SUPREME COURT.
Jom' P. VAq NEss, Am MARCA n Wn, CowLA-IqAriTs, Al-
PELLA NTS VS. THE MAYOR, ALDEmEE, AND BoARD OF Co 0xoN CouNci oF THE CrTY oF WAsINmGT N, AND THE UmfTzD STATES OF AEERIcA, Dn wArDTs.
In 1822 congress passed an act autbdrising the corporation of Washington to drain the ground in and near certain 'public reservations, and to improve and ornament certain parts of the public reservations. The corporation are.empowered to make an agreement, hy which'parts of the location of the canal shall be changed, for the purpose of draining and drying the low grounds near the Pennsylvania avenue,;,&c. To effect these objects, the corporation is authorised to lay off in building lots certain parts of the public reservations, No. 10, 11, and 12, and of other squares, and also a part of B. street, as laid out and designated in the original plan of the city, which.lots they may sell at auction, and apply the proceeds to those objects, and afterwardp to 'enclosing, planting and improving -other reservations, and building bridges, &c. the surplus, if any, to be paid into the treasury of the United States. The act authorises the heirs, &c. of the former proprietors of the Tand on which the city was laid out, who may consider themselves injured by the purposes of the act, to"
institute in thie circuit court a bill in equity, in the nature of a petition of right
against the United States, setting forth the grounds of any claim they may consider themselves entitled to nake, to be conducted according to the rules of a court of equity; the court to hear and determine upon the claim of the plaintiffs, and what portioni, if any, of the money arising from'the sale of the lots they may be entitled to, with a rigMht f appeal ta this court. The plaintiffs, Van Ness and wife, filed their bill against the United States and the corporation ofWashington, claiming title to the lots which had been thus sold, under David Burns, the original pfoprietor of that part of the city, and father of one bf the plaintiffs, on the ground that by the agreement between, the United States and the original proprieltors, upon laying out the city, those reservations and streets were for ever to remain for public use, and without the c6nsent of the proprietors could not be otherwise appropriated or sold for private use ; that the act of congress was a violation of the contract; that by such sale and appropriation for private use the right of the United States thereto was determined, or that the original proprietors reacquired a right to have the reservations, &c. laid out in building lots for their joint and deual benefit with the United States, or that they were in equity entitled to the whole or a moiety of the proceeds of the .ales of the lots. Held, that no rights or claims exist in the former proprietors br their heirs, and that the proceedings of the corporation of Washington, under and in conformity with the provisions of the act; are valid a)nd effectual for the purposes of the act.
APPEAL from the circuit court of the district of Columbia, for the county of Washington.

JANUARY TERM 1830.
EVan Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
The original bill, in this case was filed the 16th of April 1823. It set forth that the complainant, Marcia Van Ness, was the only child and heir at law'of David Burns, deceased. That Burns was, in his life time, and particularly on the 6th of July 1790, seised and possessed of a considerable tract of land, within the limits of the present city of Washington ;.that a part of this-land constitutes so much of-the land mbntioned in the second section .of an act of congress, of May 7, 1822, c. 96, as is indicated in a map annexed to the bill of complaint by the words 'fReservation N1o. 10, 11, and 12, on the north side of the Pennsylvania Avenue."
That by virtue of the said act of congress, the corporation of the city of Washington have proceeded to lay off and' divide the said land into lots; that they have -sold some, and are about to sell others ; that the land thus disposed of is to be held by the purchasers for their own private use and exclusive benefit; and the bill complains of. these proceedings as a breach of trust.
It avers that on .the 6th of July 1790, an act of congress passed, establishing the temporary and permanent seat of government of the United States. By this act the president was authorised to appoint commissioners who were authorised to purchase or accept such quantity of land within the district as the president might deem proper for the use of the United States, and according to such plans as the president should approve. By virtue of this.act, Various proposals were made concerning cessions-of land for the site of the city of Washington: the substance of which proposals was, that the Presi dent might retain any number of squares he might think proper for the public improvements, or other public uses, and that the lots only which should be laid off should be a joint property.between the trustees ori behalf of the public and each of the three proprietors, and that the same should be equally divided between the public and the individuals, as soon as might be after the city should be laid off.
For the streets the proprietors were to receive no compensation. For the squares aqd lands in.any'.form which should be taken for public buildings or any kind of public
VOL,. IV.-2 E

234. :

SUPREME COURT.

[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washingon and United States.]

improvement or uses, the proprietors, whose lands might be

so taken were.to receive compensation, &c. SOII-the 28th of June 179.1,*David Burns, by his deed, pon-

veyed ,to Thomas Beall.and John Mackall-Gantt, in fee simple, for the purposes and trusts therein mentioned, a consi-

detable quantity of land, partof which constitutes thd land

described in the act of May 7, 1822.

The whole of the land-thus conveyed to Beall and Gantt was afterwards, 30th of -Noyember 1796, conveyed by them

to the commissioners appointed under the act aforesaid, upon the same.trusts and uses as are expressed in the deed of con-

veyance to them.

The-plan of the city as originally projected by L'Enfant, improved and matured by Ellicott, wa' approved and adopted

in 1792, by the president of the United States. According

to this plan, the land described is within the operation-of

the act of the 7th of May 1822, except so much thereof as may-have been sold by virtue of an act of February 24, 1817,

entitled :"an act authorising.the sale of certain grounds belonging to the United States, in the city of Washington."

The complainants are ignorant of 'theextent of these sales,

but claim all which may thus have ben. disposed of. The map 'referred to in tile biji, exhibits the division
that was made, under the direction of the corporation, of the

land in question into lots, and is the guide by -which the sales have been conducted. A part of the land in question

was not reserved for public improvements, or other public

uses, but belonged to a street called North B street.

The complainants aver that the land in question, if sold to private individuals .to be held by them for their individual benefit, will be placed entirely out of the reach of the trusts and purposes which were intended to be created and secur-

ed by the deed and agreement aforesaid. The complainants

are advised this cannot be done without their consent,.which

they' ake willing to give upon the terms of the original contract./ They arewilling to occupy the same ground they would have occupied if what is now proposed to be done

had'been proposed in 1792: that is, that the land then rb-

served
S'l

as

public

squares

and

streets, and

now designed

to

be

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Van Ness and 'Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.)
divided into private building lots, should be divided between
them and the United States, or the corporation claiming the title of the United States.
The complainants refer to an act of May 6, t796, authorising a loan for the use of the city of Washington, and to other actsof congress, as uniformly holding out-the idea that the land in question is not subject to congressional control. They refer also to the -proceedings of the commissioners in Davidson's Case, in January. 1794, a copy of which is annexed; and to the opinion of the attorney general in that case.
The complainants aver that they hive presented their claim to the corporation of Washington, and to the commissioners appointed by the corporation, and urged a postponement of any further sale.
On. the 19th of May 1826, the complainants filed an .amended bill, the substance of Which is:
That Marcia Van Ness, the complainant, is the only chid and heir at law of David Burns, deceased; that David Burns, in his life time, was lawfully seised in fee of the premises in question; that under an act of congress of July 16, 1790, and a supplementary act of March 3, 1791, proposals: were made by and on behalf of'the presidebt. thereto lawfully authorised, to various persons then the owners of different portions of land lying within the present limits of the city of Washington, relating to the purchasing and accepting from the proprietors, various parts of their lands lying within the limits aforesaid. In consequence of stich proposals an agreement,was finally made between the proprietors, among whom was David Burns, and .the United States, the terms and nature of which are set forth.in an entry under date-of April 1791, in a book, &c. as set forth iu the original bill. On the 28th of June 1791, David Burns, in pursuance of the agreement and arrangement as aforesaid, made and executed .his deed of conveyance to Beall and Gantt, as set forth in the original Bill.. Beall and Gantt conveyed,
as recited in the- original bill, (setting out the trusts.) .&fterwards, on the 13th of December 1791, the president transmitted to congress a plan of the city which had been adopted as the permanent seat of government ; that sub-

236

SUPREME COURT.

[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
sequently, various alterations were made in the same, at different times, under the authority and sanction of the president. Many building squares have been introduced, in addition to those contained in the "plan originally adopted alterations have been made in the number and directions of the streets; in the dimensions of the building squares and public appropriations; and in all such cases, when such alterations have been made and those pieces of ground which had been at any time appropriated as streets, or public reservations, have been subsequently converted, either in whole or in part, into building lots,- the variations have been by the mutual consent of the United States and the original proprietors respectively ; and the lots in such building squares have been, uniformly, divided between the United States and such original proprietors.
They insist that such mutual consent and such distribution were not only required by the true meaning and legal and equitable interpretation of the original compact and agreement, but such practice' acquiesced in by both parties ought to be deemed and received as the mutual understanding and design of the parties at the time of entering into it.
In pursuance of such original agreement and of the acts of congress, the. president did select and appropriate for streets, squares, parcels and lots, for the use of the United States, all -the-premises herein before described, lying on the north and south sides of the Pennsylvania avenue, as aforesaid ; being part and parcel of the premises as herein before mentioned, conveyed and transferred by -the said David Burns to Beall and Gantt, upon the trusts and confidences mentioned and declared in the deed of conveyance. That for all said premises neither Burns in his life time, nor the complainants since his death, have received any other consideration than such as is, set forth in the deed, either from the trustees or from the. United States. The said parcels of land continued to be held for the use of the United States as a public street or streets, or public appropriation, according to the plan and seleotion, until an act of congress, entitled " an act authorising the sale of certain. grounds belonging to the United States in the city of Washington,"

JANUARY 2'ERM 1830.
[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Wasbington and United States.]
was passed, February 24, 1817; which act was procured t the instance and by the consent of the ooirporation of 'the city of Washington. Under. this act the commissioner of the public buildings in the city of Washington was authorised to lay off into building lots and to sell a portion of them, being part of the premises herein before described as lying on the north side of the Pennsylvania Avenue.
The residue of said premises continued to be held for the public use as aforesaid, until an. act of congress was passed., on the 22d of May 1822,-also procured at the instance and with the consent of the. corporation, entitled, "an act to authorise and empower the corporati9n of the city of Washington, in the district of Columbia, to -drain the low grounds," &c.
These acts of congress are charged to be a clear and manifest departure from ,the terms and spirit of the original agreement and compact between Burns. arid the United States. The object and effect of them is to divert the premises from the trusts expressed and declared in the deed; that under such deed an interest stiU remained and continued in David Burns, which on his death descended to and now remains vested in the complainants; that the said acts of congress were passed without their concurrence or consent, and that the constitutional power of congress and the rights of complainants, will not permit or sanction the sale of the premises to private parties, without such assent and concurrence.
The complainants insist, and submit to the court, whether the legal operation and effect of said acts be not to determine the trusts originally created as to said premises, and to revest the same in them; and whether, if they choose to assent to such appropriation of the premises, the same are not thereby immediately subject to the same trusts as in and by the indenture were expressed and declared as to all those portions of the premises thereby conveyed, as were not deemed proper and necessary by the president; or whether the complainants are entitled to the whole, or simply to a moiety of the money arising from said sales.
The bill proceeds to set forth, that under the act of Feb-

SUPREME coUwr.
[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
ruary 24, 1817, the commissioner 'was authorised to sell any number of the lots therein mentioned, not )exceeding one half; and that by the act of May 22, 1822, the corporation of Washington was atuthorfised to sell and dispose of the right of the United State. of, in, and to the building lots therein mentioned : and if by virtue of said acts, -any sales h'ave been or shall be made previous to ascertaining and settling;the rights of the complainants,.much confiIsion, perplbxity and trouble may ensue as well. to the corporation and the individual purchasers, as to the complainants.
Whereas, in and by the said last mentioned act, it was expressly, enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for the lawful representatives of any former proprietor of land ,directed to be sold, &c. at any.time within oie year .froin passing of the same, to institute a bill of equity in the nature of a petition of right against the United $tates in this honourable court, in which they may set forth the ground of their claim to the land in question, the complainants do within the terms of said act present their bill and. claim such relief in the' premises as may be conformable to the provisions of said acts, or agreeable to equity and good conscience.
And inasmuch as the. corporation of Washington is authorised by said act of.congress to carry the provisions of the'same into effect, and deny.any right or interest to the premises, or any "part .thereof to be in complainants, but claim a iight to sell and dispose of the entire premises, and the exclusive right to -receive and appropriate all the proceeds of the sales to their own use and benefit, and give out and insist that the complainants have no claim in law or eqluity to the land or proceeds, arfd have proceeded to carry the act of c6ngress into olieration ; they pray, &c.
To this bill the defendants filed their joint and several demurrer, plea. and answer; the substance of which is, they claim the benefit of all the prior exceptions and grounds of demurrer and plea heretofore taken to the original bill, and deny the equity of the bill. They specially set forth-
1. That the subject matter of complainant, the title there-'

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
in pretended, and the entire relief prayed, are against an act of congress passed in the due exercise of a legislative discretion and constitutional power; and therefore not cognizable before any municipal court.
2. That the complainant have not shown any title, or any individual and proprietary interest in themselves; but a mere participation of the general interest inherent in them as members of the community at large, in common with all the citizens of the United States in the administration of a public trust by the government.
3. They deny that the complainants have equity; and assert that if they have any title to the land, it may be established at-law.
4. That the bill is defective in its frame, scope and end. Because it is multifarious, and purports to.have joined therein several matters and claims of different natures, and repugnant characters. It is uncertain as to the nature, extent, and degree of the relief claimed, and as to the party against whom it is prayed. It prays no process, except an .njunction against the corporation.
5 It is not in the nature of a petition of right, demanding any portion of the money arising from the sales of the, lands, and merely setting forth the complainants' title to the land, to lay a foundation for their claim to the money, or to a portion thereof, as authorised by the act of congress ; but it purports -to claim against, and in derogation of the authority of said act, and to draw the United States into suit touching this claim. The United States and the corporation are joined in the suit, contrary to the design of the act, and without showing or alleging any iiiterest.in the corporation.
The defendants, by way of answer, admit that David Burns was'seised, and did convey, us averred in the bill, and thit the trustees coniveyed to the commissioners as therein set fdrth : that the whole of the lands thus conveyed, except so much as from time to time has been divided and reconveyed, or has been sold or otherwise disposed of, still remains vested in the United States. or Iheir officers or agents, absolutely and perpetually, fbr the use of the United States. The defendants insist, that the legal as well as equitable

SUPREME COURT.
[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
estate has become vested in the United States, or at all events, that the legal interest has passed to the commissioner -f public buildings, in trust for the United States. In either case, they insist that the United States have the only beneficial interest and estate, and the absolute dominion and disposal of the same; and that congress may and ought to dispose of the same on the terms and in the manner most advantagbous to the.general interest. They admit that about five hundred and forty-two acres were reserved for the use of the United States, and not allotted and di-vided : that these lands, thus reseived were purchased at the rate of twenty-five pounds, or sixty-six dollars and sixty-six cents per acre, paid out of the public treasury, which price was mote than three-fold the market price or real value, independently of the adventitious and speculative valuation, superinduced by making this the permanent seat of government. The lands thus purchased for the use of the United States, and for which there was no responsibility to the original proprietors beyond the payment of the stipulated price, Were distributed throughout the'city, and were commonly known and distinguished as reservations, numbered from No. I to 17 inclusively. Of these the commissioners accounted with David Burns in his life time, for about one hundred and ten acres, and paid him two thousand seven. hundred and fifty. pounds, or seven thousand three hundred and thirty-three dollars and thirty-three cents;. but without any. specification of the boundaries or lines.
All the lands described in the second section of the act of May the 7th, 1822, and which the corporation is authorised to lay out and sell, cpnsist of parts of the reservations so purchased, as aforesaid, excepting that part over which No. 10 is directed to be extended to Pennsylvania avenue, which comprises so much of B street as lies between said avenue, and said reservation, and was so taken in order to square out to said avenue the house lots into which the reservation was to be divided.
It is admitted that the part of B street, any more than the residue of the street; or the other streets, was not, when 3riginally purchased for the use of the United States, set down

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
at any price, specifically appropriated.to such parts of the property; but was incltdcd as an appendage in the purchase of the general mass of property paid for at the rate of twentyfive pounds-per acre, without being taken into the computation of the area to be paid for at that rate.
The defendants-deny that there was any agreement, condition, understanding or trust, express or implied, between the United States, or any of their officers, agents or trustees, .and the original proprietors or vendars; or that any thing was given out or promulgated in the form of proposals or otherwise, either befbre or after the consummation of the contracts and conveyances by whi-i the lands- were sold and conveyed for the use of the United States as aforesaid, impbrting or implying, or in any manner holding out the idea, hope, or expectation, that the lands, or any part or parcel of the same, should b.e perpetually and inalienably retained as public propert), or dedicated to any particular object of public improvement; or that the general declaration of use should be limited, and restrm~ned, so as to control the discretion of the govcrniment or'congress of the United States in the use or application of the property. Except that these defendants have heard and believe, that at a very early stage in the adjustment of the plan of the .city, the two principal quarters of the city, and the particular appropriations of ground for the sites of the president's house and, executive departments and capitol, were dosignated, and an implied pledge of the public faith ,vas held out, not merdly'to the original proprietors, but to the public in general, that those great improvemeits should be permanently distributed and seated ; but as to all the residue -ofthe lands so purchased for the use of the United States, it was to remain at the absolute disposal of congress.
The defendants have been informed, and believe, that the intent and, bbject for keeping such extensive reservations of land in the heart of the city unappropriated, were to leave the hands of the government unfettered, and its discretion uncontrolled to dispose of such reservations in furtherance of such future and contingent purpopes and views of improvement, ornament, or utility, a were not' contemplated
VOL. IV.-2F

SUPREME COURT.
[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
or provided for in the original plan; and to leave the government at full liberty to modify and improve such plan according to such future and contingent views. That the practice of the government, its .officers, agents and trustees, has always been conformable to this view of the uses and objects to which it was originally destined. If any of the reservations have received names as if appropriated to particular objects, they'have been merely popular and arbitrary; and not from any authority, or founded on any pledge or trust, public or private, that they should be so appropriated. Whenev6r the public convenience has been thought io require it, the lands have been applied without regard to such popular and arbitrary designations, or to any such terms.or conditions as the complainants pretend. That the specific purposes and objects designated in t'he act of congress for the application of the proceeds, are of the first importance and' highest public utility, in reference to the primary. design of laying out and embellishing a splendid, populous, and w6ll order6d capital ;.which was to be reclaimed from wasted -tobacco fields and noxious morasses ; -and that without the improvements to be accomplished by these means, the city never can fulfil the ends nand purposes for which it had been selected, as the permanent seat of government.
The corporation, answering for themselves, further say, tat withbut delay.a board of five commissioners was organized for thie purpose of carrying into execution the act of 1822, according to certain directions in .the act, and in the ordinance of the corporation: that the commissioners did-proceed to lay offthe parcels of ground into squares and building lots, and proceeded to make sale of some of them, when they were stopped by the injunction issuec. at the prayer of the coniplainants. When the same was dissolved, they again proceeded, and have disposed of the greater part of the same, and intend with all convenient speed to dispose of the residue. Of all which actings and doings, they are prepared to render an account, when they shall be so required and directed.
The complainants filed a general replication ; and after argument, the circuit court dismissed the bill with costs.
The complainants appealed to this court.

JANUARY TERM 1830.

243

[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
The case was argued'by Mr Coxe and Mr Taney for the appellants; and by Mr Berrien, attorney general, for the United States; and by Mr Jones and Mr Wirt, with whom was MrrWebster, for the corporation of Washington.

,fr -Coxe, for the appellants, stated, that the claim of the appellants was founded -on the admitted original right of the ancestor. of Mrs Van. Ness in the premises, and upon the contracts and conveyances by which- he parted'with these lands. It-is contended :
1. That these conveyances and contracts did not vest in the United States an absolute and -indefeasible titleb but paqsed an imperfect and qualified eslate, to which certain" trusts and conditions were annexed, intimately connected and interwoven with the title; and the"condition having been broken,-and.the trusts violated or run'out, the estate granted has terminated.
2. If such should not be deemed the legal result from the facts in the case, the complainants will contend; that according to the only.fair interpretation -whichcan be given to the contracts in question, these premises -mustnow be considered as if originally converted into building lots,-and to"be equally: divided between the government and the original proprietor.
Or,
3. That if the interest vested in the United States couldnot be divested without an actual sale to individuals, then, under one aspect of the case or 'another, the plaintiff:xmust
be entitled to the whole ora moiety of the proceeds. It is admitted that 'the soil "originally'belonged to David
Burns, the father of the complainant Mfarcia, This could only be'divested by his voluntary act; The right of sove-
reignty before the cession was in the state of Mhryland. The first article, section eighth, of the constitution of the
United States, gives to congress the right of exclusive jurisdiction over .the district ; and in other cases. Under this
clause, the right of sovereignty over the district is in the ge-. neral government, and'under the second section the right is recognized to:pcquire real property for certain designated
and stipulated purposes.

SUPREME COURT.
[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
It is a fair inference from this part of the constitution, that if congress can constitutionally acquire the ownership of piroperty within any particular state, its rights are simply ihose of an individual; and the assent of the states must concur before the sovereign power can be vested. This is specifioally provided for, as to the district of Columbia, by the cessions of Maryland and Virginia. Burch's Dig. 213, 218, 219.
Under these acts, as sovereign, congress has no right in or connection with private property, further than the states held, which ceded their jurisdiction. The rights of the United States are derived from individual authority, and are not granted by the states.
The whole found'ation then of the government title to the real estate in the district of Columbia, rests upon compact with individual proprietors. All the powers which can be lawfully exercised over the property, must be derived from the same source. No rights can thus be created which the former owner did not himself possess.
The private compacts and conveyances which confer this right, must be subject to the same rules of interpretation and construction, as if they were contracts between private citizens. The government, in making these contracts, descends from its sovereign elevation, lays down its privileges and prerogatives, and places itself in all respects, as to right, upon a level with the individual citizen.
2. What then is the character, and what the terms of the conveyance and agreement under which the controversy arises .
Under the powers reposed in him by law, president Washington, having selected a site for the contemplated city, met the proprietors of the land covered by it on the 12th of April 1791, Burch's Dig. 332, when he made to them certain proporitions, and explained his views relative to the same. The owners generally came to an agreement,. which formed the basis of the various deeds of trust which were executed immediately after.
The.language of this agreement is peculiar and unambiguous. The president is autnorised " to retain any number of squares, &c. he may think proper for public improve-

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
ments, or other public uses." The form of the conveyance is not alluded to, neither is' the extent of the estate to be granted ; the object exclusively regarded is the purpose for which the land is to be retained.
Tfiis agreement may be considered, in connexion with the legislative acts and the conveyances, as the contract between the parties. 4 Wheat. 656. It contains the stipulations which were to be executed by formal conveyances.
The conveyances to Beall and Gantt, the trustees, will be found to correspond with this agreement. The language of those conveyances is, "to the said Beall and Gantt, ana" the survivor of them, and the heirs of such survivor :" the habendum is in these words, "to have and to hold the hereby bargained and sold lands, with their appurtenances, unto the said Beall and Gantt, and the survivors of them, and the heirs of such survivor, to and for the special trust following, and no other, &c. And this trust is created by these words : "andthe said.Beall and Gantt, or the survivor of them, and the heirs of such survivor, shall convey to the commissioners, &c. and'to their successors, to the use of the United States for ever, all the said streets, and .uch of the said squares, parcels and lots, as the president shall deem lproperfor the use of the United States."
It is obvious that the parties considered the contract as still executory ; no legal title passed to the United States, or even to the commissioners; but a subsequent conveyance for this purpose was evidently contemplated. The abolition of the office of commissioner hs prevented the execution of this design.
The agreement of the 12th of April 179L must still be considered as substantially setting out the intentions of the parties; and although wholly informal, " it is an agreement showing the intent of the parties, and.therefore sufficient to declare a use." 4 Mod. 264.
The Maryland act of cession refers to this agreement, as well as to the conveyance ; and the inquiry is, what. was the intention of the parties, as the same can be gathered from the documents referred to !-
It embraces three distinct species of' property: 1. The'

246

SUPREME COURT.

[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
public streets. 2. The public reservatipns. 3. The building lots. All the ground within the limits of the city is comprehended within one or other of these descriptiohs.
The firstwere to be absolutely vested in the government without any compensation, further than such as should arise from the enjoyment of this public right of way. The second was to embrace the squares, parcels, and lots, which the president might~deem proper for the use of the United States; or, as the original agreement expresses it, " which the president might deem proper for public improvements,
or other public uses," These were to be paid for at the rate of twenty-five pounds per acre. 3. The building lots, which were to be equally divided between. the United States and the original pfoprietors. All thepremises in controversy in this case are comprehended within the two first desctiptisns.
If the language employed in this agreement and convey-
ance can xeceive any precise construction, it means, that the parties agree to convey, and did convey "such squares, parcels and lots as the president might deem proper for the use of the United States." If this be ambiguous, all doubt will be rem9ved by reference to the terms of the agreement, where.the property, as well as the object of the conveyance, is specifically described "as lands in any form which shall be taken for public buildings, or any kind of public improve-
ments," and " for public improvements or other public uses." These then are the objects of the grant.
Where an agreement. embraces a number of distinct subjects, which admit of being separately executed and closed, it must be taken distributively ;. each subject being considered as forming the matter of a separate agreement after it is closed. 11 Wheat. 237, 251. 'Citedalso, 1 Coxe, 270. Sugden, 209:' 12 Johins. Rep. 436.
It might have occurred that the laud of one proprietor was appropriated to these public objects, and all that of another to building squares. "The construction then to be given to the various matters must be the same as if three distinct conveyances had been executed after the plan of the city had been adopted, and with a specific appropriation of each por-
tion of the premises.

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
A conveyance then of a particular tract of land to the United States "for public improvements or other public uses," " for public buildings or any kind of public improvements," or "for a street," would have fixed beyond a doubt the purpose to which tle subject conveyed was to be applied, and would have constituted an agreement of the most solemn obligatory character.
S. Having ascertained the substance of the agreement, it is immaterial whether we consider the contract as creating a charity, a trust, an estate upon condition, a dedication to the public, or any thing else of a similar character.
In Englhnd it would have been deemed a charity. 4Ves. 543. 7 Johns. Ch. Rep. 292. 5 Harr. & John. 392.' Z6 'Harr. & John. 1. It is immaterial that we have no statute similar to that of 43 Elizabeth.
The object and effect of that statute appear to have been to give validity to certain dispositions of property, which otherwise would- have been void. If, in the cases put, the will required the aid of the statute, such was its operation. If in this case, the assistance of\a similar statute should be deemed necessary, it must be on the principle that, at com-' mon law, the conveyance would be void. If, however, no assistance is thus required, or should the various statutes under which these arrangementg have been made legalis. them, the trusts'designated are valid as a charity.
But a charity must .be accepted upon the same terrps upon whi'ch it is given, or it must be relinquished to the right heir; for it cannot be altered by any new agreement between the heirs of the donor and the donees. 4 Wheat. Ap. 15. Finch, 222: 3 Merivale, 400, 401, 417.
Considering it as a condition annexed to the grant, that the land should be appropriated to "public buildings," or "othbr public uses," the result would be the same.
By the aisposition the government has made of the piemises, the sale.of all its interests to individuals, it has misapplied this property, and deprived itself of the power to perform the condition. Such a misapplication was held in Porter's case to give to the heir of the donor a right of entry. [ Rep. 16.

SUPREME COURT.
[Van Ness.and Wife vs. The City of Wsbington and United States.]
The interest created. is, however, ag well from the nature of it, as from the terms employed, nothing more than a trust in some of its modifications.
The contract is entirely executory in its character. It indicates the general object of a conveyance thereafter to be made. I Even the deeds from the proprietors to the trustees were but a part execution of the agreement. They contemplated another instrument to convey the legal title to the United States.
The conveyance to the trustees being a deed of bargain and sale, the estate of the United States under it could he nothing more than an equitable one.
It is a settled principle, that no use to be executed by the statute, by force of such a conveyance, .can be declared,excepting to the bargainee. 3 Johns. 383. 4 Cruise's Dig. 494.. 16 Johns. 302.
To the whole extent of this controversy the contract is still executory, and completely within the control of a court of chancery; who in framing a conveyance will make it correspond with the intention of the parties.
This intention is to be collected from the original agreement. It is clearly established that without any strict adherence to the forms of instruments, the intent of the parties will operate. '4 Mod. 264. 2 Atk. 577, 58Z 1 P. Wins, 123. 1 BrQ. P. C. 288. 3 Bro. P. C. W1, 33. 3 Com. Dig. 487.- 1 Jac. & Walk. 550. 1 Prest. on Est.
The beneficial interest upder these instruments in the United States, is clearly an executory equitable interest. It rests in fii, and the court will endeavour to ascertain the design of the parties in relation to the extent of this interest, and measure their rights by such intention. All trusts are, .indeed, executory. 1 Cruise's Dig. 489. 1 Prest. 186.
If the view of the intention which has been taken is the correct one, the premises in question were to be apportioned exclusively to objects of a public character; to public improvements, or other public uses.
The property has however been diverted from these objects, and has been sold out to individual proprietors, abd is

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
now occupied and enjoyed' by them for their private advantage. What then is the result of this misappropriation.!
The rule of equity seems to be, that when the purpose for which a trust is created, either ceases or never comes into existence; it is to be considered as if it had never been contemplated. And the benefit of the estate upon which it has been charged, must result to those to whom the law gives the estate, in default of disposition by the right owner. This is the whole foundation of resulting trusts.
Estates vested in trustees,for the purpose ofraising money; if the power is never exercised, or the incumbrance is discharged, the estates granted to the trustees terminate. Estates vested in trustees to preserve contingent remainders; if the contingency never arises, or the estate in the trustee is at an end before it occurs, revert to the grantor. 1 T. R. 760. 4 Ves. 60. 2 Ves. 399, 406. 7 Com. Dig. 588. 1 Cruise's -Dig. 475. Prec. in Chan. 541.. 2 P. W. 20. 1
Prest. on Est. 182, 183. This,sale of the premises amounts to an abuse of the trust;
and it can confer no right on the party abusing it3 or on those who claim in privity with him. 7 Coin. Dig. 619. 3. Maule & Selw. 574.
No beneficial interest vested in the trustee's, Beall and Gantt. They took an estate for the single purpose of conveying it to the commissioners. In the execution of this power they were bound to regard the intention of the parties, without any scrupulous adherence to the phraseology of the conveyance. Whatever might be the nature of the words of the conveyance to them, nothing more passed to them than was~necessary to enable them to execute the power confided to them.
If they could now be required to execute that power, and convey the premises in pursuance of it, in framing tbir deed they must look to and be governed by the obvious intention of the parties. Doug. 565, 573. 3 T. R. 665, 674.
If the formal parts of the conveyance should be deemed. immaterial, and the equitable interests of the parties alone be regarded, this may be considered as a qualified or base
fee in the premises, in the United States.
VOL. IV.-2 G

SUPREME COURT.
[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
Qualified or base fees are, substantially, nothing more than fees upon condition. In general, the qualification is annexed to the person of the tenant;'but it is not material whether it was annexed to the land or the person holding the land; whether the condition should be determined by the tenant personally, by an act different from that upon.which the estate depended, or by the land being 'discharged of the condition.
In this case, it would be equally immaterial whether the language of the conveyance made it the personal duty of the tenant to appropriate the land for the designated piqrposes, or whether it required the land to be so applied. I Prest. on Estates, 431. The residuary estate is in the grantor. 1 Prest on Est. 117, 156.
Such a grant may well operate as a dedication to public uses; in which case it would also partake of the qualities of a trust, and be governed by the rules applicable to trusts. 2.Strange, 100'4. 9 Cranch, 331. 2 Johns. 363. 12 Serg. & Rawle, 29.
Upon these grounds, or some of them, it is apparent, that by the operation of the acts of congress, to which reference has been made, and the sale to the individuals who have purchased, the premises have been discharged of the trust originally created. The public, to whose use they have been dedicated, have renounced the interest thus created; and the original proprietors are reinvested with their original title.
It is objected, that congress possess the powers of govereignty, responsible to the entire people of the union, and answerable to the nation at large for the manner in which it discharges its. duties and executes its *powers. This is' said, to exclude all claims for recompense for the exercise of these powers, by individuals. To this it is answered, that such poliical powers may belong to congress, and the position assumed may be true, so far as the rights of indivi.duals are not by compact connected with the operations of government. But, when it acts upon individual rights, the party whose person is violated, or whose property is inyaded,* is separated from the mass of'the comnmunity; and if his

JANUARY TERM . 830.

251

[Van Ness and Wife vs. Tha City of Washington and United States.]
case be one in which a court may act, he may invoke the constitution and law for his protection and indemnity.
Compacts may be made by the government, and individuals may acquire rights under those compacts. It is incompatible with our institutions to say, that holding these rights, government is acting as a sovereign, qnd is responsible only to the nation for its doings.
The property of individuals may be wrested from them by acts of the government; but it will not do, in a ease where the law can interpose, that the citizen shall not claim its aid, because it is a sovereign act.
When government enters into contracts with individuals, it parts with ils sovereignty. 9 Wheat. 907, In the case of the United States vs. Barker, the government was held bound in all proceedings upon bills of exchange to adhere to the same rules as govern individuals.
According to the general principle's of the law of nations, the act of cession would not have impaired individual rights. But the peculiar provisions of the act of cession give this principle additional sanction; all the right of the United States to land here, depepds exclusively upon the compacts
made with individuals. It is then immaterial whether it holds its powers and pro-
perty in trust for the community or not. The question is, what is the extent of its property, and its rights to that property; and this cannot be affected by the inquiry for whose benefit they are holden. They cannot be enlarged or diminished by the circumstance that they are held by a sovereign power for the general good.
If the appellants are right in their view of the nature of the estate existing in the premises; if this was a charity, and the object of the donation was the public; congress, representing that public, may renounce this beneficial interest. If it is a trust, and the public are the cestui que trust- congress representing them may relinquish all the advantages secured to the community. If it is a dedication to the public; congress may discharge the estate of this servitude or easement.
While it is conceded that congress, in the exercise of their power over the public property, are absolute, and are res-

SUPREME COURT.
[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
ponsible only to the nation; the legal effect or operation of such renunciation is wholly disconnected with any question of sovereignty.
It is objected that .the original pioprietors have been paid a full price for the. lands in controversy. It is not considered as bf any moment how this fact was. In determining what was conveyed, what 'estate did, pass; the question- of what was paid for it is an immaterial one. The party was paid for what he conveyed; he received his compensation for what he granted; but the question still recurs, what did pass by the conveyance. No court can enlarge or diminish "theeffect of the granting part of a deed by referring to the amount of consideration, and deducing from that any rule of interpretation.
It is also insisted, that the beneficial purposes to which the proceeds of these sales are applicable, are fatal to this claim. These can have no effect upon the question really involved in this case. However judicious th&appropriation of the proceeds arising from a violated trust, it will not influence the inquiry whether it was violated.
As to the suggestion that the remedy of the appellants was at law, and not in equity; it is answered, that the act of congress furnishes the specific remedy by'bill, in the nature of a petition of right; and if the case presents a trust, it is peculiarly within the guardianship of a court of chancery.
Whether there is in this proceeding a misjoinderof parties will depend upon the result of the case. The corporation of Washington, acting under the act of congress, sells the land, and receives and applies the proceeds. If an ac,count is'to be directed, it is the orfly party which can furnish one.
It is also.submitted, "thatthe only effect of sustaining this objection' would be a decree in favour of the corporation. The consequences of a misjoinder in chancery are very different from what they are at law, in an action ex contractu.
The parties, appellants, have a beneficial interest in the continued devotion of the property to public uses, which a court can notice. 4 Wheat. 630,-641, 697. The proprietors of every lt are interested in the size of the streets, and in

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
their direction ; in the situation of public squares, and in the location of public institutions and buildings.
The original proprietors are especially interested. 1. In diminishing the number of building lots thrown into market. 2. By the enhanced value of their remaining property, in consequence of its vicinity to a public square, or fronting on
a commodi6us street. Such was the intention of all the parties to the compacts
and arrangement, relative to the city of Washington; and this fully appears from all the circumstances of the case, as well as from the language employed.
The act of congress of July 1790, the only act passed before the execution of the instruments, did not authorise thQ purchase or acceptance of pr6perty in general, and without limit. The third section authorises, the' commissioners to purchase or accept such quantity of land within the district, as the president might deem proper for the use of the United States. The fourth" section empowers the president to accept grants Of money to defray the expenses of such purchases, and of erecting the necessary buildings. There is nothing in this act relating to the city, or the plan of the city, to public streets, or to reservations for city objects.
No authority is-given even relative to the building lots, considered -as real estate conviyed to the government. The building lots never were conveyed to the United States. They were granted to trustees, a moiety of them to be regranted to the proprietors, and the residue to be sold: and after deducting so much from the proceeds as would-pay the -former proprietor twenty-five pounds per acre, the residue was to go. to the United States, as a donation in money; the objects to which the money was to be appropriated being
specifically designated.
The act of the legislature of Maryland of 1791 conforms
to this view of the case. The president and the commissioners are by the act of
congress invested with, special powers, which they cannot transcend; and it appears that either the estate conveyed must be strictly in accordance With those powers, or that the instruments of conveyance are void. The authority is

SUPREME COURT.
[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
vested in them in affirmative words, and this is equivalent to a negation of any other authority. 2 P. Wins, 207.
'A. review of the various acts of congress passed subseqiuently, shows that-the government never contemplated that *the'contract was susceptible of the interpretation now the subject of complaint. Mr Coxe here cited and commented on theacts of May 6, 1796, April 18, 1798, April 24, 1800, January 12, 1809, and July,5, 1S12: and contended, that these various legislative acts conclusively settled the interpretation of the contract, and showed that the signification attached to the phrase, " use of the United States," was synonymous with "public purposes," and other similar forms of expression. A resolution of congress in the session of 1804 is io the same effect.
But the government 'has in fact paid nothing for these ,lands. The various instruments between the parties, and the various acts of congress already cited,'show that each proprietor whose lands were appropriated to public purposds was to recover the compensation of twenty-five pounds per acre, out of the proceeds of the building lots selected on his own tract. No other fund was pledged, and this was the practical construction- placed Upon thie compact by the ,commissioners.
Mr Wirt, and Mr Jones; argued the case for the corporation of the city of Washington.
Mr Wirt contended, that there was but one aspect in which the bill of.the appellants presents a case which is within the jurisdiction of the court. It is that in which it asks a partition of the proceeds of the sales of the lots. The only substantial defendant is the United States, and the United States being a sovereign, cannot be sued.
It is said that. the act of congress of 1-22 dispenses with
this sovereignty, and permits this suit. This is true, so far as the act does dispense with the sovereignty., but no further. The terms of the law are to be carefully observed. The dispensation is a limited one. It permits a suit for the proceeds; and the court cannot assume jurisdiction beyond this point. So much. of the bill, therefore, as seeks to enjoin the

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington -nd'United States.].
United States from letting lots, or asks for a decree for th6
land specifically, is coram nonjudic6. It did not require a plea to raise this question of juris-
diction; for the want of jurisdiction is apparent on the bill. On the face of the bill, the court will see-that the United States is the only material defendant; and the bill refers expressly to the act of 1822, as the authority for the proceedings. That act thus becomes a part of the bill- it authorises a suit for no other purpose, and to no other extent, than to ascertain whether the defendants be entitled to any part of the proceeds.
As to dismissing the bill against the United States, and retaining it against the corporation.. Can this be done . The act of 1822 declares, that the proceedings shall be conducted according to the principles of equity; and can a court of equity proceed to a decree in the absence.of~a ma-
terial party? But it is clear, that the corporation is merely the organ
of the government under the act of 1822;. and thus a limited agency, confined to the selling of the lots, and applying the proceeds under the sqlc, is in the corporation. Can the agent of a 'sovereign b.e stied for the purpose of stripping the sovereign of his rights of property.
Again, what'decree could be rendered against the corporation . Could there be a decree for this property' The corporatiQn has no right of property. .It is not even an agent of the government to defend the p-roperty in a judicial proceeding; its agency being limited to the special
ministerial acts designated by the laidf 1822. Under what principles thfen which iegulate.the proceed-
ings of courts of equity, could a decree' for this property pass against the corporation of the city of Washington. Of what avail would such a decree be against the United States'? Decrees bifid those only who are parties and privies; and if the bill be dismissed against the United States for want of jurisdiction, in *whvatsense could they be said to .be parties or-privies to the suit which 'vould rcinai'u against
the corporation.! Tha corporation -claim no rights of property, and are entrusted with no agp.cy to defend this suit;

SUPREME .COURT.
[Van Ness add Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States,]
they are the mere servants of the government in performing the ministerial acts presented by the law of 1822.
We might well insist that the whole bill should be dismissed, as'not conforming in its character to the only bill permitted by-the law to be settled by the appellants. But. it is the interest of all parties that this controversy shall be
terminated. There is, it is repeated, but a single aspect in which this
case can be regularly presented; it is that it shall be considered a bill in the nature of a partition of right, claiming the proceeds of the sales.
In deciding this question the court must necessarily decide, incidentally, on the title of the complainants to the property. If they have a right to half the proceeds, it can only be because, on some principle of law or equity, they show title to half the property.
2. Are the complainants entitled to twe proceeds or to any portion of them . This must depend upon the contract under which the original proprietor parted with the property and conveyed it to the United States.
If he parted with the property sub modo; if there was any condition in the contract that it should be applied to a specific use, and that, if not so applied, it should return to the original owner, or to his heirs : then, Jiift has- not been so applied, the claimants are entitled to th proceeds. But if the conveyance to the United States was absolute, and for a good and full consideration, and the indication of the use was referred by the terms of the cqntract to the pleasure of the United States ; then it -must. be manifest that the com,plainants are not so entitled. "
It would seems that the opinion that the complainants are entitled to some part of these proceeds, has arisen from confounding the case with others reported in the books, to which it bears no just resemblance; but from-which it is distinguished.by circumstances Which withdraw it entirely from the influence-of those decisions.
Thus, cases are cited of charities, which are free gifts of property, dedicated on the face of the instrument itself, which made the gift to a special use,-free gifts, in which the do-

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
nor had been induced to make them by no pecuniary interest, but which .proceeded solely from his disinterested bounty and charity.
But these reservations were not free gifts. They were sales founded on a most valuable consideration, in which the vendor had most important pecuniary interests at staka; and this consideration was of a twofold character. 1. The establishment of the federal city on their lands, which has made the desert smile. 2. The direct consideration of twenty-five .pounds paid for every acre of these reservations.
The cases of charities have therefore no application; because these were not gifts, but purchases. They have no application ; because here there was no dedication on the face of the instrument to any specific use, but that was left open and was placed soleiy'at the pleasure of the United States.
Nor is there any trust, express or implied, raised on the face of the contract, in behalf of the original proprietors,nor any use for them; the whole trust and use being for the: benefit of the United States.
Neither is there seen in the case a single feature which brings it in any degree within the range of those cases which have been cited of estates granted on condition, or of cases of determinable fees. For here is no condition annexed to the grant, unless it may be regarded as a condition that the property is to be applied to the use of the United States; a condition, .in the dud performance of which the original proprietor had no other interest than any other citizen of the United States. Nor is there any thing which makes this a defeasible or determinable fee ; because the fee is in perpetuity to the United States.
The argument on the other side proceeds entirely on tlfese two propositions. 1. That this was a free gift of property on the part of Mr Burns. 2. That it was a gift for a specific purpose; and that this specific purpose having been entirely given up, Mr Burns, or his representatives, are entitled to a
return of the property. Now, on the other hand, if it appears; 1. That this is not
a free gift, but a sale for a valuabre consideration, which has VOL. IV.-2 H

SUPREME COURT.
[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
been received by the grantor; on this single ground, then, there must be an end of this claim.
9.If it shall farther appear that it was not even a sale for a specific use, but for the use generally of the United States, there must be an end to all pretension of claim. And the truth of these latter propositions will rsult from an inspection of the contract, and a steady look at the real character of the case ; and at the circumstances out of which the contract grew, and with relation to which it is to.be construed.
This was not a gift, but a sale for a valuable consideration which has been paid, and this consideration.was two fold. 1. The establishment of a federal city on these lanls. 2. The receipt of twenty-five pounds per acre for the reser-
vatioh.
The establishment of a federal city on the lands. This feature alone distinguishes this case from all others which. have been cited from the English or American books.
Was not this a valuable consideration ? not an empty, speculative, imaginary consideration, but one real and solid; one which suddenly conyerted these exhausted and unprodue.tive tobacco fields into mines of almost countless opulence.
The value which was given to the property of former owners, is fully shown by the history of.the poriod when the
1ocsio.n of the federal city was about to be made. It was in the power of the presideait to fix the site of the city where he should decide. He could have put it where it now i , or have gone -to Georgetown, and there erected the
public buildings. Every public bodyj and every private individual who in
'those days touched this subject, has left us proofs of the in.terQst which the land holders were expected to take and did take in the important question of the precise location of the city; 'and have thereby borne testimony of the reality and value of the consideration. Act of congress of the 16th of July 1790. Burch's Dig. 226. Act of the legislature of Maryland of the 19th bf December 1791.
Suppose-the whole of the land on which the'city stands

JANUARY TERM 1830.
EVan Ness and-Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.)
had been purchased by the United States before the location of the city, and paid for by twenty-five pounds per acre out of the public treasury, and such a deed had been taken as that which has been executed, a conveyance in trust to the United States; could the vendor have any colour of right to restrict the United States as to any use of the property
thus purchased. Suppose the property had been condemned by inquisition
under the law of Maryland, to the use of the city of Washington ; could it possibly be contended that the former proprietor would retain any control over the property, or its application, the land being paid for out of the public treasury. Now, if it be true that if the property is paid for by the United States; either by voluitary contract, or by writ of ad quod damnum, the former proprietor would cease to have any control over it; what is there in the mode of payment which was adopted, and the benefits which he received, to vary the rights of the parties!
It is urged that as the payment was made out of the funds of the ancestor of the complainants, the reservations were virtually free gifts. *Now, there was nothing in the case which.deserves the name of a free gift; for the establishroent of the city was a consideration which produced the whole increased value of the property.
By the parties themselves it was never pretended that these reservations were a gift o6 the face of the deed itself; they are treated as bargained and sold to the use of the United States ;,and nothing is pretended to be a donation, except so much as shall remain of the proceeds of the sales of the alternate lots, after the payments for the reservations have been made.
But suppose that the money which was produced by the sales of the lots and was paid for the reservations, is to be considered"as a gift of money by the original proprietors; is not money so given as absolutely the property of the United States as if it had been raised by a tax 1.- That such gifts would be made was anticipated by congress, gifts in consideration of the establishment of the city on tfe lands of the
proprietors.

260

SUPREME COURT.

[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
But it is said, that the proceeds of those lots were a gift of money for a limited purpose; that is, for the purpose of its being applied-to pay for these reservations, at the rate of twenty-five pounds per acre ; and these were to be purchased for a specific use, from which the UnitedStates have departed by the act of 1822. Such is not the agreement; nor the-deed which was to give effect to the agreement.. The agrdement is to be taken all together, not distributively.

Mr Berrien, attorney general, for the United States, stated, that by the act of congress of 1822, it was made his official duty to represent the interests of the United States in this case.
The act authorises the circuit court to entertain jurisdiction of a bill in equity in the nature of a petition of right against the United States; to hear and determine upon the claim of.the appellants; and to determine what proportion, if any, of the money arising from the sale directed by the act they are entitled to.. The purpose of the government in passing the law is fulfilled by meeting the claim on its merits.
The bill states that the United States had no right, without the consent of the complainants, to dispose of the lands directed to be sold by the law: that sach a disposition of them determines the trusts and revests the property in the original proprietors, or their representatives ; or that at their option the trusts originally declared, attach to the property so transferred, or to the proceeds arising from the sale.
It is not necessary in this proceeding to consider the question of forfeiture. If such an effect was produced by the act of 1822, the complainants 'have their remedy against the purchasers tinder the act. They have, however, relinquished that ground; and they seek relief against the United States under the special provisions of the law ; thus affirming the sale and seeking a dividend of the proceeds of the
sale.
But in any view of the case the circuit court had no jurisdiction to hear and detetmine such a claim; and the only question presented for the consideration of this court, and

JANUARY- TERM 1830.
[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
which was properly before the court below, is, whether the .complainants, coming in, and assenting to the appropriation of the lands made by the act of 1822, are entitled to a moiety of the proceeds of the sales.
These propositions are maintained on the part of the United States. 1. The legal effect of the conveyance from DaviciBurns to Thomas Beall, of George and Johin M. Gantt, and by the latter to the commissioners of Washington, was to divest David Burns and his heirs of all right, title, and interest in the several squares or parcels of land selected for the use of the United States.
2. The deed from David Burns to Thomas Beall and John M. Gantt conveyed the legal estate of David Burns to all the lands held by him within the limits of the contemplated city, to those persons," to have andto hold," to them and the survivor of them, and the heirs of sych survivor for ever, on certain special trusts: among which were the fQllowing, to convey to the commissioners of Washington, &c. and their successors, to the use of the United States for ever, and for the consideration of twenty-five pounds per acre, the lands which are the subject of this controversy; all which they
covenanted to do. In the execution of this trust, and in the fulfilment of their
covenant, Thomas fleall and John M Gantt did convey to the commissioners. The legal title to the lands then'became vested in the commissioners, in'trust, to hold that portion of them which is now in controversy, for the use of the United
States.
In equity the title became absolutely vested in the United States. 1 Eden, 226. For the limitations of trusts are to be construed the same as those-of legal estates. C.Com. Dig. 1006.
It was in the eye of equity a grant to, the United States for. ever. Such a grant vests the fee. -A grant to the king in perpetuum gives him a fee, without the words heirs or successors ;for he never dies. So also is the law as to a grant to a corporation aggregate. 4 Com. Dig. 12. 2 Bab.
Ab. 536. If this. were not so, the continuance of any right, title, or

. 262

SUPREME COURT.

[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and Unite-d States.]
interest. in David Burns or his heirs, was inconsistent with the authority under which the purchase was .made;.which being special, created by a public law, and therefore known' to the vendor, the conveyances given and received must be construed in reference to it. The act of congress under which the purchase was made is to be taken as part of the
contract. The commissioners were authorised to purchase or accept
lands within-the district for the use of the United States; they were moreover authorised to accept grants of money. Under this latter authority they entered into a contract between the United States and the original proprietors for the division of those building lots.*
But it was in the execution of their power topurchase, for the use of the United States, that they did purchase the reservations selected by the president, and paid for them at the rate of twenty-five pounds per acre.
These they we're required to purchase for the use of the
United States-for their,sole use. They were not authorised in relatiop to these lands to admit any community of interest. . They had simply the power to purchase or accept; but in either case,for the use of the United States; not for the joint use of the United States, and any other persons. The preliminary agreement expressly negatives the idea of such joint us- or joint property in the United States and
the former proprietors. It was a power to purchase-for the use of the United States
generally, without a specification of the purposes to which the land should be applied, or any limitation whatever upon the direct and absolute dominion which the United States were to acquire by the"purchase.
Would an express stipulation that the United States should hold these squares in perpetuity, as-such, without power to appropriate them to any purpose, have been pursuant to the authority under which the commissioners acted ! They were authorised And directed to purchase such lands as the president should deem proper for the use of the United States. Can such a stipulation be implied from a grant to the use of the United States '. But if it could, me implication must be

JANUARY TERM 1830.
TVan Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
extended further. From a grant to the use of the United States without qualification,absolutely, and for ever; you must imply, 1. That .the United States must be for ever restrained in the use of the thing granted to thespecifid purpose to which it was applied at the date of the grant. 2. That a breach of this condition would raise a new trust for the benefit of the United States and the original proprietors or their representatives. It would not operate as a forfeiture; but it would raise a new trust for the joint benefit of the parties, absolute in its terms.
From a grant to the United States, a condition is implied, and then a breach of that condition; which, however, does not-operate a forfeiture, but serves as the basis of a new trust, to be raised 'by implicationfor the joint benefit of the United States and the original proprietors.
3. Construing the contract according to its' plain import and intent, there is no equity in the complainants' claim.
The proprietors conveyed to Beall and Gantt certain lands, which were to be laid out as a city, with such streets or squares, parcels or lots, as the president of the United States should approve, on certain trusts. 1. To convey to the commissioners of the'city of Washington, and their successors, for the use of the United States, for ever; all the streets, and such of the squares, parcels, and lots, as the president should deem proper for the use of the United States. 2. Of the esidue of the lots, one half were to be reconveyed to the original proprietors. 3. The other moiety was to be sold Under the direction of the president; and the proceeds, after paying twenty-five pounds per acre for the lots, squares, and parcels taken for the use of the United States, were to be paid over to the president as a grant of money to be applied for purposes, and according to the act of congress " for establishing the temporary and permanent seat of. government of the United States.'J
The reiult of this was, that the land conveyed, or so much of it as was necessary, being laid out in a city, the United States were to take to their own separate'use, 'or ever, such squares, parcels or'lots as the president should prefer, and to pay therefor twenty-five pounds per acre,; the re-

SUPREME COURT.
[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
maining lots to be divided between the United States and the original proprietors. The streets were of course given up without compensation. One moiety of the remaining lots, and any lands not included in the city, to be conveyed to the original proprietors; the other.moiety to be sold as has been stated.
The appellants pretend that the lots and parcels taken for the use of the United States, and paid for at the rate of twenty-five pounds per acre, must be retained as squares, or' as the sites of public buildings, or for other public works;. and cannot be sold to individuals for building lots, without entitling the appellants to a moiety of the purchase money.
It is contended that there is no equity in this claim. 1. Because excluding the adscititious value given to the property of the original proprietors by the location of the city as the seat of government, a full price was paid by governrment for the land. .2. As against the United States the proprietors have no right to make any claim, on account of this factitious value. 5. Independently of the consideration paid per acre fo" the lands appropriated to the United States, the proprietors by the sale of the moiety of the building lots, which were reconveyed to them, were liberally compensated.for their property. 4. It was expressly denied in the answer, and no contradictory testimony is offered, that the lands reserved from sale and appropriated to the use of the United States, were so reserved to be appropriated, or under a pledge to appropriate them to any specific purpose whatever, except the sites of the capitol and president's house. 5. No such pledge was necessary to secure to the original proprietors an advantageous sale of the moiety ofthe lots reserved to them ; for the interests of the United States concurred in not overstocking the market, as they were entitled to the proceeds of the sales of the other moiety. 6. Such a pledge would have been much more strongly implied in behalf of the purchasers, or individual lot holders, the value of whose acquisitions might be affected in various ways by laying off the reservations into building lots.
But both and all claims must yield to the right of the

JANUARY TERM 1830.
*[Yan Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
United States, to dispose as congress may think proper, of that to which an unconditional title had been acquired; and the interests of all were'secured by the consideration that the government had a deeper interest than any individual could have in.the prosperity of the city.
7. It wds a fund reserved for the future improvements of the -ity. Improvements would be required, and tie quantity resLived lroves that this was the object of the reservation.
The attorney genbral then went into an examination of the practice which had prevailed under the acts of congress, in relation to the- city of Washington; and contended that it had been in accordance with the views- of the United States, as nov4 represented by him. He denied, that on any occasion, a constrdction different from that which he had given to the contract with the proprietors, and to the laws relative to the city, had ever been assented to by the government, or by their officers.
Mr Taney, for the appellants, in reply, contended; that whatever rights congress -or the government had in the property within the city of Washington, depended on the contraqt with the original proprietors, and not on their rights of sovereignty. The act of Maryland of 1791 is the act which was accepted by congress; and all the rights of sovereignty which can be exercised are derived from that act. They cannot be greater than those which ware possessed by the former sovereign'who granted them. If the United States accepted a cession with limited powers of sovereignty, they are bound by the limitations. They might'have refused the terms; but having accepted them, they are bound by them.
-The constitution of the, United States declares that con-
gress shall have exclusive legislation;but it does not require that the power shall be despotic or unlimited. It merely excludes the states from all interfering legislation.
.The act of 1791, sect. 2i passed by Maryland, limits the
power of congress, and declares'that" the cession shall, give them no other right in the land than may be transferred by the individuals. All the rights therefore which the United States bad or have in. the soil in the district must have been
VOL. IV.-2 I

SUPREME COURT.
[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
acquired by contract. They can acquire none by the exercise of sovereigh power; for they have surrendered that portion of sovereignty in this district, by accepting it upon the terms stated.
Deriving their rights from contract with the proprietors; under no provision in the same, nor under -the act of cession, could they condemn the land for public uses; for that would not be a transfer from the proprietor, but would be to acquire it without a transfer from him, and by a mere act of sovereign power.
MT however, the sovereignty of congress is not limited by the cession, yet the exercise of despotic power on this subject is restrained by the constitution; and if the law of 1822 was intended to seize on the private property of individuals, and dispose of it for public profit, merely for public gain, it would be contrary to the letter and spirit of the constitution, and be void. For if they may take it for such a purpose, they must give the owner of it a fair compensation; and they have no right to fix that compensation at what they may sell it for.
But the seizure of the property of an individual, merely to sell it to another to raise money for any purpose, can hardly be supposed to be authorised by any principles of a free government, and is in manifest opposition to the spirit of the amendment of the constitution. 2 Dall. 314.
But the act of 1822 has -no such object. It proposes to sell the right of the United States, and no more. It has no terms to divest the right of the individual owners, and obviously has no such design. It submits these rights to judicial decision, to be tried by the principles -of a court of equity. In submitting to such a trial and decision, they place themselves on the ground of contract, and waive any rights their sovereignty might give. For it would be absurd, indeed, to suppose that the United States gave to the court the mere power of hearing a cause, when that hearing could produce no judicial. result.
If congress by mere despotic power might seize and sell this property, without compensation to the owner, and' if their will be the only principle 'ofequity by which it is to

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
be decided; then all this controversy authorised by law' is nugatory. For in that case we have lost the land by seizure; and we are not entitled to payment for it, unless they will it, and as they do not will it in the law, we are sent to this highest tribunal to show rights which have no existence, as they have been extinguished by the despotic power of the sovereignty.
Thewhole frame of the act of congress shows that such is not the meaning of the law. The court are to decide according to the principles of equity; and what the equity may be depends on contract express or implied. The goverriment stands before this tribunal as a suitor;. having the same rights, and. subject to the same rul6s as an individual.
Assuming the questions in the case to depend on contract;
The agreement between the United States and the proprietors was entered into on the 12th of April 1791. The deed of conveyance was executed in July 1791. Before this agreement the site of the city was fixed.
There was no contract as to the location of the city with the proprietors. Every thing bad been done independently of the proprietors, and without their consent. The agreement was ambng -the proprietors themselves; neither the commissioners nor the president are parties to it. It does not purport to be entered'into in cousideration of the fixing of the city here, that was done; but, expecting immense advantages, they were willing to make liberal return.
The government are not therefore purchasers -forthis.consideration. -It was merely voluntary on both sides; both pdrties derived advantages, but not by the contract with.one another; and if there was no contraci, there was no purchase.
Neither, does the twenty-five pounds per acre paid for the public ground constitute them purchasers: The agreement and the deed must be taken together. The United States were not-'he founders of the city,.but the proprietors. The president was authorised by the United States to fix on this site for the seat of the government; and to accept such quantity of land as he should deem proper, for the use of the United States. In the plan of the city, and in the regulation

SUPREME COURT.
[Van Niss and Wife 6'. The City of Washington and United State6s.]
of the streets, he was the agent of the proprietors, not of the United.State.. Such was the'opinion of Mr Breckenridge, attorney gendral of'the United States. Burch's Dig. 337. Squares, public walks, and grounds for gardens, were re-served; not necessary and proper for the use of the-United
States. The deed executed-by the proprietors conveyed the land
absolutely and unconditionally, and without the.payment of any consideration. Nothing is required in retrn; nothing is reserve'd for the' land dedicated to the use of the United .States,u'nless it shall be obtaihed from the'sales of the lots to be disposed of under the contract. This is a deduction from' the donatioh of the proprietors.. Thus the squares cost the Uziited States'nothing. '
Had the Whole of the land of'any of the proprietors been laid. out in squares; he would have received n6thing for the same. The act of" 1791 'confirms this constructi6n of the contract, and 'was adcepled by congress.
These being-,the provisions,in the deed, the next-question is',what is the construction of the instruments by which these contracts were made,'! Was the absolute and unqualified
use given or conveyed; or was ihe use'for public purposes, as aistinguishedfrom private property .
And this question mainly depends on another. What was the character of the estate conveyed to Beall and Gantt! If it was a conveyance under the statute of uses, or was ,ah executed trust; the'.words mtist receive a technical construction. Ifean executory trust, it is otherwise. If it'is' such, is it to be construed by thd principles applicable "to such contracts?9 Preston on Estates, 186, 187. Fearne, 136, 137. No 'act oif the trustees can-change the -character of the trust or the rule of construction.
If Beall and Gantt have conveyed a diffdrent estate from the one 'uthorised, the conveyance gives no title beyond the trust. And the case is now to be considered, as-if the Oeurt of chancery 'were, ih the absehce of any conveyance, called on to direbt the proper deeds. It is to be executed now as it would have been the day after the contract wvas made; lapse of time has not altered'its meatiing.

JANUARY' TERM 1830.

269

tVan Wen and Wife.vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
Suppose chancery so called on, what would be the stipulatiOns direqted in the deed . The objects in view are manifest.
Suppose the government should have abandoned Washington, and fixed itself elsewhere; would they have been allowed to sell the squares q Suppose they abandon it in part instead of the whole, does it alter the principle .1
Upon the point that this was an executory trust, Mr Taney argued; that the conveyance to the trustees, Beall and Gantt, and by them to the commissioners, did not Vest the legal title to the public squares in the United States, but created a trust for their benefit. The trust being an executory trust, is to be carried into execution according to the intent of the party who created the trust. Fearne, 124, 136, 137. Preston on'Estates, 187, 188.
The deed from Mr Burns is'riot therefore to be construed by
technical rules, nor the words of it taken according to their .stricp legal interpretation; if such a construction appears from the whole case to be contrary to the intention of the grantor..
The United States are not asserting. a legal title in directing the sqpares to be sold. They are exercising a power as cestuisque trust over a trust fund; and the extent of their right in the fund they have submitted to judicial decision. And although the words'in the deed of Mr Burns might, in a conveyance of the legal estate under the statute, be held to pass the absolute and unqualified use in the.squares; yet in the interpretation of a trust ihe court will look to the real intention of the parties, and are not bound by the strict legal meaning of any particular words used in the instrument: . The United States have no rights except by transfer from
individuals. Act of 1791, sec. 3. Ins'ubmitting the right to judicial decision, they subject themselves to the rules which govern contracts with individuals.
Expounding the deed of Mr Burns on these principles, it may be safely assumed, that he intended to authorise Beall and Gantt to convey to the commissioners the squares and streets, for the purposes authorised by the act which fixed on Washington as the seat of the government. He did not mean to authorise a conveyance for any other purpose, nor of any

270

SUPREME COURT.

[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]

greater estate than the United States desired; for his deed refers to and recites the title of the law of congress.
The question then is, did the-law propose to purchase or accept as a donation the absolute and unqualified interest in -the land . or to obtain it for special purposes, and for certain specified uses!
The first proposition supposes that congress looked forward to a speculation in the land, and expected to gain by the rise of property. This Could not have been; and such a presumption is negatived by the terms of the acts of congress.
These different acts of congress have expounded the meaning of the words, "!properfor the use of the United States" 'in the act of 1790; and show for what purposes the president was authorised to accept or purchase land. His authority to accept or purchase land being a special one, and for special purposes, he could not accept or purchase for any other purpose; and.if he did, the grant would be void: He might accept donations of money, but not of land.
But the proprietor obviously intended to convey for the purposes mentioned in the law, and none other.
This is shown by the argument, proposed March 1791 accepted, April 1791 ; and by the deed of June 29; 1791. The deed refers to the act of congress, recites its ti)le, and uses the words of -the law, Streets are associated with squares, and to be conveyed to the use of the United States.
This being an executay trust, "the court may ascertain the meaning of-the grantor,"from th nature of the contract and the object bf the provision. 1 Prest. 187.
The object of the proprietor would not have been to allow the president to select all or any of the building lots at this price. He was to be paid out of the sales of the lots. There might not have'.been lots enough to pay him. Such an intention would have been the surrender of his whole property, without compensation and without motive.'
The contract then and now means the same thing; and if such a use of the power of selection, by the president, would have been at that time contrary to the intention of the
grantor, it is equally so now, Yet.we- are now. inquiriag what was the intention of the

JANUARY TERM IS30.
[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
grantor; and being a trust executory, it is to be executed according to that intention.
It is said that the United States paid its full value. There is no proof of that fact; and the fact is otherwise.
The consideration on which the squares were sold for twenty-five pounds, was, that the erection' of the public buildings, and the laying out of public walks, &c. would render the city a more agreeableand desirable place of residence, and enhance the price of the lots retained by the proprietor. If he was to retain no lots, or only the refuse lots, it does not by any means follow that he would have taken the twenty-five Rounds.
The very case on trial proves that such could not have been the intention of the proprietor. His lots no longer front on a magnificent square. He is cut off from the most
public avenue in the city. The United States are in no sense of the words purcha-
sers. The public squares are in truth, as has been stated, donations from the proprietors.
But if considered as purchasers, they yet purchase for a specific purpiose, and having made the contract, they' cannot depart from it. They cannot violate their contract. 5
Wheat. 642, 684, 695. The grantor is entitled to the execution of his contract,
whether he does or does not receive a consideration for it. And it matters not whether his contract is express or -implied; whether by way of trust or in.any other manner, as by mere dedication to-publie uses.
In the case of a'roador street, the same interest passes to the, public, and the same remains in the proprietor. Whether he is paid for it or not, no more passes than the party intended to grant. And if these squares were granted for specific public uses, and not to be converted into private
pxoperty, that trust, whether created for a valuable consideration or not, must be executed according-to the intention of the grantor.
The contract is one entire contract; and being executed in part, must be cxecuted throughout. Being an executory trust, it must be executed according to the intention of tile

272

SUPREME COURT.

[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
parties, whether made for a valuable consideration or not. Marriage is a valuable consideration, and is one class of the cases in which this principle is moat commonly applied.
Suppose a chancery court nbw called on by the United States to compel the trustees to execute the legal conveyances, what'would be the conditions and covenants' Would not the squares be made to revert to the grantor when the
uses ceased . The lots were pure donations; and equity would not ex-
tend the gift farther than the contract. It did not extend to squares.
Assuming that the public squares were granted for specific public purposes, as has been stated, the United States were the cestuis que trust for such purposes, and none others. The United States had a right to erect public buildings on them, and to make them public wElks or garcens; they were so far cestuis que trustj they were vot trustees fbr others.
As this was a trust for the bendfit of the United States, they had a right to renounce it.
The proprietors could not compel them to erect the public
edifices, or to lay out and ornament tfie public grounds. They had not bo'bnd themselves by contract to do so; they might or might not do it aL their pleasure. And they might renounce the trust intended for their benefit, and the tru'st would then end; it would. be extinguished.
The act of 1822 is a renunciation of the trust. They, the cestuis que trust, declare that they will not use it for the specific purposes for which it was conveyed. It is -not f" forfeiture. It is admitted that a trust is not forfeited by its abuse; it is not claimed as a forfeiture; but having renounced it, the trust, in their favour, by directing it to be converted into private property; tQ whom does the property belong? It goes to the heirs of the grantor. 4 Yes. 60. 9 Ves. 399. 5 Har. & Johns. 400. 4 Wheat. 39. Append. 15.
If the power exists any where, either in congress or else-' where, to convert these squares into building lots and private property, under the provisions of the original agreement and deed ; then, as soon as that power is exercised and the

JANUARY'TERM 1830.

273

LVan Ness and Wirevs. The City of Washington and United Sat(..!.
property so converted, the provisions and stipulations of that" agreement attach upon it, and the original proprietor'is entifled-to the one half: for whether the power given to.4ay off the building lots was exercised sooner or later, can make
no difference. If under the agreement and deed the power can be Tight-
fully exercised, the consequence of that exercise of, power must follow; and the original proprietor is entitled to one half of the lots so laid off, under-and by virtue of his agreement. The act of 1822 is obviously framed on this interpretation of the contract. It directs the corporation to sell the right of the United States, and then provides for a decision
on these rights. Congress. obviously supposed, when passing the lawthat
the United States had a 'ight in these lots. And if they had the power to convert the squares into private property under the briginal agreement and trdst, then they would have been tenants in comm6n with the proprietor, and entitled to sell the half and receiv.e the proceeds.
Upon the whole, if the United States had only the right to use these squares for specified purposes, and no right to change the use; if they were merely cestuis *que'trust; they have renounced the trust, and the whole belongs to the original proprietors; it reverts to the donor or grantor.
If, on the contrar'" they have the right to change the plan of the city and con ,t the square into building lots, then, whene;er this is done by a competent authority, acting under the contract, the proprietors are entitled to a conveyance
of one halt of the lots. The relief: In either view of the case the relief is com-
plete against the corporation. If the United States could not sell the half, or could not
sell the whole, they could give no right to the corporation to do so; and" we were entitled to a perpetual injunction
against them. 9 Wheat. 739. If the law of congress does not authorise the court to de-
cree against the United States as to the land itself, but only as to the money received on sale, then the bill may be djs-
Vol.. IV.-2 K".

274

SUPREME COURT.

[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
missed against them; and a perpetual injunction decreed against the corporation.
The great object is to have the rights of the parties adjusted, ahd. no doubt can be entertained that congress will faithfully carry into execution the principles settled by this court.
But the law of congress gives the court power to decree against the United States as to the land as well as the money. The act of 1822, sec. 6, authorises the party tb set out in his bill his title to the land. His bill, therefore, brings that question directly before, the court for decision, and imposes upon them the duty of deciding it; and if they must d6cide it, it follows that they must give the appropriate relief. And if the court come to the conclusion that congress had no right to sell the land, they can have no right to compel the party to accept money in lieu of it.
.The eighth'section of the act is only an enlargement of the power of the court. The proprietors might have assented to the sale, and offered to ratify it and acdept the proceeds.
The law of IS22 provided foithis contingency, in the eighth-section. It enabled the court to dispose, finally,.of the case, in what6vcr shape it should be presented to them.
Finally, it is a question between the government and'an individual, on a subject of the most interesting character: How.far may the government, by a new act of. legislation, deprive him of his rights of property, and of the remedy to iissert them 9 On such a question it may be assumed as certain, that the rights of the individual, whatever they may be, will be protected by this court. It is peculiarly one of those questions on which congress, with the best dispositions, are most liable to error. It is out of the usual scope of legislation. They cannot be expected to engage in minute investigation of titles. And they ought not to be held to have exercised wilfilly a despotic power, even ifthey possess it, for the purpose of depriving a private citizen of a full and adequate remedy for the wrong done him.
The act of '1822 isin a very different spirit, and requires the rights! of the parties to be devided bv the terms of the contract, and -notbypower..

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.1
As to the forms of this proceeding, it is hardly necessary to discuss them. It is the great object of all parties to understand their rights, and that is the great purpose of the whole proceeding. Enough appears on the record to enable the -courtto.decide on these. There does not appear, however, any well founded objection that can interfere with the relief we ask.
Mr Justice STotY delivered the opinion of the Court. This is an appeal from the decree of the circuit court of the district of Columbia, sitting at Washington, upon a bill in equity, in which the appellants were original complainants. On the 7th of May 1822 congress passed an act to authorise and empower the corporation of the city of Washington, in the district of Columbia, to drain the low grounds on and near the public reservations, and -to improve and ornament certain parts of such reservations. By that act the corporation were among other things to change, by contract with the proprietors of the canal, the location of such parts of the canal passing through the city as lay between second and seventh streets, west, into such course as should most effectually, in their opinion, drain and dry the low ground lying on the borders of Tiber creek; and to effectuate.this object, the corporation were further auth.orised; after hatving extended the public reservation designated on the plan of the city as number ten, so as the whole south side should bind on the line of Pennsylvania Avenue, and after having caused to be divided the said public reservation number ten, and also the public reservations numbers eleven and twelve into building lots ; to sell and dispose of the right of the United States of, in, and to, the said lots, or any iumber thereof, laid off as aforesaid, at'public sale, &c. &c. And the corporation was further authorised to cause to be laid off, in such manner as the president should approve, two squares south of Pennsylvania Avenue, &c.; and also to lay off north of Maryland Avenue, two uniform and correspondent squares; and ihe said four squares, when so laid off, to divide into building lots; and to sell and Uispose of the

276

. SUPREME COURT.

[Vap Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.1
right of the United States in such lots, &c.-&c. 'The proceeds of these sales were in the first place -tobe applied to the'purposes above mentioned, and in the next place'to incl~sing, planting, or otherwise improving certain public reservations, and building certain bridges,. &c. &c. ; and the surplus, if any, to go into the national treasury. The sixth section of the act then proviaes, "that it shall be lawful for" the legal representatives of any former proprieto.r of the land directed to be disposed of by this act, or persons lawfully claiming title under them, and 'they are hereby permitted and authorised, at any time within one year from the passing of this act, to institute a bill in equity, in'the nature of a petitionof right, against the United States, in the circuit court for the district of Columbia, in which they may set forth the grounds of their claim to the land in question."' The seventh section provides for the service of process, upon, and the appearance of the attorney general, &c. The eighth section provides, "that the said suit shall be conducted according to the rules of a court of equity. And the said court shall have full power and authority to hear and deteimine upon the claim, of the plaintiff or plaintiffs, and what proportion,if any, of the money arising.fromthe sale of the land herely directedto be sold, the parties may be entitled to." The ninth and last section of the act povides for an appeal to this court.
The plaintiffs- filed their bill iin the present'case within the time prescribed .by the act, making the United States and the corporation of the city of Washington parties. They claim title to the lands in controversy, which have been laid off into lots for sale, under David Burns, one of the original
proprigtors of the city, and of whom the plaintiff Marcia is the only daughter and heir. These lots embrace part of the
reservations above referred to, and also a part of the street
called B, according to the original plan of the city. The ground of the bill is, that by the original contract of the government with the proprietors, upon .the laying out of
the city, these reservations and streets were for ever to remain'for public use, and were incapable, without the con-
sent of the proprietors,-of being otherwise appropriated 'or

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washingtoa and United Stales.]
sold'for.privateuse; that the .act of 18220, authorising such sale, is a violation of the contract; that by such "sale-or-appropriation for private use, the -right of the United. States thereto was determined; or that the original proprietors" reacquired a right to c6nsider them in the same predicament adif originally -laid out for liuilding lots; or that, at all events. they were entitled, in equity, to the whole or a moiety of the proceeds of the sale, if the act of 1822 were valid for the purposes, which it professed to have in view.
Some-difficulty has arisen at the argument, from the peculiar structure of the bill ; it professing in some parts to seek relief .under~the act of 1822, and in other parts insisting Upon a title inconsistent with it; and demanding an injunction to prevent all sales of the rrd--by-the corporation. The bpinion of this court certainly is, that under the act ofl22, the plaintiffs can proceed.by a bill in equity in the nature of apetition of right against these the United States only for the money arising from the safes; and cannot claim a decree -for the land itself, or for any injunction against sales of it.
The view, however, of the case which we are disposed to take, renders it unnecessary to consider whether the bill is so framed that with reference to the act of 1822 the court could pass a definitive decree against the.United States upon it, from the incongruities alluded to.
As it is manifestly the interest and desire of all the parties to haVe an opinion upon the. merits, so as to put an end to the controversy; we shall waive all- consideration of .minor objections, and proceed at once to the consideration of the substantial ground of the claim.
Congress, by. an act passed on the 16th of July 1790, provided that a district of territory 'not exceeding ten miles square, to be located as therein directed, on the river Potomac, at some space between the mouths of the eastern branch and Conogocheague be,. and the saine was thereby accepted for the permanent seat of the government of the United States. Three commissionerswere by the same act. to be appointed, to survey, and by proper -metes and bounds to define and limit the district; and they were authorised to purchase or accept'such quantity of land on the eastern side

SUPREME COURT.
(Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
of the said river, within the said district, as the president should deem proper for the uve of. the United States; and according to such plans as the president should approve, the commissioners were to provide suitable buildings for the accommodation of congress, and of the president, and for the public offices of the government of the United States. A subsequent act, passed on the 3d of March 1791, authorised some alterations of the limits of fhe district. Suitable cessions of the jurisdiction and soil of the territory, subject to the private rights of pfoperty of the inhabitants, were made by the states of Maryland and Virginia(a). And the former act further provided for the removal of the seat of government to the distridt on the first Monday of December 1800. The limits of the district were accordingly ascertained and defined; as made known by the proclamations of the president of the 24th of January and the 30th of March 1791.
As yet no public designation had been made of the site of the federal city, which was contemplated to be laid out within the limits of the district, nor of the places on which the public buildings should be erected; nor indeed had there been any purchase or donation from any of the proprietors of lands within the district, by or to the commissioners for. that object. There cannot however be a 'question that various negotiations had been entered into with the proprietors, and informal proposals made by them with a view to obtain so important and valuable a boon as the location of the city within the boundaries of their estates. And it can admit of as'tittlequestion, that preparatory steps had been taken on the part of the government, to procure suitable plans for the laying out of the metropolis.
In this state of things nineteen of the proprietors of the land constituting the present site of the city of Washington, among-whom was David Burns, on the 30th of March 1791, entered into an agreement, which was presented to t:. con-
(a) See acts of Maryland of the 23d of December 1788, 19th of December 1791, 23d of December 1792, and of the 28th of December 1793. Act of Vir. ginia of the 3d of DMcenber 1789.

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
missioners as the basis of the terms on which -they were willing to dedicate their lahds for the location of the city. The agreement was accepted by the commissioners, and recorded in their books, If is in the following terms. " We, the subscribers, in consideration of the great benefits we expect to derive from having the federal city laid off upon our lahds, do hereby agree and bind ourselves, bur heirs, executors, and administrators, to convey in trust to the president of the United States or commissioners, or such persons as he shall appoint, by good and sufficient deeds, in fee simple, the whole of our respective lands, which he may think proper to include within the lines of the federal city, for the purposes and on the conditions following.. The president shall have the sole' power of directing the federal city to be laid off in what manner he pleases. He may retain any number of squares he may think proper, for public improvements or other public uses; and the lots only which shall be laid off,shall be. a joint property between the trustees in behalf of the public and each present proprietor. And the same shall be fairly and equally divided between the public and tie individuals, as soon as may be after the city shall be laid off. For the streets, the proprietors shall receive no compensation ; but for the squares or lands, in any form, which Shall be taken for public buildings, or any kind of public improvements or uses, the proprietors, whose lands are taken, shall receive at the rate of twenty-five pounds per acre, tor be paid by the public." There are some minor arrangements as to growing timber, and grave yards, &c., which are not necessary to be mentioned. It is material, however, to observe, that no,time or mode of payment is prescribed in the agreement of the twenty-five pounds per acre; and no fund out of which it was to be paid is designated. The agreement was merely preparatory, and to be carried into effect by formal conveyances.
Now, it is upon the terms of this agreement that the plaintiffs assert their title to relief in the present case. They contend, that though the whole land was to be conveyed, et" the portion of it which should be taken for streets and public reservations, according to the plan approved by the president, was clothed with a perpetual condition or trust that

280

SUPREME "COURT.'

['Van Ness and Wilb vs. The 'City bfVashington-and United States.]
they should for ever remain streets and public reservations, and never should be liable to be appropriated to any private, use; or changed from their original pultilic purpose. That upon any such change or appropriation th title reverted to the'original proprietors, or at all evehts, was to'be digposed of and divided between them in the inanner'ptovided for, 'in ;espect t6 the land laid off into lots. They'also contend,"thiat, the land so devoted to streets and'public. jeservations, was a mere donation from- the prop'rietors, 'and 'iot a' pur6hhtr6-by the United States; and therefore Qught:to'be'goveMedF 'by the rules applicable to ptibhe.charities, and"the trust strictly
construed and enforced.
It is notvery material,'in ohr 6pinion, to decide whatwa', the -technical character of the grants madeto" the. government; whether they are to.be demed mere dornitions 'or purchases. The grants were made for thle foudatiodi- df a federal'6ity; and the public faith was necessarily pledgbd when- the grants were 'accepted, to found such city. ,'The very agreemeht to found ,city was'-of itseif a most viltif-A ble consideration for these" grants. I-chahged thd nhttob and value of the property of the .ropff'tdrs to-an afmost incaiculable extent. The land was nolonger to bd devoted to mere agrictiltural purposes ; but acquired the extraordi-
nary value of city lots. In proporion to th6 sucess of the city would be the.enhaneerlent of-this value- and ii required scarcely any aid from the imagination to foresee, that this act of the government would soon corvert the natrow income of farms into solid opulence. The proprietors so considered it. In this very agreement they state the motive of their proceedings, in a plain and intelligible manner. It is not a mere gratuitous donation from motives of generosity, or public spirit; but in consideration qf the great benefits they, expect to derive from having the fiederal city "laid off upon their lands. For the streets they were to receive no compensation.' Why ?.Because those streets would be ofas
much benefit to themselves, as lot holders, as to the public. They were to receive twenty-five pounds per acre for the public reservations ; ,"to be paid" (as the agreement states it) "by the public." They understood themselves ther lo

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
receive payment from the public for the reservations. It makes no difference, that by the subsequent arrangements they were to receive this payment out of the sales of the lots which they had agreed to convey to the -public, in consideration of the government's founding the city on their lands. It was still contemplated by theni as ,a compensalion ; as a valuable consideration, fully adequate to the value of all their grants. It can, therefore, be treated in no other manner than as a bargain between themselves and the government, for what each deemed an adequate consideration. Neither considered it a case where all was benefit on one side, and all sacrifice on the other. It was, in no just sense, a case of charity; and was never so treated in the negotiatioas of the parties. But, as has been already said, it is not in our view material, whether it be considered as a donation or a purchase; for in each case it was for the foundation of a city.
And in construing this agreement, this fact should never be lost sight of. It is obvious, that the proprietors or their heirs could not be presumed for any great length of time to have any interest in the streets or public reservations beyond that. of other inhabitants. If the city became populous, the lots would be sold and built upon, and in the lapse of one or two generations, at most, the title of the original proprietors might well be presumed to be extinguished by sales or otherwise ; so that the interest of themselves or their heirs in the streets and reservations would hot be distinguishable from that of other citizens. They must also have contemplated that a municipal porporation must soon be created to manage the concerns, and police, and public interests of the city; and that such a corporation would and ought to possess the ordinary powers for municipal purposes, which are usually confided to such corporate bodies. Among these are certainly the authority to widen'or alter streets, and to manage, and in.many instances to dispose of public property,.or vary its appropriation.
They might, and indeed musti also have placed a"just con-. fidence in the government, that in founding the city, it Would do no act which would obstruct its prosperity, or interfere with its great fundamental objects Or interests. It could
VOL. I.-2 L

282

SUPREME COURT.

[Van Ness and.Wife vs. The City of Washington and Unfted State;.]
never be supposed that congress would.seek to destroy what its own legislation had created and fostered into being.
On the other hand, it must have been as obvious, that ad congress must for ever have an interest to protect and. aid the (;ity, it would for this veiy purpose be most impolitic and inconvenient to lay any obstructions to the most free exercise of its power over it. The city was designed to last in perpe.. tuity: capitoli immobile saxum. No human foresight could
take in the great variety of events which might render.great changes in the plan, form, and locations of the dity indispensable for the health, the comfort, and the prosperity of the city. Cases might easily be imagined, as in other cities,' where the desolations of fire have made alterations in the streets and public squares of a city, most important and, valuable to the whole comnmunity. A prohibition, which should for ever close.up the legisltive power of congress on such a subject, under all circumstances, ought not lightly to be-presumed, nor' readily admitted. It should be proved by the most direct and authentic documents, before we should admit the belief that the wisdom of the first president of the United States yielded up such a valuable franchise.
If the case had stood solely upon this preparatoryragreement, as an executory contract, there might have been stronger grounds to impose limitations, upon the grant of the streets ana public reservations. The language of the instrument is, that the president may retain any number of squares he may think proper for public improvements, or other public uses. Yet even then, the appropriation of these squares for public uses would not necessarily carry with it an implied obligation that they should for ever remain dedicated to those uses, and to none other. If such had been the intention of the parties, Wve should -naturally expect to find there some direct expression of it, some acknowledgement of the obligation, or some condition carrying it to such a political mortmain. If the stipulation was so important and valuable as is now contended for, and constituted an object of permanent solicitude, it would scarcely escape the notice of the pibprietors in laying down the fundamental basis of their cessions. If it did then escape them, we

JANUARY TERM 1830.

283

[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
should have reason to look for its incorporation into the more solemn instruments which were contemplated thereafter to be-executed by the parties, and were in fact-execuied by them in fulfilment of their original agreement. But no such stipulation is there fo be found.
On the 29th June 179 t, the proprietors severally executed deeds of indenture to consummate the agreement of the preceding March. They are all in the same form, and contain the same declarations of trust. That executed by David Burns conveys to Thomas Beall and John M. Gantt (the trustees designated by thd president) ail the lands of the proprietor within the bounds of the city upon the following trusts, viz. "that all the said lands, &.c. as may be thought necessary or proper to be-laid out together with other lands within the said limits for a federal city, with such streets, squares, parcels and lots as the president of the- United States, for the time being, shall approve.; and that the-said (the trustees), &c. shall convey to the commissioners, fo the time being appointed- by virtue of the act of congress, entitled, &c.. and their successors for' the use of the United States for ever, all the said streets, and such of the said squares, parcels and lots, as the president shall deefn properfor the use of the United States; and that as to the residue of the said lots into which the lands, &c. shall be divided, a fair anid equal division of them shall be made, and if no other mode of divisiori-shall be agreed on by coasent of the said (grantor) and the commissioners for the time being, then such residue of the said lots shall be divided, every other lot alternate, to the said (grantor), &c. and all the said lots which may in any manner be divided or
assigned to the said (grantor) shall thereupon, &c. be conveyed by the said (trustees) to the said (grantor), his heirs and assigns; and that the said other lots shall 'and may be sold at such time, &c. &c. as the president of the United states for the time being shall direct ; and that the said (irustees), &c. will, on the order and direction of the president, convey all the lots so sold, and ordered to be conveyed, to the respective purchasers in fee simple, &c. &c.
Provision is then made that the twenty-five pounds per acre,

284

SUPREME COURT.

[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
to be paid by-the United States for the squares, should be paid out of the proceeds of such saleg', and the residue shal"
be paid io the president, as a grant. of money to be applied
for the purposes, and according to the act of congress. Provision is also made for other objects, not material to
be mentioned, and for. a conveyance of the trust property to such other persons as the president might thereafter direct,
in fee; "subject to the trusts then remaining to be executed, and to the end that the same may be perfected." In pursuance of this last provision, Beall and Gantt, the trustees, made a conveyance of the premiseg by an indenture, dated the 30th -of November 1796, to certain commissioners appointed under the act of congress, subject to the trusts then
remainibg to be executed; and, among other things, conveyed
to the commissioners all that part of the lands, &c. which had been laid off into squares, parcels or lots for buildings,.
and now remaining so laid off in the city of Washington. Now it is important to observe, that the object of the, in-
denture to Beall and Gantt in 1791, was to carry into full and entire effect the preliminary agreement entered into by the proprietors. There is no pretence to say that that indenture has not fully carried that agreement into effect. There is no allegation in the bill of any mistake in the draft of the indenture, or that the instrument was not precisely what the parties intended it should be. The argument at the bar has not attempted to set bp any sich mistake as a. ground of equity. And indeed, after such a lapse of time, and acquiescence in its legal -.ccuracy aad sufficiency by all the parties; and after so many acts done under it, which have been.silently confirmed by the parties; it Would be impossible to insist upon any such mistake with-a chance of success. We must take the indenture, therefore, as we find it, as a complete execution of the preliminary agreement, and as expressing the true intent and definitive objects of the parties; The preliminary agreement then became, upon the execution of the indenture, functus officio, and was merged in tlhe more formal and solemn stipulations of the latter. It was no longer executory, but -executed. The indenture itself
contained many exedutory trusts; and so far as any of them

JANUARY TERM 1830.

285

[Van Ness and Wife vs. The City of Wasbington and United States.]
yet remain unexecuted, the instrument itself may still be denominated executory. But so far as the trusts have been fulfilled, as by the, conveyance of lots to the grantors, or'to purchasers, and especially by the conveyance of the streets and squares, &c. to the commissioners in 1796, the indenture canno longer be deemeu executory. Its functions have been final and complete.
We need not therefore inquire into the distinction taken in a court of chancery, between execntory and executed agreements; or into the extent to.Which its equitable jurisdiction will be interposed to reform instruments upon grounds of mistake, or to grant other relief r because the present bill presents no case falling under either predicament. Here we have a solemn instrument embodying the final intentions and agreements of the parties, without ariy allegation of mistake; and we are to construe thiat instrument according
to the legal-import of its terms. Now, upon such legal import, there do not seem grounds
for any reasonable doubt. The streets and public squares are declared to be cnveyed "for the use of the United States for ever." These are the very words which hy law are Tequired to vest an absolute unconditional fee simple in the United States. They are the appropriate terms of art, if we may so say, to express an unlimited use in the government. If the government were to purchase a lot of land for any general purpose, they are the very words which the conveyance would adopt, in order to grant an unlimited fee to the use of the government. Therd re no bther words or references in the instrument which control in any manner the natural meabing of them. There are no objects avowed
on the face of it,-which imply any limitation. How then can the court defeat the legal meaning, and rbsort to a conjec-
tural intent . It has been said, that by looking at the preliminary agree-
ment, the court will see that terms of a more limited nature are there used. Be it so. But will that justify the court in re,sorting to it to explain or limit the legal import of words in a solemn instrumin , which contains i0 reference to it 9 If we could resort to it, the natural conclusion would be, in the

286.

SUPREME COURT.

EVan Ness and Wife vs. The City of Washington and United States.]
absence of all contrary.proof, that the last instrument embodied the real intent of the parties ; that the preliminary agreement either imperfectly-expressed their intent, or was designedly modified in the final act. The general rule of law is, that all preliminary negotiations and agreements are to be deemed merged in the final, settled instruments executed by the parties; unless a clear mistake be established. In this very case, it may be true, for aught that appears, that, the president might have insisted upon the introduction into, the trust deed of the very words in controversy, to the use of the United States for ever, in order to avoid the ambi-
guity of the words of the preliminary agreement, He may
have required an-unlimited conveyance to the United States;
so that they might be unfetteyed in any future arrangements
for the promotion of the health, the comfort, or the prosperity of the city. But it is sufficient for us, that here there is a solemn conveyance, which purports to grant an unlimited fee
in the streets and squares, to the use of the United States ; and we know of no authority which would justify us in disregarding the terms, or limiting their import, where no mistake"is set up fnd none is established. It would, indeed, be almost ircredible that any substantive mistake should have existed, and never have been brought to the notice ot the trustees, or to that of the, commissioners, upon their succeeding to the trust; or seriously insisted on by any party, down to the time of filing the present bill. The.presentis not a bill to reform *acontract or deed ; but to assert rights supposed tQ grow out of the trusts declared in 'the deed.
This yiew of the matter renders it unnecessary for the court ,to go into an examination of the facts insisted upon in the answer to repel the allegations in the bill, or to disprove the equity which it asserts. If the United States possess, as we think they do, ari ufqualified fee in the streets and squares, that defeats the title of the plaintiffs, and definitively disposes
of the merits of the 4u se. It is the oplinion of the court, Mr Justice Baldwin dissent-
.pg, that .th decree of the circuit court, dismissing the bill, Sl affirmed with costs.

332

SUPREME COURT.

WILLIAM T. GALT A.ND OTHERs, APPELLA.NTS T8. JABins GAILO-
WAY, JUN. AND OTHERS, APPELLEES.
The possession of a warrant has always been considered at the land office in Ohio sufficient authority to make locations under it. Letters of attorney were seldom, if ever, given to locators ; because they were deemed unneces-
sary. [389] An entry could only be made in the name of the person to whom the warrant
was issued or assigned --so that the locator could acquire no title in his own name, except by a regular assignment. [339] When an entry is surveyed, its boundaries are designated, and nothing can be morexreasonable and just than that these shall limit the claim of the locator. To -permit hinr to vary his lines, so as to affect injuriously the rights of others subsequently acquired, would be manifestly in opposition to every principle of justice. [340] Since locations were made in the Virginia military diskict in Ohio, it has been the practice of locators, at pleasure, to withdraw their warrants, both before add after surveys were executed. This practice is shown by the records of the land offce, and is known to all who are conversant with these titles. The withdrawal is always entered on the margin of the original entry, as a notice to subsequent locators; and no reason is necessary to be alleged as ajustification of the act. If the first entry be defective in its calls, or if a more advantageous location can be made, the entry is generally withdrawn. This change cannot be made to the injury of the rights of others ; and the public interest is not affected by it. The land from which the warrant is withdrawn is left vacant for subsequent locators; and the warrant is laid elsewhere, on the shme number of unimproved lands. [341] As the records of the land office are of great importance to the country, and are kept under the official sanction of the government; their contents must always be considered, and they are always received in courts of justice as evidence of the facts stated. - [342] Under the peculiar system ofthe Virginia land law, as it has been settled in Kentucky, and in the Virginia- military district in Ohio, by usages adapted to the circumstances of the country, many principles have been established which are unknown to the common law. A long course of adjudications has fixed these principles, and they are considered as the sdttled rules by which these-military titles are to be governed. [343] N An entry, or the withdrawal of an entry, is in fact made by the principal surveyor at the instance of the-person who crntrols the warrant. It is not to be presumed that this officer would place upon his records any statement which affected. the rights of others, at the instance of an individual who had no authority to act in the case. The facts, therefore, proved by the records, must be.received as prima facie evidence of the righi of the person at whose instance they were recorded; and as conclusive, in regard to such things as the law requires to be recorded. [34.3]

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Galt and others vs. Galloway and others.]
No principle is better settled, than that the powers of an agent cease on the death of his principal:. [44]
A location made in the name of a deceased person is void ; as every other act done in the name of a deceased person must be considered. [345]
The withdrawal of an entry is liable td objection, subject to the rights which others may have acquired subsequent to its withdrawal having been entered in the land office. This is required by principles of justice as well as of law. [347]
APPEAL from the circuit court of Ohio. James Galt, as heir to his brother Patrick Gait, the ancestor of the complainants, on the 6th day of August 1787," made an efitry for military lands in the Virginia reservation, in the following words : "No. 610, James Galt (heir) enters one thousand dcres on part of a military warrant, No. 194, on the Miami river, beginning at the upper corner of Francis Wheeling's entry, No. 438, running up the river five hundred poles when. rediiced'to a straight line; thence at right angles with the general course of the river, and with Wheeling's line for quantity." Thp bill of the appellants stated that this entry was valid on the 15th of November 1796, and that a survey under the same was made thereon agreeably to its calls; 'that James Gait died intestate prior to the 2d of March 1807 ; and that posterior thereto Elias Langham, withoutyany authority from. James Gait or from the complainants, caused an entry of the withdrawal of four hundred acres to be made in the. books of the surveyor; the effect of which was to render the residue of the entry of such a shape as that it could not be legally surveyed, the law requiring that the breadth. -of a survey shall be one-third of its length. Subsequent to this withdrawal, the four hibndred acres which Langham attempted to have left Vacant thereby, were located by Galloway, by entries of three hundred acres in his own name, and one' hundred acres in that of Ladd, both of which were included in one survey made on the 18th of June 1808 ; but afterwards, on the 20th of July 1809, Galloway having caused the word "1error" to be entered on the face of the plats ofthe survey of 1808, had separate surveys executed in his own name and in that of Ladd, and also caused a survey to be made for himself of six hundred acres of James Galt's entry of August 1787 of

SUPREME COURT.
[Gait and others vs. Galloway and others.]
one thousand acres, the part of the same, to withdraw which. no attempt had been made by Elias Langham. A patent for the four hundred acres was obtained by Galloway; and he afterwards conveyed the land included in the same to different persons, who are made parties to the bill. The bill also stated that Thomas Baker resides on part of the one thousand acres, claiming title under Joshua Collet. That Collet claims title to part; thoit William Patterson is in possession of, claiming title to the residue ; and that Galloway refuses to withdraw the four hundred acres. The complainants say they cannot procure a patent for the six _hundred acres, without jeopardizing their title not only to the four hundred acres, but also to te six hundred acres ; and pray for.particular and general relief.
The answer of James Galloway, Jun. states, that Langham withdrew the four hundred acres of Galt's entry of one thousand acres*- and that he believes the withdrawal was author-ised, but knows hot by whom; and, that since the bill' was filed, he .has heard .the same was authorised by Westfall. The survey on the six hundred acres, the residue of Galt's entry, he says, .he executed and returned, and that he was at the time he made the same, a regular deputy under Anderson. He obtained a patent for three hundred acres of the land included in the patent, and sold the same.
Joshua Collet and William Patterson, in their answers, claim to hold title under Westfall; the same having been sold as his property for his debts or responsibilities. Patterson represents, that he believes Westfall made a contract with Gait for the whole of warrant No. 194, on a part of which his claim is founded; and that Westfall obtained patents in.his own name for other entries on the warrant, and sold them for his own benefit.
Elias Langbam answers, .that, at the request of Westfall, he withdrew the four hundred acres as charged. He believed Westfall purchased the warrant No. J94 from Gait, in his .life time. He considered himself in possession of the whole, as agent of Westfall, except one thousand acres transferred fo Mallow from 1797; and never heard of complainants' claim

JANUARY TERM 183u.
[Galt and others vs. Galloway and others.]
until after the death of Westfall. By order of Westfal1, he laid off the town of Westfall in Pickaway county, and sold several small tracts of land, part of warrant No. 194 ; and that he contracted with Westfall to withdraw and re-enter other lands, which entitled him to~six hundred acres.
Evidence was exhibited, intended to show that an impression prevailed generally that Westfall was- entitled to half of Galt's military land warrant. That Galt's warrant was put into Westfall's hands to locate land. The opinion of the court states such parts of the testimony and other facts of the case, as were considered made out by proof.
The circuit court of Ohio gaye a decree ,against the complainants, and they appealed to this court.
The cause was argued by Mr Irvin for the appellants, and by Mr Doddridge, contra.
For the appellants, it was contended: 1. That the entry in question of orie thousand acres, was originally good and valid. 2. That the original survey of one thousand acres, included the lands embraced in said entry. 3. That James Galt, in whose name the said entry and survey were made, died intestate; and that the appellants are his heirs at law. 4. ,That on the death of said Galt, a right to three thousand acres, part of warrant No. 194, and of the lands appropriated thereby, (which includes the lands in question,) vested in the appellants as-his heirs at law. 5. That their right to the lands in question is not destroyed by either: 1st. Langham's attempt to withdraw four hundred acres, part thereof; or 2d. The locations made in the name of Galloway and Ladd, on the part of said entry, so attempted to be withdrawn, and the surveys and patents on said entries; or 3d. The conveyances from Galloway to Stephenson, and the Gibsons, and from Ladd's executor to Wilson; or 4th. The conveyance bond executed by Westfall io Armstrong, and assigned by him to Davis, and by. Davis to Patterson; or

SUPREME COURT.
[Galt and others'vs. Galloway and others.]
5th. The proceedings in attachment against Westfall. and
the sale and conveyance to tollet. Mr Irvin argued-: that there was no legal evidence to show
that any authority had been given by Galt, the ancestor of the appellants, to any one, to withdraw his entry. The declaratiois of Westfall, that he hjad received such authority, were not evidence that it had been given; arrd the declarations-of an agent cannot-be -usedagainst his principal, unless within the scope and purpose of his authority. A power to 16cafe the entries, did not authorise their revocation; nor did it give to the agent the right to dispose of the property or make it his own. If any power was given by James Gait to Westfall or to any, other person, it should lie shown. He who asserts'it, must make it Out by.evidence. If the contents of the instrument, which is said to .have given the power, are to be proved by parol eA idence, its non-production should be accounted for. Cited, 8 East, 550. '7 Wheat. i54. Phil. 7.7, 79. 2 Taunt. 21.
The removal of the warrant arL entry was thus without authority. Langham-"acted under W~stfall; and Westfall had no authority to give to Langbiam, to do what was done by him. The whole of the proceedings of Langham were therefore void ; and no titles obtained under them can be valid against those whose legal and known rights were in-fringed by the fraudlulen't contract of pretended ugents.
Affer the survey was made, the warrants became functi officio: the warrant merges in the survey, if the survey was authorised; but not otherwise. 1 Ohio Rep. 225. 3 Marsh. Ken. Rep. 501, 96-. I Marsh. 129, 144. - Hardin, 567.
Can the defendants avail- themselves of want of notice '. The assignee of an equity is in no better condition than the assignor, and there is no proof in the case that Westfall owned an acre of the land. Cited 6 Wheat. 560. 1 Marsh. 144.
Mr Doddridge, for the defendants, contended, 1.That upon the whole case, the complainants have shbwn
no-title in themselves.

JANUARY TERM 1830.
EGalt and others vs. Galloway and others.]
2. As to Galloway and those claiming under him, that the four hundred acres being actually withdrawn on. the surveyor's books, vacated that quantity of the" original entry: that they were not bound to look beyond the record; and are innocent purchasers, without nqtice.
3. That owing to the particular position of the one thousand acre entry, the withdrawal of four hundred acres necessarily left vacant the part located by Galloway.
The appellants have slept too long on their rights, if any existed. The bill was filed in 1821, and they have suffered too long a period to elapse without compla.int, on their part, of those proceedings wl)ich are now claimed to be void. Und er those proceedings sales had been made; bona fide titles for a full and valuable consideration had been acquired by the defendants; all of which are to be vacated and defeated, if the claims of the appellants prevail. He contended; that as to the four hundred acres, the conduct of the surveyor, in withdrawing this part of the'itirvey, was in accordance with a practice of universal prevalence; nor was it-required by the law of Virginia that, to transfer a warrant, a regular assignment of it should be made., This principle was recognized by this court, in the case of Bonldin and Wife vs. Massie's Heirs et al. 7 Wheat. 122. It may, therefore, be well presumed, that the acts of Westfall were authorised that he had anhinterest in the warrants; and, therefore, what was done by'La'ngham was correct. When an entry is.made on the books of the office, by the principal surveyor, it must be supposed valid; especially at a great distance of time; unless the cortirary be plainly proved:
The land law of Virginia, which regulates this cae, does not support the position, that a warrant surrendered is functus officio. 7 Wheat. 23.. Vir. Laws, 326, sec. 19,24, 82, 42, 38.
Mr Justice M'L.Au delivered the opinion of the Court: This~suit is brought totthis court, by an appeal from the circuit court of the district of Ohio. The complainants claimed through their ancestor, James Gait, one thousand acres of land, under a military warrant
VoL. IV.-2 S

SUPREME COURT.
[Gait and others vs. Galloway and others.]
obtained by him, as heir to his brother, Patrick Galt. The entry'was made on the 6th oT August 1787, as follows: "No. 610,'James Gait, heir, enters one. thousand acres on part of a militptry warrant, No. 194, on the Miami river:, beginning at the upper corner of Francis Whiting's entry, No. 438, running up the river-five hundred poles, when reduced to a straight line; thence~at right angles with the general course of the river, ahd with Whiting's line for quantity."
On the, I6th of November 1796, the entry was surveyed agreeably to its calls, and the survey'was recorded on the 31st of May 1798. James Galt died inte'state in 1800. In 1805, Elias.Langham, under the authority, as he alleges in his answer, of Westfall, who vade. the original entry, withdrew four hundrdd gcres of the warrant, on this entry,'and located the same number ofr acres at another place, in the name of James Gait, heir, &c.
The four hundred acres left vacant by this withdrawal, were located by James Galloway, Jun.; three hundred acres of which were entered in his own name, and orle hundred acres in the name of J. Ladd. These'entries were surveyed .n the 20th of July 1809, after Galloway had caused to be made a survey of the six hundred acres, which remain'ed of the entry in the name of Gait. A patent was isiucd on the entries and surveys of Galloway, and he 'has conveyed to four of the defendants, each,,one hundred acres. Thomas Baker and William Patterson are in possession of;. and claim title to the six hundred acres in the name of Galt. Baker's claim originated by' a sale under an attachment against Westfirl ; and'Patterson's by a purchase from him: but-he does not appear, from the facts in the case, to have had any interest in the land.
There is no evidence that Galloway had any agency in the withdrawal of a part of the entry, as stated by Langham. The complainants allege, that the withdrawal of the four hun'dred aces will invalidate the residue of the entry - as a survey, agreeably to.its calls, will give the six hundred acres an illegal form. They pray for such general and particular relief, as the nature and circumstances of tl~eir case may require..

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Galt and others vs. Galloway and others.]
It is contended by the defendants' counsel, that no relief .can be given against the defendants, who claim title to the six hundred-acres ; as by the facts stated in the, bill, it clearly appears, they have no title either equitable or legal.- That the sale under the ittachment could convey no title to Collet, as Westfall had no claim whatever to the land; and that Baker and Patterson, who are now in possession, must be considered as trespassers. These occupants can be considered in no other light by the court than intruders i and the remedy against them 'is at law, and not in ciancery. No decree could be made against them, unless it be, that they should deliver possession of the premises; and to obtain 'this, the action bf ejectment is the appropriate remedy.
Jurisdiction of this branch of the cause cannot be taken as an. incident to the other, for it does not appear that the withdrawal of the four hundred 'acres will destroy the entry for the residue; and if it did, itwould only be necessary to relieve against the defendants who held the legal title, to re-' store to the complainants the means of perfecting their title to the six hundred acres.
It appears, that a land warrant, numbered one hundred and ninety-four, for six thousand acres, was issued to James Gait, heir at-law and legal representative ofPatrick Galt; deceased. That this warrant was placed in the hands of Westfall, who located it on various tracts of land, including the tract'in controversy.
In 1798, three thousand acres of this. warrant were assigned. by Galt to Westfall. The assignment was made on three surveys, which had been executed under these entries; one of these surveys was assigned by Westfall to Adam and Henry Mallow, and on all bf them patents have been issued.
The possession of the warrant by Westfall is the only evidence of his right to make the locations;, and this has been uniformly considered, at the land office. as a sufficient authority. Letters of attorney were seldom, if ever, given to locators ; because they were deemed unnecessary.
The entry could only.be made in the name of the person to whoni the warrant was issued or assigned ; so that the

SUPREME COURT.
[Galt and others vs. Galloway and others.]
locator could acquire no title in his own name, except by a regular assignment.
The power of Westfall to make the location is not contested ;.but the validity of the withdrawal is denied by the complainants, on two grounds:
1. That the warrant had become merged in the survey, and could not be withdrawn.
2. That Langham had no power to withdraw it. Several authorities have been referred to in support of the first positioin. Much reliance is p!aced on the decision in the case of Estill and others vs. Hart's Heirs, reported in* in Hardin, 567. In their opinion the court in that case say, that, "whatever doubts might be raised as to the pbirticular time at which the warrant shall be said to be merged in the survey; whether from the time it is approved by the chief surveyor and recorded, or from the time it was delivered out to the owner; or from the end of three months after making the survey ; we conceive the case clear, that, after registerIng, the warrant was no longer an authority -to any surveyor to receive an entry or make another survey." The right of withdrawing a warrant, after h survey had been executed, was not involved in this case. Two entries were made by Hart; one in 1780, the other in 1782; and both were surveyed in 1.784. Boon subse*quently entered land adjoining these surveys. Some years after this w-s done, Aj s executor and one of his heirs caused another survey to be made of the entries of his ancestor, which, varying from the former surveys, covered a part of Boon's land. The court decided, and very properly, that the second survey was void. When an entry is surveyed, its boundaries are designated, and nothing can be more rea-" sonable and just than that these shall limit the claim of the locator. To permit him to vary his lines so as to affect injuriously the rights, of others subsequently acquired, would be mhnifestly in opposition to every principle of justice. In the case of Loftus and others vs. Mitchel, 3 Marsh. 598, it is laid down by the'court, that a survey mdde by a person without the. authority of the owner of the entry, does

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Gait and otheis vs. Galloway and others.]
not merge the warrant. The same principle is recognized in the case of Galloway's Heirs vs. Webb, 1 Marsh. 130. In the case of Taylor vs. Alexander, 3 Marsh. 501, the court decided that a second survey of the same entry was void.
It will be perceived, that none of the authorities cited sustain the position that a warrant cannot be withdrawn after the survey has been executed and recorded. If the warrant merge in the entry, and the entry in the survey, as laid down in some adjudications; 'and if the warrant, being once merged, is beyond the control of the owner; an entry, equally with a survey, would prevent a withdrawal of the warrant.
Since locations were made in the Virginia military district in Ohio, it has been the practice of locators, at pleasure, to withdraw their warrants, both before and after surveys were executed. This practice is showr] by the records of the land office and is known to all who are conversant with these titles.
The withdrawal is always entered on the margin of the original entry, as a notice to subsequent locators; and no reason is 'necessary to be alleged, as a justification of the act. If the first entry be defective inits calls, or if a more advantageous location can be made, the entry is generally withdrawn.
This change cannot be made to the injury of the rights of others, and the public interest is not affected by it. The land, from which the warrant is withdrawn, is left vacant for subsequent locators ;-and the warrant is laid elsewhere, on the same number of aeres of unappropriated land.
In the case of Taylor's Lessee vs. Myers, reported in 7 Wheat. 23, one of the questions considered and settled, was, "can the owner of a survey, made in conformity with his entry, and not interfering with any other person's right, abandon his survey after it has been recorded ." The chief justice, who delivered the opinion of the court, says ; "it seems to be an ingredient in the character of.property, that a person who has made some advances towards acquiring it, may relinquish it; provided the rights of others be not affected by such relinquishment. This general principle

SUPREME COURT.
[Galt.and others os. Galloway and others.]
derives great strength from the usage which has prevailed among these military surveys. The case states, that it has been customary, ever since the year 1799, to withdraw surveys after they have been recorded. The place surveyed has, of course, been considered as having become vacant; and has been appropriated by other warrants, which have been surveyed and carried into grant."
In that case the court did not decide, because it was unnecessary to do so, that the warrant thus withdrawn could again be located ; but this would follow as a matter of course. If the withdrawal leave vacant the land entered, the warrant remains unsatisfied, and may be again located on any other unappropriated land.
It appears, therefore, that the righi of the owner to withdraw his warrant, after the survey has been executed -and recorded, is clear, both on principle and authority.
The power of Langham to make the withdrawal, is the next point to be considered.
Possession of the Warrant, as has oeen shown, is a sufficient authority to make the location, and it will not be questioned, that the locator may amend his entry, by changing its calls. If he may do this, he may withdraw it, and make a nev lodation. The control which he must necessarily exercise over the warrant, cannot, consistently with the interest of the owner, be limited to the first attempt at making an entry. If that attempt be imperfect, or if the selection of the land be less advantageous to his employer than it might b6, there is no reason why he should not change the entry. The authority necessarily extends to the withdrawal, as fully as to the location, and such has been the' uniform construction of the power of the locator. Confidence is reposed in his knowledge and discretion, and he has only to act in good faith to bind his principal.
The register of the land office keeps a record of all entries and surveys; and on his official certificates patents are issued by the government. His records are always under his control ; and all entries made in them are made by himself, or by a person autlorised to act for him.
As the records of this office are of great importance to the

JANUARY TERM 1830.
'[Galt and others vs. Galloway and others.]
country, and are kept under the official sanctions of thegovernment, their contents must always be consid.red, and they are always received in courts of justice as evidence of the facts stated.
If a different rule were now to be established, and every act of the locator, in making an entry or withdrawing it, must be shown to have been done under a formal letter of attorney,*it would destroy, in all probability, a majority of the titles not carried into grant.
Under the peculiar system of the Virginia land law, modified as it has been in Kentucky, and in the Virginia military district in Ohio, by usages adapted to the circumstances of the country, many priiciples have become established which are unknown to the common law. A: long course of adjudications has fixed these principles, and- they are considered as the settled rules by which these military titles are to be governed.
An entry, or the withdrawal of an entry, is in fact made by the principal surveyor, at the in.stance of the person who controls the warrant. It is not to be presumed, that this officer would, place upon his records any statement which affected the rights of others, at. ihe instance of an individual who had no authority to act in the case. The facts, therefore, proved by these records, mast be received as prima.facie evidence of the rig!it of the person at whose instance they were recorded, and as conclusive in regaird to such things as the law requires to be recbrded.
It will be in the power of an individual to rebut this presumption of authority in a person whose acts have been injurious to him and were. unauthorised, by an exhibition of facts and circumstances.,
In the case of Moore and others vs. Dodd and others, reported in t Marsh. 140, the withdrawal of an entry by administrators was declared to be-void; as the right had descended to the heir, and the administrators had no control over it. That the withdrawal in that case was made at the instance of the administratots, appeared from the entry on the record..
Langham, in his answer, states, that he made the withdrawal of the'four hundred acres; by the auihority of West-

SUPREME COURT.
[Galt and others vs. Galloway and othira.j
fall. This withdrawal was .made eighteen years after the date of the entry, and nineyears after the survey was executed. So great a lapse of time from the entry to the withdrawal, is a circumstance-which must be considered as shaking the right of the locator ; which depends, alone, upon his having located the warrant.. In this case, there is Po posi.' tive evidence that Westfall, after the entry, exercised any agency. over the landin the payment of taxes, or in any other manner, until this withdrawal took place on the application of Langham.
The survey which was executed by O'Connor in 1796, does not appear to have -been done at the instance of Westfall; though, from his having made the entry, he may be presumed to have directed the survey.
From the answer of Patterson it appears that Westfall sold the three hundred acres claimed by him to one Davis, in the year 1806, and gave a bond with security for a title. It is now apparent that he had no claim to any part of the land in controversy. The right to the warrant for six thousand acres, by assignments on the surveys for three thousand acres, which seems to have been urged in the court below, is abandoned by the counsel in the argument here; and the power to withdraw the four hundred acres is rested on the first location of the warrant.
In the absence of any proof of right,. the sale of a part of this tract by Westfall is an evidence of bad faith on his part' and.tends to throw suspicion over the act of withdrawal. It is a well settled principle, that the locator, as such, has no right to sell the land.
It is in proof, that James Gali, to whom the warrant issued, and in whose name the locations under it were made, died in 1800. The withdrawal was made in 1805; and the
question is presented, whether the decease of the owner of the warrant puts an end to the power of the .locator.
No principle is better Settled, than that the powers of an agent cease on the death of his principal. If an act of agency be done, subsequent to the decease of the principal, though his death.be unknown to the agent, the act is void.
On the death of James Galt, the land in controversy de-

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Gait and others ms.Galloway and others.]
scended to his heirs ; and there is no proof that they authorised Westfiall to act in their behalf.. If he had the power to withdraw any part of the warrant, it must haye been dvrived from the single circumstance of his having had the control of the warrant when the entry was made.
Under ordinary circumstances, this power, as has been shown, would be sufficient. But it is a power which may be revoked or terminaied by circumstances. The possessi,'n of the warrant is tantamount to a letter of attorney to make the-entry, to alter or withdraw it, and to-diiect the survey but it there no limitation when this authority under the warrant shall cdase 9 Can it be safely considered as investing the locator with a higher power than a letter of attorney 9
If the authority be in the nature df a power of attorney, and subject to the same principles of law, it ceased on the death of Galt. On that event, new interests sprung up which could not be controlled by the agent of .the deceased. In the case of Hansford vs* Minor's Heirs, reported in 4 Bibb, 385, the court decided; that, "after the d.eath of Minor, as the law then stood, it-was clearly irregular to survey the'entry and obtain the grant in his name: but as he at that time had a devisable iiiterest in the land, upon his decease that interest passed to Nicholas, the father of the appellees, and consequently the title ought regularly to have been perfected in his name."
By a statute of Kentucky, passed in 1792, lands granted to deceased persons descended to their heirs or devisees.This statute is not in force in Ohio, so as to give validity to the location in. the name of James Galt of the -four hundred acres withdrawn by Langham. This location having been made in the name of a deceased person, is believed to be void; as every other act done in the name of a deceased person must be considered.
An entry made in the name of a dead man is a nullity; as appears -from the d-cision in the case of M'Cracken's Heirs vs. Beall and Bowman, reported, in'3 Marsh. 210: but such an entry in Kentucky, under the statute of '1792, enures to the benefit of the heirs of the deceased.
There is no pretence that the withdrawal was made under
VoL. IV.-2 T

SUPREME COURT.
[Galt and others vs. Galloway and others.]
any authority from the heirs of Galt; such a presumption would be rebutted by the subsequent location of the four hundred acres, in the name of the deceased. An attempt' has been made to show that the heirs of James Galt claim all the lands in Ohio entered in his name; and among other tracts, the four -hundred acres located by the withdrawn warrant. But no other proof of the fact has been adduced, except the vague declarations of David Collens, an .alleged agent of William T. Galt, who acted for the other heirs; and these are not evidence. If the heirs had sanctioned the withdrawal, by claiming the new location, it would render the act valid: and if such evidence be in the power of the defendants, it should have been produced.
As the heirs are residents of another state, the lapse. of time does not raise a very strong presumption against them.
No doubt can exist that Langham, in making the withdrawal, acted without authority; aud the question is presented, whether an act thus done shall bind the owners of the. entry.
There is much plausibility and force in the argumefit, that the entry of a withdrawal on the *record, being notice to subsequent locators, must be held valid, though done with.out authority, in favour of rights subsequently acquired, without notice of the improper withdrawal.
The law requires the principal surveyor to record entries and surveys ; these, and any other matters which the law requires to be recorded, must be received as conclusive of the. facts ; and parol evidence cannot be received to invalidate them, unless fraud -be shown. But the law does not require the withdrawal of an entry to be recorded. This is an act-of the party, rendered essentially necessary to the regularity of entries; but it cannot be considered of as high validity as the-record of an entry or survey.
It operates as a notice to subsequent locators, and. must be received as prima facia evidence of the right of the person who caused the withdrawal to. be made. But ufiless the law had required the principal surveyor to judge of the authority by which the warrant is withdrawn. and to make

JANUARY TERM 1,930.

347

[Galt ana others vs.Galloway and others.]
the withdrawal on his record, can it bie considered as conclusive !
The principal surveyor may enter a withdrawal, as was done in the case under consideration, at the instance of an individual who has not the shadow of authority. If entries and surveys may be destroyed in this manner, they must be considered of little value., On the other hand, if the authority of the person who-withdraws the warrant may be contested under any circumstafices; entries subsequently made may be annulled.
In the latter case, however, it is always in the power of the locator, when he is about to enter a tract from which a warrant has been withdrawn, to ascertain at whose instance the withdrawal was made;. and this fact willenable him to investigate the authority.under which the act was done. If the withdrawal was 'made by the owner of the warrant or the person who located it, the authority would be unquestionable. In the latter case, a.great lapse of time might create doubts whether the power of ihe locator had not terminated, and this would lead-to particular inquiry.
If it appeared that the warrant had been withdrawn by a stranger, should not that circumstance put the subsequent locator on strict inquiry . He has the means of guarding 'his interests by reasonable diligence; and this the law always
imposes. 'But the owner of the original entry, if it may be with-
drawn without authority, has no means by which his interests can be protected. The principal surveyor is not under his control ; nor, by the usages of the office, is he answerable to him. for damages. It seems, therefore, that the'principles of justice, as well as of law, require the ict of withdrawal to be liable to objection, within the limits above
prescribed. As the withdrawal in this case was without authority, it
was a void act; and consequently no right was acquired by the subsequent location.
The decree of the circuit court must be afiirmed, so far as relief is denied against Baker and Patterson, who are in possession of the six hundrecd acres ;.and reversed, as to the

SUPREME COURT.
[Galt and others vs. dalloway and otbers.]
other defendants; and the cause is remanded to the circuit court, with instructions to decree, that William Wilson, Andrew Gibson,. Matthew -Gibson, and-William Stephepson, do, on or before the first.day of November 'next, execute to the complainants, jointly 'or severally, a release of their interest in the prcrhises ; provided before that time they shall have been paid for their improvements, under the statute of Ohio... And the- circuit court is hereby directed to proceed to ascertain the value of such-improvements, agreeably. to the above statute "each -party to pay his-own costs in this court.
This cause chme on to be heird on the transcrilit of the record from the cir6uit- court ofIthe, Vnlted States, foe the district if .Ohio, and was argued by cotingel ;- on cdnsideration whereof,-it isordered, adjudyed 5and. decreed by'this court, that the decree of the said circuit'cobrt in.this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed, so,.f ras relief is denied by the said'c6urt against Baker and Patterson, who-are in possession of the six hundred acres of.lanai ;-and. that the said decree of the said circuit court in'.this cause.be, and'the" same is hereby reversed as to the:-other'defendirnts. Aid- it is further'ordered by this court, that this cause'be,.and t he same is hereby remanded to.the said circuit court, with Instructions to decree; that William Wilson, Arydrew Gibson, Matthew Gibsbn, arid William Stepherison, dd, on or before the first day of November of. the year of our lord eighteen hundred, and thirty,, execute to the complainants, jointly or severally, a release bf'their interest -inthe premises; provided, thal before' that time they'sh'all ave bee, paid.'for -their.improvements,. under the statute of Ohio; And that the said circuit court-be, and the same ]s hdreby directed-to :proceed. to ascertain the.value of such improvdments, agreeably to the above statute.. And 1hai the said court dd ind - act further in.the premises -as to law and justice may appertin.- .Aridit isfurther ordered by this couit, that eatonparty respectively in this cotirt pay his own costs aceruiig-in this court.

JANUARY TERM 1830.

893 ,

SARAH SPRATT, AD=N=RTATiX OF JAxEs SPRATT, APPELLANT,
v.. THO.AS.SPRATT, APPELLEE.
The second section of the act of. congress '.to establish an uniform system of naturalization," passed in 1802, requirea that every person desirous of being natuialized, shall make report of himselffio the clerk of the district court of the district where he shall arrive, or some ofher court of record in the United States ; which report is to be iecorded, and a cerlifcate of'the same given to such alien ; and "whiclf certificate shall be exhibited to the court by every alien who moy arrive in the United States after the passing of the act, 6n his application to be naturalized; as evidence of the time of his arrival within the United States." James Spratt arrived in the United States after the passing of this act, and was under the obligation to report'himsdif according to its provisions. The law does not require that the report shall have been made five ylears before the application for naturalization. The third condition of the first section of the law, which declares that the court admitting an alien to become a citizen "shall be satisfied that he has resided five yeis in the Ustited States," &c. does not prescribe the ividence which shall be satisfactory. The report is reqtfired -by the law to be exhibited on the application for naturalization, as evidence of the time of arrival in the United States. The law does not say the report shall be the solo evidence; nor does it require that the alien shall report himself within any limiited time after arrival. Five years may intervene between the time of arrival and the report, and yet the report be valid. The report is undoubtedly-conclusive evidence of the arrival ; but it is not made by the law the only evidence of that fact. [406]
Jawes Spratt was admitted a citizen of the United States by the circuit court for the county of Washihigton, in the district of -Columbia, and obtained a certificate of the same in the usual form. The act of the court admitting James Spratt as s citizen, was a judgment of the. circuit out; 'and this court cannot look behind it, and inquire on what testimony it was pronounced. [406]
The various acts on the-subject of naturalization, submit the decision upon the right of aliens to courts of record. They are to receive- testimony, to compare it with the law, and to judge on both law and fact. If their judgment is entered on record, in legal form, it closes all inquiry; and like any other judgment is complete evidence of its own validity. [408]
The act of the legislature of Maryland of 1791, which authorises the descent to alien heirs of lands held by aliens under "deed or will," in that part of the district of Colunbia which was ceded to the "United States by the state of Maryland;does not authorise the descent to such heirs of land, in that part of the district, which was purchased by an alien at a sale made under an order of the court of chancery, and for which no deed was executed before the purchaser became a citizti of teUnited States, or before his decease. [408]
THIS case came before the court from the circuit court
for he county of Washington, in the district of Columbia,
on a case stated in that court.
VOL. V.-2

SUPREME .COURT..
[Spratt vs. Spratt.]
The plaintiff,. Thomas Spratt, instituted in the circuit court an action of replevin, the defendant, as the administratrix of James Spratt, having levied a distress on the property of the plaintiff, for rent claimed to be due for a house 9ccupied by him in the- city of Washington, and to which he claimed title in himself, and in the brothers and sisters of 'James Spratt, deceased. It was agreed, by the counsel, that the title'to the house and lot.' of ground upon which the same is erected,-should be determined upon the following stated facts:
Thomas Spratt, Andrew' Spratt, Sarah Spratt and Catha-rine'Spratt, are brothers and- sisters of the whole blood of James Spratt the intestate, and are natives of Ireland, and subjects of the king of Great Britain, and were not, before the institution of this suit, naturalized as citizens of the United States; and but one of them, Thomas Spratt, and the de-
ceased,.James Spratt, ever came to the United States. James Spratt was also. a native of Ireland, and came to the United Statessome time before the lSih of June 1812; from which time he continued to reside in the United States until March 1824, when he died wi thout issue, leaving Sarah Spratt his widow, who became the admini3tratrix to his estate.
James Spratt, on the _17th of May_ 1817, appeared iix the circuit court of the district of Columbia for the county of Washington, and bef9re the court made the declaration on oath required by the first condition of the first section of the act to establish an uniform system of naturalization, &c.. passed the 14th of April 1802 - which proceeding was recorded in the minutes of the cour.t's procepedings, and a 'certificate thereof, .under the hand of the clerk and the seal of the court, on the same day given, to James Spratt; he having, on the i4th of April then next preceding, made report of himseff to the clerk of 'the circuit court,'as tated in the certificate ; w.hich report was recorded in the oflice of the. said clerk, and the certificate of sucb report and registry, and of the declaration on oath, having been granted by the clerk to. him. On the I 1th of October 1821,. James Spratt made application to the said circuit court to be admitted a citizen of the United States; and was, on the same day, ad-

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Spmtt ss. SpraW.]
mitte l'by the court to become a 'citizen of the 'United States, as appears by the record of the proceedings of the court, upon the matter of the said- application: a certificate whereof,- under the hand of. the clerk, 'and the--seal of the court, was afterwards given 'by the clerk to him, and is part of the case.
Sarah Spratt was 'alio a native of 1reland,and a xative-
born subject of the king of England; she emigrated to the United States before lames .Spratt, 'and hasq con'tinually, from the time of her emigration, resided in the. United States; and before his naturalization was lawfully married to him, and lived with him as his lawful wife, from their marriage til his deathi in March 1824, and was his wife at and before the time of lAis said-naturalization ; but has not been naturalized as a citizen of the United States pursuant to the act of congress, unless so naturalized by'the naturalization .ofher husband.
,On the 9th of June 1825, the plaintiff and his brothers and sistbrs, claiming as heirs at "law of 'James Spiatt, brought their action of ejectment'in this court, against Sarah Spratt, to recover possession of sundry of the. lands and tenements whereof James Spratt died seised in fee, not including the messuage and tenement in this suit : in which suit (the same having been duly prosecuted and put to issue) such proceedings were had, that the title of Thomas Spratt was duly Aubmitted to the 'consideration. and judgment of the court, upon q case agreed and stated between the parties, to be taken and considered as a special verdict; upon which the court gave judgment for S~rah Spratt; whereupon a writ of error wap sued out to the supreme court of the United States, where the judgment was re-examined, as appears in I Peters, 343; which is part of the case.
In the matter of a suit in the circtlit court of .the county of Washington, by one of the creditors of Simon Mefide, deceased-, Joseph Forrest was appointed to make sale of certain real estate of Simon Meade, and after having set up the same for public sale, to return the sale to the court for' cofirmation'; qnd having on-the 21st day of May 182i, set

SUPREME COURT.
[Spratt vs. Spratt.]
up the estate on terms specified,,by which the purchase
money was- to be paid in four ihistalments, at six, twelve,
eighteen and twenty-four months, and that a conveyance of the property should be made to the purchaser on the ratification of the sale by the court. The house and lot in question, in this case, were purchased by James Spratt; and on the 21st October 1821, the trustee returned the sale to the court. On the 24th of December 1822, an interlocutory order was made.'for the ratification of the report of the sale; and in January' 1824, a final ratification of the sale was passed
by the court. James Spratt, after his naturalization, and not before, paid
the purchase *iloney for the property by the instalments, with interest; but no deed of conveyance of the same was ever executed to him, and he died invested-with no other title to the premises in controversy.but what-he acquired by the sale 'at auction, the written memorandum, report and ratification thereof, and the payment of the purchase money.
In the~statement of the case thus agreed, there was inserted, the.following memorandum ; which was signed by the
counsel for ihe parties in the cause. "It is understood, however, that the plaintiff does' not
admit, but denesi'that the proceeding and evidence touching the naturalization otf James Spratt,.pr any part of the same, do purport to be,or to -show a due and. legal' naturalization of James Spratt as a citizen of the United Sttes ; and maintains-that the manner and process of such pretended naturalization appears.from such proceedings and evidence to have been irregular- and void ; unlesg, such proceedings and evidence, or any part of the same, be held by 'the court to be conclusive 'in .this case, that he -was duly and legally naturalized as such citizen. While the defendant.and avowant-o1 the other, hand maintains, that no defect *ori.rregulgirity appears in the manner and'process of such naturalization; that the manner-and process of the .same in its preliminary stages are not examinable .in -this case; but that the admission of James Spratt to become a citizen 'of the United States, as it appears in the record and certificate thereof; is, either substantively or in connexion 'with the other evidence

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Spratt vs. Spratt.]
thereof, conclusive of his due.naturalization as such citizen: all which matters aTe understood and agreed to be involved in the luestion of title, and o be accordingly reserved for the consideration and judgment of the 6ourt upon the premises."
The declaration for naturalization made by James Spratt, was in khe following terms :
"James Spratt, a native of Ireland, aged about twentysix years, bearing allegiance to the king 'ofGreat Britain and Ireland, who emigrated from Ireland, and arrived in the United States on the 1st of June 1812, and.intends toreside within the jurisdiction and under the government of the Upited States, makes report of himself for naturalization according to the acts of c6ngress in thfrt case made and provided, the f4th of April, anno domini 1817, in the clerk's office of the circuit court of the district of Columbia for thecounty of Washington: and on t'he 14th of May 1817, the said James Spratt personally appeared in open 'court, -and declared oh oath, that it is bona fide his intention to become a citizen of the United States, and to renounce all allegiance and fidelity to every foreign prince," &c.
W. BRENT,. Clerk. The record of the proceedings of the circuit court on the naturalization 6f James Spratt is in the following terms : "At a circuit court of the district of Columbia, begun and held in and for the county of Washington, at the city of Washington, on the'first Monday of October, being the 1st day of the same month, in the year of our lord J821, and of the independence of the United States the- fortysixth. -" James Spratt, a native of Ireland,. aged" about thirty years, having heretofore, to wit, on the 14th of .May 1817, declared, on oath, in open court, that it was bona fide his intention to become a citizen of the United Staies, and to rehounce fQr ever all allegiance and fidelity to every foreigri prince, potentate, state or sovereignty whatever, and particularly to the king of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. "And it now appearing to the satisfaction of.the cpurt by

SUPREME COURT.
[Spratd vs. Spratt.]
the testimony of two witnesses, citizens of th- United States, to wit, Samuel N. Smallwood, and'Jonathan Prout, that the said James Spratt.hath resided within the limits and under the jurisdiction of the United States for five years at least last. past, and within the county of Washington one year at least last past, and that during tire whole of that time he hath behaved as a man of good moral character, attached tothe principles of the constitution of the United States, and well disposed to the good order and happiness of the same--tile said James Spratt is thereupon admitted a' citizen of the Ufiited States ; having taken the oath ' that he will support the. constitution of the United States, and that he doth 'absolutely and entirely renounce and abjure all allegiance and fidelity to' every foreign prince, potentate, state or sovereignty whatever; and particularly to. the king of the uhited kingdoam. of Great Britain and Ireland, to whom he wasbefo a subject.. 1th of October 1821."
A certificate in'due form, corresponding with this record, was given to James-Spratt.
For the appellant, it was contended, 1-. That the admissibn of said Jahies Spratt to citizenship, as stated in the record, was legal. 2. Thht whether regular or not, it is conclusive, as the judgmeit of a court-upon asubject within its jurisdiction. S. That whether so .r'not, the parties are concluded by the admission in the-former case stated. 4. -That no deed or conveyance having ever pasged to James-,Spratt in his life, the appellees could ndt inherit under the-act of Maryland. 5. That if the Maryland law would, entitle the appellees to inherit any estate but one executed by an actual conveyance, and the time when he acquired a right .to the estate should be thought material; then it will be contended that he acquired such a iight, n6t at the time of bidding,' but either on his paying the purchase money, or on the ratification of the sale; .both which events occurred after his naturalization.

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Spratt vs. Spratt.]
Mr Key and Mr Jones, for the appellant, argued; that the naturalization of Thomas Spratt had been regular, according to the requirements of the act of congress.
'The law does not make the report made by the alien, and the register of his arrival, the only evidence of the period and fact of his arrival in the United States. Acts of congress, 22d of March 1816, July 30th, 1813. The court are to be satisfied of the facts, and are not excluded from receiving other evidence than the register. While it is admitted that this is the best evidence, it does not follow that it is the only evidence which can be received. The court are authorised to act on such evidence as will enable them to 'decide on the application for naturalization. One objection which is made is, that the place of the residence of Thomas Spratt is not stated in the proceedings. To this it is answered, that such proceedings are not to be'examined critically. It would be dangerous to the property of numbers, if eiceptions of this character were encouraged. But no part of the law makes the place of the residence of thealien material ; except that
.he shall have resided for one year preceding the application. in the state W4here he shall apply to be naturalized.
The act of admission to citizenship by a court authorised' to admit to naturalization, is of itself sufficient evidence of citizenship, without looking behind it. It is a judicial act of a court of competent jurisdiction, and upon which. it has adjudicated. If, in the proceedings of the court4 in a matter necessarily judicial; in -which testimony has been adduced, upon- which it has passed a judgment; and of which a record has been made by the proper officers; there has been any thing erroneous, the court should itself correct it: but until this is done, it is binding on all the world. Cited 7 Co. 42:0. 2 Peters, 157. 5 Cranch, 174. But a fair and-full examination of the different provisions of the laws relative to naturalization, will show that the proceedings of the circuit court were entirely correct and legal.
The property in controversy, although purchased by Thomas Spratt before his'naturalization, was not held by deed; no conveyance having been made-to Him of the same even up to the time of his death.

[Spratt vs. Spratt]
The right of a foreigner 'thus to take lands, depends on the particular words of the statute; and the case must be one within its provisions, or it will not operate, The terms of it are in reference to lands within that part of the district of Columbia which was ceded to the United States, held byaliens "under deed or will; hereafter to be made'.' Thus the provisions are' limited to lands acquired or held by one of thi5 description of titles.
The bid of Thomas Spratt acquired for him an equitable interest in the property; and he became' a'trustee, not for his foreign hbirs, but, for his wife, who by his subsequent fiatu-' ralization, became a citizen. The law did not intend that such an interest should go to his foreign heirs.
There is good reason why the law of Maryland should confine the mode of taking *to an actual, executed, -legal title. Equitable interests in'land are sources of infinite confusion. In Maryland, in .1793, they were not subject to execution for debt; and have been "made so in 1810. Thus, a foreigrier, under the construction claimed, would take an equitable title to land, havfng all the benefits of it, and it would not be subject to the claims of his creditors.
As to the liability to execution of equitable interests in lands. Cited 3 Johns. C. I. 316. 1 Caines's Cases, 46. 1 Murph. Rep. 383. 18 Johns. 94. 4 Har. and M'Hen, 533. 5 Johns. 335.. 4 Johns. 41. 7 Johns. 206.
By the bid for the property no absolute title was acquired. The whole proceedings of the trustee were subject to examination by the court, and required its confirmation. Thus, by the case, until 1824%when the sale was finally ratified; the title of the purchaser was not complete; and ihe deed, then tobe executed according to the decree,-would not relate
back to the time of the sale.
Mr Coxe, for the defendant.
Whether James Spratt was actually naturalized depends upon a proper construction of the act of April 14th, 1802.
It is contended, that the certificate is essentially defective under the provisions of this law.

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Spratt vs. Spratt.]
1. It does not ascertain the place of his intended settlement.
2. It was not made five years anterior to the 11th of October 1821. The act requires every person being an alien, who may arrive in the United S.taies subsequent to its passage, to report such his arrival.
This certificate is to be exhibited by such alien on his application to be naturalized, as evidence of the time of his arrival within the United States. It is not required that the certificate should set forth the period of his arrival ; but the meaning of the act is, that the date of' such certificate shall be considered as that of the-arrival.
The act of 1790 contained no provision for a previ6us declaration of an intention to become a citizen. All that was to be done, was to be done at the time of haturltlizatiop. The act of 1795 required such. a declaration; it was to -be made three years before he could be naturalized, and must set forth a residence of five years. The 'act of 1798 required this declaration to be made five years before the admission, and that he should make an averment of fourteen years residenice before his application. The act of '1"02 is. applicable to those who were then within the United States, and had taken the preliminary steps. This act has- been much considered here, as well as elsewhere. In this district, after solemn argument, the point has been ruled in accordance with the present judgment of the court. Th circuit court of Pennsylvhinia gave.the same constrtctinu to the law. 1 Peters's C. C. R. 457.
As to the argument, that the record'is conclusive as to the right: It may be urged, that several of the acts of congress expressly negative ihis ';if the pre-requisites of the statute are not complied with, the certificate.is a nullity.
There is great danger in considering these certificates as conclusive, from the number of courts who are authorised under the law to issue them. - If those who are to'issue them may omit any*one. of these requisite, they rhay omit all. Persons who have never been in the United States may obtain them. Persons may procure them, immediately on. their arrival here.
VOL. IV.--.3 A

SUPREME COURT.
[Spratt vs. Spratt.'
This is not a judicial act, but one purely ministerial. 3 T. R. 126. Toiler, 128.
The powers to admit to the rights of citizenshiphave beer, uniformly vested in, and exercised by state-courts, under the authority of congress. But congress cannot vest any part of the judicial power of the United States -in state tribunals. 1 Wheat. 304, 330. Martinvs. Hunter's Lessee, 5 Wheat. 27.
There are no parties. All is ex parte. No one can remove the proceedings by writ of error, certiorari, or in any other inanner. No one can oppose the act of granting the evidence of naturalization. If ministerial: the proceedings .must, on the face of them, show that they were correct. If the exercise of a judicial power: still it must appear
.tht the court -had jurisdiction; not only over the subject matter, but over the party, in the circumstances in which he stood.
This doctrine is fully laid down in Rose vs. Himely, 4
Cranch, 268,'and the case of Griffith vs. Frazier, 8 Cranch, 1, 22, 8. Walker vs. Turner, 9 Wheat. 541. Cited also, I Paine, 55.
The next objection is, that the plaintiff carnot recover, because this is a mere equitab le estate..
It cannot be questioned, but that- as well by the common law as by 'the general statutes of descent of Maryland, equi-' table estates descend precisely as do legal.
Is this equitable estate embraced within the sixth section of the act of Maryland of December. 19, 1791. Burch's Dig. 2,21. It provides, "that any foreigner may, by deed or will, hereafter to be made, -take and hold lands," .&c. The law recognizes two modes of acquiring lands-descent and purchase. In general, the only modes of acquiring lands by purchase; are by deed, or ,will. When an agreement, of purchase is made, the party is considered in equity as the owner, because he is in equity entitled to a deed. Whether the deed be, or be not in fact executed, it is by and through the-deed.that the estate is-his. A deed actually executed under one la-w passes no title, unless recorded within the time stipulated; but it confers upon the grantee a right to come into chancery to have it recorded; which, when oh-

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Spratt -s. Spratt.]
tained, relates back, as between the parties, to the date of the agreement. Mary. Laws, 1766, c. 14, sed.. 2; 1785, c. 72, sec. 12.
In equity, James Spratt was entitled to a deed from the moment the sale was made, provided it was ratified. Equity will consider that as done which ought to have been done. Sugd. 40i 353. 13 Ves. 517. 2 Cox, 231
Mr Chief Justice MAnSHALL delivered the opinion'of the court.
This case depends entirely on the title of the defendant in error to the premises in the avowry mentioned, who. is one of the brothers and heirs of James Spritt deceased.
James Spratt was a native of Ireland, who arrived in the United States previous to the 18th of Jube 1812, and resided therein until his death. On the 14th of 'April in the year 1817, he made report of himself to the clerk of the circuit court-of the United States f6r the district of Columbia, in the county of Washington, which report was recorded; and, on the 17th of May thereafter, he appeared in the same court, and made the declaration on oath required by the first condition of the first section of the act " to establish an uniform rule ofnaturalization," &c. pa1ssd the 14th ofApril 1802; which proceeding was recorded, and a certificate tnereof granted in the following words:'
"District of Columbia, to Wit: James Spratt, a native of Ireland, aged about twenty-six years, bearing allegiance 'to the king of Great Britain and Ireland, .who emigrated'from ]reland and arrived in the United States on the 1st of June 1812, and intends-to reside within the jurisdiction and under the government of the United -States, makes report of himself for naturalization according to the acts of congress in that case made -and provided, the 14th of April anno domini 1817, in the clerk's office of the circuit 'court of the district of Columbia, for the county of Washington: and on the 14th of May 1817, the said James Spratt personally appeared in open court, and declared on-oath, that it is his intention to become a citizen of the United States, and to

404

SUPREME COURT.

[Spratt vs. Spratt.]
renounce.ali allegiance and fidelity to every foreign prince," &c.
This certificate was given under the hand and seal of the clerk. On the 11th of October 1621, James Spratt .again appeared inopdn court,-and took the oath required by law, and was admitted as a citizen. The certificate of his admission states that the three first conditions required by the act of the 14th of April 1802 had been complied with.
The'said James Spratt intermarried with the plaintiff in error, Sarah Sprdtt, and. departed this life in March 1824, without issue, and intestate. The plaintiff in replevin is a native born subject of the king of Great Britain and Ireland, and was not naturalized at the time of the institution of this suit.
In the year. 1791, the state of Maryland passed an act entitled "an act concerning the territory of Columbia and the city of Washingt~n;" the sixth section of which provides, "that any foreigner may, by deed or Wifl, .to be hereafter made, take and hold lands within that part of the said territory which lies within this state, in the same manner as if he was a citizen of this state ; and the same lands may be conveyed by him, and transmitted to, and be inherited-by his heirs-or relations, as if he and they were citizens of this
state." This act continues in force. A decree was made by the circuit court fot the sale of the
estate of Simon Meade, deceased, to satisfy his creditors, on certain conditions therein specified. In pursuance of this
decree, Joseph Forrest, who was appointed to carry the same into execution, did, on the 21st of May 1821, offer the real estate of the said Simon Meade for sale on the terms and conditions following, to wit : that the purchase money should be paid in .four equal instalments, at six, twelve, eighteen, and twenty-four months, respectively, from the day of sale, with interest; and that a conveyance of the property in fee simple should be made to the purchaser upon the ratification of the sale by the court, and the payment of all the said instalments of the purchase money,' with interest. At this sale the said

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Spratt vs. Spratt.]
James Spratt became the purchaser of the lot in the avowry mentioned. On the 15th of October 1821 the said Joseph Forrest made his report to the court; and on the 24th of December 1822, an interlocutor, decree was made for confirming the sale; and on the 26th of January 1824; the final .decree of confirmation was passed. No deed was executed during the life time of the said James Spratt. The bidding ar the sale was made while the said James Spratt was an alien; but before any other step was taken he became a citizen.
Upon this state of facts, the circuit court gave judgment for the plaihtiff in replevin ; which jidgment has been brought before this court by writ of error.
This cause has been argued very elaborately by counsel. It appears to the court to depend essentially on two questions..
1. Was James pratt a citizen of the United.States ?. 2. If he became a citizen, did the premises in the avowry mentioned pass to his alien relations who are his pext of kin. 1. The first question depends on the act or 1802, for establishiog an uniform rule of naturalization. The act declares that an alien may be admitted to become a citizen of the United. States "on the following conditions, and not otherwise." The act then prescribes four conditions, the three first of which were applicable to James Spratt, and were literally observed. The second section enacts, " that in addition to the directions aforesaid, all free white persons, being aliens, who may arrive in the United States after the passing of this act, shall, in order to become citizens of 'the United States, make registry and 6btain-certificates in the following manner, to ivit: every person desirous of being naturalized, shall, if of the age of twenty-one years, make 'report of himself, &c." The law then dir~ets what the contents of the report shall be ; orders it to be recorded, and that a certificate thereof shall be granted to the person making ihe report: "which certificate shall be exhibited to the court by every alien who may arrive in the United States after the passing of this act, on his

SUPREME COURT.
[Spratt vs. Spratt.]
application to be naturalized,-as evidence of the time of his arrival within the United States."
As James Spratt arrived within the United States after the passage of the act of 1802, he is embraced by the second section of that act, and was under the necessity of reporting himself to the clerk, as that section require.. Must this report be made five years before he' can be admitted as a citizen .
The law does not in 'terms require it. The third condition of the first secfion" provides, " that the court admitting such alien shall be satisfied that he has resided within the United States five years at least;" but does riot prescribe the testimony which shall be satisfactory. This section was in force when James Spratt was admitted to become a citizen, and was applicable to his case. But the second- section requires, in addition, that he hall report himself in'the manner prescribed by that section ; and requires .that suich report shall be exhibited, "on his application to be naturalized, as evidence of the time. of his arrival within the United States." The law does not say that this report shall be the sole evidence, nor does it require that the alien shall report himself within any limited time after his arrival. Five years may intervene between his arrivaI and report, and yet the report will be valid. The report is undoubtedly con-elusive evidence of the arrival, and must be so received b'y the court; but if the law intended to make it the only ad-' missible evidence, and to exclude the proof which had been held sufficient, that intention ought to have been expressed. Yet. the inference is very strong from the language of the act, that the time of arrival must be proved by this report; and that a court, about to admit an alien to the rights of citizenship, ought to require its production.
But is it any thing more than evidence which ought indeed to be required to satisfy the judgment of the court, but the want of which cannot annul that judgment 9 The judgment has been rendered in a form which is unexceptionable. Can we look behind it, and inquire on what testimony it was pronounced .

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Spratt vs. Spratt.]
The act does not require that the report shall be mentioned in the judgment of the court, or shall form a part- ofthe certificate of citizenship. The judgment and certificate are valid, though they do not allude to it. This furnishes reason for the opinion, that the act directed this report as evidence for the court; but did not mean that the act of admitting the alien to become a citizen should be subject to revision at all times afterwards, and to be declared a nullity, if the report of arrival should not have been made fiveyears previous-to such admission.
The act of 1816, sec. 6, has, we think, considerable influence on this question. That, act requires that- the certificates of report and registry, required as evidence of the time of arrival in the United States, and of the declaration of intention to become a citizen, "shall be exhibited'by .every alien, on his application to be admitted a citizen of the United States, ivho shall have. arrived within the limits and. under the jurisdiction of the'United States since the f8th day of June 1812; and sliall each be recited at full length in the record of the court admiating such alien; and any pretended admission of an alien, who shall have arrived within ihe limits and under the jurisdiction of the United States since the said.lSth day of June 1812, to be a citizen, ifter the promulgation of this act, without such recital of each certificate at full length; shall be of no validity."
James Spratt arrived within the United States previous to the 18th day of June 1812, and is consequiently not within ihe provisions of the act of 1816.
This act is not intended to explain the 'ct'of 1802, but to add to its provisions. It prescribes that which the previous law did not require; and prescribes it for those aliens only who arrive within the United States after the. 8th day of June 1812. * It annuls the certificates -of citizefiship which may be granted to such aliens, without the requisite recitals; consequently,. without this act, such certificates would have been valid. The law did not require the insertion of these' recitals in the certificate of James Spratt.
The various acts upon the subject, submit the decision on the right of aliens to admission as citizens to courts of re-

.SUPREME COURT.
[Spratt vs. Spratt.]
cord. They are to receive testimony, to compare it with the law, and to judge on both law and fact. This judgment is entered on record as the judgment of the court. It seems to us, if it be in legal form, to close all inquiry; and, like every other.judgment, to be complete evidence of its own validity.
The inconvenience which might arise from this principle, has been pressed upon the court. But the inconvenience mighf be still greater, if the"opposite opinion be established. It might be productive of great mischief, if, after the acquisition of property on the faith of his certificate, an individual might be exposed to the disabilities of an alien, on account of an error in the court,, not apparent on the record of his admission. We are all of opinion, that James Spratt became a citizen of the United States on the Ilth of October 1821.
2. Did the property mentioned in the avowry descend to. his alien relationsq
Since aliens are incapable of taking by descent, the answer to this question depends on the erabling act of -the state of Maryland in the year 1791. That act does not *enable"aliens who may come into the district of Columbia to transmit all real estate, however acquired, to their alien relations by descent; but such lands only as shall be thereafter. ,acquired by deed or will. This is a.qualification of the power, .which cannot be disregarded. The Words are not senseless; and would not, we must suppose, have been inserted, had they not been intended to operate. They limit the capacity of an alien to inherit from his alien ancestor residiig within this district, to lands which he had taken by deed o'r will. It is not for us to weigh the reasdns which induced the legislature to impose this lixnitatiori. It.'is enough for a court of justice to' know thai'the legislature has imposed it, and that it forms part of the 'law of the case.
If any equivalent act might be'substituted for a deed, no such equivalent act can be found irithis 'case. The auction at which this property was sold certainly took place *while Jlames Spratt -was an alien ; but that the sale was entirely conditional, andthe purchase depended on the payment Pf

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Spratt vs. Spratt.]
the instalments, on the- confirmation of the court, and the final decree of the court. Before the. first instalment became due, before even the report was returned to the court, Jaipes Spratt became a citizen. He did not, therefore, while an alien, hold this land by a deed or by any title equivalent to a deed.
In*a coritroversy between- the alien heirs of James Spratt and Sarah Spratt, 1 Peiers, 343, this court determined that land which James Spratt took and held under the enabling act of Maryland, descended to his alien heirs, but, that land which he took and held as a citizen, did not pass to those heirs.
The lot mentioned in the avowry comes, we think, within the last description ; and did not descent to the plaintiff in replevin.
The judgment of the circuit court is reversed, and the cause remanded, with directions to enter judgment for the avowant.
Thig cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the -United States for the district of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington, and was argued by counsel ; on consideration whereof, it is ordered and adjudged by this court that the judgment of the said circuit court in this cause be,.and the-same is hereby reversed, and that this cause be, and the same is hereby remanded to the said circuit court with instructions to enter judgment in the said court for the ayowant in said cause.
VOL- IV.-3 B

SUPRUME COURT,
HEnrz HOLmLIGSWORTH, HEIR -oF LEvI H6LLMGSwoRTH, APzE,LA.T'V;. P1HIP 'B.RBOuT AND OTHERs, APPELLES.
H.. entered, with the proper surveyor for the, district of Kentucky, .forty-five ,'thousand acres of land, in the county of Washington in that state, by virtup .of treasury warrants. A survey wasimade thereon in 1,786, and a patent for tho land issued toH. in 1797. The warrants were purchased by 'the ancestor of the coniplairanut, by'a parol agreement'with H. previous to their entry. Beforeithisagreement H., in connection with a person who owned other war, rants, had 'iade an agreement with S. to locate their respective warrants, which agreement was ratified by .the complainant, who paid a sum of money to S. for fees of pateliting, and agreed to mafke S. a liberal compensation for his se vices; and S. located and- surveyed under the warrints, forty-fkve thbusand acres. returned the surveys to the office, and paid the fees of office. The locating and surveying of the w.arrants, and all the necessary steps for completing the tfitle, were done by S., who was employed first by H., and afterwards by the complainant, who paid in money for the same. H. being deceased, and having maqe no coveyance of the legal title to the lands, the complainant filed a bill in the cuunty of Washington, " against the unknown heir of U." aid in 1815 a decree was mad6 by that court; for a conveyance of the land, ., the unknown heirs, or in their default by a commissioner, appointed iu he;e.de ree fo make the-same. Held, that the conveyance was not authorised by the laws of Kentucky, in force at-the time of the decree.
By the general law of the land, no court is authorised to render a judgment or decree against any one, or his.estate; until after due notice by service of pro,cebs to appear and defend. ,[472]
The acts ofth6 assembly ofKentucky authorising proceedings against absent de'feiidants referred to aid examined. [472]
The statute under which the proceddings-of the complainants in this- case were instituted, authorised the court to make a decree for a conveyance in a suit for such a conveyance, only in the case in which the complainant claims the' land as locator,or by bou2 or otherinstrutmentinwriting. [473]
The claim of " a locator" is peculiar to Kentucky, and has been universally tnderstood by the people of the-country to signify that compensation of a porlion 6f the lansd 16cated, agreed to be given by the owner.of the warrant, to the locator of it for his services. [473]
The record of proceedings against "unknown heirs," is'no evidence that any such heirs existed; and the decree and deed made in pursuance of it, cannot avail to pass any title without some evidence that there were some heirs. (4771
APPEAL from the circuit court of the district of Kentucky.
The case is fully stated in- the opiniori of the court. The cause was argued by Mr'Sheffey for the appellants, and by' Mr Wickliffe for the appellees.

JANUARY TERM 18"0.
[Hollingsyrorth vs.'Barbour'and others.]
Mr Justide IALxwIN delivered the- opinion of the Court. This wds a-bill, filed on the equity-side of the court, by the appellants, setting forth,,that on the.21st'of February 1784, a certain Joln Abel Hamlin entered, with the proper'surveyor for the district of Kentucky,. forty-five thousand acres of land, lying in the county of Washington; by' virtue of sundry treasury Nvarrants; issued 'by the state of Virginia. That a survey was made tnereon,- on the 13th of 4pril 1786 ; aid a patent isStded the 8th of June 1.798, to the said John Abel Hamlin. That previous to the date of such entry, the comphlinant had purchased from the said Hamlin the warrants on which the entry and surveys had been made, for the: sum of three thousand seven hundred dollars; which he paid. That although the entries, survey and patent were in the 'name of said Hamlin, they were for the benefit of, 'the complainant; who alleged the equitable title thereto ag belonging to him. ThatHamlin being dead; withotithaving. made a conveyance, the complainant, in 1814, exhibited .his bill in chancery, in the circuit court' for the county of Washington, against the unknown lieirs of said Hamlin ; and obtained a decree of said court, ordbring them to qonvey to him the legal title of, said lands, by a day named in said decree; 'in 'default whereof the court appointed a commissioner for that purpose, who, by deed approved by the court, conveyed the same to the complainant on the 15th of August 1815: by virtue of which decree, and conveyance, he became vested with the right, title and interest of said Hamlin o all the lands embraced in the patent of the commonwealth-to.him. .The bill then sets forth, that the. defendants, sixty-six in number, had obtained grants of various portions of the land patented to Hamlin, and were in possession of the same, by virttie of warrants, entries and surveys adverse to his: and concludes with a prayer against the appellees, the respondents below, that 'they may be compelled to convey to the complainant the land claimed by them respectively under their patents, which were elder than the one to Hamlin. In support of the allegations of his bill, tile complainant
produced', the entries, survey and patent before menticied, but offered no evidence of any contract, written or parol

468

.SUPREME COURT.

[Hollingswovth bs. Birbour-and oth;rs.]
betweenhim and'Hamlin f'or the sale of. these lands; and did not attempt to rest his claiai to hold the title of Hamlin on any other authority than the decree of the circuit court
of Washington county, and the'deed of the commissioner appointed tb execute the convqyance to him of the lands included-in the patent. In the court below, the defendants, in their answers, made.various objections to the entries on Hamlin's warrants : set up title in themselves, by the patents, under whidh they claimed; and their long possession of the lands within .their-respective surveys, for a period in many of the cases -exceeding, and in few falling.short of the period prescribed by the act of limitation.
If this court entertained a doubt of the validity of the decree rendered by the circuit court of the county of Washington, ordering a conveyance of the title of Hamlin in the lands in question to Hollingsworth, we should feel it our duty to enter into the consideration of all the questions arising on the bill, answer, and exhibits in this case.
When the case was first reached ob the calendar, no counsel appeared on -the part of the appellants. The counse'l of the appellees. brought the case before the court, and presented the various points which arose at the hearing in the circuit court; beginning with the first in order, the right of Hollingsworth to put himself in place of Hamlin, as to a remedy against the appellants. He was informed by the-court, that, as then advised, they did not wish. to hear him on the other points. Counsel afterwards appearing for the appellants, and requesting to be heard, the court directed an argument on what then appeared to them the turning question on the whole case. We have, carefully weighed the reasons urged for a reversal of the decree of the court below on that ground, and still retain the opinion formed on the ex parte argument ; that the decree in the case of Hollingsworth against the unknown heirs of Hamlin, and the deed executed by the commissioners pursuant thereto, was void, and wholly inoperative to transfer any title; and that Hollingsworth, or his heir, had no right to call on the appellees to transfer their prior legal title to him, as representing Hamlin or his heirs. That be the title of the

JANUARY -TERM 1830.

469

[H6llingsworth vs. Batbour and others.]
appelleesf good or bad, the complainant 'had .no -equity" against them. Being a stranger to Hamlin'stitle,'he had no right to any conveyance to himself, or any relief Sought for by tbe.bill now under the~codsideration of ihe 6ourt.
The .original -bill against the unknown heirs of Hamlin, thus dedtices the complainant's right to a decree for the conveyance of the legal title vested. in Hamlin of, hig heirs by the entries, -survey, and patent before referred to :-That Hamlin was indebted to -the domplainant in the' sum of about four thousand dollars by.bo k account; -that he, had absconded, and cortplainhnt took a writ of attachmdnt against his effects, out Qf the court of common pleas of'the county of Philadelphia, of September term. 1784; that in execution of that writ-the sheriff broke open the counting house of Hamlin, but found no property therein except thirty-: nine Virginia warrants for ninety thousand acres of land, of which he took possession, but made no return of them on the. writ: that Hamlin some time afterwards returned' to Philadelphia, being wholly insolvent, and'proposed to com'.plainant that he should take the-'warrants for the sum of three thousand seven hundred dollars, to which he assented, and gave Hamlin a credit to that. amount on the account; that the warrants were accordingly'deliveed to the complainant, but without any transfer or assignment in writing. That before the circumstances of Hamlin became desperate, he had, in co-operation with a person who owned some Virginia warrants, made an agreement with Benjamin Stevens of New Jersey, to locate'their respectivc warrants; which agreement was ratified by the complainant, who paid to Stevens one hundred and twenty-three pounds eight shillings and nine pence, Pennsylvania currency, for fees of patenting, &c. and-further agreed to make Stevens a liberal compensation for his personal. labour; and he then commtenced the business of locating, surveying, &c. : that Stevens made entries and executed surveys of forty-five thousand acres (the lands in controversy); returned the plats and certificates of survey to the register's office, and paid the fees of office.
It thus appearing from the complainant's allegations in

"SUPREME COURT.
[Hollingsworth vs. Bdrbour and others.]
his bill', that. the locating and surveying of the warrants, and all the steps necessary to the completion of the title were done by Stevens, who was employed for that purpose, first by Hamlin, and afterwards by himself; and th'at his services' were ,compensated. by'omoney; it becomes unnecessary to 'consider the other matters set forth. by the,complainant. Not 'being a "locator"-of these lands, and .showing the location to have been made byanoth6r; he 6xcluded himself from all pretence of claiming a right to.proceed as such against the unknown heirs of-lamlin.
The circuit court of Washington county could take cognizance of the case presented to them by the complainant, by no principle of the comhon law, or -rule of a Court of equity'.. Theii powers to do so must be-conferred by some law of Kentucky,. within which the complainant must have. brought himself, or the proceedings would be "void-for want of jurisdiction in the court. As this court fully concurs with the views taken'of this course by'the late learned and lamented .Mr- Justice Trimble, who p'ronounced the decree of the circuit court in a very lucid and elaborate opinion-, returned with the recor.d, we deem it wholly unnecessary to do more than to refer.to it as containing ihe reasons of the decree, which we unanimously approve.
"This'is a-contr6versy for land under conflicting adverse titles. The complainant claims ,he land by virtue of two entries, made with the surveyor of Washington county on the 23d of February 1784, in the name of John Abel Iamlin i an inclusive survey of these entries made on the 12th day of April 1786" a grant issued thereon to John Abel Hamlin -on the 8th day of June 1797; and a deed of conveyance nmade by a commissioner on'behalf of the unknown heirs of John Abel Hamlin to the.complainant, in obedience to and in pursuance of a decree of the circuit court for the county of Washington. The defendants claimed the land under and by'virtue of sundry entries, surveys and grants, elder than the grant to John Abel. Hamlin. The- defendants, in their answers, controvert the validity of John Abel Hamlin's entries; insist that John- Abel Hamlin -and his heirs, if he left any, were aliens, incapable of t-aking, holding, or conveying

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Hollingsworth vs. Barbour and others.]
real estate; deny that John Abel Hamlin left any heirs to inherit his title : and deny that the complainant has any interest in or iitle to the estate of John Abel Hamlin in the preifises. They further rely on their elder legal titles; in'sist upon the validity and supeiority of the 'several entries under which they hold; anain bar of the relief sought'by thebill, allege they have had upwards of twenty years-adver.se.possessio'n of the land in controversy, prior to the institution of this suit.
"It is argued for the defendants, mat the decree of the Washingtoii circuit court is void ;and that no title, passed by it, and the commissioner's deed made in pursuance of it, to the complainant.
"It must be conceded, that if the decree is void, the corn-. missioner's deed, made by its authority, can pass nothing to the complainant.
"This court disclaims all authority to revise. or correct. the decree, on the ground'of supposed error inthe court "who pronounced the decree. The principle is too well settled, and too plain- to be controverted, that a judgment or decree pronounced by a competent tribunal against a party having actual or constructive notice of the pe'ndency of the. suit, is to be regarded by. eviery other co-ordinate-tribunal ; and that if the judgment or decree be. errone6us, the error c n be .corrected only'by a superior appel*late tribunal. The-leading distinction is between judgments and decrees merely void,'and such as.are voidable only: the former are binding no where,;.the latter every where, until reversed by: a iuperior authority. Upon general principles, the decree of the- Washington -circuit courit must have-the same -force and effect, and none, other in this court, than it would or ought to have in any circuit court of the state. Al.thofigh these' principles are unquestionable, the correct application of them to this case is attended with no little difficulty.
IT'he suit and decree is against the Unknown heirs of John Abel Hamlin. Instead.6f personal service of process upon the defendants in the sutt, an order of publication was made against them iand upon a certificate of the publication

.472

SUPREME COURT.

EffoIingsworth ms. Barbour and others.]
of this qrder for.eight weeks successively in an authorised newspaper being produced and filed inthe cause, the bill was-taken pro confeso i -and at the next succeeding-term the final decree was. entered,-directing the. conveyAne of'the land to the complainant. . " The equnsgel for -the.defendaits- in this cause have sug-
gested several., irregularities in .the proceedings in that cause; and.insist, the court had ho legal iiuthority to pr6. nounce any decree therein,.'The complainant's counsel contend,' that tne proceedings were had in pursuarice o'f the, several acts of-assembly concerning absent defendants: and that.if any irregularities have intervened in the progress of the suit, the.proceedings and decree are at most .only,erio-
neous : but that.the c6r having jurisdiction and authority, by the laws of !he state; to pronpunce .a decree 'for'a conyeyance of )and lyingwithin the county; .the decree, how.ever irregular it may be$-isnot void.
"This argument renders -it necessary to" examine the several acts of assemb,!yauthorising proceedings..against absent defendants : for, by the general law~of the land, no(court isauthbrised to render a judgment ordecree against any one or his estate, until after due notice by service of process to appear and defend. This principle is dictated by natural justice ;, and is only to -be departed, from incases expressly warranted'by law, and excepted. out of the general rule. '
"The first act of assembly isthe act of the 19th of December 1726, copied from the, pre-existing laws of Virginia. That act provides for the case where a suit in chancery -ii .commenced ' against any defendant or--defendants, -who are out of this commonwealth, and others witl*in -the.same'having in their hands effects of, or otherwise indebted to-the absent defend ant &c. ; and.the second sectionl authorises the court, in such cases, to have publication "niade two months successivejy in an authorised - newspaper, and if the abgentee still fails to appear, to proceed to decree, &c. " This act manifestly applies only. to cases of debt or duties personal ; for the satisfaction of -which, the debts or effects of the ab-
sent debtor are attached, or enjoined in the hands of the resident party. -The next act of assembly, in order-of time, is

JANUARY TERM f83o.
[Hollingsworth vs. Barbour and othere.]
the act of the 16th of December 1802. The third section of this act provides, that " where any person or persons, their heirs or assigns, claim land as locator, or by bond or other instrument in writing, they may institute a 'suit in equity, having jurisdiction in such cases; and where the party having died, and the legal title descended to his heirs,.the complainant may proceed to obtain a decree for the land, though the particular names of the heirs be unknown, and not particularly named in the suit; although they may be residents of this commonwealth or not; but in such cases, it.shall be advertised eight weeks in one of the gazettes of this state, requiring such heirs or representatives to appear and make defence.' This statute tuthorises the court to proeeed to decree atter publication, only in the cases in which the complainant claims the land sued for in his bill as locator only, dr by bond or otherinstrumentin writing.
" We must then look into the bill of Holflngsworth against. the unknown heirs of John Abel Hamlin, to see if the complainant in that case claimed the land as locator, or by bond or other instrument ir writing. Upon an inspection of the bill it is manifest, that the complainant in that case did not claim the land by bond or other instrument in writing. The bill does not pretend that the complainant held, or ever did hold, any instrument of writing ; on the contrary,'he shows, negatively, that he did not. He alleges that he made a parol agreement with Ha mlin for the warrants, after the return of his attachment against Hamlin to the court in Philadelphia, in 1784; and that the warrants were afterwards delivered to him, in pursuance of that agreement, by the sheriff,who had seized them at the time he levied the attachmedt on some of Hamlin's effects; but that the warrants were not returned as levied on. The bill shows he did not claim as locator, in the sense of the term. Thie claim as locator, arid the terms in which it is expressed, are peculiar terms in Kentucky. In early times, many contracts were made between warrant holders and others, by which those others agreed to locate, the warrants for a portion of the land secured by location; and in many other cases, one man located the- warrantg of another without any special agreement as to compensation,
VoL. IV.-3 K

SUPREME COURT.
[Hollingsworth us. Barbou and others.]
but with an expectation -of receiving as compensation -the portion of land usually- given for such seivices. The phrase, 'claim as locator,' grew out of this'state of things ; and has been universally understood by tbe people of the country to signify the compensation of 'a portion,of the land located agreed to be given 'by the owrier of the warrant to the locator of it for his services. The term is believed never to have been used in any other sense, or as signifying the acquisition of property by any other species of contract, than a contract to locate for a portion of the land. -According to well settled rules of construction, the language of.the statute must be understood-in this its popular acceptation.
"The order of publication in the case of Levi Hollingsworth, against the unknown heirs of John Abel Hamlin, was made at the Novenber term of the Washington circuit court, in the year 1813; proof of the publication of the order, eight *weekssuccessively in the Bardstown Repository, was made on the 4th of April 1814;- and at the August term, in the year 1814, the final de.cree was rendered in the cause. These dates are important, because they show that the only remaining act upon which reliance was placed, and which passed on the 6th of February 1.815, is subsequent tothe decrqe, and cannot apply to the case. The acts of 1796, and of 1802, already noticed, were the only statutes existing at the time of the proceedings and decree, in the suit of Hollingsworth against -the unknown heirs of John Abel Hamlin; which authorised the courts of the state to proceed upon orders of publidation to decree against absent defendants.
"It appears clear to my mind, that the case was not within the provisions of either of the statutes ; and that the order of publication,- and the proceedings and decree thereupon, were'wholly unauthorised, and unwarranted by the law of the.land. The question is, is the decree therefore erroneous only, or is it simply void.
"It seems'difficult to escape frbm the conclusion, that if
the order of publication was wholly unwarranted by law, the publication is as if it had never been made. Even in cases expressly authorised by the statute, a publication is only a constructive notice to the party; but if the publication in

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Hollingsworth v's. Barbour and others.]
the particular case be unauthorised, no principle-is perceived upon which t can be regarded as constructive notice.
"It is an acknowledged general principle, that judgments and decrees. are binding only upon parties and privies. The reason of the rule is founded in the immutable principle of natural justice, that no man's right should be prejudiced by the judgment or decree of a court, without an opportunity of defending the right. This opportunity is afforded, or supposed in law to be afforded, by a citation or notice to appear, actually served; or constructively, by pursuing such meansas'the law may, in special cases, regard as equivalent to personal service. The course of proceeding in admiralty causes, and.some other cases where the proceeding is strictly in rem, maybe supposed to be exceptions to this rule.
They are not properly exceptions: the law regards the seizure of the thing as constructive, notice to the whole world; and all persons concerned in interest are considered as af.fected by this constructive notice. But, if 'these cases do form an exception, the exception is confined to cases of the class already noticed, where the proceeding is sfrictly and properly in rem, and in which ihe thing condemned is first seized and taken into the custody of the court. The case under consideration is not properly a proceeding in rem; and a decree in chancery for the conveyance of land has never yet, withirt my knowledge, been-held to come within the principle of proceedings io rem, so far as to dispense with the service of process on the party. There is no seizure nor taking into the custody of the court the land, so as to operate as constructive notice.. Constructive notice, *therefore, can only exist in the cases coming fairly withirr the provisions of the statutes authorising the courts to make orders of publication, and providing that the' publication,' when made, shall authorise the courts to decree. It has been already shown that thi-case is not within the provisions of any statute.
" It would seem to follow, that the court acted without authority; and that the decree is void for want of'-jurisdiction in the'court. But if not void, a'bseinf coram non judice, iti.void and wholry in,,ffectuial to -ind or prejudice the

SUPREME COURT.
[Hollingsworth vs. Barbour and others.]
rights of Hamlin's heirs, against whom'the decree was rendered; because they had no notice, either actual or construc-
tive. "The principle of the rule that decrees and judgments
bind only parties and privies, applies to the case: for though the unknown'heirs of Hamlin are affected to be made parties in the bill, there was no service of process, nor any equivalent to bring them before the court; so as to make them, in the -eye of the law and justice, parties to the suit.
"The case of Hynes vs. Oldham, 3 Monroe's Reports, was cited to prove that the proceedings in the caseWbf Hollingsworth vs. Hamlin's Heirs, were regular; btit if not so; that they were at most only erroneous and not void. -The cases appear to me to be essentially different. That was a case within the jurisdiction of .the statutes authorising publications: the publication had been made, and the only objection was, that it did 'not appear that an affidavit had been filed -by the complainant that the. particular names of the heirs were unknown to him before making the order of publication. It was decided that that omission niight have been a cause of revision, or of reversal upon appeal to the appellate court; but that the -decree was not therefore void,.
' In the case under consideration, the law did not authorise, publication at all. It is a case in which 1he court had no authority to pronounce any decree, until- the party was served with process. It is not a case like the one cited, where there is an irregularity merely in the manner of issuing or awarding the notice by publication; but a case in which notice by publication is wholly unauthorised. In the' case cit 9 d, the court of appeals admit that a judgment or decue rendered against a party without notice is void, and an unauthorised publication cannot be regarded as notice; and the case under consideration, is as if no attempt to give notice had been made.
"There is an obvious distinction in reason between this case and:the'case where there hai been personal service of irreghlar or erroneous process. In that'case the party has notice in part, and may,'if he will, appear and object to or waive the irregularity; in this, the publication, being unauthorised,

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Hollingsworth vs. Barbour and others.].
is not even constructive notice : and unless the proceedings are considered as void, the injured party may be remedilesS. ."There is another ground, on which it may well be questioned, whether the complainant has made out such a-6asas will enable him to set up and assert the entries, survey -and patent of.John Abel Hamlin against the defendants. The act of assembly of 1-802 authorises a decree upon*an order of publication against heirs, where the particular names of the-hers are unknown. ' But the acts of assembly do not declare, .that it shall be taken for granted that there wereheirs, and'that the title passed by descent to them.; and by the decree and commissioners' deed should pass to the complainant, whether any such heirs existed or not. The manir fest object of the statute was, to dispense with the necessity of inserting the particular names in the proceedings, and to substitute in the stead of the particular names, their cha-: racteristic description of heirs of the decedent. "But-it is apprehended the record of the proceedings against: the unkiown heirs, &6. is no eidence that any such heirs existed, and that the decree and deed, niade in pursuance of it, cannot avail to pass any title, to the complainant; without some evidence that John Abel. Hamlin lef( heirs, upon whom his estate descended, and from whom it could pass by'the commissioners' deed to the complainant. There is-no-'vidence in this cage, conduchig in .the slightest. degree to show that John Abel Hamlin left any heirs capable of inheriting his estate. , There is nothing for the complainant to rest upon but presumption. Although it may sometimes be presumed that a decedent left heirs rather than that he left
none; it is not clear to my mind that the presumption should be indulged ir a case like this, so far as to uphold the title of the cQmplainant. It is but a presumption of fact. in any case, and like other presumptions,- may be repelled by Couiltervailing facts and presumptions.
"It appears that Jehn Abel Hamlin was a foreigner from France, and died in the city of Philadelphia about the year .1788. The complainants' own bill against .the 'unknown heirs of John Abel Hamlin, contains no allegations in terms that he left any heirs cap'able of irtheriting: on the contra-

. 478

SUPREME COURT.

[Hollingsworth -vs. Barbour and others.]
ry, it expressly alleges, that he left neither wife nor child;
and that after much inquiry, no person could be found who
could give any account of his heirs. Twenty-five years intervened between the death of John A. Hamlin and the exhibition of the complainants' -bill against his unknown heirs
in the Washington circuit court; and although it appears that he, until his death, and the complainant resided in the city of Philadelphia, and were personally known to each other; no heir ever appeared to claim his estate, nor did Hollings-
worth ever ascertain the existence'of any such heir. Nearly forty years have transpired since the death of Hamlin, and no heir has yet been heard of. Under such circumstances, if the presumption that Hamlin left heirs is not absolutely repelled, I think it so weakened, that the courN ought not to rest upon it as sufficient to sustain the complainants' title "against the defendants, who have tl" legal title, and have been longin the possession and enjoyment of it. Even the indulgence of a general presumption that Hamlin left kindred, who, if citizeng of the United States or of France, could in-herit his estate, would not avail the complainant, without going the full length of presuming also that such kindred were in fact citizens or Frenchmen. The presumption that Hamlin left any kindred, citizens of the United States, is strongly repelled by the statements ofllollingsworth's bill in the Washington circuit court; and by all the circumstances of the case. There is nothing to found the presumption upon, that he left heirs who were French citizens in 1788, when he died.; but the circumstance that he had emigrated from Brittany about br -previous to 1779 : crci6uuistance too feeble to justify this court in finding the fact tc be so.
"If Hamlin left kindred who were aliens, and be] rnging to any other nation, they could take nothing by descent, and nothing could pass from them to the complainant. The objection of the alienage of Hamlin and his heirs, regarding him and them as French nitizens or subjects, has not been considered, deeming it unnecessary to express any opinion on that point. Entertaining the opinion, as the foregoing observations have' shown, that the complainant has failed to show himself legally invested with the claim and

JANUARY TERM 1830.

479

[Hollingsworth vs. Barbour and others.]
title of John Abel Hamln, or of his heirs, if he left any, so as to enable him to set up the entries, surveys and -patent,in the name of John A. Hamlin, against the legal title and long possession of the defendants; all investigation of the relative merits of the original claims is necessarily superseded."
The decree of the circuit court dismissing the bill of the complainant is affirmed, with costs.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record, from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Kentucky, and was argued by counsel; on conside, ation whereof, it is ordered, adjudged and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said circuit court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed with costs.

SUPREME COURT.
AnA BARTLE vs. WILLIAM D. NUTT, ADXIMISTRATOR or GEORGE
COLESIA..
A contract was made for rebuilding fort Washington, by M. a public agent,, and a deputy ,quartermaster general, with B.; in the profits of which M. was to participate. False measures of the work were attempted to be imposed on the government, the success of which was prevented by the vigilance of the accounting officers of the treasury. A bill was filed to compel an alleged partner in the contract to account for and pay to one of the partners in the transaction, one half of the loss sustained in the execution of the contract.
Held that; to state such a case is to decide it. Public morals, public justice,. and the well established prificiples of all judicial tribunals, alike forbid the interposition of courts of justice to lend their aid to purposes like this. To enforce a contract which began with the corruption of a public officer, and progressed in the practice of, known wilful deception in its execution, can never be approved or sanctioned by any court.
The law leaves' the parties to such a contract as it found them. If either has sustained a loss by the bad faith of a particeps criminis, it is but i just infliction for premeditated and deeply practised fraud. He must not expect that ajudicial tribunal will degrade itself, by ah exertion of its powers to shift the loss from one to the other, or tQ equalise the benefits or burihens which may have resulted from the violation of every principle of morals and of law.
THIS was hn appeal.from the circuit court of the county of Alexandria, in the district of Columbia. The appellant was complainant in that court.
The case was argued by Mr Swann and Mr Jones for the appellant, and by Mr Taylor for the appellee:
Mr Justice BALDWIN delivered the opinion of the .Cou. :. This suit was brought on the chancery side of the circuit .court of the district of Columbia for the county of Alexandria, by the appellant (complainant) against the appellee (respondent). The object professed is to obtain a settlement of accounts arising'out of a partnership charged to have existed between the complainant and respondent and one Ferdinand Marsteller. The bill charges, that in 1814, a contract was entered into between the 'complainant and the government of the United States for rebuilding fort Washington.

JANUARY TERM 1830:

185

[Bartle vs. Coleman.]

That when the contract was made, it was agreed between the respondent, Ferdinand Marsteller, and the complainant, that they should share the profits of the contract-that is, that each of them should receive one third part of the profits. That the respondent was to furnish the concern with such merchandize as might be necessary, disburse the funds' of the concern, and keep the accounts relative to such disburse-
ments; that the complainant was to superintend the work, and Marsteller to drawing and furnishihg the money for car-.

rying it on. The bill charges that under this arrangement the work was
commenced and finished, and that on its measurement it was
supposed a profit had been made of about four thousand five hundred dollars; and that accordingly one thousand five hundred dollars were advanced to the respondent as his share of

the profits.

That, about the clbse of the business, it was discovered.

that Marsteiler had committed -great frauds on the govern-

ment; and that the complainant gave information of these

frauds 'to the department of war, in consequence of which

Marsteller was disgraced, and-soon after died insolvent.

That, soon after this development, the respondent insti-

tuted suit against the'complainant for a balance-claimed on

his store account, and for money disbursed by him for com

plainant. That the complainant instituted a cross action

against the respond'nt; and both suits were, by mutual con-

sent, referred to arbitrators.

That when the reference was made, the complainant. ex-

pected that the arbitrators would go into a full examination

of the partnership accounts in relation to the government

contract, as well as in relation to the individual accounts of

the parties. But that when the arbitrators proceeded to act,

they declined looking on the transactior as a partnership

one, and thought themselves bound to consider th'e accounts

as unconnected with that concern; and finally awarded

against the complainant four thousand four -hundre.d

and

ninety-seven dollars and forty-two cents, in which was in-

cluded' an allowance of one thousand five hundred dollars

for Coleman's share of the profits of the contract, and one

VOL. IV.-Y

SUPREME CQtJRT.
[Bartle vs. Coleman.]
thousand five hundred and thirty-four dollars for commissions in disbursing the money received from the government.
That the copartnership has been always indebted to the complainant on account of the contract with government.
The.bill then proceeds to some details respecting the accounts, at this time-not important, and prays for an accourit. and general relief.
The answer admif6 that the dbmplainant in 1814 entered into a contract with Ferdinand Marsteller, agent for the United States, for the rebuilding of fort Washington; with the terms and conditions of which contract the respondent had no concern.
That it being necessary to have an agent in Alexandria to procure supplies for carrying the contract into effect, and as Marsteller had, expressed a wish that the money should be disbursed through the agency of the respondeilt, and that the respondent should keep the accounts, between Marsteller and the complainant; the latter agreed that the respondent should act as agent, and in the first instance offered him as a compensation, a share of the profits, and the complainant afterwards offered him a commission of-five per cent. on the disbursements. That the respondent accepted of the latter offer, and under it entered on the agency, after having refused the .first.
The respondent denies that he was in any shape interested
as a copartner with the complainant and Marsteller, or with either of them, in relation to the said contract, or that he ever received any share of the profits; but admitsthe charge of a commission of five. per cent. on the money disbursed by him.
He admits that the complainant having refused to pay the balance due from him to the respondent on private account, he did institute suit against him. That a cross suit.was brought by the complainant against the respondent. That both suits were referred to arbitrators, who awarded in the respondent's favour the sum of four thousand four hundred and ninety-seven dollars and foriy-two cents. That on the investigation before the arbitrators, the complainant set up as an offset the same claim which he prosecutes in this suit, and that it was rejected as unsupported by evidence.

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Bartle us. Coleman.]
The respondent relies on that award, and the judgment on it, as a bar to further proceedings.
The cause came on to be heard on the bill and answer, and after various proceedings, not necessary to notice, the bill was dismissed without costs; the court being of opinion that the partnership charged was contrary to public policy and sound morals, and that a court of equity ought not too lend its aid to either of the parties "againstthe other.
Among the exhibits in the cause was the contract betwe'en the complainant and the government, dated 17th September 1814, signed and sealed by complainant, and witnessed by Thomas Lowe.
"Accepted for the United States by order of colonel Monroe, secretary of war. September 30th, 1814.
F. MARSTELLER, Deputy quartermastergeneral. The proposition for this contract was addressed by B-Artle to Marsteller in writing, and the contract was signed on the same day. From the evidencetaken in the case, it clearly appe6i: that Marsteller acted as the agent of the United States in makingthe contract.. That the materials furnished, and the labour performed, were under the direction of Barile. That the money was principally received from the government by Marsteller, paid over by him to Coleman, who dispersed it on the orders of Bartle. There can be no doubt that Bartle and Marsteller were parthors in the profits of. the contract; but the cap.city in which Coleman acted does not seem to be so certain. There is very strong evidence of his being a partner; but it is not very material whether he was an agent or a party in a contract made and carried into effect under the circumstances which attended this. The shades of difference which would in either event distinguish the moral or legal aspect ofthe cause, are .too slight to engage the attention of the court. By the account of the complainant against'the firm of SMarsteller, Coleman and Bartle, it appears that his chprgcs amount to fifty-eight thousand three .hundred and seventyfour dollars; and that there is'a loss to the conearn of tun

SUPREME COURT.
[Bartle vs. Cbleman.]
thousand five hundred and thirty-eight dollars, one half of which.he charges to Coleman ; and hb seeks to recover this by deduating the amount from a judgment obtained against him by Coleman, in the circuit court, affirmed here on a writ
of error. Of the alleged loss on this .contract, the sum of eight
thousand eight hundred and sixty dollars is' thus accounted for in the complainant's account against the firm.
"To- deductions made by the government (which . are against the operative mechanic) frdm the work and materials. Vide Abstracts, B. F.. Eight thousand eight hndred and sixty dollars of this sum." Of this sum it appears by abstract B. that three thousand one hundred and ninetyeight dollars were for an overcharge of fifty cents per perch of stone, and fifty cents per thousand of bricks, beyond the contract price; and by abstract F., that five thousand aix hundred and %ixty-onedollars were for over measurement of stone, brick and carpenter work ;.so that deducting these two items from the amount of the loss on the contract, it is reduced to one thousand six hundred and seventy-eight, dollars.
The case then presented for the consideratioD of the.circuit court, and,,now-before us for revision, is this: a contract made by the complainant with a public agent, a deputy quarterumaster gefieral, to an amount exceeding fifty thousand dolldrs, in the profits of which he was to participate; false measures attempted to be imposed on the government; the fraud discovered by the vigilance of its accounting officers; and a bill in equity filed to compel an alleged partner to account for; and pay to one of the parties in such a transaction, the one hilf of a loss sustained by an unsuccessful attempt to impose spurious vouchers on the*government.
To state such a case is to decide it. Public morals, public justice, and the well established principles of all'judicial tribunals, alike forbid the interposition of co.urts of juL.ice to lend their aid to purposes like-this. To enforce a contract which began with the corruption of a public officer, and progressed in the practice "bfknown and wilful deception in its execution, can never be consummated or sanctioned by -any court.

JANUARY TERM 1830.

189

[Bartlo vs. Coleman.]
The law leaves the p -ties to such a contract ds it found them.' If either has sustained a loss by the bad faith of a particeps criminis, it is but a just infliction"for premeditated" and deeply practised fraud; which, when detected, deprives him of anticipated profits, or subjects him to unexpected losses. He must'not expect that a judicial tribunal will degrade itself by an exertion of its powers, by shifting the loss from the one to the other; or to equalise the benefits or burthens which may have resulted by the violation of every principle of morals and of laws.
This court is unanimously of opinion, that the -circuit court 'were right in dismissing the complainant's bill. and affirms their deciee with costs.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States, for the district of Columbia, holden in and for the-county of Alex-
andria, and was argued by counsel ; on consideration whereof, it is ordered, adjudged, and docreed by this court, that the decree of.the said circuit court in this cause be, and the
same is hereby affirmed with costs.

JANUARY TERM 1830.
JULIE SOUIARD, WIDOW, AND OTHERS, APPELLANnS-vs. THE
UNITED' STATES.
JOHN T. SmTH, AriELLANT vs. THE UMTED STkTES.
inthe treaty by which Louisiana was acquired, the United States stipulated that the inhabitants of the ceded territory should be protected in the free enjoyment of their property. The United States, as a just nation, regard this'stipulatin as the avowal of a principle. which would have been held equally sacred; though it had not been inserted in the contract.
The term "property," as applicd 'to lands, comprehends eviry species of title inchoate or complete. It is supposed to embrace those rights which lie in contract; those which are executory; as well as those which are executed. In this respect, the relations of the inhabitants of Louisiana to their government is not changed. The new government takes the place of that which has passed away.
THESE cases came before the court, on appeals froa-the district court of the United States for the district of Missouri.
In the district court of Missouri, the appellants, under the act of congress of the 26th of May 1824, instituted proceedings to try the validity of their ,claims to certain lands in Missouri; the titles to which they claimed to derive under the former Spanish gove-,iment.
The district court gave a decree against the claimants. The cases were argued by Mr Benton, for the appellants, and by Mr Wirt, for the United States. The facts of the cases and the arguments'of the counsel are not reported, as the court held the causes under advisement.
Mr Chief Justice MARSHALL stated, The court have held the two cases of Soulard and John T..Smith against the United States under advisement. After bestowing upon them the most deliberate attention, we .are unable to form a judgment which would be saiisfitctory to ourselves, oi which ought to satisfy the public. In the trcaty by which Louisiana was aequired, the United-

SUPREME COURT.
[Soulard and others vs. The United States.]
States stipulated that the inhabitants of .the ceded territory should be protected in the free enjoyment of their property. The United States, as a just nation, regard this stipulation as the' avowal of a principle which .would have been held equally sacred, 1houghit had not been inserted 'iki the contract.
The term "property,"- as applied to -lands, comprehends every species of title:inchQate or complete. It is supposed to embrace those rights which lie 'incontract; those which are exeoutory; as well as those which are executed. In this respect the relation of the inhabitants to their government' is not changed. The new. government takes. the place of that which has passed away.
In the full confidence that this is the sentiment by which the. government of the United States is animated- and which has bben infused into its legislation, the court have sought sedulously for that information which would enable it to discern the actual rights of the -parties; and to distinguish between claims founded on legitimate contracts with those authorised to make them- on the part of the crown, or its immediat6 agents, and such as were entirely dependent on-the mere pleasure of those who might be in power.; such as might be rejected without giving just cause of imputation against the faith of those in office. The search has been unavailing.
When Louisiana waj transferred to the United States, very'few titles to lands, in the upper part of that province especially, were complete. The practice seems to have prevailed for the deputy governor, souietimes the commandants of posts, to place individuals in possession of small tracts, anAl to protect that possession without further pro- . ceeding. Any intrusion on this possession produced a complaint to the immediate supervising officer of the district or post, who inquired into it, and adjusted the dispute. The people seem to have remained contented with this condition; The colonial government, for some time previous to the cession, appears to have been without funds, and to have been in the habit of remunerating seryices with land instead of money.: Many of these concessions remained incomplete.

JANUARY TERM 1830..
[Soulard and others ts.The United Stteaj
If the duty of deciding on these various titles is translerred by the government to the jpdicial department, the laws and principles on which they depend . ought to be supplied.The edicts of the preceding governments in relation to tne ceded territory ; the powers given to the' governors, whether expressed in their commissions, or 'in special instruction; and the powers conferred on and exercised .by the deputy g~vernors, and other inferior officers, who may have been authorised to allow the inception of title; are all material to a correct decision of the cases now before the court, and which may come before it. We cannot doubt the dispositon of the government to f~rnish this information if it be attainable. We are far from being confident that it is 'attainable ; but have determined to hold the cases which have been argued under advisement until the next term, in the hope that, in the mean time, we may be relieved from the neces-sity o1 deciding conjecturally on interests of great impor-
tance. The chief justice added: Since ihe determination which
has been communicated had been agreed upon, the cohrt
has been informed -that the edict of August the 24th 1770 is in the office of the secretary of state.
Had that edict been sufficieqt for the decision of the court, they would have disposed of the cases at this term. But other information is required, which -has been referred to in the opinion. It is-therefore considered proper to hold the cases under advisement.-

JANUARY TERM 1830.

111

B6Yc

AND HENRY, PLAINTIPFS iN ERROR 'V. TmIOTHY EDWARDS,
DEFENDANT IN ERmoR.

Action on two bills of exchange drawn by Hutchinson, on B. and H. in favour of E. which the drawers, B. and H. refused to accept, and with the amountof which bills E. sought to charge the defendants as acceptors, by virtue of an alleged promise before the bills were drawn.
The rule on this subject is laid down with great precision by this court, in the case of Coolidge vs. Payson, 2 Wheat. 75, after much consideration, and a careful review of the authorities; that a letter written within a reasonable time before or after the date of a bill of exchange, describing it in terms not to be mi staken, and promising to accept it, is, if shown to the person who afterwards takes the bill on the credit of the letter, a virtual acceptance, binding on the person who makes the promise. [121]
Whenever the holder of a bill seeks to charge the drawee as acceptor, upon some occasional or implied undertaking, he must bring himself within the spirt of the rule laid down in Coolidge vs. Payson. [121]
The rule laid down in Coolidge vs. Payson requires the authority to be pointed at the specific bill or bills to which it is intended to be applied, in.order that the party who takes the bill upon the credit of such authority may not be mistaken
in its application. [121]
The distinction between an action on a bill, as an accepted bill, and one founded on a breach of promise to accept, seems not to have been attended to. But the evidence necessary to support the one or the other, is materially different. To maintain the former, the promise must be applied to the particular bill allegect in the declaration to have been accepted. In the latter, the evidence may be of a more general character; and the authority to draw may be collected from circumstances, and extended to all bills coming fairly within the
scope of the promise. [122]
Courts have latterly leaned very much against extending the doctrine of implied acceptances, so as to sustain an action upon a bill. For all practical purposes in commercial transactions in bills of exchange, such collateral acceptances are extremely inconvenient, and injurious to the credit of bills; and this
has led judges frequently to express their dissatisfaction that the rule has been carried so far as it has; and their regret that any other act, than a written acceptance on the bill, had ever been deemed an acceptance. [122]
As it respects the rignts .rn- the remedy of the immediate parties to the promise to accept, and all others who mayfl-ke billsaupon the credit of such promise,
they are equally secure and equally attaiaable_ b an action for the breach hi the promise to accept, as they would be by an action on the bill itself. [123] The contract to accept the bills, if made at all, was made in Charleston, South Carolina. The bills were diawn in Ceorgia, on B. and H. in Charleston, and
with a view, to the state of South Carolina for the execution of the contract.
The interest is to be charged at the rate of interest in South Carolina. [123]

SUPREME COUWT.
[Boyce and Henry vs. Edwards.].
ERROR to the circuit court of South Carolina. An action of assumpsit was brought in the circuit court of South Carolina by Timothy Edwards, a citizen of the -state of.Georgia, against Boyce and Henry, merchants of Charleston, upon two bills of exchange drawn by Adam Hutchinson at.Augusta, Georgia, on the plaintiffs in error, dated the 27th of February A827, payable sixty days after sight, amounting together to four'thousand four hundred and thirty-one dollars. The.bills were duly protested for non-acceptance and .non-
,payment.
The plaintiff in the circuit court gave in evidence a letter from Boyce, Johnson and Henry, dated at Charleston, March 9, 1825.
"MrEdwards-Mr Adam Hutchinson of Augusta is authorised to draw on us for the.amount of any lots.of cotton e may buy and ship to us, as soon. alter as opportunity will
offer; such drafts wilL be duly hoioured." He also gave in evidence the following notice, signed by
Kerr, Boyce, -and George Henry, which was published in the Chaileston newspaper, on the 28th of March 1825.
"The co-partnership heretofore existing, under the firm of Boyce, Johnson and Henry, is -this day dissolved by the death of Mr Samuel Johnson, Jun. The business will bd conducted in future. by the subscriUeis under the firm of Boyce'and Henry, who improve this opportunity of returning thanks'to their friends for their liberal patronage, and hope by assiduity and attention, to merit a continuance of their support."
The plaintiff also gave in evidence a letter from Boyce - and Henry to Adam Hutchinson, dated September 14,1826, which contained these words. "But in-the mean time if you can buy cotton on gbod terms, you are at liberty to draw as before."
Also a letter from the same to the same, dated the 16th of September 1826, advising him of the sale. of a -large parcel of cotton, and saying, "we wrote you last mail with authority to draw on us as usual, if-you could buy.to make here at 8 to 9 cents."
Also another letter from the same to Adam Ifutchinson

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Boyce and Henry vs. Edwards.]
of January the 4thl 1627. "Your favour of the. 1st ibstant is received. -You have 'entirely mistaken us as to our losing confidence in you: our idea is this, we are unable to keep so large a sum beyond our control, as the amount which'is now standing on our books. -Forinstance, should any accident happen to you, where would be the money to pay your drafts which are now on us and are accepted . Should you die; the cotton or money would of course be held by who, ever manages your estate. But to come to the point; we feel every disposition to give you every facility in our power; you are, therefore, at liberty'to draw on us when you send the bill of lading. We do not put you on the footing of other customers, for we do not allow them to draw for more than three-fourths in any instance. You may draw
for the amount,' &c. Also a letter of February the 17th, 1827, acknowledgiil
the receipt of the bill of lading for one hundred and fiftyeight bales of cotton, and stating as follows: "your bills have been presented which you gave -to Timothy Edwards, which we would have accepted, had we heard from you concerning the first bill," &c.
The plaintiff then gave in evidence a letter from Adam Hutchinson of February the 7th, 1827, to Boyce and Henry, saying, " the cotton by the Edgefield, you will please have reweighed and put into store, as I do not wish it sold until the draft drawn against it becomes due. I am shipping by the Commerce one hundred and nineteen bales cotton; it
cost $3,320," &c. Also a letter of the 9th of February 1827, from Adam
Hutchinson to Boyce and Henry. "After writing you by last'mail, I bought thirty-nine bales
of cotton more, and shipped it per the Commerce, &c-.: the thirty-nine bales cost ,here one thousand one hundred and eleven dollars, &c. I *yesterday drew upon you two draffs for two thousand three hundred and thirty one dollars, and for two thousand one hundred dollars, at sixty days, in favour of Mr. T. Edwards, which please honour."
The defendants in the circuit.court objected to the read-
VOL. IV.-P

SUPREME COURT.
[Boyce and Hemni vs. Edwards.]
ing. in evidence the letters frorii Boyce, Johnson and Henry, to Timothy Edwards, in March 1827 ; also to the letters from Boyce and Henry ; and from Adam Hutchinson to Boyce and Henry. 'But the objections were overruled by the court.
The court stated to the jury, that the letter of Boyce, Johnson and Henry, of the 9th of March 1825, in connexion * with other evidence in the' cause, was sufficient to charge the defendants in the circuit court,.as acceptors. The court relied principally on the fact, that Boyce and Henry, on the .12th of'April 1825, a few days after, they had announced the dissolution of the co-partnership of Boyce, Johnson and Henry, had credited themselves in the account current which accompanies the bill ofexceptions, with the sum of$1,313-58 due by Adam Hutchinson to the late firm ; thus identifying the firms, and continuing the responsibility under the letter of guarantee to the plaintiff, dated 9th March, 1825. The court also relied upon the continued. acceptance and payment; by the defendants, of numerous bills, between the date .oFthat letter and 15th February 1827, previous to which day, viz. on the 12th February 1827, they refused :to accept the bills in question.
The court also charged the jury, that, unless, from all the circumstances, the jury should believe that the plaintiff knew of, the letter from Boyce and Henry of the 4th of January 18.7, addressed to A. Hutchinson, and that lie took the bills of 8th February, 1827 upon the faith of that letter, it would not lcgally bind them to accept the said bills; but that it wasentirely a question for the jury, whether the plaintiff had dealt with Hutchinson on'the faith of that letter; and, moreover,-whether he had ot rxotwas immaterial, because the previous letter, the notice, the accounts rendered, and the .numerous bills drawn and accepted, were ample authority for'the plaintiff to take the bills in question." The court also instructed the jury, that the true-qu etion was, whether the plaintiff had dealt with' Hutchinson on his credit, or on the credit of Boyce and Henry. That the terms of the letter of the 4th of January having been complied with, the defendants were bound, in good faith, to accept thd drafts of the

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Boyce and Henry vs. Edwards.)
8th of February ; that the money raised by the sale of the one hundred and fifty-eight bales 6f cotton must be regarded as the money of Edwards and not of Iutchinson; that it was not material whether the letter was written before or after the bill was drawn; for in either case it was, according to law, an acceptaice.
A verdict and judgment were entered for the plaintiff in the circuit court, allowing the plaintiff interest according to the laws of Georgia; and the defendants, having moved for a new trial which was refused, brought this writ of error.
They contended: that the charge of the court was errondous; and that the verdict of the jury was contrary to law.
1. Because the letter of credit from Boyce, Johnson and Henry to Timothy Edwards, in favour of Adam Iutchinson, in March 1825, was inadmissible as evidence against Boyce and Henry; and at all events it gave no authority to Hutchinson to draw on Boyce and Henry.
2. Because the other circumstanceg relied-upon by the court to identify the firms of Boyce, Johnson and Henry, and Boyce and Henry, so as to extend the obligations of the said letters from.the former to the latter; .were wholly insufficient for that.purpose, or for making the defendants liable on other grounds.
3.Because the letters of Boyce and Henry to Adam Hutchinson, and from Hutchinson to Boyce and Henry, were inadmissible as evidence in this case; and even if they were not, they could create no right or obligation, as between Ed ..ards and Boyce and Henry, particularly. as no proof was adduced to show ihat these letiers.were known to Edwards when he took the drafts.
4. Because the accounts current between Boyce and Henry and Hutchinson, produced by the plaintiff, showed that at the time the drafts we-e drawn, Hutchinson was indebted to the defendants nearly $10,000, and the proceeds of the one hundred and fifty-eight bales of cotton were rightly
applied to that balance. 5. Because Georgia interest ought not to have been al-
lowed. 6. Because the charge of the judge, and the findng of the

SUPREME COURT.
[Boyce and Henryvs: Edwards.]
jury, were erroneous in the foregoing particulars, and in several others.
Mr M'Duffie, for the plaintiffs in 'error, stated that the practice in South Carolina was to move the court for a new trial, and on its refusal to take a writ of error.
The question in this case depends upon the law of acceptance, the plaintiffs in error.asserting thatthey were not bound to accept or pay the hills of exchange, which are the subjects of this suit.
The first point to be maintained by the plaintiffs in error is, that the letter of Boyce, Johnson and Henry ought not to have been admitted to prove a claini on the firm of Boyce and Henry, as the firms were different and distinct. The death of Johnson dissolved the partnership, and terminated their obligations. A promise to one firm cannot be transferred and made available to another. 4 Taunton, 693. There are good reasons why this responsibility should not be~asserted. The death of Johnson gave a new position to the parties; and the partnership of Boyce and Henry was liable only for its own engagements. According to the principles which have been established in this court, even the firm of Boyce, Johnson and Henry would not have been bound to accept these bills., Was the stipulation in the letter to be everlasting q This court has said, that a letter of credit shall not be binding on any one, beyond a reasonable time.
The charge on the books of the plaintiffs was a mode of keeping the accounts, but this does not prove that the'firms were identical. Their cohtinued acceptances are relied upon; they do" not prove the obligation to accept bills which they refused.
Is the letter of Boyce, Johnson and Henry, if it boUnd the new firm, available to prove -a contract with Timothy Edwards, who never saw the letter !. The law upon this matter is settled definitively. A verbal promise .to accept a' bill before it is drawn, is not binding. This is sustained by all the authorities. 1 East, 106. 4 East, 74. 4 Cowp. 393. In Coolidge vs. Payson, in this court, 2 Wheat. 66, the court

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Boyce and Henry vs. Edwards.]
lay down the principles which regulate this subject. The bill must be. taken with a knowledge of the promise to accept, and upon the credit of that promise. The plaintiff below did not know of the contract in this case, if any existed.
In England, the judges have endeavoured to limit the liability to accept lills to be drawn. Holt's Rep. 181. Chitty bn Bills, 219, note. Such bills are injurious to the safety of commerce. They create a floating and an uncertain capital. Before the plaintiffs in error should have been held liable, it should have been proved that Edwards saw the letter.
As to thd allowance of interest, according to the law of Georgia, the contract to accept and pay, if any was made, was enteted into in Charleston. The bills, although drawn in Georgia, were to be paid in Carolina; and there the letters were written on which the plaintiff in the circuit court relied to establish the.liability of the -defendants. It was therefore exclusively a contract in Carolina, and the law' of that state was thelaw of the contrbet'as to interest.
*Mr Berrien, for the defendant in error, argued; that the letter of Boyce,.Johnson and Heiry, of the 9th of March 1825, taken in connexion with the advertisement of the 29th of that month, and the continued course of business carried on between the parties up to 1827, when the bills in the suit were drawn; bound the plaintiffs in rror to accept the bills drawn by Adam Hutchinson. The objection to the admission of the letter of the 9th of Marei 1825, is, that it was not the act of the parties to this suit; but this was the precise question between the plaintiff and the defendants in the circuit court. It was therefore a question of the effect of that letter on the rights of the plaintiff, and no other. It-was proper to submit it to the jury, who would draw their conclusion of its operation and of its application, from all the circumstances.
Independently of that letter, the mere course of trade between the parties, from March i825 to February 1827, created an implied obligation on the part of Boyce and Henry to accept the bills drawn by Hutchinson in the course of that Irade; until notice of the revocation of his authority to draw bills.
If the letter of the 4th of January is considered as a re-

SUPREME COURT.
[Boyce and Henry vs. Edwards.] '
vocation of the general power to Hutchinson, still the terms of that letter seem to have been complied with, and the obligation of Boyce and Henry under that letter was complete.
The.principles upon which the defendant in error rests, have been established in Coolidge vs. Payson, 2 Wheaton, 66. A person who takes a bill on the credit of a promise to accept it, if drawn in a reasonable time, has a right to recover; the promis:-L a virtual acceptance. The right of Hutchinson to draw was known to Edwards.
The general notice given by Boyce and Henry, on the 28th of March 1825, that they had succeeded to the business of the former firm, was an assumption of the obligations of that. firm; and in proof of this, they accepted bills drawn on the firm of Boyce, Johnson and Henry, after the advertisement. In .their accounts with Hutchinson, he is charged with the balance due to Boyce, Johnson and Henry. After: wards, thirty-one bills drawn by Adam Hutchinson in the same course of business were accepted and paid, amounting to sixty-seien thousand eight hundred and sixty-five dollars. These acts were a ratification on their part of the authority given on the 9th of March 1825.
As regards Edwards, Hutchinson may be considered as the agent of the plaintiffs in error, purchasing on their account, and on their guarantee: The letter of the 27th of January 1827 would then only affect the defendant, if he had. notice of it; and if he had, as the terms of that letter were complied with, they were bound tq accept the bills. If the terms were not conformed to, this should have been proved in the court below by the plaintiffs 'in error.
The letter of the 4th of January 1827, was a distinct and substantive agreement to accept on certain terms, which were complied with on the part of -the drawer; and if Edwards took the bill on the faith of that letter, the plaintiffs were bound. This question was properly left to the jury by the court.
Mr Justice TnomPsoN delivered the opinion of the Court. This was an action of assumpgit, brought in the circuit court of the United States for the district of South Caro-

JANUARY TERM IS30.
[Boyce and Henry vs. Edwards.]
lina, upon two bills of ex-change drawn by Adam Hutchin- L soi, in favour of Timothy Edwards, the plaintiff in the court below, upon Boyce and Edwards the defendants, both bearing date on the 8th of February 1827; the one for two thou-_ sand one hundred dollars, and the other for two thousand three hundred and -thirty-one dollars, payable sixty days after sight.
The cause was tried before the district judge ; and in the course of the trial, several exceptions were taken' on the part of the defendants below to the admission of evidence, and the ruling of the court upon questions of law; all which are embraced in the charge to the jury, to which a general bill of exceptions was taken; and the cause comes here upon a writ of error.
The bills of exchange were duly presented for acceptance, and on refusal were protested for non-acceptance and nonpayment; but the plaintiff sought to charge the defendants as acceptors, by virtue of an alleged promise to accept before the bills were drawn. And whether such liability was established by the evidence, is the main question in the cause. The evidence principally relied upon for this purpose consisted of two letters, the first as follows : "Charleston, March 9, 1825. Mr Edwards-Dear Sir, Mr Adam Hutchinson of Augusta is authorised to draw on us for the amount of any lots of cotton which he may buy and ship to us, as soon after as opportunity will offer; such drafts shall be duly honoured by yours, respectfully, Boyce, Johnson and Henry."
Johnson soon after died; and on the 28th of the same month of March, the defendants published a notice in the Charleston newspapers, announcing a dissolution of the partnership by the death of Johnson, and that- the business would be conducted in future under the firm of Boyce and Henry. The other letter is from the -defendants, of the date of the 4th of January 1827, addressed to Adam Hutchinson, in which they say, ." you are at liberty to draw on us when you send the bifl of lading. Wa do not put you on the footing of other customers, for we do not allow them to draw for more

SUPREME COURT.
[Boyce and Hemy vs.XEdwards.]
than three-fourths in any instance. You may draw for thet amount," &c.
The defendants' counsel had objected to the admission of the first letter from Boyce, Johnson and-Henry; and contended, that this did not blind Boyce and Henry to accept bills drawn on them after the dissolution of the partnership was known, and desired the court so to instruct the jury. But the court stated to the jury, that the said letter, in connexion with the other evidence in the cause, was sufficient to charge the defendants as acceptors. The other evidence referred to by the court, as would appear from other parts of the charge, was the letter of the 4th of January. 1827; the notice of the dissolution of the partnership; the accounts rendered by the defendants; and the numerous bills, drawn and accepted by them, all which had been given in evidence in the course of ihe trial.
According to the view which we take of the instruction given by the court below at the trial, that the defendants upon the evidence were liable as acceptors,it becomes very unimportant to decide whether the letter of Boyce, Johnson and Henry should have been admitted or not. For we think, in point of law, there was a misdirection in this respect; even if the letter was properly admitted. We should incline, however, to the opinion, that this letter, at the time wheh.it was offered and objected to, and standing alone, would not be admissible evidence against the defendants. It was dated nearly two years before the bills in question .were drawn, and was from a different firm. It was evidence between other and, different parties. A contract alleged to have been made by Boyce and Henry, could not be supported by evidence that the contract was made by Boyce, Johnson and Henry. It might be admissible, connected with other evidence showing that the authority had been renewed and continued by the new firm; and in support of -anaction on a promise to accept bills drawn on the new firm. But that was not the purpose for which it was received in evidence, or the effect given to it by the court in the part- of the charge now under consideration. Itwas declared to be sufficient, in

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Boyce and Henry vs. Edwards.]
connexion with the other evidence, to charge the defendants as acceptors. And in this we think the court-erred. Had the letter been written by the defendants themselves, it would not have been sufficient to charge them as acceptors.
The rule on this subject is laid down with. great precision by this couit, in the case of Coolidge vs. Payson, 2 Wheat. 75, after much consideration, and a careful review of the authorities: "that a letter written within a reasonable time, before or after the date of a bill df exchange, destribing it in terms not to be mistaken, and promising to accept it; is, if shown to the person who afterwards takes the bill on the credit of the letter, a virtual acceptance, binding the person who makes the promise." This case was decided in. the year 1817. The same question again came under consideration in the year 1828, in the case of Schimmelpennich, et al. vs. Bayard, et al. I Peters, 284, and received the particular attention of the court, and the same rule laid do'wn and sanctioned; and this rule we believe to be in perfect accordance with the doctrine that prevails both in the English and American courts on this subject. At all events, we consider it no longer an open question in this court; and whenever the holder of a bill seeks to charge the drawee as acceptor, upon some collateral or implied undertaking, he must bring himself within the spirit of the rule laid down. in Coolidge vs. Payson: and we think the present case is not
brought within that rule. With respect to the letter of the 9th of March 1825; in
addition to the objection already mentioned, that it is not an authority to draw emanating from the drawees of these billi; it bears date nearly two years before the bills were drawn; and what is conclusive against its being considered an acceptance is, that it has no reference whatever to these particular bils, but is a general authority to draw at any time, and to any amount, upon lots of cotton shipped to.them. This does not drnscribe any particular bills in terms not to be
mistaken. The rule laid down in Coolidge vs. Payson requires the
authority to be pointed at the specific bill or bilJI to which VOL. IV.-Q.

SUPREME COURT.
[Boyce and Henry vs. Edwards.]
it is intended to be applied ; in order that the party who takes the bill upon the credit of such authority may not be ,mistaken in its application.
And this leading objection lies also against the letter of the 4th of January 1827.. It is a general authority to Hutchinson to draw, upon sending to the defenidants the bills of lading for the cotton. This is a limitation upon the authority containedin the former letter, even supposing it to have been adopted by the new firm; and must be considered-, pro tanto, a revocation of it. Hutchinson is only authorised to draw, upon sending the. bills of lading to the defendants. And although it may fairly be collected from the evidence, that that was done in the present case ; it does not remove the great objection, that it is a general authority, and does not point to any particular bills, and describe them in terms not-to be mistaken, as required by the rule in Coolidge vs. Payson. The other circumstances relied on by the court to charge the defendants as acceptors, are still more vague and indefinite, and can have .no such effect.
The court therefore erred in directing the jury, that the evidence was sufficient to charge the defendants as acceptors, and the judgment must be reversed.
Thedistinction between an action on a bill, as an accepted. bill, and -one founded on a breach 4of promise to accept, seems not to have been adverted to. But the evidence necessary to support the one or the other, is materially different. To ma'ntain the former, as- has been already shown, the promise must be applied to the particular bill alleged in the declaration to have been accepted. In the
latter, the evidenee may be -ofa more general character, and
the authority'to draw may be collected frorm circumstances, and extended to all bills coming fairly within the scope of
the promise.
Courts have latterly leaned very much against extending the doctrine of implied acceptances, so as to sustain an action upon the bill. For all practical purposes, in commercial transactions in bills of exchange, Such collateral acceptances are extremely inconvenient, and injurious to the credit of the bills ; and this has led judges frequently to ex-

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Boyce and Henryps. Edwards.]
press their dissatisfaction, that the rule had been carried as far as it has; and their regret that any other act, than a written acceptance on the bill, had ever beendeemed an ac-
ceptance. ,As it respects the rights and the remedy of the immediate
parties to the promise to accept, and all others who may take bills upon the credit of such promise; ,they are equally secure, and' equally attainable by an action for the breach of the promise to accept, as they could be by. an action on
the~bill itself. In the case now before the court, the evidence is very
strong, if not conclusive, to sustain an action upon a count properly framed upon the breach of the promise to accept. The bills in-question appear to have-been drawn for the exact amount of the cost of the cotton shipped at the very time they were drawn. And if the bills of lading, accompanied the advice of the drafts, the,transaction came within the -authority of the letter of the 4th of January 1827 ; and if satipfactorily shown that the bils were taken upon the credit of such promise, and corroborated by the other circumstances given in evidence, it will be difficult for the defendants to resist a recovery for the amount of the-bills.
With respect to the question of interest, we think, that if the plaintiff shall recover at all, he will only be entitled to South Carolina interest. The contract of the defendants, if any was made upon which they are responsible, was made in South Carolina. The bills were to be paid there; and although they were drawn in Georgia, they were drawn, so far as repects the defendants, with a view to the state -of South Carolina for the execution of the contract.
The judgment of'the circuit court must be reversed; and the cause sent back with directions to issue a venire de novo.

480

SUPREME COURT.

Tim SoclxrTY FOR THE PROPAGATION Or THE GosPEx. n FoREGN
PARTs P nAFus v8. THE Town oF PAWLET AND OZIAS
Ejeetment to recovir a lot of land, being the first division lot laid out to the right of the society in the town of Pawlet. The plaintiff are described in the writ as "The Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts, a corporation duly established in England within the dominions of the king of.the United Kingdom of GreatBritain and Ireland, the members of which society are aliens, and.subjects of the saidking." The defendants pleaded the general issue of not guilty. The generdl issue admits the competency of the plaintiffito sue, in the corporate capacity in which they have sued.
If the defendants meant to insist on the want of a corporate capacity in the plain. tiffs to sue, it should have been insisted upon by a special plea in abatement or bar. Pleading to the merits,has.been held bythis court to be an pdmission of the capacity of the plaintiff; to sue. TI-_ general issue admits, not only the competency of the plaintiffs to sue, but to sue in the particular action which they bring.
In the record there is abundant evidence to establish the right of the corporation to hold the land in controversy. It is given to them by the royal charter of 1761, whith created'the town of Pawlet. The society is named among the grantees, as " The Society for Propagating the Gospel in Foreign Parts ;" to whom one share.is given. This is a plain recognition by the crown of the existence of the corporation, and of its capacity to take. It would confer the - power to take the land, even if it had not previously'existed.
The statdtes of limitation -ofVermont interpose no bar to the institution by the. .Society frihe Propagati~n of the Gospel, &c. of an action for the recovery of the land in controversy.
The plaintiffi are a foreign corporation, the members of which are averred to be aliens, and British subjects; and the natural presumption is, that they are resi*dents abroad.
The-act of thelegislature of Vermont, which prohibits the recovery of mesne profits in certain cases, applies to the claims to such profits by the plaintiffs in this suit; and the provisions of the treaty of peace of 1783, and those of the treaty iyith Great Biltain in 1794, do not interfere with the provisions of that.act. The lawhas prescribed the restrictions under which mesne profits shall be re. eovered ;'and these restrictions are obligatory on the citizens of the state. The plaintiffstakethe benefit-of the statutq remedy to recover their right to te land; end they must take the remedy with all the statute restrictions.
THIS cause was cortified to this court from the circuit court of-the United .States for the district of Vermont: the judges of: that court being. opposed in opinion on c6rtaid questiohs ot law.which arose at the trial.
The -action was .an.-jectnient, brought to recover "the

JANUARY TERM 1830.

481

[The Society foi the Propagation, &c. vs. Th6 Town of Pawlet, &c.]
first division lot laid out to the right of said society in.Pawlet, containing fifty acres."
The cause was tried at October term 1828 ; and after the testimony on both sides was closed the jury were dischargtd, upon the disagreement of the judges of the court, on the several points herein'stated, arising upon the facts agreed in the case, and stated by the counsel for the parties. The
facts agreed weie, On the 26th day of August 1761, George III., then king
of Great Britain," by Benning Wentworth, Esq. governor. of the then province of New Hampshire, made the grant or charter to the town of Pivlet--aforesaid, particularly describing the boundaries thereof to the grantees, whose namei are entered on said grant, their heirs and assigns for ever; to be divided to and among them, into. sixty-eight shares.' Among the graitees whose names are entered in, the said. charter, is ' one whole share for the Sodiety for the Propa-
gation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts.' A copy of' the charter was filed among the proceedings.
And afterwards, on the 16th of April 1795, Ozias Clarke executed the counterpart of a lease to the selectmen of the town of Pawlet, for the-time being, for and on behalf of said .town, his heirs, executors, administrators and assignsof the
tract of land mentioned in the .paintiffs' declaration, described as follows, to wit: 'all that .tract of land, situate, lying and-being in Pawlet aforesaid, known and distinguished by being the first division fifty acre lot, laid out to the right known by the name of the Society, or Propagation Right, to'have and to hold the demised premises, with the privileges and appurtenances thereto belongirig, &c. from the 16th of-April 1795, and onwards as long as trees grow and water runs ;-hiF yielding and paying yearly, and at the end of every year, the sum of seven pounds, lawful money, -&c. A copy of the lease was annexed, and made part of
this case. And thereupon Ozias Clarke entered into the immediate possession and occupancy of the said lot of land,
and has been ever since in the possession and occupancy_ of the same; and has paid the rent aforesaid to the town of Pawlet, yearly and every year since,: at the rate of seyen
VOL. V.-3 L

SUPREME COURT.
[The Society for the Propagation, &c. vs. The Town of Pawlet, &c.]
pounds, equal to twenty-three dollars and thirty-four cents, for each year;. and the town of Pawlet have received the said sum, as rent, yearly, from Ozias Clarke, and have applied ,the same for-the benefit of schools in the towr of Pawlet. And Edward Clarke, the father of Ozias Clarke, went into the possession of the lot in the spring of the year 1780; it not appearing that he'had purchased any title thereto, and so continued in 'the pcsse'ssion thereof till the defendant entered.
The case agreed contains dxtracts -from the minutesof the -seiety, stating the proceedings thereof at their meetings in London relative to the land in Vermont, granted by governor 'Wentworth to the society. The -first meeting was held on the 16th of July 1762, and these minutes show the measures adbpted by the society. relative to the lands, from that period down to IS10.
The proceedings on the 16th of July 1762 and the 16th of . 1ylardlh 1764, show an acceptance of the donation; and a resolution that agents be appointed to take charge of ihe. patents and warrants for the .land, and for such other purposes-as the interests of the society may require.
At a meeting of the society.held December 17, 1773, the society agreed, that it be recommended to the society to empower Mr Cossitt to see that justice be done to the society, in the allotment of glebes, &c. inNew Hampshire.
The society resolved to agree that a letter of attorney be sent to the governor of New Hampshire, empowering Mr Cossitt to act in behalf of the society with regard to these lIands, and leaving blanks for other persons whom the governor may think proper to-insert.
On the 20th of May 1785, a report was made to the society relative to their lands, and the meeting resolved, that the secretary do write to some one or more members.of the, church of England in each of the states of America, in which the society has any property, to-take'all proper care in securing said property ; and further tc, inform such persons, that it is the intention of the society to make over all such property to the use of the episcopal church in that-country, in whatever manner and form, after communication with the

JANUARY TERM. 1830.
[The Society for' the Propagation, &c. vs. The Town- of Pawlet, &c.]
several governments, shall appear to .be most effectual for that purpose.
On the 16th of May 1794, an application was made to the 'society through the bishop of New York, by the episcopal convention of Vermont, requesting the society to convey, for the support of ifhe episcopal church of that diocese, the land held by the society in Vermont, under grants- from New Hampshire. The committee of the society made a report as follows:
'The committee. agreed in opinion, that the bishop of New York be assured of the society's readiness to concur in any measures which can forward the establishment of an episcopal church. But having considered that former applications have been made from the state of Vermont, differing in their intentions from the present, which were rejected by the society in May 1790; and at the same time Mr Parker of Boston,'when he obtained a deed from the society for the conveyance of their lands in New Hampshire, had signified that he should not trouble them respecting Vermont, till he should know the operation of that deed; and having never since heard from Mr Parker on that subject, are of the opinion, that there is not sufficient grouid for the society to execute the present deed.
At a meeting of the society on the 16th of November 1810, the secretary of the society was directed to obtain the fullest and most particular inforiiiation respecting the nature and value of the rights of the society to the lands in Vermont, with the best means of recovering and rendering the same available.
In consequence of certain votes of the society, expressive of their intention to appropriate the avails of their lands in the state of Vermont foi the use of the protestant episcopal church in that state, the convention of the church in that state made application to the society for the power of attorney: and the said society executed to the Right Rev. Alexander V. Griswold' bishop of the eastern diocese, and the other agents therein named, the power of attorney, dated December 5, 1816; a c6py'of which was annexed to the case.

SUPREME COURT.
[The Society for. tie Propagation, &c. vs. The Town of Pawlet,&c,
The act of the legislaturd of Vermont, passed October 27, 1785, entitled an act for settling disputes respecting landed property ; an act entitled an act for the purpose of regulatinig suits respecting landed property, and directing the mode of proceeding therein, passed Ndvember 5, 1800; also, the several acts to keep !he acts last aforesaid in force for latdr'peiiods than those contained in said act; an act passedNoyernber 15, 1820, entitled an act for the purpose of regulating suits respecting' landed property, and directing the .mode of proceeding therein; and all the' statutes ever -passed in Veiniont, for thie limitation of actions,and all the additions thereto, as bund in the scverdl statute booka' including tile act passed November 16, 1S19, entitled aui act repealing .parts of certain acts therein mentioned; an act passed October 26, 1787, authorising the. selectmen of the several towns tb improve the glebe and society's lands, and an act in addition thereto, passed October 26, 1789 -,,nact passed October 30, 1794, cntitled an act directing the appropriation of the lands in the state, heretofor6 granted by the British -overnmert to the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts ; and all other statutes of said state, that either party considers applicable to this case : are to be considered as a
part of this case. Upon the foregoing case, the opinions of the judges of the
circuit court were opposed upon the following points: 1. Whether the. plaintiffs have shown that they have any
right'to hold lands . "2.Whether the plaintiffs are barred by the three years'
limitation in the act of the 27th of October 1785, or any
other of the statutes of limitatiori 3. Whether, under the laws of Vermont, the plaintifl are
.entitled to recover mesne profits; and if so, for what length of time !
The case was argued by Mr Webster, for the: plaintiffsand by Mr Doddridge, for the defendants. Mr Doddridge also presented the written argument of Mr J. C. Wright, for the defendants; as did Mr Webster,- an argument for the

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[The Society for the Propagation, &c..vs. The Town of Pawlet, &c.]
plaintiffs, prepared by the counsel in the circuit court .of Vermont.
For the plaintiffs it .was argued : that it was not a point in issue, or on vhich the court divided in opinion, whether the plaintiffs were a.corporation capable of suing in this form; that being admitted by the plea of the general issue. ,Cited 10 Mod. 207. r'Bos. & Pul. 10. 10 Co. Rep. 122, 126. * 1 Saund. Rep. 340, 342. Atlantic Insurance Company vs. Conard, 1 Peters's Rep, 395, 408, 560.
1. The plaintiffs contend, that 'if they are a.corporation capable of suing, they must be capable of taking and holding land.
2. That the right to take and hold lands is incident to a corporation. 'Com. Dig. 258, F. 18, 260,'F. 18, 19. Co. Lit. 2 a. 2. b. Sid. 162. Co. Rep. 30-36. Sir William Jones's Rep. 168.
3. That the cbrporation existed at and prior to the date of the charter of-Pawlet, 1761.
It being admitted by the pleadings, that the plaintiffs. are a corporation, there is no presumption, against its prior existence, at any period within the time whlereof the memory of man runneth, &c. Its prior existence is matter of general history, of which the court will take notice as matter of law.
The extracts from the records prove the existence of the" corpora.tion in 1762, by acts which refer back to the New Hampshire charters, as grants made to the corporation then existing. The preamble of th, act of 1794, under which the defendants claim,- recognizes all grants made to the society'as made to an existing corporation.
"Whereas, the society for the propagation of the gospel 'in foreign parts, is a corporation, created by, and existing within a foreign jurisdiction, to which they alone are .amenable; by reason whereof, at the time of the late revolution of this and of the United States from the jurisdiction of Great Britain, all lands in this state granted to the society for the propagation of the gospel in foreign parts, became vestedin this state," &c. The lease of the tenant .admitsthdt the land in question was granted by said charter to thd society.

SUPREME COURT.
[The Society for the Propagation, &c. vs. The Town of Pawlet, &c.]
The New Hampshire charter of the town, of 1761, recognizes the plaintiffs as then being .an existing corporation. That charter, being a royal grant, by granting the lands to the plaintiffs, made them a corporation capable of taking and holding the lands thus granted, if they were not so before. Cited Dyer, 100. pl. 70. The Alderman of Chesterfield's case, Cr. Eliz. 35. 10 Mod. Rep. 207, 208. By the act of 1794, all grants of-land to the society are recognized as grants originally valid, and so continuing until the revolution ; by reason of which, the act declares the lands
became vested in this state. The state claims the right of the society as forfeited to
the state, and grants the right to the town; and the tenant, in 1795, acknowledges the right of the town, by his lease,
&c. and both are in under the act. The plaintiffs contend that the defendants-have admitted
the right of the plaintiffs. See Atlantic Insurance Company vs. Conard, 1 Peters's Rep. 450. And are estopped from denying the original right of the plaintiffs at any time prior to the revolution. Cited 10 Johns. 353, 358, 292, 223. 12 Johns. 182. 3 Caines, 188. 2 Sch. & Lef. 73, 109.
The plaintiffs are not barred by the act of .limitation of
27th October 1785. 1. The plaintiffs contend that the statute gives no title;
that it bars only the action, and not the right of entry; and that the bar has been avoided by entry of the town, and the leases between the defendants.
Clarke, the father of the defendant, entered before the 1st of October 1780, ithout colour of title, and (without considering the exception to the clause) the adtion was barred i. 1788. In 1795, Clarke perniitted the town to enter, (which the execution of the lease supposes) accepted a lease from the town, (this he acknowledges in the counterpart executed by him, and by the payment of rent) and thereby acknowledged the right of the town.
The statute bars only the remedy therein named. BaL on Lim. 59- 2 Salk. 422. "Bro. Pail. Ca. 67. Lord Raym. Rep. 741.
2. The defendants are estopped by their leases from

JANUARY TERM 1830.
'[The Society for the Propagation, &c. vs. The Town of Pawlet, &c.]
setting up this defence under this statute. The tenant, by accepting a lease, acknowledges the title of. the landlord, and disclaims his own; and the town enter and lease expressly in virtue of their title under the act of 1794: both parties recognize that as the only existing title.
The case must now rest on the title of the landlord ; and he cannot set up this title, as it would show title out of the landlord and in the tenant, which would be repugnant to the effect of the lease. And the tenant can set up no title against his landlord, on the ground that he can have no such title. Blight's Lessee vs. Rochester, 7 Wheat. 547. 6 Jdhns. Rep. 34. 1 Caines's Rep. 444. 2 Caines's Rep. 215. 3 Caines's Rep. 188. 2 Camp. Rep. 12, and notes. The plaintiffs' rights are saved by the ninth section of the act: "provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that this act shall not extend to any person or persons settled on lands granted or sequestered for public, pious, or charitable uses."
1. The plaintiffs contend that the words .' this act," ex vi termini, extend to the whole act. 2. That the proviso can only be limited.by construction; and that statutes of limitations are construed strictly to save the rights of the legal owner, especially an act limiting actions to two years and eight months, without any saving clause in favour of persons beyond seas. The statute 12th of Ien. VIII. c. 2, enacted that formedons in remainder' and reverter should be brought within fifty years. It was holden not to extend to formedons in descender. Co. Lit. 115. Hargrave's notes, 148. 3. The restrictive construction would be unreasonable. The effect would be to give the settler no improvements, if sued for public lands on the 30th of June; but would give, him the land, together with the improvements, if sued the next day. 4. No inference can be drawn from the location of this section; for if it were conceded that the proviso of the fourth section extended only to the parts of the act relating to improvements, it would furnish no reason why a subsequent section of provisos should not extend to.the whole act.
The fourth section is placed in the middle of those re-
specting improvements, and therefore must apply to what fol-

488

SUPREME COURT..

[The Society for the Propagation, &c. vs. The Town of Pawlet, &c.]
"lows,as well as what precedes it. Besides, it will be found that this section applies to the clause of limitation also. * The counsel then went into a particular exafnination of the statutes of Vermont on the subject of limitations: and contended, that the construction of the whole act of the 27th of October 1785 is; that when a person entered into possession of lands of another, to which he. had purchased a title, supposing at the time of -the purchase such title to be good in fee, 'he shall be entitled to recover of the owner the value of. the improvements and one half of what said lands are risen in Value; and shall be quieted in possession of the lands, if hb remains till after the 1st of July 1788; without suit against him.
That if he entered without a supposed title, he shall be entitled to recover the value of his improvements; but he shall have no allowance for the rise of-the land. But if, by the proviso in the fourth section, he entered after the 1st day of October 1780, he shall'not be entitled to recover for his improvements ; nor be protected by the clause of limitation.' And, if he entered after the 1st day of July, without legal title, he could not recover improvements; nor-be protected by the clause of limiiation.
And if he got possession at any time by actual ouster of the legal owner, according to the fourth section, or had "settled on lahds granted or sequestered for public, pious, or charitable uses ;" or had 'got the possession of lands by virtue of any contract with the legal owner, according to the ninth section; he could.not recover for improvements, nor be protected by the clause of limitations..
He denied that the construction contended for by the defendant was correct.
1. From the history of the act. 2. That it is contrary to
the intention of the legislature, as shown by a particular examination of the laws relative to limitations. -3 'From the .acts of the'legislature; exempting the p-tb'hc rights from the giand list of the state, from which all annual taies are made up for the support of government, schools, high ways, the poor, &c.

JANUARY TERM 1830.

489

EThe Society for the Propagation, &c. vs. The Town of Pawlet, &c.]
2. The defendants are not protected" by the general statute of limitations passed the 10th of March 1787. This statute has no operation upon any'case where the cause of' action has accrued before the passing thereof. The words of the statute are: "no act of ejectment, &c. shall hereafter be sued, &c. for the recovery of any lands, &c. where the cause of action shall accrue after the passing of this act ; but within fifteen years next after the cause of action shAll accrue to the plaintiff or demandant, &c. Has. Ed.
of the Stat. 100, 101.' But what is very decisive of this question is, that both the
general statutes of limitations above referred to, *contain a proviso in favour of infants, &c. and persons beyond seas. The statutes, therefore, have never .commenced running against the plaintiffs in this case, they having always been
beyond seas.
The plaintiffs -then contend that they are entitled to recover the seisin and possession of the lands, because : 1. The cause of action had accrued before either of the statutes of limitation had passed, and is therefore not with the enacting clauses. 2. If it was, still the right of the plaintiffs is saved'under the proviso to protect the lands granted for public, pious, or charitable uses. 3. Because the plaintiffs always have been, and still are, beyond seas.
The plaintiffs are efititled to recover for mesne profits. At common law, an action df trespass, after recovery in ejectment, was the proper action to recover the mesne profits, and such other damages as the plaintiffs had sustained. Run. on Eject. 156, 157.' Bul. N. P. 87. 8 Wil. Rep. 121 An action for the mesne profits was coflsequential to the* .recovery in ejectment. Aslin vs. Parker, 2 Br. Rep. 668. The common law of England was adopted by statute so far as is not repugnant to the constitution, or to any act of the legislature. See Has. Ed. 28. .The form of the English action was adopted by statute; and was the only form used till the statute of 1797. Has. Ed. p. 196. And upon recocovery, the action of trespass was the only action used to recover mesne profits and any other damages: for in the action of trespass, the plaintiff was not confined to the mesne
VOL. IV.-3 M

490

SUPREME COURT.

[The Society for the:Propagation, &c. v8.The Town of Pawlet, &c.]
profits only; he w~s entitled to recover for ahy damages which the defendant had done to the premises ;'such as cutting timber, or injuring or .pulling down buildings, or Ye-" moving fixtures, &c. Costs in ejectment'were recovered as damages in the action of trespass. 2 Bur. Rep. 665.
The court say that damages may be recovered to four times the amount of the mesne profits. 3 Wils. Rep. 121.
It remains to inquire, for what length of time we are en-
titled to recover. 1. We contend, that as the action itself is within provisos
protecting the plaintiffs from the operation of the statutes of limitation, it extends to all the incidents of,the action in which. the land itself is *recovered, and consequently will go
back to the first entry of the defendant. 2. 'If not, the plaintiffs are entitled for fifteen years before
the commencement of the suit. The action of ejectment generally is limited to fifteen years; and that time in all cases would regulate the other incidents of the action.
The reason why, that at common law there could be no recovery beyond six years, is because the damages must be recovered in an action-of trespass, and that action was limited to six years.
The statute of 1797 merely changed the remedy to the form
now used. Comp.L. 84. Toll.Ed. 90,91. Bythis statute, the plaintiff is entitled to recover as well his damages, as the seisin and possession of the premises. Under this statute, the plaintiff is entitled to recover for the same injuries, and to the same amount, as before the alteration he was entitled to recover in the action of trespass. The first restriction upon such recovery was introduced by a statute passed November 5th 1800; Toll. Ed. 211. Comp. L. 176; by the third section of which it is enacted, "that in all actions of ejectment which now are, br hereafter may be brought, the plaintiff, &c. shall recover nothing for the mesne profits, except upon such part of said improvements as were made by the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or such person or persars, under whom he, she or.they hold." By the fifth section it is provided, "that this act shall not extend to any person or persons in possession of any lands granted for

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[The Society for the Propagation, &c. vs. The Town of Pawlet, &c.]
public or pious uses ;" and by the eighth section, "this act shall not extend to any person or per.ons, who shall enter upon and take possession of lands after the passipg of this act."
It follows, therefore, that as the defendants are upon lands appropriated to public, pious, and charitable uses, that they are not entitled to the benefit of this 'provision of the act. It'follows, also, that, as this provision of the act can operate only upon cases that had taken place before the passing of the act, it is wholly retrospective and void. See 2 Gal. Rep. 139. 7 Johns. Rep. 477.
Mr Doddridge, for the defendants, argued: 1. The plaintiffs have shown no capacity to recover these lands, or to hold them. They have offered no evidence of a charter of incorporation, constituting them a body politic; or any act of incorporation authorising them to institute this suit. This is essential to the commencement of the suit; and the plaintiffs, for want of such proof of their existence as a corporation, have failed in limie. The rule of law is, that every person, natural or artificial, who would avail himself of a deed or take any benefit by it, must produce the deed itself. 10 Coke, 92, a. b. And this rule prevails, without exception, in. relation to charters or, other acts erecting bodies politic. Without such a charter they can have no legal existenc'e. Page's case, 1 Coke, 52. Rex vs. Passmore, 3 Term Rep. 247. 8 Coke, 8. Coke Lit. 225. 8 Johns. Rep. 295. Lord Raym. 1535. * Xyd on. Corp. 29,2. Bul. Nisi Prius, 107. Before any corporate act can be given in evidence, its charter must be produced. United States vs. Johns, 4 Dal].
412. It has been supposed that the existence of the, society
having become matter of history, it is unnecessary to show the court its corporate character and capacity by producing the act of incorporation.
The distinQtion between such facts as may or may not be -proved by history, is well settled. Those which are of

SUPREME COURT.
[The Society for the Propagation, &c. vs. The Town Iof Pawlet, &c.1
general concern, which affect nations, as the revolutions of governments and the sue'cession of princes, miay be proved by history. But the evidence of a private right, as a custom; or of a corporation, which is of much less notoriety than a custom, cannot be so proved. I Salk. 281.
Is it assumed by the plaintiff that the existence of this society-as a corporation is acknowledged by the royal grant of the town of Pawlet, made by governor Wentworth, in 1761.
Is it true that a royal grant of land to an indefinite num-
ber of individuals,.by a general description, is -of1tself to be received against strangers as evidence of the corporate ca-pacity of the individuals ? 'This court, in -Pawlet vs. Clarke et al. 9 Cranch, 172, determined such a grant to be void.
The. doctrine urged by the plaintiff.is conceived to be without authority, and contrary to the -whole theory of 'eking's grafits." The king's grants shall not enure to any. other intent*than that which is precisely expressed id the giant. 2 BI. Com. 347. .acIosripto.txrauteibtnhat the right to hold lands islegally incident to
' This is denied. A corporation can only act up- to the -end or design, whatever that may be, for which it.. was created by the founder. 1 BI. Com.' 480.  Corporations cannot be seised of lands for the use of another. Bacon on Uses, 347, 1 BI. CQm. 477. *The.cases cited -for the plaintiffs, of the effect of a grant of lands by-the king to a cQrporation, do not sustain .the principle.
It is alleged- that. the general assembly of 'Vermont, by several legislative acts, have recognized all grants made to the society, as made to an existing corporation. -.None of the acts of the legislature recognize the right of, any foreign compagy to take or hold land. The interference of. the. assenbly was for purpa-is entirely distinct, if not adverse, to -such recognition.
The-acts of Vermont are founded on thi-e supposition that these lands are vacant, and in default of ownership needed the care of the legislature. Even the lasf act, Which grants the lands to the towns in which they lie, for tie use of schools, -although it .mentions them as having been granted to "the

JANUARY TERM 1830.

493

[The Society for the Propagation, &c. vs. The Town of Pawlet, &c.]
-Society for Propagating the Gospel in Foreign Parts,"' does not redite, affirm, or admit the fact of the incorporation of such society; muchf less its capacity to hold lands.in perpetual succession.
But if it had done so, it would have left the question, for every practical pudrpose, where it found it. The state has no power over any foreign societyjor body whatsoever.
It is denied that an express declaration by the legislature, that "the'plaintiffs are a corporation.and competent to sue, would have any operation. -Ithas been settled in Vermdnt," on solid grounds, that it is not competent for the legislature to supply evidence 'to. a party in a particular case. 1 Chip. Rep. 237. What is legal or pertinent eiidence, is a question exclusively for the court to determine.
The legislature has power to create a corporation; but it has no power. to create one within the realm of Great Britain.
Neither the people'of Vermont, nor the defendants, have ever known any thing of the society but its name. Nearly seventy years ago the charter of this town of Pawlet, containing the lands'sued, for, was issued in the-name of the king..
The town has been divided among the grantees. The forest has been felled, and the soil made fruitful by its owners. For fifty-years, ihe defendant and his ancestors have peaceably possessed 'this land ; now claimed by a supposed body of men of whom nothing is known. Men who have never attempted to locate the lands, who never improved it, possessed it, or ever claimed to possess it.
Recently, certain persons in this county, not pretending to be of the society, have required the occupant of the soil, who has so long-cultivated and improved the lands, to yield them to a foreign corporation ; -of whose capacity or right they know nothing, and of which they pertinaciously refuse to exhibit any evidence. May not the validity of a claim so circumstanced be well doubted I Does not the legal suspicion attach to the withholding of the charter; that if it wa's
exhibited, it would develope circumstances fatal to the claim of the society.
Again, it is insisted, that the defendants cannot requiie

SUPREME COURT.
[The Society for the Propagation, &c. vs. The Town of Pawlet, &c.]
the production of this charter, because the town of Pawlet has taken possession of this property as having been the property of the society, and so coniinued until the revolution; described it as known by the name of "the society right ;" and now claim it as forfeited by the revolution. .
Where a party resorts to the admissions of his adversary, the whole admission must be taken .together. Adopt this rule, and the title of the defendants is indisputable. If it is admitted that the land once belonged to a body corporate ; the same statement asserts that it no longer belongs to it, but has been forfeited.
As to a legislative recognition, it cannot avail, if to enact facts for a particular case is contrary to law, and this is certainly -so.
If it be said, that if the lands were not the property of the society, there would be nothing for -the statute of Vermont to operate on; the answer is; that the word of the statute, which refer to "the society land" are descriptive, and no
more. It is not well supposed, that the defendants hold or claim
to hold under a grant from Vermont. They are in peaceable possession of the land, and have held it for nearly half a century, inder a legal'and a fair title, as they believed: and on this they have a right to rest until a better right shall be made to appear by legal, competent and appropriate testimony.
It is an indispensable rule in ejectment, that the plaintiff must entitle himself to recover by the force of his own legal title; and he can derive no support from the weakness of his adversaries.
Evidence of title consists, 1. In showing possession and a~ts of ownership, from which the legal title may be presumed.
2. In proving a particular title. 2 Stark. on Ev. 514. He who claims as heir, must prove the seisin of his ancestor ; and afterwards that he is heir. A guardian in socage, who has an interest in the land, must in ejectment prove that -hisward is heir; that he is guardian ; that his ward is then under the age of fourteen. 2 Stark. on Ev. 521. These

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[The Society forthe Propagation, &c. vs. The Town of Pawlet, &c.]
authorities show the error of the assumption that the defendants, having pleaded the general issue, admitted the right .of the plaintiffs to sue as a corporation.
The general issue," says sir William Blackstone, " is what traverses and denies at once the whole declaration." 3 Com. 306. How the denial of the whole can be construed an admission of a part, or any part of the right of the party,
is not perceived. It is agreed that. temporary disabilities, which delay the
suit only, cannot be relied upon under the general issue. It is only an admission that the party named may sue, not that he has a right to recover what he sues for : either in the way he sues, or in any other. His title to recover in all such cases depends on his proof. The non-joinder of all the parties in interest in a suit is fatal; and yet the principle which is claimed for the plaintiff negatives this well established and proper rule. It is not an answer on the trial to the objection of want of parties, when the evidence of the plaintiff is given, showing that he is tot the only party who can claim to recover; that the general issue has been pleaded, and that all such objections have been waived. The spirit of the rule which is claimed in this case should go further to protect a plaintiff showing some right, although not the whole right, than to maintain that one can sue who has shown no right at all.
The case of Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Comnany, 1 Peters, 450, wien examined, dsserts nothi g contrary to the principles which-are now stated. In that case, it is said by the distinguished and lamented judge who tried the case at the circuit court of Pennsylvania, judge Washington, that the object of the suit " was to try the merits of the case ;" and a technical objection taken to defeat the declared purpose of the parties, came in under no favcur.
If one sues as guardian, executor, or in any fiduciary cha-" racter, the general issue does not confess his character, and he must prove it. So if an assignee sue, he must, on 'the general issue, prove the assignment. In this case the plea does not questioi the right of the-plaintiff to sue: but as the plea denies every material allegatioi in 'the declaration, it

496

SUPREME COURT.

[The Society for the Propagation, &c. vs. The Town of Pawlet, &Q]
cannot admit they have title to the thing denianded; or capacity to acquire it ;. or any matter or thing touching the
title. It is urged that the defendants are estopped by the lease
from disputing the capacity of the plaintiffs to take the land. A tennnt, it is well said, is estopped to deny the title of his landlord ; but the defendants are not tenants to the society. They have shown no-title but possession, nor are they.bound to exhibit any other- until some title is exhibited- by the
plaintiffs.
There is no privity of contract, action or interest, or relation between the plaintiffs and the defendant ; and the doctrine of estoppels applies*to such cnses. What privity or *relationship exists between the dei mdants and the pretended corporation. The very fac of capacity..; which it is the object of the reasoning of the plaintiffs' counsel toinfer or assume; should be proved by proper evidence, before any foundation is laid. for inferences. It is required first to assume the corporate capacity of the plaintiff; then the rely'tionship of -the defendants to. it, to estop the defendants' denial.. Such.assumptions-are not-warranted by the law, or by
the facts of the case.
If the facts were as the plaintiffs assume, they do not forth a legal estoppel, and prevent the defendant from a-denial of the capacity 9f the plaintiffs to sue for these lands or to hold them.
.E 'ery-estoppel ought to be reciprocal; that is, to bind
both parties. 3 Coke, 352.. The name given, to the land in the lease "known" by the
name of the society or propagation right," is not the name in'which the plaintiffs declare- it'may be as well appropriated to one society as to another.
Upon the statutes of limitations, it is-contended ; that the plaifitiffs'are barred of their right of action, should the court .cons;der that they have estdblished a capacity to maintain
their suit. - Under the provisions of the act of 1785, the defendant is 'fully protected. The ,record shows that the father of the defendant entered on the land in the spring .of 1780, and

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Thb Society for the Propagation, &c. tis. The Town of Pawlet, &c.]
continued in possession until April 1795, when his son entered, and has ever -since continued'in the possession of the land. It is fairly to be inferred,, that Ozia s'Clarke came into posiession under his father. And, thus, a possession of upwards of forty years is made-out; a length of possession undisturbed, which entitles the party to the most.favourable.considerati on. On, the 10th of .March 1787'the legislature pissed the quieting act; which, it is admitted, does not embrace this case: but it is referred to in order to. show the existence of.a general disposition in the legislature to impose limitations'on all titles derived from the mother country. It was doubtless the intention of the legislature, that the alarm as to titles growing out of. the revolutionary struggle should be allayed, and that the holders and occupants. of lands, so situated, should be speedily quieted in their titles; and their titles made complete, under the speciallegislation, growing out of the exigencies of the times. The rights of these parties, we therefore contend, vested undei, these laws, and no subsequent laws can divest them. The laws thus made constituted a contract -on the part of the state; so far, at least, as'that the title vested under the laws should not be divested by a repeal or change of the law of limitations.
The plaintiffs contend, that the last proviso, save one, in the quieting act, exempts the society from the limitations of the last section.
On the part of the defendants, it is urged that this proviso applies only to the previous part of the law; and by.its position, as well as its purpose, is so restricted' Should it have the 'operation claimed for it by.the plaintiffs, it will entirely defeat the purposes of the statute.
The act of 1795 consists of two distinct and independent 1iarts, the subjects of which bear to each other no affinity or connexion ; no more than if the legislation upon them was in two distinct laws. A particular examination of the sec-
tions.of the law fully supports this position. Sound principles of construction, and the requirenments of
justice determine, in order to attain the -intention of the legislature, that the tv;o parts of the statute be treated as se-
V6L.'IV.-3 N

498

SUPREME COURT.

[Tbe Society for the Propagation, &c. vs. The Tow, of Pawlet, &e.]
parate and distinct; as much-so as if contained in two statutes.
Separate statutes, or several statutes upon the same subject, are to be considered as one subject, for the purpose of interpretation. 1 Bur. 447. So if two distirct matters be embraced in one statute, they shall be considered as two acts. 7 Bac. Ab. 551. Hob. 226. Perkins, 13, 14.
The act of limitations of 1785, it is contended, is the only. one applicable to the case; and it has no exception in favour of persons "beyond sea." Those words in the law of 1787 have nothing to do with this controversy.
But if they had, this is in the nature of an exception to the statute, and it is to be proved by him who would take advantage of it. That these corporations were beyond. sea is not proved; and it is not to be presumed.
This court has determined, that to give the court jurisdiction, you may look 'back of the corporation, and must find, in .case the jurisdiction is claimed between citizens of different states, that none of the corporators are citizens of the same state with that of the qdverse party.
It is contended, that the statdte of limitations does not apply, because the entry of the defendants, and those under .whom ihey claim, was upon a supposed title. This is denied. The defendant, Clarke, is in possession; and this is all that cai be required of him until the plaintiffs have shown their tit[e. The terms of the act clearly embrace the case of the defendants; and the plaintiffs have made out no case of exception. It is understood that the decisions of the courts of Vermont on this statute have always been according to the literal meaning of the law.
It is denied that the act of 1801, by excepting lands of the description of those claimed by the plaintiffs, reserves the remedy for the recovery of these lands. The argument, that no subsequent statute could affect rights acquired under a precedent law, has already been submitted ; and it is also said with confidence, that the court will not admit that a repeal of the prior law was intended by implication. The act of 1805 is considered as in full force in Vermont, and
many titles depend upon it.

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[The Society for the Propagation, &c. vs. The Town of Pawlet, &c.]
Are the plaintiffs entitled to recover mesne profits, and for what time.
Thereis.a strong analogy between the limitation of actions for the recovery of the land, and for the recovery of mesne profits. At common law there could be a recovery for a longer period than six years.
In England, where the right io recover for mense 'profits was first established, the defendants had probably been, in all the cases, occupantg of improved land. In this'case, the claim of the plaintiffs is for the mesne profits of land which when first possessed was in a-state of nature, and which has been made productive by the industrious improver. Every principle of justice would require that a claimant under a long dormant title, should not have a compensation for an occupancy which had con'erred upon. the property such additiofial value.
In accordance with these principles; the legislature of Vermont have acted; and while on the one hand they have secured to the occupant the value of his. improvements, on the other they have denied to the successful claimant any supposed profits of lands, unimproved when the occupation of the defendant commenced. Act of the legislature of Vermont, the 15th of November 1820.
This action was commenced in 1824, and is clearly within the provisions of this act; and there is nothing in the distinction as to the title under which the defendants held.
It would, seem to have been the manifest intention'of the legislature of Vermont, while it denied the occupants without supposed title the value of their improvements, to.relieve them from liability.for mesne profits ; to which, being benefited by the improvements which the party recovering thd land takes without compensation, he could have no just claim.
Mr Webster in reply. As to the capacity of the plaintiffs to take and hold the lands: The capacity in which they act is admitted in the pleadings. They sue as a corporation, and they are by the plea of the general issue admitted to be such, and so to be

500

SUPREME COURT.

[The Society for the Propagation,-Ac. vs. The Town of Pawlet, &c.]
taken. The capacity of, the corpoiation to hold lands is sufficiently proved by producing a grant of lands to it by the king himself. The differebce between this case and that of the Town of-Pawlet vs. Clarke, in 9 Cranch, is that the grant was there t6 the church of England, and not to a cot"poration.
The defendants claim under the act of 1794, which act" admits the existence of the corporation, and of their capacity to take the lands.
The lease to the defendant from the town of Pawlet shows that he claims under the crown. The town claims under tie state, and the state claims under the society, -and the society hold under the crown. The state assert their right as successors to the society, on the occurrence of the revolution. Thus all parties claim under the crown, and all are bound by their acts. -
As fo the statute of. limitations, he said that the act only barred the action, not the entry; and in 1794 the town of Pawlet actually entered in this very right. -They entered as having acquired the right of the society, and holding inderit.
The defendant, Clarke, admitted this right; he. now holds the lands under it; and he cannot dispute the right; although he may deny that the right belongs to the plaintiffs, and may contend that it has passed to the town.
The defendant cannot set up any title but that under which he entered;. and having entered under the town, that title and that alone can he set up on that title only can he
stand.

Mr Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the Court; Mr Justice BArfDwiN dissenting on the first point.
This cause is certified to this court, from the circuit court for the distribt of Vermont; upon certain points upon which the judges of that court were opposed in opinion..,
The original action Was an ejectment, in the nature of a real- action, according to the local practice, in which no fictitious persons intervene; *and it was brought in May 1824, to recover a certain lot of land, being tho first division lot

JANUARY TERM 1830.

501

[The Society for the Propaghtion, &6. vs. The Town of Pawlet, &c.1
laid out to the right of a society in the town of Pawlet. The plaintiffs ard described in the writ as "1the society for the propagation of the gospel in foreign parts, a corporation duly established in England, within the dominions of the king of the united kingdom of Great Britainand Ireland, the members of which society are aliens and subjects of the said
king." The defendants pleaded the general issue, not guilty, which was joined; and the cause was submitted to a jury for trial. By agreement of the parties at the trial, the jury were discharged from giving any verdict; upon the. disagreement of the judges upon the points growing out of the facts stated in the record. Those points have been argued before us; and. it remains for me to pronounce the decision of the court.
The first point is, whether the plaintiffs have shown that
they have any right to hold lands: In considering this point, it .ismaterial to observe'that no
plea in abatement has been filed, denying the capacity- of the plaintiffs to sue; and no special plea in abatement, or bar, that there is no such corporation as stated inthe writ(a).
The general issue is pleaded, which admits the competency of. the plaintiffs, to sue in the corporate capacity in Which they-have sued. If the defendants meant to have insisted upon the want of, a corporate capacity in the. plaintiffs to .sue, it should have been insisted upon by a special plea in abatement or bar. Pleading to the merits has been held by this court to'be an admission of the capacity of the plaihltiffs to sue. Conarl vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company,
I Peters's Rep. 386, 450(b).
But the point here raised is not so much whether the plaintiffs are entitled to sue generally as a corporation, as whether they have shown a riglht to hold lands. The general issue admits not only the competency of the plaintiffs to sue-

(a) Comyn's Dig. Abatement; E. 16. Mayor, &c. of Stafford vs. Bolton, I Bos. & Pull. 40. 1 Saunders's Rep. 340. Williams's.Notes. 6 Taunt. Rep.
467. 7 Taunt. 546. (b) See the case of Sutton Hospital, 10 Co. 30, b. Comyn's Dig. Fran."
ebise, F. 6, 10, U1, 15. Capacity, A. 2. See also Proprietors of Kenebeck Purchase vs. Call, 1 Mass. Rep. 482, 484. Mayor, &c. of Stafford vs. Bolton, 1 Boo.&-NPol4.0: i-Siide's's Rep.440, note by Willtan.

502

SUPREME COURT.

[The Society for the Propagation, &c. vs. The Town of Pawlet, &c.]
but to sue in the particular action which they bring. But
in the present case, we think, there is abundant evidence in the record to establish the-right of the corporation to hold
the lands in controversy. In the first place, it is given to them by the royal charter of 1761, which created the town of Pawlet. Among the grantees therein named, is "the .society forthe propagation of the gospel in foreign parts," to whom one share in the township is given. This is a plain recognition, by the crown, of the existence of the corporation, and of its capacity to take. It would confer the power to take the lands, even if it had not previously existed. And the other proceedings stated on the record, establish the fact that the s6ciety had received various other donations
from the crown of the same nature; and had accepted them. Besides, the act of 1794, under which the town of Pawlet
claims the lands, distinctly admits the existence of the corporation, and its capacity to take the very land in controversy.
" Whereas," says the act, " the society for the propagation of the gospel in foreign parts is a corporationcreated by
and existing within a foreign jurisdiction, to which they alone are amenable; by reason whereof, at the time of the late revolution of this .and of the United States from the jurisdiction of Great Bsitain, all lands in this state, granted to the society for the propagation of the gospel in
foreign parts, became vested in this state, &c."
And the act then proceeds to grant the right of the state, so vested in them, to the, various towns in which they are situated- So ihat the title pet ip by the state isu.nder the society, as a corporation originally capable to take the lands, and actually-taking them; and their title being divested, and vesting in the state by the revolution. In the latter particular the legislature' were mistaken in point of law. This court had occasion to decide that question, in The Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts vs. The Town of New Haven, 8 Wheat. 464; where it was held that the revolution did not divest the title of the society, although it was a foreign corporation. That case came before us upon a.special verdict, which found the original
charter of the society granted by William the Third, and

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[The Society for the Propagation, &c. vs. The Town of Pawlet, &c.]
its power to hold lands, 6&c. We do not, however, rely on that finding, as it is not incorporated into the present case. But we think the other circumstances sufficient, prima facie, to establish the right of the society as a corporation to hold lands; and particularly the lands in question. In Conard vs. The Atlantic Instrance Company, 1 Peters's Rep. 386, 450, the court held' evidence, far less direct and satisfactory, prima facie evidence of the corporate character of the plaintiffs. A certificate ought accordingly to be sent to the circuit court in answer to the first question ; that the plaintiffs have shown that they have a right to hold the lands in controversy.
The second point is, whether the plaintiffs are barred by, the three years' limitation in the act of the 27th of October 1783, or any other statute of limitations of Vermont.
The act of 1785 recites in the preamble, that many persons have purchased supposed titles to lands within the state etnd have taken possession and made large improvements, &c. It then proceeds to provide in the first eight sections, "for the blIlowance of improvements, &e. to the tenants, in-cased of eviction under superior titles. There is a proviso which prevents these sections from extending to any thing future. The ninth section is as follows: "provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that this act shall not extend to any person or-persons settled on lands *grantedor sequestered for public, pious, or charitable uses ; nor to any .person who has got possession of lauids by virtue of any contract made between him and the legal owner or owners thereof." The tenth section provides, that nothing in the act shall be construed to deprive any.person of his remedy at law against his voucher. The eleventh and last section is as follows: " that, no writ of right or other real action, no action of ejectment or other possessory action of any name or nature soever, shali be sued, prosecuted or maintained for the recovery of any lands, tenements or hereditaments, where the cause of action has accruedbefore the passing of this act; unless such action be commenced within three years next after the 1st of July in the pfesent year of our lord, 1788."

SUPREME COURT.
[The Society for the Propagation, &c. vs. The Town of Pawlef, &c.],
Now, in order to avail themselves of the statute bar under this last section, it is necessary for the defendant6 to show that the cause of action of- the plaintiffs accrued before the passing of that act. To establish that, -it. is necessary'to show that there had been an actual ouster of the plaintiffs, by some person entering into possession adversely to the ,plaintiffs. No such ouster is.shown upon the facts. It is, . indeed, stated, "that Edward Clarke, the father of the said Ozias Clarke,-went into possession of the said lot in'the spring of the year 1780, it not appearing that he had pur.chasedany title thereto;and so continued in possession thereof until the said defendant entered as aforesaid;" that is un:" der the lease of the -town. Edward Clarke is therefore. to be .treated as a mere intruder, withcut title ; and no ouster carf Pe presumed in favour of-such a naked possession. And it is not unworthyof no tice, that the fourth section of the act-of 1785 provided "thatno person, who hath ousted the -rightful owner, or got .possession of any improved estate by ouster, otherwise than by legal process, shall take any advantage or benefit by this act." So that a plain intention appears' "on the part-of the legislature not to give its protection tomere intruders, who designedly ousted the rightful owners., - It is also to'be considered that the defendants do not assert" any claim of title under him or in connexion with him; and-,. the other circumstances of the case lead to-the presumption,that he never setup any possession adverse to the society's rights ; for the possession was. yielded without objection to the town, when the act of 1794 enabled the town to assert-a title to it.
The act of 1785, being then in terms applicable only tocases where -the cause of action accrued before the passing of that act, cannot govern this case where -no such cause -existed. - There is, moreover, another difficulty in setting it up as a bar, if the proviso of the nirnth section extends, as we-think it does,'to every section of the act. - It has been argued by the counsel for the defendant, that the ninth.sece tion ought to be restricted in its operation to the eight preceding sections. But we- see no sufficient reason.for this. - The Words are 1" that this act shall not extehd," &c. ; not that

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[The Society for the'Propagation, &c. -s. The Town of Pawlet, &c.]
the prior sections of this act shall not extend, &c. It wouldbe strange, indeed,'if the legislature should interfere to pre. vent, any improvements being paid for, in cases of lands granted or sequestered for public, pious,.or charitable uses; and yet:should allow so short a period as three years to bar, for ever, the right of the grantees for charity. There are good grounds why statutes of limitation shoild not be applied against, grants for public, pious, and charitable usesi when they may well be applied against mere'private rights. 'The public have a deep and permanent interest in such charities; and that interest far. outweighs all considerations if mere private convenience. The legislature of Vermont has thought so; for we shall find, in its subsequent legislation', that it has by a similar provision excepted from the operation of all the.subsequent statutes of-limitation, grants-to such uses. There is then no reason why the' court should construe the words of the ninth -section as legs extensive than their litc:al import. The case ought to be'very strong," which- would justify any court to depart from th.e terms 'of an act;, and especially"to adopt a restrictive constructionwhich is subversive of public rights, and justified by no knowii policy of the legislalure. We feel compelled, therefore, to construe the words, that "-this act shall not extend,' &c." as embracing the whole act, and carving an:exception out of the operation of the eleventh, section of it, . Let us then see how far any. subsequent statute of limitations of the state applies to the case., The next statute in the order of time, is the act bf. the "10th -of March 1787, which provided as follows: ,, that no writ of right- or other real action, no action..of.ejectment, &c. shall "h e reaftei be suedi:&c. for the recoveiy nf any-lands, &c. where the causeof actibnshall accrue after thepassingof tis act, butwithin fifteen years next after the 'cause 'of action shall accrue to the plaintiff or demandaint, and those under whom he or they may claim. And that no, person having a right'of entry into any lands, &c.. shall hereafter thereinto enter butwithin fifteen years after such right -of. entry shall accrue." this act contained oproviion excepting grants.for public,
pious, or charitable uses from its 6peration.. 'But it contained VOL. I.-a 0

506 .

SUPIREME COURT.

[The Society for (lie Propagation, &c. vs. The Toawn of Pawlet, &c.]
a proviso that the act should not extend to bar any infant, person imprisoned, or beyond seas, without any of-the United States. The act was prospective, and applied only where the cause of action accrued after the passing of it. This act was superseded and repealed by another act of the 10th of November 1797, which constitutes the present governing statute of limitations of the state. It contains, however, a
proviso (sec.i 3) that the act shall not be construed to extend to or affect any right or rights,-action or actions, remedies, fines, forfeitures, privileges, oradvantages,accruing under any former act or acts, claose or clauses of acts falling
within the construction of that act, in any manner whatsoever; but that all proceedings may be had, and advantages taken thereon, in the same manner as though that act Iad
not been passed; and that the f6rmer act or acts of limitation, clause or clauses 6f acts, which are or were in force at the time of passing the act, shall, for all such purposes, be and remain in full force. This provis6 preserved the operation and force of the act of 1787, as to causes of action accruing in the intermediate period between the act of 1787,
and the act of 1797.
It this view of the matter, it is important to consider the entry of the defendant under the lease of the town, on the .16th of April 1795. If that entry was adverse to the title of the plaintiffs, then the act of 1787 began to run upon it from that period; for the cause- of action of the plaintiffs
then accrued to them by the ouster.
It has been contended by the plaintiffs' counsel, that the entry of Clarke under. the 'lease in 1795, was an entry for the plaintiffs, and in virtue of their title, and not adverse
to it. We do not think so- The town of Pawlet claimed the right to the property, not as tenants .to, or subordinate
to.the right of the plaintiffs ; but as grantees under the state. Their title, though derivativ6 from, and consistent with the original title of the plaintiffs, was a present claim in exclusion of, and adverse to the plaintiffs. They claimed the, pos-
session, as their own, in fee simple; and not as the possession of the plaintiffs. A vendee in fee derives his title from the vendor; but his title, thougi derivative, is adverse to

JANUARY TERM 1830

507

LTie Society foitie Propagation, &c. vs.The Town olPdwIl, C..]
that of the vendor., He enters and holds possession for him. self, and not for the vendor. Such was the doctrine of this court in Bligfit's Lessee vs. Rochester, "7Wheat. Rep. 535, 547, 548. The lessee in the present case did not enter to maintain the right of the plaintiffs, but of the town. He was not the lessee of the plaintiffs, and acquired no possession by their consent, or with their privity. This entry then was adverse to any subsisting title in them, and with an intention to exclude it. It Was therefore, in every jusL sense, an entry adverse to, and not under the plaintiffs.
The case then falls within the act of 1787; and unless
the plaintiffs are 11 beyond seas" within the proviso of that aCt, they would, upon the mere terms'of that act, be barred. The facts stated upon the record, do not enable us to say whether there is absolute proof to that effect. The' plaintiffs are a foreign corporation, the members of which are
averred to be aliens and British subjects ; and the natural presumption is, that they are resident abroad. If so, there cannot be a doubt, that they are within the exception. If any of the corporators were resident in the United States, then a nicer question might arise as to the effect of the proviso; whether it applied to the corporation itself, or to the corporators, as representingthe corporation. But this it is unnecessary to devise; and on this we give no opinion.
There is the less reason for it, because, by a subsequent" at, passed on the I th of November 1802, (long before the fifteen years under the act of 1787 had runt,) it was provided "that nothing contained in any statute of limitations heretofore passed, shall be construed to extend to any lands granted, given, sequestered or appropriated to.any public, pious, or charitable uses ; or to any lands belon,ging to this state. And any proper action of cjectment or other possessory action may be commenced, prosecuted, or defended for. the recovery of any such land or lands, any thing in any act or statute of limitations hcretofore, passed to the contrary notwithstanding." This act of course suspended the act of .1787, as to all cases. within its purvicv. That the grants to the society for the propagation of the gospel were deemed
to be grants for pious and charitable" uses withli it, is ap-

SUPREME COURT.-
[The Society for the Propagation, &c. bs. The Town of Pawlet, &c.]
parent from the subsequent legislation of the state, as well as from the objects of the institution. In November 1819 the legislature. passed an act repealing this exception, so far as related to the rights "of lands in the state, granted to the society for the propagation of the gospel in foreign parts," thus plainly'declaring that they were previously protected by it. This repeal'cannot have any retrospective operation, as to let in the general operation of the statute. of limitations in the intermediate period'between 1802 and 1819; but must upon principle be held to revive the statute only in future. The present suit was brought in 1824, and the statute period of fifteen years had not then run against the plaintiffs.
It is unnecessary to enter upon the consideration of the statute of limitations of 1797, which contains similar provisions as to this subject with that of 1787, and the exception of persons "beyond seas.' Charitable and.. pious grants were not- excepted from its operation ; -but that defect was cured by an act passed on the 26th of October 1801, in terms similar.in substance,to thpse of the act of 1802, already referred to. The act of 1797, applies in terms only to future causes of.action,'to causes of action accruing after the passing of the act;.and limits the action to the period of fifteen years. If it baa tpplied to the, present case, it would have been open to the same reasoning upon the exceptions, which have.been.already suggested in reference to the act of'1787.
Upon this.,second question our opinion is, that a certificate ought to be sent to the Oircuit court, that the plaintiffs are not barred by the three. years' limitation, in the act of the.27th of October 1785, or by any other-of the statutes of limitations of Vermont..
The next point is, whether, under the laws of Vermont, the plaintiffskare entitled to recover mesne profits; and if so,. for vhat length of time.
Previous to the year-1797, the 'English/'action of ejectment was in -use in Vermont, and- the common law applicable to it,.as well a.the action.for mesne profits consequen'fial upon rbcdvery in ejectment. By an'.act passed on the 2d of March 1797, the mode of Oroceeding .as altered.

JANUARY TERM 1830.,
[The Society for the Pro jagation, &c. -s. The Town of Pawlet, &c.]
The suit was requiredto be brought directly between'the real parties, and against both landlords and.tenahts ; and by that and a subsequent act, the judgment was 'made conclusive between the parties. It was further provided, that in every such -action, if judgment-should be rendered for the plaintiff,he should recover, aswell his.damages;asthe seisin and possession ofthe premises. - This provision has ever since remained in full force, and has superseded-in such cases- the action for mesne profits. In November 1800,'an act was passed, declaring, "that in all actions of ejectment which now are, or hereafter may be brought, the plaintiff shall recover nothing for the mesne profits, except upon such part of said improvements as were made by the- plaintiff, or plaintiffs, or such person or persons under whom he, she -or they hold." The act contained a proviso, that it should not extend to any person or persons in possession of any lands' granted for lublic or pious uses. This act continued in force until November 1820, when an act passed containing the same general provision as to the mesne profits; but the proviso in-favour of lands granted to pious and charitable uses was silently dropped, *and must bre deemed -to be re-
pealed by implication.
The question -then is, whether, the act of 1820 does not take away the right to mesne profits in this case; for the state of facts does not show that any improvements have ever been made by the plaintiffs. The treaty of peace of 1783; the British treaty of 1794, do not apply to the case. The right of action, if any, of the 'plaintiffs, did not accrue until the year 1795. The entry then made by the defendants was the first ouster; and at that time, in the action of ejectment, the plaintiffs could not have recovered any damages; but would have been driven to*an action of trespass for mesne profits. The legislature was competent to regulate the remedy by ejectment, and to limit its operation. It has so limited it. It has taken away by implication the right to recover mesne profits, as consequential upon thee recovery
mn ejectment, and given the party -his damages in the latter action. It has prescribed the restrictions upon~which mesne profits shall be recovered;. and these %restrictions are obli-

SUPREME COURT.
[The Society for the Pcopagation, &c vs. The Town ul Pewlet, &c.j
gatory upon the citizens of the state. The plaintiffs have not, in this particular, any privileges by treaty beyond those of citizens. They take the benefit of the statute remedy to recover theii right to the lands ; and they must take the remedy with all the statute restrictions.
Upon this last question our opinion is,,that it ought to be certified to the circuit court, that under the laws of Vermont the plaintiffs are not entitled to.'recov-6r. ny.mesne 7profits-; unless so far as they can brihig their cse within the provisions of the third section of the act of the 15th of November 1820.
This cause came on to. be heard on the transcript of the record, from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Vermont, and on the points or questions on which the judges of the said circuit court were opposed in opinion, and which points or -questions were certified to this court for its opinion, in pursuance of the act of congress for that purpose made and provided, and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, it is ordered by this court, that it be certified to the said circuit court, on the points aforesaid, that this court is of opinion, 1. That the plaintiffs have shown that they have a right to hold lands, and especially the lands in controversy. 2. That the plaintiffs 'are not barred by-the three yeais limitation in the act of the 27th of October 1785, or by any other of the statutes of limitations of Vermont. And, 3. That under the laws of Vermont, the plaintiffs are not entitled to recover any mesne profits, unless so far-as they can bring their case within the provisions of the third sectiQn of the act of Vermont of the 15th.of November 1820. All of which is accordingly.here'by certified to the said circuit court of the United States for the distridt of Vermont.

JANUARY TERM 183o.

MAR

RONNENo0IFp, PLAILhTXPF wlErtoit vs*. JAXM~ N. TAY-
Lott's LEss.E, DEFENDANT ni ERRoR

The official-tax books of the corporation of Washington, made up byJe register from the original returns or lists of the assessors laid before the court of appeals, he being empowered by the ordinances of the corporation to correct the valuatidns made by the assessors, are evidence; and it is not required that the, -assessor's original lists shall be prbduced in evidence, to prove the.assessment of the taxes on real estate in the city of Washington. [359]
In an ex parte proceeding, as a sale of land for taxes under a special authority, great strictness is required. To divest an individual of his property against his consent, every substantial requisite of the law must -be complied with. No' presumption can be raised in behalf of a collector who sells real estate for taxes to cure any radical defect in his proceedings; and the proof of regularity devolves upon the person who claims under the collector's sale. [359]
Proof of the regular appointment of the assessors is not necessary. They acted under the authority of the corportion, and the highest eviderice of this &ctis the sanction given to their returns. [360,
The' act of congress, under which the lot'in. the city of 'Wasbhington ii controvei-y was sold, required that public notice of the time and place of sale of lots, the property ot rton-residents, should be given b.y Advertising" once-a wee" In some newspaper in the city, for three months. Notice of the sale of the lot In controversy was published for three months; but in the course of thabi period, eleven days at dne time, at another ten days, and at another eight dags transpired, In succeidlng weeks; between the insertions of the ad'ertisemerit.in-the newspapers. ,rA week" is a definite period oT time, commencing on Sunday and endfingon Sturday. The notice was published, Monday, Jnuar 6th, and was omitted until Saturday, January 18th, leavIng 6n interval of eleven days. Stillothg publication on Saturday was withii the week precedingthe notice of' the 6th ; and this was sufficient.  It would be a most rigid construction of the art of congress, justified neither by its spirit nor its language, to sy'that-this notice musit be published on any particular day' ofa week. If published once a week for three months, the law is complied with, and its object efietuatued. [361]
No doubt can exisf that a part of a lot may be sold for taxes, where !hey have accrued on such part. [361]
The lot on which the taxes were assessed, belonged to two persons as tenants in. common. *The assessment was made bv a valuation of each half of the lot. To make a sale of the interest ofone tenant in common fer unpaid taxes talid, it need not extend td the interest of both claimants : 'one having paid his tar,the interest of the other may well be sold (ot the balance. [361]
The advertisement purported to sell "half of lot No. 4, in .squareNo. 491;" and the other half was atvertised in the same nranner, as belonging'to the other tenant in cominon. This was nota sufficient advertisement; and a sale made under the same was void. [62]
It is not sufficient that in an advertisement of land for sale for unpaid taxes, such

SUPREME COURT.
[Ronkendorff vs. Taylor's Lessee.] a description is given as would enable the person desirous of purchasing to ascertain the situation of the property by inquiry; nor, if the purchaser at the sale had been informed of every fact necessary to enable him to fix a value upon the property, would the sale be valid, unless the same information had been communicated to the public in the notice. [362] The tenth section of the act of congress provides that real property in Washington, on which two or more years" taxes shall be due and unpaid, may be sold, &c. In this section a'distinction is made between a generaland a specialtax. Property may be sold to pay the former' as" soon as two years' taxes shall be due; but to pay thelatter, prope.rty cannot be sold until the expirationof two years after the'second-ear'stax becomes due. The taxes for which the property in controvprsy was sbla, became due, by the ordinance of the corporation, on the 1st. day of January 1821 and 1822. The special tax for paving was charged against the lot in 1820, and became due on the 1st of January 1821; bt the ground on which itwas assessed was not liable to be sold for the tax until the Ist of January 1823. The first notice of the sale was given on the bth of December 1822, nearly a month before the lot was liable to be sold for the special tax of 1820. Held, that the whole period should have elapsed which was necessary to render the lot liable to be sold for the specialtax, before the advertisement was pu'blishea. [364]
FROM the circuit court of the district 'of Columbia, for the county of Washington.
'This was. an ejectment, brought by the defendant in error, in the circuit court, for the recovery of an undivided moiety of a 'lot of ground in the city of Washington, No. 4, in square No. 491.
The lessor of the plaintiff in the.ejectment claimed to be entitled. to the lot.of ground as tenant in common with-the heirs at law-of Henry .Toland, deceased; and on the 10th of March 1823, the half of the lot so held by the lessor of the plaintiff, was set up and exposed to-public sale, a as-, sessed to James N. Taylor, for taxes due to the corporation of Washington, for the years 1820 and 1821, amounting,'in the whole, including, the expenses of the sale. to the :sum of forty-seven 'dollars and ninety-one cents ; and Henry'T. Weightiran beeame the purchaser of the same. Mary.Ronkendorffi the plaintiff in error, holds, as lessee, tinder the purchase at the tax sale.
Tn the circuit, court the jury returned a verdict for the.
plaintiff in the ejectment; upon which judgment for his 'nompired term in an undivided ;moiety of the lot as"tenant in common was rendered' in his favour, under the instructions of the court; to. which several exceptions were taken.

JANUARY TERM 1830.

351

[Ronkendorff vs. Taylor's Lessee.]
The plaintiff in the circuit court made out his title -under the commissioners of the city'of Washington, by regular conveyances to himself and Henry Toland deceased ; and it was agreed that the plaintiff's* lessee and Toland's heirs were under the same seised in fee as tenants in common of the premises, before the .sale 6f the half lot for taxes.
The defendant proved the assessment of the taxes on the lot, by the production of the-regular evidence, and that the taxes were assessed and the assessments were entered in the tax books, according to the forms usually pursued and authorised under the charter and ordinances of the corporation'of
Washington.
In the tax book of 1820, -the assessment of lot No. 4, in square No. 491, appears arranged in columns in the 'established and accustomed forms-; in which are placed the name and residence of the owner of the property ; the number of thE square; the number of the lot; its contents in square feet; the rate of assessment; the valuation ; the valuation of the improvements; and the amount of the tax.. The lot in controversy was entered in the tax book of 1820 thus:

0

.. *

Taylor, James N.
Paving tax, . Toland's heirs, Henry,

491 3, 4 4202 40 1680 1680 8 40 23 46 31 86
491 j 4 42021 40 1680 1680 8 40

In the tax book for 1821, the assessments of the lot were entered as follows :

Taylor, James N. . . I 491 11 4142021 40 116801 1680 18 401 Toland's heirs, Henry, 491 | 4142021 40 16801 1680 18 40 1

It was also proved, on the part of the defendant in the
.jectment, that the persons appointed to take thd value of the property liable to assessments for taxes in the city of Washington, usually perform the duty in October in each

352

.kPREME COURT.

tRonkendorff vs. Taylors Lessee.]
year, and, make out annual -lists. of the -same and of- its, asskessed value ; which, after being laid before the board of ap,, peal empowered to- cprrect-the valuations, are .returned to thie register of the'corporation, Iwith the corrections,.if Any, in whose custody and -office the. original books containirtg such liI.s .and valtiations are preserved;.-and the, register, by, the-authority of.the cqrpbrationu then proceeds to digest the tax..books, year byye.qr, in. the form described, and .transfer%,jt.-udh tax books,- from tbe -original assessment'books so returned by the'assessors, through.the board of appeal, the lists.6f the.several species,.descriptions *andparcels of pro.perty-on which isuch taxes are imposed, and the. pssesied valuttion ot..tne. same,. as corrected" by the board of appeal; extendiig in t e- proper. cojumrr- prepared for the purpose, the amount of the taxes-im posec -uponthe 'ame respecetively: which tax books, giveni iii dviden e by the defendant, were so made up and arrangqe. by tae register, ini-the'yars" 1820 and 1821 respewtilely the genefal taxes,,thqein, reapeoti~-ely assessed becOning due and payable, according to the lawso "the-_pprporati,;on i' the first, day of January of each year .then next ensuing ; h4t is to say, the general tax (exclusive 'of the special. tax-for paving) for the year 1S20, on the 1st-of January 1821 and that for thebyear 1821, on the Ist of Fanuabry 1822.
The court, -on-the motion of- the plaintiffi instructed the jury' that the tax, books, s6 given-in- evidence, by the defendant,--were not competent vdence to prove the assessments bf ft lot',for, the years 1820 and 821, unless the defendant' first provetd the iiegular app.ointment and authority of-the asAessurs whose books and, returns -were used in making up -and ar.rangiLg the tai books as aforesaid; 7and also produced
the original- books. to returned by' the assessors, through the board of apped, .in each. year respectively;. to which opiffid -and* i)dstr.uctin of"the court the defendant in the
circuit court. excepted'. It was, further proved-on -the part of the defendant, thet
the collector of the taxes-imposed by the corpotation in third and fourh.wards, vho wag authorised to advertise ard sell all pzoperty in those wards liable to,be sold by taxes, on Men-. -

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Ronkendorff vs. Taylor's Lessee.]
day the 6th of December, in the year 1822, the taxes on the lot in controversy being unpaid, caused to be inserted in the National, Intelligencer, the following advertisement:
"Will be sold, at public sale, on Monday the 10th of March next, at 10 o'clock,. A.M. at the City Hall, the following described property, to satisfy the corporation of Washington city for taxes due thereon up to the year 1821 inclusive, with costs and ,charges; unless previously paid to the sub-' scriber, to wit: (and amongst others are.the following.)

To whom assessed. mN'oof.suare.M.Tv'o, of lot. .&moun.

Jamnes N. Taylor,

491

Paving tax, in'st 10 per cent.

Henry Toland's heirs.

1 491

Ij of 4
I

$16 80 23 46

of 41 16 80

This advertisement was repeated, and republished, by the direction of the collector, on the several days following:
Friday, December 6th, 1822.-Satuirday DecemlnerI.4th, 1822,-Monday, December 16th, 1822.-Tuesday, De66mber 17th, 1822.-Wednesday,,December 25th, 1822.--Saturday, January 4th, 1823.-Monday, January6th, 1823.--., Saturday, January 18th, 1823.-Tuesday, January 21st, 1823.-Saturday, February 1st, 1823.-Tuesday, February 4th, 1823.-Thursday, February 6th, 1823.-Saturday, February 8th, 1823.-Tuesday, February lth, 182.-Wednesday, February 12th, 1823.-Thrsday, February 13th, 1823.--Friday, February 14th, 1823.-Saturday, February 15th, 1823.---:Monday, February 17th, 1823..--Tuesday, February 18th, 1823.-Wednesday, February 19th, 1823.-Saturday, March 1st, 1823.-Monday, March 3d, 1823.-Tuesday, March 4th, 1823.-Wednesday, March 5th, 1823.Monday, March 10th, 1823.
The tenth seiation of the act of congress of the I5th May 1820; "to incorporate the inhabitants of the city of Washington, and to repbal all other acts heretofore passed," requires that real estate upon which two years' taxes are unpaid and in arrear, shall be advertised "once a week" for three months.
In pursuance of his authority and duty, and according to the tenor of the advertisement, the collector, on the loth of
VOL. IV.-2 U

SUPREME COURT.
ERonkendorff vs. Taylor's Lessee.]
March 1823, set up at public sale one half of the lot No.4, in square No.,491; and the same having been purchased by Henry T."Weightman, he paid the amount of the purchase money on the I1th of March 1823, to the collector, who ihereupon executed and'delivered to him a certificate under his hand, and executed in t)ie presence of a witness; stating, that "at a sale made by me, as -colle6tor of taxes for the third and fourth wards of the city of Washington, on the 10th of March 1823, after due notice given as required by the acts of the corporation of said city, I set up-and exposed to. iublic, sale, half of lot No. 4, in square No. 491, assessed to James N. Taylor, for taxes due the said corporation on the same, for the years 1820 and 1821, amounting in the whole, including the expenses.of 'sale, to the. sum of forty-seven dollars and nineity-one cents; wHen a certain" Henry' T. Weightman, Being the highest bidder, became the purcha"serthereof, at and for -the sum of forty-seven dollars and 'ninety-one cents: the receipt of'fo'ty-seven dollars and. ninety-one cents is hereby acknowledged, subject however to-rbdemption as provided for by law.
The'collector made a return of the sale in the -following form:
i-1914 ames . Taylor, IH.T.Weightman, 145 a3J 258' 47 91
Mr Weightman entered upon the half lot so sold to him, and .was possessed thereof more than two years after the day of sale ; and afterwards, on-the 5th of October 1826, received. in "due form a conveyance in fee simple of the' said hdlf lot, which deed was duly recorded: the plaintiff's lessor, 3imes. N. Taylor, or any person for him or inhis behalf,-or any person whatever, not having at any time paid or in any manner tendered to Mr Weig'htman, or deposited in the hands of the mayor or other officer of the corporation, the money paid to the collector, or any part thereof. -  The court, onrthe motion of the plaintiff, Instructed the jury, thatthe adverisement of the property was defective and illegal in the several instances.and particulars followirig, to wit :

JANUARY TERM. 1830.
[Ronkendorff vs. Taylor's Lessee.]
1. That, being published and republished as aforesaid, on the several days aforesaid,' from the 6th of December 1822 to the 17th of March 1823, both inclusive, was not an advertisement "once a week" for three months, within the meaning of the.tenth section of the act of congress, passed on the 15th of May ]0,. "to incorporate tile inhabitants of the city of Washington, and to repeal all acts heretofore passed for that purpose."
2. That the said corporation, or its collector of taxes acting under its authority, was not compet'nt to advertise and sell any part of the said lot No. 4, in square No. 491, less than the entire lot, for the taxes so assessed on the same and due to the said corporation.
3. That the entire lot should have been assessed to the two tenantsin common, Taylor and Toland; and accordingly advertised and'sold, as assessed to them.
4. That the said advertisement did not sufficiently designate what half of the said lot was charged with the said taxes, and was to be sold for the same; and did not purport to be an.advertisement of an undivided moiety of the same for sale..
5. That the said corporation.or its said collector had no power or authority to advertise the said lot for sale, till the last of the two years' taxes, for which the same was advertised for sale, had remained unpaid and in,arrears for two
years. 6. That the said advertisement does'not purport to adver-
tise the said lot for two years' taxes unpaid and in arrears. 7. That the said property so attempted to be sold, wasnot
described with sufficient certainty, either in the advertise-
ment or at the sale. For which several defects, in the process of the. assess-
ment, advertisement and sale of the said lot, the said sale is illegal and void.
The defendant excepted to all these. instraLctions and opinions of the court, and prosecuted this writ of error.
The case was argued 'by Mr Jones for the plaintiIg in error; and by Mr Barrell and Mr Key for the defendant.

SUPREME COURT.
(iRonkendorff -vs. Taylor's Lessee.]
Mr Jones, for the plaintiffin error, contended; that the objections to the sale, whidh had been made for taxes, of the moiety of'the lot, were untenable.
The taxes for which the sale had been made, had bee. regularly assessed under the authority of the corporatiop of Washington, and in conformity to law; all the forms or the law and ordinances had been complied with in this assess'ment; the registering of the taxes; the advertisement; and the sale. He cited the charter and ordinances of the corporation in support of that position.
. Mr Barrelland Mr Key, for the defendant, contended; that no proof had been made on the trial in the circuit court of the assessment of the taxes. The original books of the assessors should have been produced; and not the statements or abstracts from them made by the register. There may have been alterations made on appeals, and the original books of .the assessors were the only legal evidence.
Laws for the :sale of lands for taxes should be construed strictly, and their provisions should be strictly pursued. They are penal in their nature and effects. They go to wrest the property of the owner out of his hands by act of law; and every form which the law directs must be entirely and fully answered. 8 Wheat. 682.
The description of the property was imperfect, it did not designate the part of the lot to be sold with sufficient, if with any precision. If the corporation could divide a lot, wiich is denied, in order to comply with the law, there should have
been an assessment of. &half lot, and a description of it as
such. To show that such a description was insufficient, cited, I Har. & Gill, 172.
The publication of the advertisement was not made in conformity with the provisions of the charter: The tenth section'directs that the advertisement shall be inserted once a week, for three .mohths ; but the case shows'that this was not done. A period of twelve days had elapsed between the days on which the advertisement appeared; and no more -thgn seven days should have passed. Once a week means once in every seven days; from one day, a particular day, to

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Ronkendorff vs. Tayloes Lessee.]
another, a corresponding day in the succeeding week. In every period of sevei days, the insertion .of the notice was not sufficient. .If the advertisement commenced on one day in a'wbek, it should-have been repeated on the following corresponding 4ay in the succeeding week; and so. on,until it had. been inserted for three ,months.
The stipulation to pay rent quarterly, and. the. construction gLven to such coenants;- illustrate and explain the position-of the defeidantin error. Would-itibe a compliance with an agreement to pay two quarters, rent, quarterlyi to make the payment at any time within six months, being two quarters? The payments are- to be made'under such covenant from quarter-day to quarter-day; and there is a breach, if the corresponding and succeeding quarter-day, is suffered -to pass without payment being made.
It was dlso contended; that thecorporation.had no'authority to advertise the lot for sale until the last oVfthe.two years? taxes were due,'for which the sale was to be made; and that the advertisement does.not purport to expose the property to be sold for two years' taxes unpaid, and in arrears.
- Mr Jonesjin reply, argued, that the booksof the assessors ,were'jot the original records of the assessmentof-the taxes. The returns are, made to the register, and. are entered by ,im; and his books exhibit regular and proper evidence of the charges, and assessments on' property in the city.
The register is a public, sworn officer; and the duties he performs ard official acts, which are shown by his books.
'The advertisementwas inserted in every succeeding period of 8even days, and this was a 'compliance with the law. It was a publication in every succeeding week, or space ofseven -days; and this was according to the letter of the charter.
When- a term is fixed for the performance of an act, the vhole time is allowed to do it; even to the last minute. So, to require advertising once a week, gives all the next week for the next advertising. On what succeeding day in the hebdomadal division of a week the advertisement shall appear, is not required; the name of the dAy of the week on which it must be p~ublished is of no moment; as the names

SUPREME COURT.
[Ronkendorff vs. Taylor's Lessee.]
of the days of the week are arbitrary. It is the period of seven days, which the law regards as the space of a week ; and in this case,' as there was no period of fourteen days in which the notice of thq sale was omitted, no longer period than twelve days having passed during the three months'in Which the advertisement did not appear, all was regular. As to the objection that the property sold had not been sufficiently described; as the powers of the corporation are to tax all interests in lands, the right to assess the tax on an undivided moiety of a tenant in common cannot be denied. Such was this case; and the advertisement described sufficiently an undivided half of the lot, of which Taylor was the owner with Toland's heirs.
Mr Justice M'LEANq' delivered the opinion of the Court. This writ of error is prosecuted to reverse a judgment of the circuit court for the district of Columbia. The defendant in error brought an action of ejeetment in the circuit -court, to recover possession of lot No. 4, in, square No. 491, in the city of Washington, half of wich had been sold for taxes; and under the special instructions of the court, recovered a verdict and 'judgment. Several exceptions were taken to the competency of the evidence admitted on the trial, all of which appear in the bill of exceptions. The first -objection was taken to the competency of the proof of the assessment-of the lot for taxation: the legality. of the tax is not disputed. To show the taxes assessed on the lot for the years 1820 and 1821, the defendant below produced in evidence the' official tax books of the corporation, regularly made up by its officers; from which it appeared, that the plaintiff stood charged for 1820, with thirty-one dollars. eighty-six cents for the tax on the half of lot No. 4, which contained four thousand two hundred 'and two square feet, valued at one thousand six hundred and eighty dollars. For the year I821, he stood charged with eight dollars forty cents tax on the samhe lot. It-appeared in proof, that the assessors appointed by the authority.*of the corporation,- make. a valuation of

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Ronkendorff vs. Taylor's Lessee.]
.property within the city, about the month of October, annually, and a return of their proceedings ; which are laid- before the board of appeal empowered to correct the valuations of the assessors, according to the laws and ordinances of the corporation. The assessment lists are then returned to.the register of the corporation. The register then proceeds to make out the tax books, from ihe original assessment lists returned by the assessors, and corrected by the board of appeal. But it was contended, that the original lists of the assessors must be produced, and also proof of their appoint-
ment.
The court recognize the correctness of the principle contended for by the counsel for the.plaintiff in error; that in an ex parte procee'ding of this kind, under a special authority, great strictness is required. To divest an individual of his property, against his consent, every substantial requisite of the law must be shown to have been complied with. No presumption can be raised in behalf of a collector who sells real estate for taxes, to cover any radical defect in his proceeding; and the proof of regularity in the procedure devolves upon the person who claims under the collector's sale.
In this case, was it necessary to exhibit proof of the regular appointment, of the assessors?. They acted under the authority of the corporation, and the "highest evidence of this fact is the sanction which it has given to their return. This return has been examined and .corrected by the board of appeal, and %iasthen handed over to the register. What better proof can be required of the assessor's authority to act.
The municilial powers of the corporation are conferred by a.public law, and all courts are bound to notice tlhem6 (s it necessary in any case to go into the proof of the election of the mayor, or any of the other officers of this corporation! This has not been contended; nor can it be necessary to ,prove the appointment of an officer of the corporation, who has acted under its authority, and whose proceedings, as in the presentcase, have received its express sanction.
Did the court below err in requiring the original assess-
ment lists to be produced. These lists, under.the law, were not ,4onclusive on the

SUPREME COURT,
[Ronkendorffm#. Taylor's Lessee.]
corporation, or on the person whose property was assessed. They were laid before the court of appeal for their correction and sanction, and they were then passed to the register. * If the.assessment was not conclusive, or indeed binding on either- party until. sanctioned by the. board of appeal; t jen, without this sanction, tie assessment lists could not be received as evidence. These lists being handed over to the register, the law requires hiim to furnish a- tax book to .the cojlector, from the original assessment lists on file in his office, according to.a prescribed form. -This was done'in the case under consideration ; and is-not this book evidence .i
It was made out and arranged by an officer, in pursuance of a duty expressly enjoined'by law. This not only makes the tax book evidence, but the best evidence which can be given of the facts it coitains. In this book are stated, thf name of the owner of the property, and his residence,',if known; the number of the square, the number of the lot, the square feet it contains; the rate of assessment, the valuation, and the amount of the tax. Only a part of these appear upon the assessment list.
This court think, that-the circuit court erred in their instructions to the jury on both of the, points stated. 1. In deciding that the proof was not competent to show the authority of the assessors :.and, -2. That the official tax book, certified by. the register, did not prove an assessment of the property.
The next point presented by:the- bill of exceptions is as to the legality of the notice of sale given by the collector.
The court instructed the jury, that the -advertisement was defective in. several particulars.
By the tenth section of the apt of congress, which directs. this proceeding-S.the collector is required to give public notice of the time and place ofsale, by.advertising once a week, in some newspaper printed in the city of Washington, for three months when the property is assessed to a person whoresides within-the United States, but without the -district of Columbia.
Notice of the sale.of the'lot in.controversy was given by the collector; firsti in a -newspaper. published the 6th of.De-

JANUARY TERM 1830.

361

[Ronkendorff vs. Taylor's Lessee.]
cember 1822, and last, in the same paper of the 10th of March 1623. These- periods, embrace the time the advertisement is required to be published: but it iscontended, that the notice was not published once in each week, .within the
meaning of the act of'congress." In examining the dates of the publications, it appears
that eleven days at one time transpired between them, and
at another timeten days, at another eight. These-omissions, if is contended, are fatal: that the pub-
lication being once made, it was essential to the validity of the notice that, it should be published every seventh. day
thereafter. The words of the law are, " once a week." Does this
limit the publicatidn to a particular day of the week! If the notice be published on Monday, is it fatal to omit the publication until the Tuesday week succeeding ? The object of the notice is as well answered by such a publication,. as if' it had been made on the following Monday.
A week is. a definite period of time, commencing on'Sunday and ending on Saturday. By this construction the no-
tice in this case must be held sufficient. It was published, Monday, January the 6th, and omitted until Saturday, January the 18th, leaving an interval of eleven days; still the ,publication on Saturday Was .within the week succeeding
the notice of the sixth. It would be a most rigid construction of the act of con-
gress, justified neither by its spirit nor its language, to say that this notice must be published on aily particular day of a week. If published once a week, for three months, the law is complied with, and its object effectuated.
'-The circuit court erred on this point in their instructions
to the-jury.
The court below also instructed the jury, "that the cor-
poration, or its collector of taxes, acting under its authority, was not competent to advertise and sell any part of'said lot
No. 4, for the -taxes assessed on the same." By the law, not less than a lot, when the property upon
which the tax has accrued is not less than that quantity,
may be sold for the taxes due thereon,
VOL."1V.--2 V

' 362

SUPREME- COURT.

[Ronkendorfftvs. Taylor's Lessee,]
No doubt.can ex ist, that a part of a lot may be sold for taxes,- where they have accrued on such part ;- it appears, therefore, that the circuit court have also erred on this point.
It is again objected, "that the entire lot should have been assessed to the two tenants in c6mmon, Taylor and Toland; and accordingly advertised and sold, as assessed to them.
The same valuation was placed on each half of this lot; so that so far as the assessment goes, it did not substantially differ from the instruction given. But the sale,.to be valid, need not extend to the interest of both claimants. One having paid his share of the tax, the interest of the other may well be sold for the balance. The court therefore erred in their instructions on this point also.
In their fourth instruction the court say to the jury," that the advertisement did not sufficiently designate what half of the said lot was charged with the said taxes, and was to be sold for the same, anJ did not purport to be an advertisemnt'of an undivided moiety."
-The law requires "the number of the lots, (if the square has been divided into lots,) the number-of the square or squares, or other sufficient or definite description of the property selected for sale, to be stated in the advertisement."
Conigress had two objects in view in requiring this notice to be given. 1. To apprise the owner of the property; and, 2. To give notice to persons desirous of purchasing. These objects are important. It is necessary for the interest of the owner that he should be informed of a proceeding which, unless arrested by the payment of the tax, would divest him of his property. And it was of equal, if not greater importance, that the property should be so definitely described, that. no purchaser could be at a loss to estimate its value.
It is not sufficient that such a description should be given in the advertisement as would enable the person desirous of .purchasing to ascertain the ' tuation 6f the property by inquiry. Nor, if the purchaser at the sale had been informed of every fact ndecessary to enable him to fix a value upon the property; yet the sale would be void, unless the same information had been communicated to the public in the notice. Its defects, if any exist in -the description of the

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Ronkendorffvs. Taylor's Jessee.]
property to be sold, cannot be cured by any communication made to bidders on the day of saleby the auctioneer.
What was the description given in the advertisement of the property in controversy . It was described to be half of lot No. 4, in square No. 491 ; and the other half was adv6rtised at the same time under the same description, as be-
longing to Toland's heirs. What would be understood by such a description. Sup-
pose half a square had been advertised, it not having been divided into lots: would it convey that certainty to the public, as to the precise property about to be sold, that would enable any one to form an opinion of its value '. No one could suppose that an undivided half of the square was td be sold under the notice; and which half was offered, could not be determined from the advertisement. Would this be a notice under the requisites of the law q
The value of a lot or half lot depends upon its situation. If one of the half lots front two streets in a populous part of the city, it is of much higher value than the other half. Ancf this difference in value may still be greater, if the lot be situated near the middle of a square, fronting the street, and it be divided so as to cut off one half of it from the street.
It will thus be seen, that it is not a matter of small importance to the person who wishes to purchase, to know which half of a lot is offered for sale; and as any uncertainty in this matter must materially affect the value of the property at the sale, it is of great importance to the owner that the description should be definite. That an undivided moiety of a lot may be sold for taxes, has already been stated. But would any one understand that one half of lot No. 4means an undivided moiety!.
In all cities half lots are as common as whole ones; and whien a half lot is spoken of, we understand it to be a piece of ground half the size of an entire lot, and of as definite
boundaries. The illustrations given show how great a difference in
value may exist between halves of the same lot. And would not the preferable half be of much higher value than an undivided moiety 6f the entire lot q

SUPREME COURT.
[Ronkendorff vs. Taylor's Lessee.]
In every point of view in which this notice can be considered, under the act of congress, it was radically defective. The property should have beeri described, as an undivided half of lot No. 4. Under such a ddscription, no one could be at a loss, as to its situation and value. The instructions of the circuit court on this point are-not erroneous.
In -their fifth instruction the court say, "that the corporation, or its collector, had-no power or authori/tyto adv'ertise the said lot for sale till the last of the two years' taxes for which the same was"advertised for sale., had remained unpaid and in arrear for two years."
-The tenth section of the act of congress, which governs
this subject, provides, "that real property, whether impr6ved or unimproved, in -the city of Washington, on which two or more ytars' taxes shall haye remained due and unpaid;,. qron - Which any special tax, imposed .byvirtue" of the authority of the provisions of this act, shall have remained unpaid for two o"more years after the same shall have -become due, may be sold, &62' Iithis section, a distinction is made between a general and a special tax. Property may be sold to.pay the former, so soon as two years' taxes shall be' due; but to pay the latter, propetty cannot be sold until the. expiration of twf years after the second year's tax-becomes due.
The taxes -for which the Aot-in controversy was sold, were assessed-in 1820 and 1821 ; and by the ordinance of the corporation they became due on the 1st of January succeeding the assessment."
A special tax for 'paving was charged against Taylor in 1820, and composed a part of the sum for which the property was sold.
This special tax became due on the 1st of January 1821 but the ground on which it wis aisessed, was :not liable to be sold for the tax until the 1st of January 1823. On the 1st of January 1822 the same property was liable to.be sold under 4he assessments of the years-1820 and 1821, for a general tax.
The first notice of the salewas given on'the 6th of Decembet.1822, nearly a month before the lot.was liable to be

JANUARI TERM 1830.
[Ronkendorffvs. Taylor's Lessee.]
sold for the special tax of. 1820. Does this render the notide invalid .i
This court think, that the whole period should have elapsed which was necessary to render the lot liable to be sold for special tax, before the advertisement was published.That Ihe owner of the lot, by'payiig the tax at any time before the 1st of January 1823, would save it from Ihe liability ofbeing sold - and that until this liability had attaiched, he could not be chargeable with-the expense of notice, nor could it legally be given.
The circuit court, therefore, did not err in their instruction to the jury on this point.
The court also instructed the jury, that the advertisement was defective, as it "does not purport to advertise the said lot for two years' taxes unpaid and in arrear." It states that the lot was offered for sale, "for taxes due thereon up to the year 18.21." This was sufficient; for if the taxes were due, and the property was liable to be sold for them, it can be of no importance to, the purchaser to have a more technical description of the tax thafi the notice contained.
The seventh instruction, "that the said property, attempted to be sold, was not described with sufficient certainty, either in the advertisement or at the sale," ig substantially embraced by the fourth instruction which has been considered.
For the errors specified; the judgment of the circuit court must be reversed, and the cause removed to that court for further proceedings, in conformity to this opinion;
This cause came on to be heard on the-transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States, for the district of Columbia, holden in and for the county' of Washington, and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, it is ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said circqit court in this cause be, and the same is hereby reversed, and that the cause be and the same is hereby. remanded to the said circuit court, for further procced ings to be had therein, according to law and justice.

JANUARY TERM 1830.
JOHN CONARD, MAsar. oF THE EAsTERN DISTRiCT OF PENNsYL-
v Ni, PAnxrFr rN ERROR vg. FRANcrs H. NICoLL, DEFEND-
ANT IN ERROR.
The principles decided in the case of Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Corn. pany, relative to the priority nf the United States, examined and confirmed(a).
ERROR to the circuit court of the eastern district of Pennsylvania.
The defendant in error brought an action of trespass, in the court below, against the plaintiff in error, for a quantity of merchandize, consisting of teas, cassia, nankeens, &c. all of the value of one hundred and ninety-three thousand seven hundred and twenty-five dollars. Also for four ships, viz. the Addison, the Woodrop Sims, tle Thomas Scattergood, and the Benjamin Rush, all of the value of one hundred thousand dollars.
The defendant below pleaded, that he, as marshal of the district of Pennsylania, had a writ of fieri facias against one Edward Thomson, in favour of the United States, and that he seized the merchandize and ships as Thomson's property. The plaintiff replied, property in himself, &c. in the common form.
It was agreed between the parties to the suit, that the title of Francis H. Nicoll to the property should be tried, the property having been placed in the hands of trustees, to abide the event of the suit.
The case was tried in the circuit court, before Mr Justice Washington, and a verdict was given for the plaintiff for thirty-nine thousand two hundred and forty-nine dollars and sixty-six cents damages. The defendant in the circuit court excepted Io the charge of the court, and prosecuted this writ of error. The whole charge delivered to the jury in the circuit court, was brought up by the writ of error.
By direction of the court, the whole of the charge delivered by Mr Justice Washington in the circuit court is inserted, as follows:
(a) I Peters, 386

SUPREME COURT.
[Conard vs. Nicoll.].
.This is an.action oftrespass brought against the marshal of this district, for levying an execution at the suit of the United States against Edward Thomson, on the ships Addison, Woodrop Sims, Benjamin Rush, and Thomas Scattergood, and certain parts of their cargoes, alleged to have been the property of the plaintiff. The defendant justifies his proceedings under the allegation thatthe property levied upon belonged to Edward Thomson, against whom the execution
was sued out. The evidence given by the plaintiff to prove his title to
the property in dispute,-is substantially as follows: a i'espondentia bond in the usual form, dated in April 1825, on a certain part of the outward cargo of the ship Addison, with a memorandum annexed, reciting an agreement, that the outward bill of lading should ibe indorsed to the plaintiff, as a collateral security for the sum mentioned in the bond, and that the property to be shipped homeward, being the proceeds of the outward cargo, should be for account and risk of Edward Thomson, but to be consigned to order, and the bill of lading for the same to be forwarded to the plain-.
"tiff. 2 The bill of lading of the outward cargo, referred to on
the bond -and memorandum, for account and risk of Edward Thomson, indorsed by him in blank, and delivered to
the plaintiff. 3. A homeward bill of lading and invoice for account and
risk of Edward Thomson, consigned to order, and indorsed by the shipper at Canton, dated in November 1825; which, upon the arrival of the ship in the spring of 1826, were delivered by -PeterMackie, the head clerk of Edward.Thomson, before his failure, and afterwards one of his general
assignees, to the plaintiff. The title to the cargoes'of the other ships isi-n all material
respects the same with that just stated. The title to the ships themselves is claimed under bills of
sale by Edward Thomson to the plaintiff, dated on the 9th of July and 27th of October 1825.
On the 19th of November 1825, Edward Thomson made a general assignment of all his estate to Peter Mackie and Richard Renshaw, for the benefit of his creditors.

JANUVRY TERM 1830.
[Conard -s. Nicoll.]
The United States having obtained judgments against Edward Thomson to an immense amount, 'sued out and levied executions on these ships and their cargoes, at the moment of their respective arrivals in the spring and autumn of 1826.
InOctober 1826, the whole of this property was restored by the United States to the plaintiff, under an agreement between them that it should be without prejudice to any existing right, and that the plaintiff should sell the same to the best advantage, and should immediately invest the net- proceeds, in the name of the secretary of the treasury, in productive stock, and.place the certificates thereof in the bank of the United States, &c..; and that the plaintiff should institute a suit against the marshal, to ascertain the right to the said proceeds; in which action, if the plaintiff in his own right, or as representing Smith and Nicoll, should establish his right thereto, then that the said proceeds should be paid to him; otherwise, the same to be paid to the United States. This agreement is recited in the condition of a bond executed by the plaintiff, with sureties to the United States.
An agreement had been previously entered into by-the counsel in the cause, dated the 27th of September 1826, stipulating, that the merits only should fie litigated, without regard to form.
In the case of the Atlantic 'Insurance Company vs. Conard, a.great variety of objections of a legal character to the title 'of the plaintiff in that cause, which are equally applicable to that of this'plaintiff, were stated and overruled by the supreme court, and they have of course been abandoned by the defendant's counsel in this cause. They rely nevertheless upon other objections, partly legal, but mainly resting upon the particular facts belonging to this case, and which are now to be examined. The duty of the court will be to give to the jury an opinion upon every question of a legal nature which the case presents; and after laying down certain general principles of law applicable to the evidence which has been given, to leave the facts to be decided by the jury.
The first objection to the plaintiff's title is, that the trans-

SUPREME COURT.
[Conard vs. Nicoll.]
fers executed by Edward Thomson to the plaintiff, for the property in dispute, were given without consideration. It'is denied that any thing, much less the amount stated in those transfers, was due by Edward Thomson to the plaintiff, or to Smith and Nicoll, at the time they were executed. Upon this point, it is proper that the -jury should be satisfied;" and it is for them to decide upon the evidence, whether these securities were given for value received or not; if they were given without consideration, the plaintiff will have failed in establishing his right to the propertyj which they -professed to transfer.
The plaintiff relies upon the following evidence to prove the consideration for which those securities were given. 1. The respondenti bonds and memorandum annexed, both under seal, and both of them acknowledging a loan to Edward Thomson of the sum expressed in them.
2. The negotiable notes of Edward Thomson to the plaintiff, or to Smith and Nicoll; produced in evidence.by the plaintiff.
3. A settled account, signed by Mackie, on the part of Edward Thomson, and by Mr Worthington on -that of the Nicolls.
4. -Sundry entries in Edward Thomson's memorandum book.
The correspondence between the Nicolls and Edward Thomson is relied upon by the plaintiff as additional proof of the fact; and by the defendant's counsel, for the purpose of disproving it.
Upon this evidence the court has only to observe, 1. That even bills of exchange and negotiable notes of hand are prima facie evidence of value received, as well between the original parties, as third persons, so as to throw upon the party who denies the fact the burthen of disproving it(a). The presumption is certainly not less strong where the acknowledgement of value received is under the seal of the party. If this be the settled law, as the authorities cited prove it to be, it is not competent to the defendant to shift the burthen of proof by giving notice to the plaintiff that
(a) Mandeville vs. Welch, 5 Wheat. 282 Riddle vs. Mandeville, 5 Cranch, 322. Chitty on Bills, note 17.

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Conard vs. Nicoll.]
he would be requirea on the trial to prove that the securities under consideration were given for value. received.
2. That a settled account between a creditor and his debtor being proved, is prima facie evidence of the balance stated on it having been due; which may nevertheless be impeached and disproved by pointing out errors in- the account, and maintaining their existence.
It is insisted, however, by the defendant's counsel, that the consideration for these securities, admitting it to be proved, flowed from Smith and Nicoll, and that the plaintiff has given no evidence of an assignment by them to him. But;, without noticing the agreement between the plaintiff and the United States as to the interest of Smith and Nicoll, represented by the plaintiff; it may be observed, that if the Nicolls and Edward Thomson were contented, and so agreed, that these securities should be given to the-plaintiff for debts originally due by Edward Thomson to Smith and Nicoll, it cannot be essential to the plaintiff's recovery in this case, that he should produce a written assignment by Smith and Nicoll to him. If the plaintiff, as between himself and Smith and Nicoll, be not entitled beneficially to the property in dispnte, or to its proceeds, that is a matter to be settled between them, and can form no question in this cause. That Edward Thomson assented to this arrangement is proved, prima facie, at least, by the securities themselves; and the- objection relied upon cannot with propriety be urged by the United States, who claim the property in dispute as belonging to him.
The second objection to the plaintiff's title, and the one mainly relied upon, is, that the transaqtions between the plaintiff, and Smith and Nicoll, and Edward Thomson, upon which the transfers of the property in dispute were founded, were, as they respected the United States, fraudu%.lntand void. Whether they were so or not, will be submitted to the decision of the jury upon the evidence which hag been given, after the court has stated some general principles oflaw to assist them in their investigation.
The first inquiry is, What is fraud . From a view of all that has been said by learned judges and jurists upon this

SUPREME COURT.
[Conard vs. Nicoll.]
subject, it may be safely laid down, that, to constitute actual fraud between two or more persons to the prejudice of a third, contrivance and design, to injure such third person, bydepriving- him of some right or otherwise impairing it, must be shown. In the case of Chesterfield vs. Jansen(a), Lord Hardwicke terms it dolus malus. Lord Coke defines covin, to be a secret assent determined in the hearts of two or more, to the defrauding and prejudice of another(b). The acts of 13th Eliz. ch. 5, and 27th Eliz. ch. 4, which did little more thanaffirm the doctrines of the common law, afford substantially the same definition. The case stated by lord Mansfield, in Worsley, &c. vs. Demattos, &c.(c), of a person, who, knowing that a. creditor has obtained judgment against his debtor, buys the debtor's goods, though for a full price, with a view to defeat the execution of the creditor, is a'strong illustration of. the sapie principle ; the purchase was declared to be fraudulent, not because a man may not lawfully purchase the property of a defendant against whom there is a judgment, but-because of the intention with which it was made.
The question then for you to decide will be, whether the transactions between these parties, *hich are alleged to have been frauduleht, were contrived or intended to delay or defeat the United States of the debts due to them by Edward Thomson, or otherwise to prejudice their .rights. How far the*Nicolls might lawfully take care of their own interests, although by doing so the United States might thereby be prejudiced, will be seen when we come to consider more particularly the alleged instances of fraud which have been relied upon. But previous to this examination it may be proper to lay downthe following principles, whicfi seem to be incontrovertible.
1. That actual, fraud is not to be presumed, but ought to be proved by the party who alleges it.
2. If the motive and'design of an act may be traced to an honest and legitimate source, equally as to a corrupt one,
(a) 2 Yes. 155. (b) Co. Lit. t57, c. (c) 1 Bar. 474. See also Cadogan vs. Kennet, Cowp. 434.

JANUARY TERM 183n.

297

[Conard vs Nicoll.]
the former ought to be preferred. This is but a corollary to the preceding principle.
3.'If the person against whom fraud is alleged, should be proved to have been guilty of it in any number of instances ; still if the particular act sought to be avoided be not shown to be tainted with fraud, it cannot be affected by those other frauds', unless in some way or other ii be connected with or
form a part of them. It may be proper in this place to observe, in 'relation to
the frauds alleged to have been committed by Bailey aid Edward Thomson, to the prejudice of the United States; that" they cannot affect the rights of the plaintiff or of Smith and Nicoll, unless it be proved to your satisfaction that Bailey was at the time he committed them the general agent of
those parties, or that he committed them in some transac-_ -tion within the scope of a special agency, and in connexion with or otherwise affecting these securities.
The first instance of alleged fraud, by the plaintiff, or by Smith and Nicoll, is the taking of these securities from a man known-by those persons to be a debtor to the United States, and believed by them to be in a state of insolvency.
But this is not a fraud even in England, unless the security be given in contemplation or on the eve of bankruptcy, and unless the assignment or transfer in favdur of such prefer.red creditor or creditors, exhaust the whole estate of the.debtor, or approach so near as that the bxception is merely colourable(a). But in a case where the bankrupt law loes not apply,there can be no doubt that a debtor may lawfully give a
preference to a particular creditor or set of creditors; if there be a delivery of possession where it can be done, although his other creditors may thereby be hindered or delayed in payment of their debts. The cas6 of Holbird vs. Anderson(b)is a strong case in'stippoit'of this principle. How far the right of preference of the United States can be affected by an assignment of their debtor for the benefit of his creditors, will be considered under another head.

(a) I Bur. 478-481. (b) 5 Tr. Rep. 235. See also 8Tr. Rep. 521.
VOL. IV.-2 N

SUPREME COURT.
[Conard vs. Nicoll.]
The other instances of alleged fraud are2. Alteration in the form of the memorandum to the respondentia bonds, thereby making the homeward cargoes
deliverable to order. 3. Taking bills of sales of Edward Thomson's vessels, by
-the plaintiff or by Smith and Nicoll ; surrendering them on arrival of the vessel', and then taking new ones; practised by thiose persons, in repeated instances, prior to the year 1842.5.Having on board these vessels on their arrival double
papers; that is to say, a general bill of lading of the whole homeward cargo, and also several bills of lading of the parts covered by the respondentia bonds and outward bills of lading.
5. Upholding tne credit of Edward Thomson by the
Nicolls; although !the desperate state of his affairs was 'known to them.
'6. Antedating tde respondentia bonds to make them con-
form to the outward bills.of lading. 7. Want of possession of the vessels and cargoes covered
by the plaintiff's securities. Lastly, the persuasions used by the Nicolls, to induce Ed-
ward Thomson to trade on the credit for duties allowed by the United States.
It may be sufficient for the present to observe, generally, that these acts, nor either of them, although they should be proved to the satisfaction of the jury, are or is,per se, fraudulent. This, it is believed, may be satisfactorily shown by a more particular consideration of these acts of alleged fraud.
1. As to the alteration in the form of the memorandum : it will be sufficient to observe that no principle of law has been referred to, or ease cited, to countenance this objection. It would on the contrary seem to have been strictly correct to make the alteration in a case where the outward and homeward cargoes were transferred, not absolutely, but merely as collateral security, if the debt for which they were pledged should not-be paid on the arrival of the vessel, or be otherwise secured according to the stipulations of the bond.
2. As to the -practice of the plaintiff and of Smith and Nicoll prior to the year 1825, in surrendering the bills of sale

JANUARY TERM 1830
[Conard vs. Nicoll.]
which they had obtained of Edward Thomson's vessels upon their arrival, and then renewing them as soon as those vessels had been entered; should it be admitted, (which I am not to be understood as admitting), to have been fiaudulent as it concerned the United States; it is not-easy to perceive how it can be made to infect with fraud the bills of sale made to the plaintiff in July and October 1825; which never were surrendered, but on the contrary were used as the foundation of the plaintiff's claim to the possession of the vessels, which they respectively conveyed immediately on their arrival in' 1826. If there has been any evidence given to connect these transactions together, so as to bring them within the operation of one of the principles before, mentioned, the jury
will judge of it. 3. As to the double papers oft board of these vessels: the
question is, were they contrived with a view to defraud the United States of the duties on the cargoes of those vessels, or may not a legitimate purpose for the use of them be fairly presumed 1 Let it always be kept in mind; that these cargoes were not sold to the plaintiff, but were merely pledged' as collateral security. If on their arrival they were redeemed, they would then become the absolute property of Edward Thomson; who would be absolved from his obligation to deliver the particular bills of lading to the plaintiff, and be entitled to enter them as owner under the general bill of lading. If they were not redeemed, then the plaintiff would enter'them as the owner of the bills of lading-tdorder, and which by the agreement were to be delivered to him. There would seem therefore to have been a fitness to this state of things in the arrangement now complained of..
4. That a false representation by one person of the credit of another, by which a third person is deceived and injured, is a fraudupon the parties so deceived, is undeniable. A letter of credit, giving to the person in whose favour it is written a character for solidity, which the writer knows to be untrue, is .of this description. But to uphold the credit of a merchant by advances to.any amount made by his friends, or by his creditors, for the purpose of preventing his failure, and of enabling him to go on, under the expectation that he

SUPREME COURT.
[Conard vs. Nicoll.]
may thereby acquire the means of discharging his debts, and of maintaining a standing in the commercial world; has never yet been decided, by any English or American court, to be a fraud upon any third person, who, misled by appearances, may have dealt with and given credit to the person so assisted. No case resembling it has been produced or alluded to. There is, infact, an absence of that kind of suggestio falsi, or suppressio veri, which the law considers as amounting to actual or even constructive fraud.
It is insisted that the conduct of the Nicolls, in this particular, was a conftivance to give a false cfedit to Edwird Thomson at the customhouse, for the purpose of enabling him to defraud the United States of their duties on the goods entered .inhis name. But is this likely?. If the customhouse officers were faithful to the duties which the law imposed upon them, and which they had solemnly engaged to perform ; how was it possible that the United States could be defrauded, or in any manner prejudiced by such a contrivanceS. Their duty was to retain the custody of the teas under their'own lock and key until the duties were paid, or such-security given as should be entirely satisfactory to them. Could it have entered into the minds of any persons, that officers so bound, and so confided in by their country, could so far betray their trust, as to open the doors of their warehouses to Edward Thomson, to take out teas whenever and to whatever amount he pleased 'without permits, and without paying or securing the duties upon them ; by giving solid and satisfactory sureties to pay them when they should become due . It is the sufficiency of the sureties, and not that of the principal, that the law looks to; I am not to be understood as saying that the conspiracy or contrivance imputed to these parties was not or could not have been in their contemplation. But when we are upon the subject of motives and intention,'the improbability of their existence deserves consideration. If, indeed, the illegal abduction.of the teas, with the anticipated and known coinivance of the customhouse officers, formed a part of the -contrivance, a case of fraud would be made out; and it wfil be for the jury to decide whether the participation of the plaintiff, or of Smith and

JANUARY TERM 1830.

301

[Conard vs. Nico]l.']
Nicoll, in those disgraceful transactions, is made out 4y the evidence in the cause.
5. 1 pass over the next objection, with this single olservation ; that the indorsement of the outward bills of lating t& the plaintiff for a full consideration, (if it should be the opinion of the jury that such was the fact), transferred to him the property mentioned in them; and if the bonds with the memorandum annexed were agreed by the parties to form parts of the securities to be given to the plaintiff, .there was no impropriety, much less fraud, in antedating the latter so as to make them conform to the former.
6. The objection, that possession of the ships and their cargoes was not delivered at the time they were tiansferred, was so fully refuted by the supreme court, in the case of Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company ; that it would be a waste of time for this court to notice'it further than by observing, that the outward cargoes and their proceeds were mortgaged, not conveyed absolutely to the plaintiff- .hat the ships were at or beyond sea, at the time they were conveyed; and that possession of them was demaled and refused by the officers of the United States as soon as they arrived. These facts are not disputed, and the legal result is, that under these circumstances the want of possession is not a
badge of fraud. 7. The last instance of fraud relied upon by the defen-
dant's counsel is, that Edward Thomson was induced by the Nicolls, contrary to his own wishes, to trade upon the credit for the duties allowed him by the United States, instead of holding his funds in order to discharge those duties when they should become payable.
To this objection it has been asked, and it seems to the court with great propriety, for what other purpose was the' extended credit of two years given, but to enable the owner of teas in store, or on bond, to trade on his capital in the mean time' If it was a fraud in him' to employ his capital otherwise than in retaining it to meet the claim of the United States at the expiration of the two years, it is difficult to perceive the advantage which the credit bestowed upon him, or the policy of the law in granting it. And if it was

SUPREME COURT.
[Conard -s. Nicoll.]
not a fraud in Edward Thomson so to employ his capital; it coiuld not be so in the Nicolls to influence him to exercise the privilege to which he was legally entitled.
I now pass from the question of fVaud to other objections to the plaintiff~s right of rdcovery, which not having occured in the case of Conard V3. The Atlantic insurance Company, will demand particular attention.
3. The third objection to the plaintiff's recovery is founded upon an acknowledged variance, though to a very trifling amount, in the number and description of the boxes or packages of teas between the declaration and the proof.
I-do not understand the objection as being urged to the extent of defeating the action altogether; since the counsel who inged it could not but know that a mere variance as to number, magnitude, extent, &c. is immaterial, ev'en in criminal prosecutions, unless the quantum be descriptive of the nature of the charge or claim(a). The objection is no doubt intended to apply to the damages claimed by the plaintiff, in case the jury may legally give any in this case. As to this view of the subject, I take the rule, in ordinary cases, to be, that the plaintiff can only recover according to his proof, where that falls short of the number, &c. stated in the declaration ; but if it exceed, the plaintiff cannot recover beyond what his declaration demands.
Although the agreements between the plaintiff and the. United States and their counsel, might, in this case, vary this rule unfavourably to the United.States; still, as the difference between'the number of chests stated in the declaration, and those given in evidence, is trifling in amount, I shall direct the jury to adopt the rule in ordinary cases, as alreddy mentioned.
4. The next objection is of a more serious character. It is insisted that the transfers made by Edward Thomson to the plaintiff, under which he clairhs the proceeds in question, divested him-of all, or nearly all, of his property; and that the plaintiff, in respect to' Ihe right of preference of the United States, is to be treated as a trustee or general assignee
(a) Stark. Evid. 1528, 1538.

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Conard vs. Nicoll.]
of the effects of Edward Thomson, within the meaning-of the sixty-fifth section of the duty act of the 2d March 1799.
I take'the rule, as now well settled by the supreme court, to be, that thd preference of the United States does not ex-- tend to cases where the debtor has not made an assignment of the whole of his property. If the assignment leave out a ti-ial part of his property, for the purpose of evading the act giving the preference, it will be considered as a fraud upon the law, and the court will treat it as a total divestment(a).
But does this rule, or the reason upon which itis founded, apply to a mortgage of the whole of the debtor's property !. I ask the question, and shall reason upon it without meaning to decide it; since it was not made or discussed at the bar. On the contrary, and for that reason, I shall instruct the jury to consider these transfers as absolute, so far as they concern the right of preference claimed by the United States.
The difference between a mortgage, and an absolute conveyance of. the whole of the debtor's estate and effects for the benefit of a particular creditor or set of creditors, is, that in the latter case he divests himself of the whole, not only of his property, but of his credit, and his intention to do so is apparent from the act itself. If he be a merchant, he must stop; and the conclusion is inevitable, that the conveyance was made with a view to a legal insolvency.
But a mortgage does not necessarily divest the 'mortgagor of the whole of the property which it conveys. An equity of redemption still remains in him, which is property, Worth to the owner of it all the difference between the value of the pledge and the sum for which it is pledged; which he may sell and convey, or devise; which will descend ; and may be levied upon under an execution. Suppose that, from some of those circumstances which are constantly occurring to raise or to depress the market for particular a.rticles of commerce, the teas in question had been worth, at the period of importation, greatly more than the amount for which these securities were given ; the excess would have belonged, not
'a) United States us. Hoel, 3 Cranch, 91.

SUPREME COURT.
[Conard vs. Nicoll.]
to the plaintiff, -but to Edward Thomson; in which event it would appear that no act of legal insolvency had been committed; and -yetit was committed, if'.at all, at the time the securities or mortgages were given.
Neither does it follow that such a mortgage as has been spoken of destroys the credit of the debtor, compels him (if' a merchant) to stop, or that it is given in contemplation of a legaPinsolvency. The reverse would seem to be the case, since (if the transaction be bona fide) the mortgage can be preferred to an absolute conveyance, for no other purpose but to avoid those consequences. I say, if made bona fide, because I admit,, that if the mode of conveyance by way of mortgage or pledge be a mere device to defeat the right of preference of the United States, (a fact to be decided by.all the circumstances of the case), it would be a fraud, and t*he mortgagee would be treated as a tru.tee to the extent of the claim of the United States.
I shall pursue this inquiry no farther; ,since, for the reason'before mentioned, I shall instruct the jury to consider these securities,in ieference to the question now under consideration, as if they were absolute transfers.
Eviaence has been given in this case3 that Edward Thom'ontinued his commercial transactions'as usual, until the
16th 1r 1.7th of November 1825, when the Nicol!s entered up judgments against him, which entirely prostrated him, so that on. the 19th of. that month he made a general assignment for the benefit of his creditors. The questions then for the jury under this head, will be, 1st, Was EdwardThomson insol.,etand unable to pay all his'debts at the time whep these securities were given to the plaintiff!. And 2d, Did tfrey divest him of all his property, (or if not, was the part reserved trivial;) with intent to defeat the rights of preference of 'the United States? If these facts are proved to your satisfaction, then the transfers are to be considered as constructively divesting Edward Thomson of all his property, so as o let in the priority of the United States against the plaintiff. The cessation from business by Edward Thomson after the transfere, an intention to make a general assignment, and to
nommit an act .of legal insolvency, at the time these secu-

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Conard vs. Nicoll.]
rities were given, may be considered, if proved, as evidence that they were colourable and fraudulent as to the United
States. But ifEdward Thomson, though unable to-pay all his-debts,
did not divest himself of all his property, either actually or constructively; and if the securities were giveb bona fide to secure debts justly due to the plaintiff in the ordinary course of business; the right of preference of the United States did not attach as a consequence of those securities, so as to defeat the right of the plaintiff to the property in question.
The facts that Edward Thomson continued to transact his mercantile business, and to pay his debts as usual, and finally made a general assignment, not voluntarily, but by compulsion, may, if proved to your satisfaction, be considered as evidence that these securities were not colourable, or intended to. defeat the right of preference of ihe United States.
5. The next subject of your inquiry is, whether the homeward cargoes, forming parts of the property in dispute, we.e the proceeds of the outward cargoes which were pledged to the plaintiff! Unless this fact be proved to your satisfaction, the plaintiff shows no title whatever to them. The evidence relied upon by the plaintiff is:
Ist. The correspondence in amount and value between the outward and homeward bills of lading and invoices; except in one instance, where it was stated by Rodney Fisher part of the outward cargo was used for the disbursements of the
ship. 2d. The delivery of the homeward bills-of lading to the
plaintiff, immediately on their-arrival, by Peter Mackie, the confidential and chief clerk of Edward Thomson, before his fhilure, and one of his general assignees; through whose hands, and. by whose agency, it is insisted, all these negotiations, from their commencement, were transacted, and who knew, better than any other person, to whom the respec-.
tive bills of lading belonged. 3d., The evidence of Peter Mackie, which you have heard. The fact must be decided by the jury, upon this and any
opposing evidence given on the part of the defendants. "6. It is next ohjected that the securities in question were
VOL. IV.-2 0

SUPREME COURT.
(Conard vs."Nicoll.]
given in -consideration of responsibilities entered into by the Nicolls, and not for moneys actually paid by them for, or lent to, Edward Thomson.
In Conard vs. The American Insurance Company, it was objected that the debt for which the respondenti and other securities wdre given, was of too contingent a nature to uphold a mortgage as collateral security. In answer', it was said by the judge who delivered the opinion of the court, "We know of no principle or decision to warrant this conclusion. Mortgages may as well be given to secure future advances and contingent debts, as those that already exist, and are certain and due. The only question is the bona fides of the transaction."
I understand the objection now made to apply to the discharge by the Nicolls of Edward Thomson's respondentia bonds to the New York insurance offices. There is no proof, it is said, tht these were paid by the Nicolls, but merely that they made themselves responsible to those offices that they should be paid.
But if you are satisfied, from the evidence before you, that the Nicolls discharged Edward Thomson from those debts, by taking up and delivering over to him the evidence of them, Edward Thomson from -that moment became the debtor of the person who had thus. discharged him; and it is not important to the plaintiff's recovery in this case to prove how the arrangement was made with those creditors, and that actual payment was made at the time when the sedfities in question were given. I know of no principle which prevents a person from taking a valid security, by respondentia or otherwise, in consideration of responsibilities entered into by him for debts due by the person giving them, which he afterwards pays off or satisfies, and from which he had discharged such person, as against his original creditor.
7. It is objected, on the part of the defendant, that the securities in question are usurious, .inasmuch as they cover interest on the debts due by Edward Thomson to the Nicolls, from a period antecedent to the. loans or advances which created the debts. If this should appear to the-jury to be the fa!t) the charge of usury is made out, and the securities

JANUARY TERM 1830.
EConard vs. Nicoll.]
would be void, according to the law of the state of New York. But the law of this state is otherwise; it does not avoid the security, but merely prevents the creditor from recovering more than the legal interest. Whether more than legal interest was covered by these securities, or any, or either of them; and whether they were executed in this -stateor in the state of New York; are questions for the decision of the jury.
If the objection is intended to apply to the marine interest merely, it presents a different subject for consideration. Marine interest is allowable, though exceeding the rate of legal interqst, as a compensation, not forforbearance, but for the nisk which the lender assumes, by which both principal and interest may be lost by the casualties of the voyage. As to that, the question turns solely upon the bona fides of the transaction-whether the security given be a bona fide marine contract, bottomed upon property of sufficient value on board and at the risk of tie lender, or is a mere device to cover an usurious transaction ; and whether it was the one or the other in the present case, are questions for the jury to
decide. 8. The last objection to the plaintiff's right to recover is,
that theconveyances and securities given byEdward Thomson to the plaintiff amounted to acts oflegal bankruptcy;ih conse-, quence of which.the preference of the United States attached, and the plaintiff is to be considered as a trustee to the extent of the claims of the United States. The argument is,, that these conveyances and securities, considering them as one transaction, would, according to the bankrupt laws of England, amount to an act of bankruptcy; and that the sixtyfifth section of the dtty act of the 2d of March 1799, was intended to give to the United States a right of preference from the time when, according to that law, 'an act of bankruptcy was committed.
This is by no means the opinion of the court.- The section refers to state bankrupt laws; and pethaps to a bankrupt law of the United States, when one should pass; but could have no reference whatever to the bankrupt laws of England. Nor does it, in my opinion; refer the right of

SUPREME COURT.
[Conard vs. Nicoll.]
preference of the United States to an act of bankruptcy unaccompanied by some other act.
To understand the meaning of this section, we must construe the enacting clause and the proviso together. The former declares no more than that in all cases of insolvency, or where an estate in the hands of an executor, administrator or assignees, should be insufficient to pay all the debts of the deceased, the debts due to the United States should be first satisfied by those persons. It provides for only two cases, viz. a living insolvent, having an assignee,and a dead insolvent, represented by executors or administrators.
But the inquiry would naturally have arisen in the mind of the legislature; how-is the expression insolvency to be understood !. This is, explained by the proviso; for which purpose alone, it is apparent, it was introduced. It declares that the expression shall extend to the following case, viz.
Ist. Where a debtor, not having sufficient property to pay all his debts, shall make a voluntary assignment thereof for the benefit of his creditors.
2d. Where his estate and effects have been attached on ac-
count of his being an absconding, concealed, or absent debtor.
3d. To cases in which an act of legal bankruptcy shall have been committed; that is, as the construction of the proviso in connexion with the enacting clause seems necessarily to require, to cases where the property. is in the hands of assignees, not by voluntary assignment only, but by assignment made in virtue of any state bankrupt law, or (pos-
sibly) of any bankrupt law of the United States which might thereafter be passed.
There must be an assignment, either voluntary or compulsory, or else there can be no assignee to be made liable to the United States under the enacting clause. If a mere act of bankruptcy be sufficient to give rise to the preference of the United States from the moment of its commission, where is the assignee who is first to satisfy the claims of the United States out of the estate of the debtor, under the penalty, stated in the enacting clause, of satisfying it out of his own
estate.

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Co'nard vs. Nicoll.]
If it be said that when the assignment of the bankrupt's. estate shall be made, the preference of the United States will relate back to the act of bankruptcy so as to overreach intermediate bona fide securities given by the insolvent to creditors: I can only answer, that the assumption is altogether' gratuitous, and receives no countenance from any part of this or any other act on this subject.
The last question to be decided is, whether the jury are prevented by the agreement-between the plaintiff and the UnitedStates or tleir counsel, or by the delivery of the property levied upon by the defendant to the plaintiff under the agreement, from giving damages in this case7 I am clearly of opinion that they are not. As to the surrender of the property to the plaintiff, that could not, in an ordinary case, if put into the form of a plea, bar the right of the plaintiff to damages -foran illegal taking, unless it were surrendered by the defendant, and received by the plaintiff in satisfabtio. of damages. But so far from the accord in this case having been in sati8sfactionof damages, the bond expressly stipulates-that it is to be "without prejudice to any existing right."
The jury may, therefore give such reasonable damages as the plaintiff has actually sustained by the seizure and detention of the property in dispute, in case they should be of opinion that the plaintiff is entitled to that property or to its proceeds. They ought not to give vindictive or speculative damages.
Upon the whole,_if the plaintiff has established his right of property in the ships and cargoes claimed by him under the assignments and conveyances that have been given 'in evidence to establish that right; he is entitled to their proceeds and to your verdict in his favour, together with such damages as you may think him entitled to. If, on the other hand,,he has failed to establish such right, or if in your opinion his title is invalidated by the objections, or some one or more of them, made to it, then the United States are entitled to the proceeds; and in that case you ought to find for the defen-' dant."
The case was submitted to this cdurt without argument,

310

SUPREME COURT,

[Canard vs. NicoU.]
by Mr Berrien,- attorney general, for the plaintiff in error, and by Mr Sergeant and Mr Webster for the defendaut.

Mr Justice BALDwn delivered the opinion of the Court. This cauise has been submitted without argument. It is in all its leading features, both in the points of law which arose and the evidence given at the trial, so similar to the case of Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company, decided by ihis court at January term 1828, 1 Peters, 386, that we do not think it necessary to enter into an examination of the principles on which the judge submitted the cause to the jury. They appear to us to be in perfect accordance with the opidion delivered in that case, on great deliberation; of the entire correctness of which we do not entertain a doubt. There is no error in the record of the circuit court, and the judgment is affirmed, with six per cent interest and costs.

THE DECISIONS-
.OF
THE SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
AT
JANUARY TERM 1830.
-JAJEsSCARVzR, PLA:x inrr IN ERRoR vs. JAMES JACKSON, ON THE DEI.SE OF JOHN JACOR ASTOR, THEoDOsIUs FOwL.ERi CADWAL: xAVRit D. CoLDrN, CORELiuS J. BOGET, H -myGAGE Moixs, MA.i i Monius, Tnox.s Hin-s ANi JoiN HmNs, DEFNDA.NTS
IN ERntOR
The practice of briiging the whole of the charge of the court delivered to the jury in the court below for review before this court,'is unauthorised, and extremely inconvenient, both to the inferior and to the appellate court. With the charge of the court to the'jury upon mere matters of fact, and with its'commentaries upon the weight of evidence, this court has nothing to do. Observaiions of that nature are understood to be addressed to the jury, merely for their con. sideration as the ultimate judges of the matters of fact; and are entitled to nc -more weight or importance than the jury in the exercise bf their own judg. ment choose to give them. They neither are, nor are understood to be, binding on them, as the trueand conclusive exposition of the evidence. If, in summing up the evidence to thejury, the court should mistate the law, that would just ly furnish a ground for an exception. But the exception should be strictly confined to that mistatement; and by being made known at-the moment, would often enable the court to correct an erroneous expression, so as to explain or qualify it in such manner as to make it wholly unexceptionable, or perfectly distinct. [SO]
The plaintiff claimed title under a marriage settlement purporting to be.executed
VOL. IV.-A

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
the 13th of January 1758, by an indenture of release between Mary Philipse, of the first part, Roger Morris, of the second part, and Joanna Phllipse and Beverly Robinson, of the third part. Whereby, in consideration of a marriage intended to be solemnized between Roger Morris and Mary Philipse, &c. R. M. and M. P. granted, &c. to J. P. and B. R. "in their actual possession now being, by virtue of a bargain and sale to them thIereof made for one whgle year, by indenture bearing date the day next before the date of these presents, and by force of the statute for transferring uses into possessions, and to their heirs, all those," &c. upon certain trusts therein mentiond. This indenture, signed ind sealed by the parties, and attested by the subscribing witnesses to the sealing and delivery thereof, with a certificate of William Livingston, one of the witnesses, and the execution thereof before a judge of the supreme court of the state of New York, dated the 5th of April 1787, and of the recording thereof in the secretary's office of New York, was offered in evidence by the plaintiff, and objected to, on the ground that the certificate of the execution waS not lega, and competent evidence, and did not entitle the plaintiff to read the deed without proof of its execution. A witness was sworn, who proved the hand wriiing of William Livingston, and of the other subscribing witness, both of whom were dead. The ceitificate of the judge of the supreme court of New York stated, that William Livingston had sworn before him, that he saw the parties to the deed, "sign and seal the indenture, and deliver it as th r and each of their voluntary acts and deeds," &c. .By the Court. According to the laws of New York, there Wds sufficient prima facie evidence of the due execution of the indenture ; not merely of the signing and sealing, but of the de.ivery, to justify the court in admitting the deed to be read to thd jury; and that in the absence of all controlling evidence, thi jury would have been bound to find that the deed was duly executed. [82] The plaintiff, in the ejectment, derived title under the deed of marriage settlement ofthe 15th of January 1758, executed by Mary Philips , who afterwards intermarried with Roger Morris, and by Roger Morris and"certain trustees named in the same. The premises, before the execution of the deed of marriage settlement, were the property of Mary Philipse, in fee simple. T:.e defendant claimed title to the same premises undet a sale made thereof, 'as the p- 3perty of Roger Morris and wife, by certain commissioners acting under the authority of an act of the legislature of New York, passed the 22d of October 1779, by which the premises were directed to be sold, as the property of Roger Morris and wife, as forfeited, Roger Morris and wife having been declared to :be convicted and attainted of adhering to the enemies of the United States. Not only is the recital of the lease in the deed of marriage settlement evidence between the original parties to the-same, of the existence of the lease; but betwen the parties to this case, the recital is conclusive evidence of & same, and superseded the necessity of introducing any other evidence to establish it. [83) The recital of the lease in the deed of release in the present case, was conclusive evidence upon all persons claiming under thie parties in privily of estale, as those In this case claim. And, independently of authority, the court would have arrived at the same conclusion upon principle. [88] As to the law of estoppels. [83] Leases like other deeds and grants may be presumed from long possession, which cannot otherwise be explained; and undei such cirdumstances, a recital in an old deed, of the fact of such a lease having been executed, is certainly pre-

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Cirver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
sumptive proof or stronger in favour of such possession under title, than the nalred'presumption arising from a mere unexplained possession. [84] Thi uses declared in a deed of marriage settlement were; to and for the use of "Joanna Philipse and Beverly Robinson, (the relebsees), and their heirs, until the solemnization of the said intended marriage; and from and- immediately after the solemnization of the said intended marriage, then to the use and behoof of the said Mary Philipse and Roger Morris, and the burvivor of them, for and during the time of their natural lives, without impeachment of waste; and from and after the determination of that estate, then to the use and behoof ofsuch child or children, as shdll or may beprocrebted between them, and to his, her or their heirs and assigns for ever. But in case the said.Roger Morris and Mary Philipse shall have no child or children begotten between them, or.that such child or children shall happen to die during the life time of the said Roger and Mary, and the said Mary should survive the said Roger, without issue, then to the use and behoof of her, the said Mary Philipse, and her heirs and assigns forever.. And in case the said Roger should survive the said Mary Philipse, without any issue by her, or that such issue is then dead, without leaving issue, then after the decease of the said Roger Morris, to the only use and behoof of such person or persons, and in such manner and form as the said Mary Philipse shall, at any time during the said intended marriage, desire the same by her last will and testament, &e. &c. The marriage took effect, children were born; all before the attainder of their parents in 1779. Mary Morris survived her husband, and died in 1825, leaving her children surviving her. This is a clear remainder in fee to the children of Roger Morris and wife; which ceased to be contingent on the birth of the first child, and opened to let in after born children. [902 It is perfectly consistent with this limitation, that the estate in fee might be defeasible, and determinable upon a subsequent contingency; and upon the happening of such contingency, might pass by way of shifting executory use to other persons in fee, thus making a fee upon a fee. [90] The general rile of law founded on public policy is, that limitations of this nature
shall be construed to be vested when, and as soon as they may vest. The present limitation in its terms purports to be contingent only until the birth of a child, and may then vest. The estate of the children was contingent only until their birth, and when the confiscation act of New York passed, the3' being all born, it was a vested remainder in them and their. heirs, and not liable to be defeated by any transfer or destruction of the life estate. [92] The act of the legislature of New York of May 1, 1786, gave to the purchasers of forfeited estates the like remedy in case of eviction, for obtaining compensation for the value of their improvements, as is directed in the act of the 12th of May 1784. The latter act declares, that the person or persons having obtained judgment against such purchaserp, shall not have any writ of po'ssession, nor obtain possession of such lands, &c. until he shall have paid to the purchaser of such lands, or person holding title under him, the value of all improvements made thereon, after the passing of the act. Held, that claims of compensation for improvements made under the authority of these acts of the legislature of New York, are inconsistent with the provision3 of the treaty of peace with Great Britain, of 1783, and should be rejected. [101] That in all casesa party is bound by natural justice to pay for im~provements on land, made against his will, or without his consent, is a proposition which the court are not prepared to admit. [101]

4

SUPREME COURT.

[Carver vs. Jackson ex demn. Astor et aL.]
THIS was a writ of error to the circuit court of the United States, for the southern district of New York.
In the circuit court for the southern district of New York, an action of ejectment was instituted by the defendant in error, fori the -recovery of a tract of land in the town of Carmel, in the county of Putnam, in the state of New York. The plaintiff claimdd title on the demise-of John Jacob Astor and others, named in the case. The action was tried by a jury at October term 1829, in- the circuit court, in the city -of.New York, aid. a verdict and judgment rendered for the plaintiff in the same ; a bill of exceptions was tendered by the defendant in the circuit court, who prosecuted this writ of error.'
After judgment was rendered for the plaintiff in the circuit court, he prayed the courtto order a writ of possesion, to cause him to have possession of the premises; and thereupon James Carver suggested to the court, that Roger Morris, and Mary Morris his wife, under whom the plaintiff in ejectment claimed, were for. fifteen years and upwards, next before the 22d of October 1779; in possession of a large tract of land in the then county of Dutchess, in the .state of New York, including the premises. That on the 22d of October 1779, the legislature of the state of New York, by "an act for the forfeiture and sale of the estate of persons who have adhered to the enemies of the -state, &c." declared Roger Morris and'his wife to be convicted and attainted of adhering to the enemy ; and all their estate, real and personal, severally and respectively, in possession, reversion, or remainder, was forfeited and vested in the people of the state. That commissioners appointed under this act, on the 16th of November 1782, sold, disposed of, and conveyed.the land in question in this suit, to Timothy Carver, his heirs and assigns, for the consideration of seventy-one. pounds. That by an act of the legislature of the 12th of May 1784, and an act of the 1st of May 17$6, it was among other things provided, that' where judgment in a due course of law should be obtained for any lands sold by the commissioners of forfeitures,. gainst any'person who derived title thereto under the people of the state, or the commissioners,

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs. Jaclson ex dem. Astor et aL.]
the person who obtained judgment should not have a writ of possession, or obtain possession of the land, until he or she should have paid to the person in possession under said title, the value of all improvements made thereon, t6 be estimated as provided in the acts. That he, the said Timothy Carver, purchased the property held by him in the full confidence that he obtained a perfect indefeasible title to the land in fee simple, entered forthwith into possession of the same, made great, valuable and permanent improvements on the land, which are now in value upwards of two thousand dollars, by which the lands are enhanced in value to that sum and upwards. That Timothy Carver afterwards conveyed the premises to James Carver, the defendant in ejectment, who also made other valuable improvements on the land, before the commencement of this suit, of the value of two thousand dollars and upwards. That this action has been commenced and prosecuted, and a recovery has been had on a ground of title, reciting the same ; that the act of the legislature of New York, passed the 22d of October 1779, for the forfeiture of estates, &c. did not take from the plaintiff in the suit the title to the premises, after the death of Roger Morris and wife, both of whom were deceased at the time of the institution of this suit. So that the plaintiffs were the owners of the land in fee, and entitled to recover the possession of the same. And the defendant insists that, under the provisions of the seveial acts of the legislature of New York, he ought to be paid the value -of the improvements made on the lands; that no writof possession should issue until the same was paid; aid he prays the court to stay the plaintiff from the writ, or from having possession of the
lands, until the value shall be paid ; and that commissioners
may he appointed to ascertain the said value. .The plaintiff did not deny the facts alleged by the defend-
ant, but he denied the right of the defendant to be paid for the improvements, and insisted on his right at law to a writ of possession, and to the possession of the land without paying the value of the improvements. The court held, that the matters suggested by the defendant, and adritted by the plaintiff, were not sufficient to bar or stay the plaintiff from

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et a.]
having his writ of possession, or possession of the land wiihout paying the whole or any part of the value of the improvements estimated or valued in any.way whatever; and that the plaintiff should have a writ of possession to caus6
him to have possession of the lands. The bill of exceptions set forth the whole proceedings on
the trial of the cause ; and that an agreement had been entered into by the parties to it, that the plaintiff is not entitled to the recovery of the property unless it should satisfacto-
rily appear in the suit, in addition tb whatever else may be necessary to. authorise a recovery therein, that the whote title, both in'law-or equity, which may or can have been vested in the children and heirs of Roger Morris and Mary his wife, of, in or to the premises or lands in question in the suit, has .been, as between the grantors and grantees, legally transferred to John Jacob Astor, one of the lessors of the plaintiff, his heirs and assigns; nor unless a proper deed of conveyance in fee simple. from John Jacob, Astor and all persons claiming under him to the people of the state of New York, would be valid and effectual to release, transfer, and' extinguish all the right, title, and interest, which now is, or may have been vested in the children and heirs of Roger
Morris and wife.
The plaintiff in the ejectment gave in evidence a patent from William IIl. to Adolphe Philipse, dated 17th June 1692,for a large tract of land, including the'premises, and proved the descent of the same to Frederick Philipse ; and that Mary Philipse, who afterwards intermarried with .Roger Morris, was a devisee in tail with other children of Frederick Philipse, and by subsequent proceedings in partition, and by a common recovery, Mary Philipse became seised in fee simple of one equal undivided part of the land granted by the patent; and that afterwards, on the 7th of February 1754, a deed of partition, reciting the patent and the title of the heirs, was executed between the children and devisees and heirs of Frederick Philipse, by which the portions severally belonging to them were set apart and divided to each in severalty, one portion being allotted to Mary Philipse ; the laud in controversy being included in the land surveyed

JANUARY TERM 1830.

7

[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
and held under the patent and deed of partition. The part allotted to Mary Philipse in the partition, was No. 5.
The plaintiff then offered to read in evidence a deed of marriage settlement, dated 13th of January 1758, intended to convey all the land in No. 5, between Mary Philipse, of the first part, Roger Morris of the second-part, Joanna Philipse and Beverly Robinson of the third part; on the back of which deed was indorsed a certificate in the following terms : "Be it remembered that on the 1st day bf April 1787, personally came and appeared before me, John Sloss Hobart, one of the justices of the supreme court of the state of New York, William Livingston, Esq.,governor of the state of New Jersey, one of the subscribing witnesses to the within written indenture, who being by me duly sworn, did testify and declare that he was present at or about the day of the date of thewithin indenture, and did see the within named Joanna Philipse, Beverly Robinson, Roger Morris, and Mary .Philipse, sign and seal the same indenture, and deliver it as their and each of their voluntary acts and deeds, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned, and I having carefully inspected the same, and finding no material erasures or interlineations therein, other than those noted to- have been made before the execution thereof, do allow the same to be recorded. John Sloss Hobart." Upon the back of the deed was also indorsed a certificate of the recQrding thereof, in the following words: "Recorded in the secretary's office of the state of New York, in deed book commencing 25th November
1774, page 550. Examined by me this 11th of April 1787. Robert Harpur, D. Secretary." To which said evidence, so offered, the counsel for the defendant objected ; upon the ground that the certificate was not legal and competent evidence to be given to the jury, and did not entitle the plaintiff to read the deed in evidence, without proof of its execution; and that the certificate was not sufficient, inasmuch as it did not state that William Livingston testified or swore that he was a subscribing witness to the deed. The parts of the deed of t3th January 1758 material to the case, are. the following:
This indenturb, made the 13th day of January, in the thir-

S

SUPREME COURT.

[Carver vs. Jackson ex dern Astor et al.]
ty-first year of the r'eign of our sovereign lord, George 11. by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, king, defender of the faith, &c., and in the year of our Loxd 1758, between Mary Philipse of the first part, major Roger Morris of the second part, and Joanna Philipse and Beverly Robinson of the third part, witnesseth, that in consideration of a marriage intended to be had and solemnized between the said Roger Morris and Mary Philipse, and the settlement hereafter made by the said Roger Morris on the said Mary Philipse, and for and in consideration of the sum of five shillings, current money of the province of New York, by the said JoannaPhilipse and Beverly Robinson to her, the said Mary Philipse, at or before the ensealing and delivery of these presents, well and truly paid, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged; and for divers other good causes and considerations, her thereunto moving, she, the said Mary Philipse, hath granted, bargained, sold, released and confirmed, and by these presents doth grant, bargain, sell, release and confirm, unto the said Joanna Philipse and Beverly Robinson, (in their actual possession now being, by virtue of a bargain and sale to them thereof made, for one whole year, by indenture bearing date the day next before the day of the date of these presents, and by force of the statute for transferring of uses into possession), and to their heirs, all those several lots or parcels of land, &c."' describing the property, in which is included the land in controversy in this
suit. "To have and to hold all and singular the several lots of
land, &c., and all and singular other the lands, tenements, hereditaments, and real estate, whatsoever of her the said Mary Philipse, &c., unto the said Joanna Philipse and Beverly Robinson, and their heirs, to and for the several uses, intents, and purposes, hereinafter declared, expressed, limited-and appointed, and to and for no other use, intent, and .purpose whatsoever; that it to say, to and fr the use and behoof of them the said Joanna Philipse and Beverly Robinson, and their heis, until the solemnization of the intended marriage, 'and to the use and behoof of the said Mary Philipse and Roger Morris, and the survivor of them, for and dur-

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dern. Astor et al.]
ing the'term of their natural lives, without impeachment ,of waste, and from and after the determination of that estate, then to the use and behoof of such child or children as shall or may be pr,;. reated between. them, and to his, her, or their heirs and.assigns for'ever; but in case the said Roger Morris and Mary Philipse shall have no child or children begotten between them, or that such child or children shall happen to die, during the life time of the said Roger and Mary, and the said Mary should survive the said Roger, without issue, then to the use and behoof of her, the said Mary Philipse, and her heirs and assigns for ever; and in case the said Roger Morris should survive the said Mary Philipse, without any issue by her, or that such issue is then dead without leaving issue, then, after the decease of the said Roger Morris, to the only use and behoof of such person or persons, and in such manner and form, as she, the said Mary Philipse, shall, at any time during the said intended marriage, devise the same by her last will and testament; which last will and testament, for that purpose, it is hereby agreed by all the parties, to these presents, that it shall be lawful for her, at any time during the said marriage, to make, publish and declare, the said marriage, or any thing herein contained, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; provided, nevertheless, and it is the true intent and meaning of the parties.to these presents, that it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said Roger Morris and Mary Philipse, jointly, at any time or
times during the said marriage, to sell and dispose of any part of the said several lots or parcels of land, or of any other her lands, tenements, hereditaments and real estate whatsoever, to the value of three thousand pounds, current money of the province of New York; and in case the said sum of three thousand pounds be not raised by such sale or sales. during their joint lives, and they have issue between thefl, that then it shall be' lawful for the survivor of them to raise the said 'sum, by the sale of any part of the said lands, or such deficiency thereof as shall not then have ben already raised thereout, so as to make up the said full sum of three thousand pounds, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wise .notwithstanding.
VoL. IV.-B

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et aL]
The court overruled the objection, and alldwed the deed to be read in evidence, and the counsel for the defendant excepted to the same.
Evidence was then given, by the testimony of Mr Hoffman, to prove the death of William Livingston and Sarah Williams, who were witrqesses to the deed, and that the names of those persons. were their proper hand writing. That Mary Philipse and Roger Morris intermarried, and hid four children, all born before October 1779; also the death of some of the children; the intermarriage of others; that Joanna Philipse was the mother of Mary Morris and Susanna Robinson, wife of-Beverly Robinson; that Beverly Robinson died.between 1790 and 1795; that Roger Morris died in 1794, and his wife Mary Morris died in 1825. Evidence'was also given to show that Roger Morris was in possession of the premises
from 1771 to 1774.
The plaintiff then gave in evidence a conveyance by lease and release of the premises, inter alia, by the heirs and legal representatives of Roger Morris and wife to John Jacob Astor.
The conveyance by the commissioners of forfeited estates -o Timothy Carver, of the land, was then given in evidence by the plaintiffs, and by Timothy Carver and wife to the defendant.
Mr Barclay proved that Roger Morris and his family left this country for England just before the evacuation of the city-of New York by the %Britishtroops in 1782 or 1783, and that neither of them had since returned to the United States.
The plaintiff here rested his case. And thereupon the counsel of the defendant objected and insisted, that (independent of any other questions that might arise upon the plaintiff's case) unless the deed, commonly called a marriage settlement deed, which had been given in evidence, was accompanied or preceded by a lease, the plaintiff could not recover in this action: that without such lease, the deed could only operate as a deed of bargain and sale, and the statute of uses would only execute the first-use to the bargainees, Joanna Philipse and Beverly Robinson, who took the legal estate in the land;. and that the children of

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
the said Roger Morris and his wife took only trust or equitable interests, and not the legal estate in the lands; and that the plaintiff could not recover, because such lease had not*been produced, nor its absence accounted for, if one existed; and of this opinion was the court.
The counsel for the plaintiff then offered fo give evidence to the court, to prove the loss of the said lease, to lay the foundation for secondary evidence of its contents, by showing that diligent search for such lease had been made in various places, without being able to find the same; to which 'evidence the counsel for the defendant objected, on the ground that such evidence did not go to prove the loss or destruction of the lease, but to show that none ever existed ; and that before the plaintiff could give such, or any other evidence of the loss of the lease, he must prove that a lease did once exist.
The counsel for the plaintiff then offered to give evidence te show that diligent efforts had bedn made in England and in the United States to find the lease, without success; which was objected to by the defendant, on the ground that such evidence did not go to prove the loss or destruction of the lease, but to show that none ever existed; and that before such evidence was given, it must be proved that a lease did once exist. The'court overruled this objection; considering the recital in the release prima facie evidence for that purpose, and the plaintiff gave the evidence. To this decision, in overruling the objections and admitting the evidence; the counsel for
the defendant excepted. Testimony was then offered and admitted to prove that it
was the almost universal practice not to record the lease, when the conveyance was by way of lease and release. -This evidence was given by the testimony of persons who had examined the offices of record, and not by that of those who kept the records. The counsel for the defendant objected to this evidence, alleging that the facts asserted could only be proved by the persons who had the custody of the records; but this objection was overruled, and the same was except-
ed to. Here the plaintiff again rested the proofs as to the loss of

SUPREME COURT.

[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]

the lease; and offered to give secondary evidence to the jury

of its previous existence and contents. The:counsel for the

defendant objscted, and insisted that the plaintiff had not

sufficiently proved the loss of thielease, and was not entitled

to go into secondary evidence of its previous existence and

c'ontent .

But the court overruled the objections; and was of opinion

that the plaintiff had, from tile evidence, satisfied the court

as to the loss and non-production of the lease, and was en-

titled to give secondary evidence of its contents; to which opinion and decision, the counsel for the defendant also ex-

cepted.

The counsel for the plaintiff, for the .purpose of provink

to the jury the existence and contents of the lease, offered

to read in evidence to the court and jury, the recital con-

tained in the said release or marriage settlement deed, of a lease or bargain and sale for a year; to which evidence so

offered as aforesaid, the counsel for the defendant objected,

on the ground that the said recital was not evidence for

those-purposes against the defendant.

But the court overruled the objections, and permitted the

recital to be read in evidence to the jury, to prove the exist-

ence and contents of the lease; to which opinion and deci-

sion the .The

counsel

for

the

defendant

also

excepted.

plaintiff then offered, and gave in evidence, by the tes-

timony of Mr Benson and Mr Troup, that William Livingston,

who had witnessed the deed ofrelease, was an eminent lawyer

in the city of New York, where the deed was executed, and

that it-was the practice at that time to employ lawyers to

draw deeds; that it was usual to recite the lease in the deed

of release; that it was a frequdnf practice in New York to

convey lands by lease and release, until within four years of

the rev6lution; Evidence was also offered and admitted by

the books of record to show what was the usual form.ana

contents of a lease. To all this testimony the counsel for

the defendant excepted.

The printed journal of the house of assembly of New

York, for the year 1787, was then admitted in evidence,

under an exception by the counsel for the defendant, It

JANUARY TERM 1830.

13

[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et a].]
showed that on the 16th of February 1787 a petition had
been presented by Joanna Morris on behalf of herself, her brothers and sisters, children of Roger Morris and Mary his wife, relative to the estate forfeited-to the people of the state of New York by the attainder of their parents, and a report thereon to the legislature, and here the plaintiff rested his case.
The defendant gave evidence to prove that Timothy Carver; and himself under him, had been in possession of the premises since the close of the revolutionary war, claiming the same in fee. He also produced and read in evidence, convey-
ances by way of.lease and release executed by Roger Morris and wife in 1765,1771, 1773, and other deeds and leases for parts ofthe lot No. 5, in which no mention was made of the marriage settlement, and in which the property was de:. scribed as held under the patent to Adolphe Philipse, and which Roger Morris and wife covenant "that they had good] right and full power ana lawful authority to release ani convey the same in fee." The defendant also gave in evidence the exemplification'of a patent to Beverly Robinson,
Roger Morris and Philip Philipse, dated the 27th of Marcia 1761, in which is recite ' the surrender of paxt of the great
tract granted to Adolphe PiiTips'e on the 11th of June 1696, the descent of the. whole of the said tract to the children of Frederic Philipse ; no mention being made in the recitals of the marriage settlement, and by which patent two tracts of land, as a compensation for part of the land held under the original patent, which was supposed to lie within the Con-
necticut line, was granted. It was proved, by the evidence of Mr Watts, that he had in
his possession the marriage settlement deed which had been. read in evidence, at and immediately before the time of its proof before judge Hobart in 1787; that the witness wrote the body of the certificate of proof indorsed on the back ; that the whole, of the said certificate was written by the witness, except the name of judge Hobart, written at the bottom, which was written by the said judge; that he believes he wrote the certificate in the presence of the judge, at the time the proof was made, which was at the house of said judge, in the city of New York; governor Livingston

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem, Astor et al.]
was then staying at judge Hobaft's house on a visit. On being shown the said original certificate, the witness said that a blank was originally left in the body of the said certificate for the name of the judge or officer before whom the said proof was to be made, and from that circumstance he had no doubt that the said certificate was written before he knew what officer would take the said proof, and not in the presence of the jddge; that the witness received the said deed early in the said year 1787, in an enclosure from the said Roger Morris, who was then in Londoni England.
The plaititiff then gave -in evidence, the defendant's excepting thereto, the act of the legislature of the state of New York, passed April 16th, 1827, entitled '"an act to extinguish the claim of'John Jacob Astor and others, and to quiet the possession of certain lands in the counties of Putnafn and Dutchess ;" the act passed April 19th, 1828, entitled" an act to revive and amend an act entitled ' an act .to extinguish the claim of John Jacob Astor and others, and to quiet the possession of certain lands in the counties of Putnam and Dutchess.'" Evidence was also given, the defendant's counsel excepting thereto, to show that this suit was' defended for the state of New York by the attorney general of the state.
The counsel-for the defendant then ghive in evidence an exemplification of the proceedings of the council of safety of New York, on the 16th of July. 1776, in which it was resolved- unanimously, that all persons abiding within the state of New York, and deriving protection from the laws of the same, owe allegiance to the said laws, and are members of the state ; and that all persons passing through, visiting or making a temporary stay in the said state, being eatitied to the protection of the laws during the time of -such passage, visitation or temporary stay, owe, during the same time, allegiance thereto: that all persons, membets of. or owing allegiance to this state as before describel, who shall levy war against the said state within the samg, or be adherent to the king of Great Britain, or others the enemies of said state, and being thereof convicted, shall suffer the pains and penalties of death.

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs.Jackson ex dean. Astor et al.]
The counsel for the defendant also read in evidence-an act of the legislature of the state of New York, entitled "an act for the forfeiture and sale of the estates of persons who have adhered to the enemies of this state, 'and for declaring the sovereignty of the people of this state, in respect to all property within the same," passed the 22d of October 1779 ; it being admitted by the counsel for both paities, that Roger Morris, Mary Mforris, the wife of Roger Morris, and 'Beverly Robinson, mentioned in the first section of the act, are and were the same persons, by those names therein before mentioned ; Beverly Robinson being the person by that name who was one of the parties to the marriage settlement deed:
Also an act, entitled "an act- for the 'speedy sale of the confiscated and forfeited estates i'thirq this .state, and for other purposes therein mentioned,"' padsed the 12th of May 1784:
Also, "an act farther to amend an act entitled ' an act for the speedy sale of the confiscated 'and forfeited estates within this state, and for other purposes therein mentiolied,'" passed the 1st of May 1786:
Also, "an act limiting tbe period of bringing -claims and prosecutions against forfeitdd estates," passed the 28th of March 1797:
Also, "an act for the limitation of criminal prosecutions, and of actions and suits at law," passed the 2(6th of February 1788 ; aod ."an act for the limitation of"criminal prosecutions, and of actions-at law,"'passed the Sth of April 1801.
The couns-I for'the plaintiff then made'and submitted to the court in writing, the following points upon which they relied:
1. Mary Philipsc,- in- January 17.38, was seised in fee simple.
2. By the 'deed of settlement a contingent remainder was limited to the children of that- marriage, whicli vce~ted as soon as they? were born, and no act of Morris or his wife, done after the execution of that deed, can impair the-estate of the childrefi.

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs.Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
3. The recital of the' lease' in the release, is an estoppel against the defendant, as to the fact so recited on the ground of privity of estate.
4. If the recital be not a technical estoppel, theri it is an admission of a fact in solemn form, by the parties to that deed, and is evidence of the fact recited, from which the jury are bound to believe the fact, unless it be disproved.
5. The attainder and sale under it operated as a valid conveyance of all the estate of the attainted persons at the date of the attainder, and no more, The purchasers under this state acquired a title in these lands for the lives of Morris and his wife, and of the survivor of them, and in judgment of law must be considered as standing in the same relation to the children of that marriage, as the orignal tenants for life, whose estates wer . confiscated.
6. As the purchasers under the state were tenants for life, and-the children of Morris and his wife, or their assignees, are seisediz remainder of the fee, it results from that relation that the possession of the purchasers could not be adverse to the title of the remaindermen. The persons entitled to the remainder have five years from the death of Mrs Morris to commence their suits for the lahid; and the sale by the remaindermen to Mr Astor, during' the existence of the life estate, ' in accordance with the rules of the common law, and-in violation of no statute.
7.The principles of natural law, as well as the treaties of the 3d of September 1783, and 19th of November 1794, between the United States and Great Britain, confirm atd protect the estate so required by Mfr Aszor.
And the counsel for the defendant submitted in writing to the court the following points on which they relied:
1. That the plaintiff cannot recover in this action, unless a lease preceded or accompanied the release which has been read in the case.
2. That the plaintiff, not having offered any evidence of the actual execution or contents of any particular paper,. as such lease, cannot recover on the ground that a lease was executed and is lost.

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver s. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
,3. That the testimony df Egbert Benson; Robert Troup, and the otherwitnesses, as to the custom or practice of conveying by lease and release; the-professional character of William Livingston, and his connexion with the Philipse family; although it might, under certain circumstances, be evidence to lay the foundation for a general presumption, according to the rdies of law respecting presumptions of deeds and grants, that a proper lease or other writing, necessary to support the conveyance, bad been executed; is not competent to prove, either the actual execution, existence in fact, or contents of the alleged lost lease.
4. That no legal presumption of a deed or lease, sch as is necessary -to enable the plaintiff to support this action, can fairly arise in this case; because the facts and circumstances of the case are not such as could. not, according to the ordinary course of affairs, occur without supposing such a1 "deedor lease to have existed ; but are .perfectly consistent' with the non-existence of such lease.
5. That no possession having been proved in this case, more consistent with the"title of the plaintiff than with that of the defendant, any deed or tease, necessary to support the plainliff's'action, must be proved, and cannot be presumed.
6. That the recitals in the deed of release do not bind the defendant by way of estoppel ; because he is a stranger to the deed, and claims nothing under it.
7. That inasmuch as the defendant is not only a stranger to the deed of release, and claims nothing under it, but as also it appears that.the defendant's immediate grantor entered into possession of the premises as early as the year 1783, under a claim of title adverse to that supposed to be created by the said deed or release, and he and the defendant, after and under him, have continued so in possession, under stich adverse claim of title, to the present timea; the recitals in said deed of release are not evidence against the defendant.
8. Supposing the lease and release to have been duly executed, then the remainder, limited to the children of Roger Morris and Mary his wife, was a contingent, and not a vest-
VOL. IV.-C

is

SUPREME COURT.

[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
ed remainder, at the time of the ottainder and banishment of Roger Morris and Mary his wife, in 1779.
9. By the attainder and banishment of Roger Morris and Mary his wife in 1779, they became civilly dead, and their estate in the lands determined, before the time when the contingent remainder to the children could vest; and thus the contingent remainder to the children was destroyed for the want of a particular estate to support it:
10. By the attainder and banishment of Beverly Robinson, the surviving trustee, in 17'79, and the forfeiture of all his estate to the people of the state of New York, tll seisin, possibility of entry, or scintilla juris in Beverly Robinson, to serve the contingent usc when they arose was divested; and inasmuch as the estate cannot be seised to uses, there was no seisin out of which the uses in remainder could be served, when the, contingency upon which they were to arise or vest happened ; and the state took the estate discharged of all the subsequent limitations in remainder.
I 1.'In consequence of the attainder and banishment of Beverly Robinson, the surviving trustee, and Roger Morris and _Mary his wife, in 1779, and-the forfbiture of all their, and each of their estate in the land to the people of the state of New York, the children of Roger Morris and Mary his wife never had any legal seisin in the land.
12. In consequence of the act of attainder, and the cinveyance made by'the people of the state of New York to Timothy Carver with warranty, the estate of the children of Roger Morris and Mary his wife, in the lands in question in this suit, was defea(ed and destroyed.
13. Roger Morris and Mary his wit, under the marriage settlement deed, had an interest in the laid, and might convey in fee to the amount of three thousand pounds in value. They did convey to the amount of onq thousand dne hundred and ninety-five pounds in value, and the residue of that interest was forfeited to, and vested in the people of New York; and the power was wbll executed by the conveyance of the commissioners of forfeitures to Timothy Carver, the defendant's grantor.
14. The whole title, both in law and equity, which may

JANUARY TERM 1830.

19

[Carver vs. Jacksorr ex dem. Astor et aL]
or can be vested in the children and heirs of Roger Morris and Mary his wife, of, in and to the lands and premises in question, has not been, as between the grantors and grantee, legally transferred to the said John Jacob Astor, -his heirs and assigns.
15. A proper'deed of conveyance in fee simple from the said John Jacob Astor, and all persons claiming under him, to the people of the state of New York, would not be valid. and effectual to release, transfer, tnd extinguish all right, title and interest which now is, or may have been vested in the children and heirs of Roger Morris and Mary his wife.
16. The plaintiff's action is .barred under the act lirnlting the period of bringing claims and prosecutions against forfeited estates.
17, The plaintiffs action is barred under the general limitation act of 1788, also under the general limitation act of 1801.
Upon which the court expressed the following opinion and instructions, to be given to the jury on the defendant's points; under the modifications stated in the same.
1. The court gave the instruction as prayed. 2. It having been satisfactorily proved to the court, that __ the lease was lost, its execution and contents may be p'roved by secondary evidence. 3. That the testihixony of Egbert-Benson, Robert Troup, qnd other 'witnesses, as to the custom and -practice of conveying by lease or release; the professional charac.ter of William Livingiton, and his connexion with the Philipse family, coupled with the recital in*the release; were. adnissible in .this case to go to the -jyry, for them to..deter- min& whether a proper-lease, necessary to support the conveyance of release so as- to pass the, legal estate, had been executed. 4. That the jury might in this case presume, if the evidence satisfied them of the fact, that such lease was duly
executed, if in their opinion -the possesion was held by Roger Morris and his wife, under this marriage settlement deed, embracing both the lease and release. And that it was for them to decide from the evidence, whetfier the poss-

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex demr-Astor et al."
ession was held under the marriage settlement or under the title of Mary Philipse, anterior to the marriage settlement..
5. The instruction on this point is embraced in the answer
to the fourth. 6. That the recital in the release does not bind the dp-
fendant by way of estoppel ;" but is admissible evidence to the jury, connected with the other circumstances, for them to determine whether a proper lease was made and executed.
7. The instruction on thispoint is included .in the answer
to the sixth. S. The remainder limited-to the children of Roger Mor-
ris and Mary his wife, was a vested remainder at the time of the attainder and banishment of Roger Morris and Mary his wife, in the year 1779, and did not thereafter require any particular estate to support it; but if a particular estate was necessary, there was one sufficient in this case for that purpose.
9 and 10. The answer'to these points is included in the answer to the eighth.
11. The attain"der and banishment of Beverly Robinson, Roger Morris and Mary his wife, in the year 1779, and the forfeiture of all their estate in the land to the people of the state of New York, and the conveyance to Timothy Carver of the lands in question, did not take away the right which the children of Roger and Mary Morris had under the.marriage settlement deed.
1.2. The -answer to this point is included in the answer to
the eleventh. 13. Admitting that the power reserved to Morris and his
wife to sell a part of the lands included in the marriage settlement~deed became forfeited to the state, so far as it had not been executed, the sale to Timothy Carver could not, under the evidence in this case, be.considered an execution of that power.
14. The whole title, both in law and equity, which may or can have vested in the children and heirs of Roger Morris and Mary his wife, of, in or to the lands and premises in question, has been, as between the grantors and grantee,

JANUARY TERM 1830.
['Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
legally transferred to John Jacob Astor, his heirs and assigns, according to the true intent and meaning- of the acts of the legislature of the state of New York, which have been produced and read upon the trial.
15. A proper deed of conveyance, in fee simple, from John Jacob Astor, and all persons claiming under him, to the people of the state of New York, would be valid and effectual, to release, transfer and extinguish all right, title and interest which now is, or may have been vested in the children and heirs of said Roger Morris and Mary his wife, according to the true intent and meaning of the acts of the legislature referred to in the next prece ding instruction.
16 and 17. The plaintiff's action is not barred by any statute of limitations in this state.
The court then charged the jury. After stating the plaintiff's title under the patent to Adolphe Philipse in 1697, and that it was not denied by the defendant, but that Mary Pliilipse in 1754 became seised, in severalty, in fee simple of the premises in question, the court
proceeded to say :
"At this point the dispute commences. On the part of the plaintiff, it is contended, that the marriagesettlement deed which has been produced and submitted to you, bearing date in the year 1758, was duly executed and delivered on or about the time it bears date; the legal operation of which was to vest in Roger Morris and his wife Mary, a life estate, with a contingent remainder to their children, which became vested in them on their birth, and that their right and title has been duly vested in Mr Asto,, by the deed bearing date in the year 1809. On the part of the defendant, it is contended, that Mary Philipse never parted with her title in the premises by the marriage settlement deed, set up on the other side, or-that if she did, it was revested in her or her huffband, and. continued in them or one of them, until they were attainted in the year 1779, by an act of the legislature of this state, and that the title to the land in question thereby became vested in the people of this state, from whom the defendant derives title. Unless therefore the plaintiff can establish this marriage settlement deed, so as to vest a legal

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex den. Astor et al.]
estate in the children of Roger Morris and Mary his wife, he cannot recover in this action
"It will be proper for you, in examining and weighing the facts and circumstances of this case, to bear in mind, that the children of Morris and wife could not assert in a court of law their right in this land, until the death of Mrs Morris in the year 1825, and since 1825 there has been no want of diligence in prosecuting and asserting the claim.
"In the year 1809, Mr Astor purchased-and acquired all the interest of the children of Morris and wife; and.you are to consider him as now standing in their plaLce.
"The first question then is, was the marriage settlement duly executed . In the first place, the plaintiff has produced the ordinary and usual evidence of the execution of the deed, has shown that governor Livingston was the subscribing witness; and that in 1787 he went before judge Hobart and made the usuai and ordinary proof of the execution of the deed; such as was sufficient to entitle the deed to be re.corded: the hand writing of the witnesses who, are dead has also been proved. Upon this proof the prima facie presumption of law is, that the deed was executed in all due form, to give it force and validity; and in the absence of all other evidence, the jury would be justified, if -not conclusively bound to say, that every thing was properly done, including a delivery. But whether delivered or not, is a question of
fact for the jury. "Delivery is absolutely essential-; a deed signed, but not
delivered, will not operate'to convey land. But no particular form was necessary; if the grantee comes into the possession of the deed in any way which may be presumed to be with the assent of. the grantor, that is enough, and is a good delivery in law; and if found in the hands of the grantee years afterwards, d delivery may fairly be presumed, and it will operate from and relate back to the time of its date, in the absence of all proof to the contrary. If a deed be. delivered to an agent, or thrown on a table, with the intent that the grantee should have it, that is sufficient, although no words are used. Such proof as has been given in this case, would be-sufficient for a jury to presume a deli-

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs.Jackson ex dew. Astor et al.]
very, even in the case of a modern deed, and is much stronger in relation to one of ancient date. In this case, what else could be proved . Would it be reasonable to require any thing beyond what the plaintiff has proved . The witnesses are dead; their hand writing has been proved, and a proper foundation is thus laid for- presuming that every thing was done to give effect and validity to the deed.
" Such. being the case, the burden of proof is thrQwn on the other side to rebut the presumptidn of a delivery, warranted from these circumstances. Much stress has been laid upon the fact that the certificate of proof by governor Livingston not only states that the witnesg saw the parties sign and seal, but that he saw them delitJer the deed. In stating a delivery, the certificate is a little out of the ordiilary form; and it is not important, and adds little or nothing to the evidence of a due and full execution of the deed, that the .word deliver was inserted. This insulated fact is Aot of much importance, for without that word, the legal effect of the proof would be the same; proof of the due execution for the purposes expressed in the deed, includes a delivery.
"What then is the evidence to bring the fact of delivery into doubt! I separate now between the release and the lease; these are two distinct questions, and I shall consider the question relative to the lease hereafter. The. argument of the defendant is, that the deed was not delivered, and did not go into effect. Then what is the reasonable presumption to be drawn from the facts he has provedq keeping in mind that this is evidence, by the defendant to disprove the presumption of law from the facts proved, that the deed was duly delivered. It has been said on the part of the defendant, that the deed was probabjy kept for some time, and that the design to have a marriage settlement ,was finally abandoned. If you believe from the proof nmde by governor Livingston, that the deed went into the hands of the parties, then there was a good delivery, because a deed cannot be delivered to'the party as an escrow. Then is there any evidence to call the delivery into question 9 Where is the evidence to induce the belief that the deed was executed

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs. Tackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
with any understanding that it was not to have immediate effect, or that it was delivered to a third person as an escrow, or that the parties did not intend it as an absolute delivery 9 You have a right to say so, if there is evidence to support it; but if there is nothing to induce such a belief, then you are to say that it was duly de:ivered.
"IIt has been said that this was a dormant deed, never intended by the parties to operate; that it had slept until after the attainder and until the year 1787. There is weight in this, or rather there would be weight in it, if the parties in interest had slept on their rights. But who has slept.! Morris and his wife, Beverly Robinson and Joanna Philipse, the trustees: they are the persons that have slept, and not the children. This does not justify so strong an inference against the children as if they had slept upon their right. Is it fair in such a case to draw any inference against the children 9
"It has been said that there were three copies of this instrument; it is somewhat uncertain how many copies there were, or where they went. But suppose.there were three copies, where would they probably go q Undoubtedly to the perties in interest. Mary Philipse would have one; and Roger Morris anothe'r, and the trustees the third. Mary Philipse, in a certain event, oontemplated in the marriage settlement, would again become seised in fee. She therefore had an interest in having one copy ; for although #he had parted with the fee, she took back a life estate with the possibility of an ultimate fee in the land revesting in her. 'Roger Morris also had an interest under the deed, and it is therefore reasonable to presume that'he had one copy of the deed. The third copy would have gone to the trustees, Beverly Robinson and Joanna Philipse, But where did this one come from 9 All you have on this subject is, that Mr Watts received, it from Morris in 1787, to have it acknowledged. This one, for the purpose of passing the title, is as good as though all three were produced.
"It has also been urged that this deed was not recorded until 1787. Is there any thing in that fact that should operate against the children!. They were minors for the greater

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs. Jac6son ex dem. Astor et al].
part of the time down to the year 1787, when it was recorded.
"It has also been urged as a controlling fact, that Morris was here at the close of the wai, and did not have the deed recorded before going to Englana. It appears from the testimony of colonel Barclay, that Morris and his family left New York for England before the evacuation of the city by the British army, which was on the 25th of November 1783. It is well known as a matter of history, hat the British were in possession of the city of New York through all the war. Is there any thing then in the fact that it was not recorded, from which an inference can be' drawn against the deed . Where were the officers before whom Morris could at this time have had the deed proved? No law has been shown giving .any such power, nor do I know of any. such law. Then is there any just ground for a charge of negligence, even against Morris himself! After 1783 there were officers here before whom the deed might have been acknowledged or proved.
"Is there any. thing in omitting to have it recorded after that time! There was only three or four years delay; and are there not circumstances reasonably to account for that, and show why it was recorded in 1787 9 February preceding the time of probf and recording, the children made an application to the legislature, as'serting and setting forth their claim. They were told by the report of the committee, which was adopted by the house, if you have a right, as you say you have, go to the courts of law, where you will have redress.
"This was a very- proper answer. The report did not, however, as has been urged, contain any admission of their title; nor did the committee give any opinion upon the validity of the claim ; and if they had, we cannot regard it. But all they or the house said, was, that if what you allege be 'true, you have a remedy in the courts of law. This was calculated to awaken their attention and to induce them to prove and record their deed, as a.precautionary measure.. It has been said that this was no more than the ordinary transaction of proving a deed, and that in the case of an old
VoL. IV.-D

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs.Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
.deed, thd witness finding his name to the deed, swears from that circumstance, rather than from any particular recollection, that he saw it executed. But in this case, was there not something special and particular preceding the proof of this deed; something calculated to awaken atterition, and ought it to be consideredrib more than the ordinary transaction of proving an old deed. Governor Livingston, the witness who proved the deed, as has been proved to you, was a man of high character, an eminent lawyer, and a distinguished whig. It is fair to presume, also, that he knew what had been done just before in the legislature. Is it not reasonable then to believe that his attention was particularly called to the transaction, and that he referred back to the time of the execution of the dbed, and tiat he would not have proved it if lie had.not a recollection of what then took place.!
"It is reasonable to presume, his attention being awakened, that he refreshed his recollection of the original transaction. It was proved at Judge Hobart's house. Mr Watts drew the certificate. Bat can you presume that the witness would swear, and the judge would certify, without having read it! It is reasonable to presume that Judge Hobart, as well as the-wtness, knew what had taken place in the legislaiure in .this-city a short time'before. This certificate .iaslittle out of the ordinary form ; -it.states the execution to have been at or about the day of its date : they may have thought it ne-. cessary to show that the deed was not got up to overreach the attainder. Is there any thing in the circumstances of this proof to induce the belief of unfairness ?
" It is also said that Morris and his wife have done acts inconsistent with the deed. In weighing the force and effect of these acts, you 'must bear in mind the time when the interest vested in the children under-this deed ; for after that interest vetdd,,non6 but themselves, could divest it. It is said there is doubt as to the time when the marriage took place; but it was probably between 1758 and 1761 ; for in the latter year Mary Morris executed a deed as the wife of Roger Morris. I am inclined to think the law is, that after the marriage, the parties to the deed cotild not disannul the

JANUARY TERM 1830.

27

'Caever vs. Tirkson ex dem. Astor et a.)
deed. But certainly not after the birth and during thd-life of the children of that marriage.
"We now come to the acts that are said to be inconsistent with the deed. Those acts are of three distinct kinds or classes. 1. Those for settling the exterior lines of the patent. 2. The deeds to Hill and Merritt. And 3. The leases for the lives of other persons.
"In estimating the weight of the first class, it will be proper
for you to bear in mind the situatiop of the patent to Adolphe Philipse. It was bounded north by the Kip (or:Van Cortland & Co.) patent and the Beekman patent, and on the east by Connecticut. The first class of instruments produced by the defendant relate to the Connecticut. line, the Beekman patent, and the Kip (or Van Cortland) patent. The first deed is that of January 18th, 1758 : this relates to the boundary of the Beekrnan patent. You will see from this deed, and its recital, what the parties intended. It-reciteaan figreement in 1754, to settle the lines of the two patents.
"You are not necessarily to take this as having been executed after the marriage settlement deed: delivery is what gives validity to a deed. Certainly Mary Philip'se was not married at the time this deed was made; fbr if she had been, she would have sighed it as Mary Morris. If she was not married, and had not executed the marriage settlement deed, she was scised in fee-of the land, and had the absolute control over it.
"Again, it does not appear how much of the Philipse pa-
tent was conveyed by thi deed; and it was made in pursuance of an agreement in 1754, to settle the boundary.
"The next is the patent to Philipse, Robinson and Morris, growing out of the settlement of the Connecticut line. The government settled the line between Newv York and Con-
necticit, making it a straight line, instead of one parallel to the. Hudson river, according to the patent: and this patent was given to Morris and others for the lands lying on the west side of that line. And the patent recites, that Morris and his wife had released to the king the .land taken from the Philipse patent by the new line. This was an act-to settle boundaries. Again, it is to be observed, that Robinson and

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs,Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
Morris were both married; and yet the patent was not given
to their wives, but to the husbands. "The interest Morris had in the land, was a life estate un-
der the settlement deed, the same as it would have been without it. Without that deed, he had a life estate as ten-
ant by the curtesy.
"Morris, instead of taking this patent to his wife or chil'dren, or in trust for them, took it to -himself. He might, however, be considered as taking the land in trust for his children. But this alleged inconsistency of Morris is just as great without as with the settlement deed.
"The next is the deed to Verplank, in relation to the,Kip or Rumbout patent. It does not appear that this deed conveyed any of the Philipse patent. But suppose it did, it does not necessarily follow that it was intended to assert any right in hostility to the marriage settlement deed. Is it not a fair and reasonable presumption, these children being infants, that the parents meant this as a settlement of difficulties about boundary, for the benefit of the children, and noi that they intended to act in hostlity to the deed . It was the act of parents, and not of strangers. The intention with which all these acts were done, is important; as they are introduced to show that Morris and his wife have acted inconsistently
with their right under the marriage settlement deed. "We are next to consider the deeds to Hill and Merritt.
Are thes4e hostile to the settlement deed '.If there had been no power to-sell any part of the land, they would have been strongly inconsistent with the settlement deed. But that deed contains a power expressly giving them the right to sell in fee to the value of three thousand pounds. They -have only sold to the amount of one thousand one hundred and ninety-five pounds, and so are .within the power. But it has been said that these.deeds do not recite the power.that was not necessary: the purchasers in these (Hill and Merritt) deeds would acquire as valid a title as if the power had been-recited. These deeds are, therefore, not inconsjstent with the settlement deed.
"The next thing to be considered is the three, life leases. Were these such acts of hostility as to induce the belief that

JANUARY rERM 1830.

29

[Carver w. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
the settlement deed was not delivered 9 It has been argued on the part of the plaintiff, that the word disose,in the power, would authorise these leases as well as sales in fee. This I think isnot. the true construction of the power : looking at the latter part of the power, it is-evident thaf by the words sell and dispose of, they only contemplated sales,.and not leasing for life ir lives. And so, in strictness of law, they had no power to make tflese leases for lives. But if they had no such power, still the question returns, how-is that to affect the rights of the children; and did they intend it in hosility to those rights !- It could not affect their interest inthe land.. The question is not what was the legal effect of these acts, but. how did Morris intend them 9 Did he actually mean to act in hostility to the deed 9 That is the question. You are not to construe it an act of hostility, unless it was so intended by Morris. It was a new country: clearing and improving th lands was for the beneki of the children ; 'atid if Morris so intended these leases, they ate not hostile to the deed. These are all the circumstances relied upon as, being inconsistent with the settlement deed; and they are questions for you. I do not wish to interfere with your duties. It is for 'you to say whether the deed was duly executed and delivered.
"The next question for your consideration, is whether there was a.lease as iell as a release. In. the judgment of the court, a lease was necessary to convey a legal estate to the children, and through them to Mr Astor. Without a lease, this deed would only have operated as a bargain and sale, and the statute (for reasons that I need not stop to explain) would not have executed the ulterior uses. So a lease is indispensable to the plaintiff's title. Then the question is, are you satisfied that a lease was executed . This, perhaps, is the stress of the case. On this subject, questions of law are intermingled with the facts. The plaintiff says thit the recital in the release is conclusive evidence of the lease ; such evidence as cannot bd disputed. If so, then it would operate as a technical estoppel, and Carver's mouth would be shut, and he would not" be peimitted. to dispute the ex-

30

SUPREME COURT.

[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
istence of the lease, whether there was one in point of fact or not. But it is not enough to make it an estoppel, that the defendant cleims under the same party: he must claim under or through the same deed, or through the same title. Here neither -the defendant nor the state claim through this deed : they claim in hostility to it ; they say there never was such a deed ; they claim the interest that was in Mary Philipse in 1754. This recital is not, therefore, to be considered a technical estoppel.
,The question then is,.whether the recital can operate in any other way '.The court has before decided in your hearing, that this recital is evidence for the jury; and it is for you to say what weight and importance it ought to have. The defendant -has excepted to the decision of the court that this is evidence ; and if the court .should have mistaken the law, the defendant will have his redress. You are therefore, to take this recital as evidence legally and properly admitted ; and if legal evidence, it is evidence for some purpose. It would be absurd for the court, after deciding that it is legal evidence, to tell you not to consider it, or that it is entitled to no weight 6r importance. You must therefore regard this recital as -evidence;
"The recital being evidence, the question is for you to decide what is ifs weight and importarice . In recent transactions, where the party can have other evidence of the fact, recitals are of little weight. But in ancient transactions, they are of more'weight ahd consequence. There may be no witness to ptovie the fact. And the force and importance
of a-recital-may be. greater- or smaller, according to the facts aid circumstances of 'ach particular ease. Here the lease is lost, and it cannot iherefore be shown who were the witnesses to it, nor with certainty whait contained. The witnesses to the release. are dead, and the plaintiff could not theref6re be called upon to produce them. In the proof of ancient transactions, the rules of evidence must bd relaxed in some measure, to meet the necessity of cases. Where witnesses cannot be had we have to resort to othex. proof.
These will have greater weight in some cases ihan in others.

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
If the case is stripped of any fact or circumstance to induce a-suspicion of fraud, then d7 recital will have greater weight.
"From the release, it is reasonable to presbme that the parties intended to convey a.legal estate. This deed, if not, drawn by governor Livingston, was most likely drawn under his advice and direction, and is it not fair to presume that he drew the proper deeds to carry into effect the intentions of the parties . If-he acted fairly, he would have done -so ;-and is it not a fair presumption that he drew su'ch an instrumert as was cnstomary at that day, and deemed necessary to convey the legal estate !.
"It is proved that the lease and release was-the ordinary mode of conveyance. Judge Benson says, that was the uniform practice; and colonel Troup says the same. This is an additional circumstance to induce the belief that-a lease was executed, and it is for you to determine.whether the circumstances are sufficient to satisfy you that what ivas usual and in accordance with the ordinary course of business, was done in this case.
"But it is objected that tihe lease is not produced. The plaintiff has, in the opinion of the court, accounted for this, by proving it lost. It has been shown uot to have been the general practice to record the leases with the releases ; very few appear ever to have been so recorded in proportion to the relbases, and those produced in court, on the part of the defendant, have never been recorded: It has been said that the lease had.performed its office the moment the release was executed, and wasno longer of any moment. This is not correct ; but if the parties were under that impression, it will in some measure account for their not keeping it with greater care.
"If you are satisfied, from the evidence, that there was a lease duly executed, then the plaintiff has a right to recover, unless some act has since been done changing the rights of the parties.,
"The defendant's counsel have urged that this is not a case for presumptions in favour of the existence of a, lease; that

SUPREME COURT.
Carver vs. Jackson ex deul. Astor et al.]
presumptions can only. be resorted to when the possession accords .with the fact to be presumed.- There may be some question on this point. I have examined all the cases citerd,. but I find none that come precisely to this case. So far as I understand the 'cases, presumptions cannot be resorted to in hostility to the possession. The mere fact of a naked possession proves but little. Courts, therefore, admit evidence of' the deilarations of parties in possession of land, to show how they hold. In this case the possession may be considered equivocal. Morris and wife would have been entitled to the possession, whether there was or was not such a deed; and presuming, a lease, would not necessarily be presuming a fact in hostility to the possession.. Ifyou are therefore satisfied that Morris and wife were in possession, holding under the deed of marriage settlement, presumptions may be indulged in favour of the existence of the lease. But if you consider them holding the possess;on, in hostility to the marriage settlement, .iits not a case 'for presuming a lease.
"A lease and release are considered but one instrument,. though in two parts. The absence of the lease is not the loss of an entire link in a chain of title, .but it is a defect of a part of one instrument. Suppose a deed purporting to pass a fee, produced without a seal, and from the lapse of 'time or other cause, there is no appearance of~its ever having had a seal 9 Then the party must show that it had been sealed, for otherwise it would not pass the fee. By what kind of evidence could this fact be established ? Would it not be proper to look at the conclusion and attestati6 n of the deed-Signed, sealed, &c. . Would it not also be proper evidence, to show it was drawn by a man who knew that a seal was nedessary to pass the estate, and other 6ircuinstantial evidence, and for the jury, from evidence of this description, to presume and find that the instrument was duly sealed, to supply the defect and infirmity of the deed!
"If you are satisfied 'the lease, ag well as release, was executed and delivercd, a legal estate has been snown in thp

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex demnA. stor et al.]
heirs of 'Roger and Mary Morris, and the plaintiff will be entitled to recover, unless that titl6 has been revested in Roger and Mary Morris, or one of them.
"It is said that the title has been revested in Mrs Morris, by some conveyance,, since the settlement deed. This you may presume, if in your opinion the evidence will warrant such presumption. But no redelivery, cancelling or the like, would have that effect;- there must have been a reconveyance. This must also have been made before the marriage, or at the utmost length, before the birth of a child; therefore you can only look to circumstances arising before the marriage, or before the birth of a child ; unless-you should be of opinion that the acts of Roger Morris and his wife, 'wvhich have been given in evidence, were in hostility to this marriage settlement deed. The children may have. reconveyed since they came of age. But the circumstatices do not weigh very strongly against, them before' 1825, when they were first in a condition to assert their rights. There cannot be any very strong grounds for supposing the children ever reconveyed. And. if there is any thing to satisfy you there was a reconveyance, you will say so; and it will defeat the plaintiff's right to recover. But in my. judgment, the result will depend principally 'upon the question, whether a lease and release were duly executed and delivered, so as to pass'the legal estate,
"The deed of the state only passed such right to the defendant's father as the state had ; and if the marriage settlement deed has been established, that was nothing more .than the life estate of Morris and wife. -:It is tot necessarily to be inferred from any of the acts read, that the state intended to take any greater interest than such as the persons attainted had. They sold what the commissioners of forfeitures judged had been forfeited. They did not examine into the state of the title, but only exercised their judgment upon such information as'they had. 'It was for ihat reason that the state conveyed with warranty. The state cannot be presumed to have intended to conclude the rights of third persons who were not attainted. If, therefore, you
VOL. IV.-E.

SUPREME COURT.
(Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
shall find that the marriage settlement deed, consisting of a lease and release, was duly executed and ddlivered on or about the time it purports to bear date, the children of Roger and Mary Morris acquired under it a contingent ren~tinder, which became vested on their birth; and the plaintiff will be entitled to recover unless that interest was destroyed or put an end to by some subsequent reconveyance, of which you will judge and determine."
Vpon this charge, and on the opinion, the court left the case to the jury. A verdict and judgment were rendered for.the plaintiff; and the defendant prosecuted this writ of error.
The case was argued for the plaintiff in error by Mr Bronson, attorney general of Nev. Yorl: and Mr Webster; and for the defendant by Mr Ogdon and Mr Wirt.
For the plaintiff in error, the following points were made:
I. No estate ever vested in the children of Morris and wife uinder the -settlem~nt deed.
1. The remainder limited to the children by that deed, %vasa contirfgent remainder, and could not vest in the life 'time of their parents.
2. By the attainder and banishment of Morris.and wife in 1779, they hecame civilly dead, and their estate in the land determined: and the contingent remainder to the children failed for the wa~it ol'a partLular estate to support it.
3. If the attainder and forfeiture worked no more than an assignment of the particular (or life) estate; then the conveydtnce by the state of New York in1782, to Timothy Carver, with warranty, was equivalent to a feoffmcnt by the tenant for life, and destroyed the contingent remainder depending on that life estate.
4. By the attainder of Beverly Robinson, the surviving trustee in 1779, and the forfeiture of all his estate to the people of the state- of New York,- all seisin in the trustee to serve the contingent uses to the .children was divested. The state cannot be seised to a use ; and.so there was no soisin to serve the contingent uses to the children, when the

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
event upon which they were to vest happened : and the state took the land discharged of the subsequent limitations in remainder.
II. Under the settlement deed (without a lease) the children could not take legal, but only trust or equitable interests in the land.
IIl. The judge erred in admitting evidence to prove the los, before it had been shown that a lease ever existed.
IV. The plaintiff did not prove the loss, nor did he sufficiently account for the non-production of the lease, and was not entitled to give secondary evidence of its contents.
1. The release states it was executed in three partsthere must also have been three parts to the lease : and.the plaintiff should have accounted for all the parts, before being permitted to give secondary evidence of the contents.
2. Most of the evidence of searches for the lease, was of a loose and unsatisfactory character-depending; as to its sufficiency, upon mere hearsay evidence.
3. No sufficient search was proved among the papers of Mary Morris, formerly Mary Philipse.
4. No search was shown to have been made among the papers of'Joanna Philipse, the mother of Mary Morris and one of the trustees.
5. No search was proved in the office of the secretary of state, where the release was recorded. Nor was any proved in the clerks' office of the counties of Dutchess and Putnam, where the land is situated.
6. A search, by a third person, among the papers of the children and heirs of Roger Morris and his wife, who were lessors of the-plaintiff, was not sufficient. Those lessors were competent witnesses upon the question of loss, and should have been sworn, or examined on commission.
7. The other lessors of the plaintiff, Messrs Colden, Fow-'
ler, and Bogert, should have been sworn, as well as Mr Astor, to prove that they had not got the lease.
S. It should have been shown where the release came from, when it came into the hands of the plaintiff, or Mr Astor, and that the lease was not in that place.

36

SUPREME COURT.

[Carver vs. Jacksorn ex dem. Astor et aL]
V. ,The recital in the release does not bind the defendant by way of estoppel, nor is it evidence against him.
VI. This is not a case where a lease or other conveyance can be presumed.
VII. The plaintiff was not entitled to recover without proving the actual execution of a lease.
VIII, Evidence of what were the contents of a lease in a .particular case between other parties, was not competent evidence to prove. what were the contents, of the lease in this case.
IX. If a lease of some kind was executed, the plaintiff was not entitled to recover on proving it lost, without also proving what were its contents.
X. The judge admitted evidence which was not pertinent, and which may have misled the jury.
1..A common practice to convey land by lease and release was not competent evidence to prove that a lease was executed in this case, or what were its contents.
2. The professional character of governor Livingston was not competent evidence to prove either a lease or its contents.
3. Proof that it was not usual to record leases, .was not competent evidence to prove the loss of a lease in-this case.
4. Proof of what was the usual recital of a lease in a deed of release, was not competent evidence for any purpose.
5. The journal of the assembly was not legal or competent evidence against the defendant.
6. The acts of the legislature of the state of New York, relative to the claim of Mr Astor, were not competent evidence against the defendant.
7. Proof that this suit was defended by the state of New York, was not competent evidence against the defendant.
XI. The judge misdirected the jury on the question of a delivery of the settlement deed.
XII. The judge misdirected the jury as to the grounds upon which they might find there ws a lease Ds well as a
release.

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et el.]
XtII. The judge should have instructed the jury that this was a proper case for presuming a cdnveyance.
XIV. Roger Morris, and Mary his wife, under the mar-riage settlement deed, had an interest in the land, and might convey in fee, to the amount of three thousand pounds in value. They did convey to the amount of one thousand one hundred and ninety-five pounds in valup, and the residue of that interest was forfeited to and vested in the people ofthe state of New York; and the power was well executed by the conveyance of the commissioners of forfeitures to Timothy Carver, the defendant's grantor.
XV. The whole title, both in law and equity, which may or can have vested in the children and heirs of Roger Morris and Mary his wife, of, in and to the lands and premises in question, has not been, as between the grantors and grantee, legally transfeired to the said John Jacob Astor, his heirs and assigns.
XVI. A proper deed of conveyance in fee simple, from the said John Jacob Astor, and all persons claiming under him, to the people of the state of XJew York, would not be valid and effectual, to release, transfer, and extinguish, all righti) title, and interest which now is, or may have been vested in the children and heirs of the said Roger Morris and 'Mary -his wife.
XVII. The plaintiff's action is barred under the act limiting the period of bringing clains and prosecutions against forfeited estates.
XVIII. The plaintiff's action is barred under the general limitation act of 1788; and also under the general limita-
tion act of 1801. XIX. The plaintiff was bound to pay for the permanent
improvements upon the land, by which its value had been
increased.
Mr Bronson, for the plaintifftin error, contended; that on the true construction of the deed of settlement, no estate vested in the children of Roger Morris and wife. Morris and wife took upon their.marriage an estate in the land for the term of their natural lives, and the life of the' survi-

SUPREME COURT
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
vor, with a contingent remainder in fee to the children, which could not vest in the life time of their parents. The uses in the deed, were: 1.'To the trustees until the marriage. 2. To Morris and wife for life. 3.'From and after the determination of the life estate to such children as might be born of the marriage. 4. But if they should have no child or children, or such child or children should hap: pen to die in :the life time of their parents, then either to Mrs Morris, or to such persons as she should devise the same.
Thus the remainder was contingent and did not vest during the life of the parents; and it afterwards failed for the want of a particular estate to support it, the life estate of Roger Morris and wife. having been forfeited. It was the obvious meaning of the deed, that the residue of the estate should go to the children, if they survived the mother; and if not, to her, as either event should take place. It was thus a remainder limited to two persons, or classes of persons, depending on survivorship ; and until the happening of the event it could not become a vested estate in either.
This was the effect of the limitation over , and such a limitation is good at common law. There may be two concurrent remainders or contemporary fees, called alternate remainders ; the latter to take effect in ease the first shall fail. Laddington vs. Kime, I Lord Ray. 203. The same case is reported, I Salk. 224. 1 Preston on Estates, 488, 493. The case before the court is more properly one fee; one remainder ; and is like the ordinary case of a remaindei limited to the> survivor of two or more persons. . In jinswer to the allegation that the children on their
birth took vested remainders in fee, and that the limitations over, in case of the death of the children, could only have. taken effect by way of shifting use; it is urged that-although by conveyances deriving their operation from the statute of uses, estates may be limited differently from the limitations by conveyances at common law, yet the difference between a remainder and a shifting use is, that a remainder must be limited to take effect in possession upon the regular determination of the estate which precedes it. but a shifting use

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs. Jacksonex dem. Astor et at.]
does not take effect upon the regular determination of the preceding estate, but in derogation or abridgement of that estate. 1 Preston on Estates, 117, 92-. 93. Cruises Dig. Rem. ch. 5, see. 19, 36.
Springing and shifting uses, and executory devises are only admitted in cases of necessity, and it is well settled that where a limitation can take effect as a remainder with a sufficient freehold estate to support it, it shall not be construed as a springing or shifting use, or as an executory devise. Laddington vs. Kime, before cited. Doe vs. Holmes,_ 3 Wils. 243. Goodtitle vs. Billington, Doug. 725, 753. Fearne on Ex. Dev. 5.
The principles of these cases fully apply to this case. There was no difficulty in giving effect to the limitation to Mrs M6rris, or her devisee as a remainder, construing the deed'as giving the residue of the estate to the one or the other according to survivorship. Thus no estate could vest in the children during the life time of their parents. They had no certain or fixed right of future enjoyment. The case is therefore within the fourth class of cases, as they are arranged by Mr Fearne ; the person,.though in esse, was not ascertained. Fearne on Contingent Rem. 2, 3, 5, 9. Biggott vs. Smith, Cro. Car. 102. Co. Lit. 378, A. Cruise's Dig. Rei. ch. 1, see. 9. Bac. Ab. Rem. and Rev. D. 1 Preston on Est. 77. Leonard Lovie's Case, 10 Co. 85, 86. 3 Coke, 20. 1 Plow. Rep. 20. Smith vs. Belay, Cro. Eliz. 630.
Itis not the event which is to determine the preceding estate, but that which is to give effect to the rdmaind'er, which distinguishes a contingent from a vested remainder. I Preston on Est. 67, 70, 71. If the remainder to the children was vested in interest, it might be aliened or devised; and on their death it would descend to their heirs; and the limitation to the mother, and her .devisee might have been defeated, notwithstanding the death of the children before their parents. It is therefore evident that. the remainder was contingent until the question of survivorship was determined. 1 Preston on Est. 64. Cruise's Dig. Rem. ch. 1,. sec. 9. Doe vs. Provoost, 4 Johns. Rep. 61. Den vs. Bagshaw, 6 Lburnf. & East, 512.

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver 'vs. Jackson ex demrA. stor at al.]
There are some cases upon wills, where the courts, to carry into effect the intention of the testator, have held a contingent disposition of the estate to be a condition subsequent, to divest the estate, and not-a condition precedent. 4 Bos. & Pul. 313. 14 East, 601. 1 Maule & Sel. 327. 2 Johns. Cases, 314. But in these cases the estates in remainder were so limited as to take effect in possession upon the regular determination of the preceding estate; or where it was necessary to effect the intention of the testator so to construe the limitation. The cases of Doe vs. Martin, 1 D. & E.-39. The Earl of Sussex vs. Temple, 1 Lord Raym. 311. Matthews vs. Temple, Comberb. 407, do not interfere with the principles contended for on the part 'of the plaintiff in error.
2. The contingent remainder to the children failed upon several grounds:
1. By the attainder and banishment, by which Morris and wife became civilly dead, and.their estate determined; there being from that event no particular estate to support it.
Banishment for life works the civil death of the pgrty. Co. Litt. 133. 1 Blac. Com.-132, 133. 4 Johns. Ch. Rep. 218. 6 Johns.-Ch. Rep. 118. The remainder must vest in interest during the continuance of the 'particular estate, or the moment' df its determination, or it is gone for ever. Fearne on Cont. Rem. 307, 326, 389. Cruise's Dig. Rern. ch. 6, see. 35, 36. 2 Saund. Rep. 386., Thompson, vs. Leach, 1 Lord Raym. 316. Lloyd vs. Brooking, 1 Ventris, 188. 2 Salk. 576: In the cases of Corbet vs. Tickborn, 2 Salk. 576, and Linch vs. 'Coote, 2 Salk. 469, where it was held, that by attainder for treason of the tenant for life, the crown takes no other than the interest of the tenant; there was in the first case a still subsisting life estate to"sustain the remainder; and in the second case, the remainder was actually vested.
In Borland vs. Dean, 4 Mason's C. C. Rep. 174, it was held that the confiscation of the estate- of the tenant for life did not defeat the remainder. But this was.on the ground that it was a vested, and not a contingent estate at the time of the confiscation.
2. If the attainder and forfeiture worked no moro -than

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs.Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
ar assignment of the particular and life ,estate, then the conveyance by the state in 1782, to Timothy Carver with warranty, was equivalent to a feoffment by the tenant -for life, and destroyed the contingent remainder depending on that estate. Fearne on Cont. Rem. 316, 318. Cruise Dig. Rem. ch. 6. sec. 1, 7. 2 Saunders, 386. It is true that a bargain and sale by tenant for life will not destroy a contingent remainder, as it passes no greater interest than the person has. But the statute of New York, under which the commissioners acted, is part of the alienation as well as the deed, and the statute gives the deed of the commissioners all the effect of a feoffment with livery at common law.
3. By the attainder of Beverly Robinson, the surviving trustee in 1779, and the forfeiture of all his estate to the people of the state of New York, all seisin in the trustee to serve the contingent uses to the children was divested; and thus the remainder to the children of Roger Morris and wife was destroyed.
The state cannot be seised to a use; and so there was no seisin to serve the contingent remainder to the children, and the state took the land discharged of the subsequent limitations.
It is necessary to the execution of a use, that some person should be seised-to the use. Gilbert on Uses-and Trusts, 125. Chu,"eigh's Ca.e, 1 Coke, 132. 1 Saunders on. Uses and Trusts 117, 181. 7 Cruise's Dig. Uses, ch. 3, sec. 78. Cruise's Dig. Rem. ch. 5, sec. 9.
The king cannot be seised to a use, but by prerogative 'holds the lands discharged of the use; and the people ofthe state of New York have succeeded to all the rights and pre-
rogatives of the former sovereign. Cruise's Dig. Use, ch.2, sec. 37. Cruise's Dig. ch.3, sec. 9, 10. Vin. Ab. Uses (). Gilbert on Uses and Trusts, 5, 6. The People vs. Herkimer, 4 Cow. 345. The People vs. Gilbert, 18 Johns. Rep. 227.
The counsel then proceeded to argue that there should have been a lease, in order to sustain a marriage settlement.
That the loss of the lease was not proved. But the court. having decided that the recital of the lease in the deed of
VOL. IV.-F

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et aL]
the 13th of January 1758,'was evidence between these parties, of the original existence of the lease, the argument upon theie points is omitted.
It was further argued that the recital in the lease does not bind the plaintiff in error by way of estoppel, nor is it evidence against him.
The circuit court held that the -recital was not an estoppel, but that it was evidence against the defendant in that court, of the existence of the lease.
It was not such evidence. The defendant did not claim under or through the deed, but claimed adversely to it, and deduced his title from the patent to Adolphe Philipse in 1697. The plaintiff then set up a deed of seventy years standing, wholly disconnected with the defendant's claim of title; save that it was executed by one of the persons through whom the title had passed. It'is denied that it could be evilence against any one but the party who made it, and, possibly, his heirs and ,personal representatives, or others standing in his place.
It is not denied that the deed without the lease' is good and valid, and divests the title of Mary Philipse, as effectually as if a lease had been made; but without a lease the legal 'title is not placed where the plaintiffs below require it.
It is important to consider that there never has been a holding under this deed. Morris and wife were entitled to the possession of the estate without the deed, and it is necessary to look beyond the deed to ascertain under what title they hold. There is no evidence which .shows that the deed was ever referred to by them as valid or subsisting; but by a series of acts altogether unequivocal and adverse to the deed, they exercised full ownership over the property, by granting it in fee, or on leases for life ; acts inconsistent with
the deed.
The doctrine, that-the recital is evidence against the defendant, goes the whole length of determining that an admission, made by any person through whom a title has passed, binds every one to whom the title may come ; and that a deed, to which 'a party is a stranger, and under hich there

JANUARY TERM 1830.
LCarver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
has been no holding, not only binds him, by way of divesting the title of his grantor, but that he is also bound by any admission it may contain. The king is not bound by estoppels. Vin. Ab. Estoppel, (U, 2.) Nor are the governments of the states of the United States bound by them. Elmendorf vs. Carmichael, 2 Litt. Rep. 481.
The old doctrine was, that a recital did not bind any-one, not even the party to the reciting deed. Vin. Ab.- Estop. M. pl. 5, 7. Co. Litt. 352 (b). But it is admitted, that a different rule how prevails,; and that recitals are for the most part evidence against the party to the deed, his heirs, and those standing. strictly in the character of representatives.; and against persons claiming through or under the deed. Denn vs. Correll, 3 Johns. Cas. 174. Will. Rep. 9. Willoughby vs. Brooke, Cro. Eliz. 756. Com. Dig. Testmoigne (0. 5). But in 2 Starkie on Ev. 30, it is said "a recital.is not evidence against a stranger to a second deed ;" and ' man is a stranger to a deed when he does not claim under it, although he may claim under the same grantor.
The cases relied upon to support the position of the defendant iiferror do not warrant the conclusion claimed from them. Ford vs. Lord Gray, I Salk. 285. 6 Mod. 44. In these cases the claims were under the grantor, in and under
or through the reciting deed. It is' believed that no case can be found where the point
has been adjudged, that a recital was "vidence against one claiming under the party to the reciting deed, but not through it, unless where there has been a possession not to be accounted for, but on the trdth of the recited fact. 'In such a case it may be evidence against a stranger. Norris's
Peake's 164. Estoppels by verdict, admissions on record, &c. bind all
privies., 1 Phil. Ev. 245. Because they operate on the interest in the land, and divest the title. I Salk. 276. But a recital is mere matter of admission, which does not operate on the title to land, nor affect it in the hands of a grantee of the person making the admission. Even the heir is not always bound by that which would estop his ancestor. Good-

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
title vs. Morse. 3 T; R. 365. Kercheval vs. Triplett, 1 Marshall's Ky. Rep. 7, 494.
The judge admitted evidence which was not pertinent, and which may have misled the jury.
1. A common practice to convey land by lease and release, was iot competent evidence, to prove that a lease was executed in this case, or, what were its contents. 2. The professional character of governor Livingston, was not competent evidence to prove eithq a lease or its contents. 3. Proof that it -was not usual to record leases, was not competent evidence to prove the loss of a lease .in this case. 4. Proof- of what was the ,usual recital of a lease in a deed of release, was not competent eviddnce for any purpose.' 5. The journal of the assembly, was not legal or competent evidence against the defendant. 6. The acts ot the legislature of the state of New York, relative to the claim of Mr Astor, were not- competent evidence against the defendant. 7. Proof tkat this suit was defended by the state of New York, was not competent evidence against the defendant.-
It may be said that this evidence was unimportant : it is for that very reason that we complain of its admission. And unless the- plaintiff can show that it was legal evidence between-these parties, and upon the questions to be tried, the judgment must be reversed; for it is impossible to say, that the jury did not found their verdict upon it.
For what legitimate purpose were the acts of the legislature concerning the claim of Mr Astor given in evidence!. If to excite the sympathy, or operate upon the prejudices of the jury, it was an improper and illegal purpos9. We attempted to defend James Carver, and against him the plaintiff was to establish his right.
If the acts in question contained any admission in favour of the plaintiff's title, will it be contended that the legislature could destroy or admif away the vested rights of James Carver! But those acts denied the title of Mr Astor, and referred him to the courts of law to establish it by proof; and he was to do that against the tenants upon the land, not against the state.

JANUARY tERM 1830.
ECarver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et a].]
Again, those acts proposed a compromise, to Mr Astor; but there was no evidence that he had ever accepted those terms of compromise.
And how did it tend to establish the title of Mr Astor, orany thing concerning it; to show that this suit was defended by the state of New York '. If not legal evidence, a reversal of this judgment is asked. If Mr Astor has a title to this land, he must prove it by legal and pertinent evidence.
The judge 6f the circuit courtfmisdirected the jury on the, question of the delivery of the settlement deed.
The force of this objection can only be seen by referring particularly to the case of the plaintiff below.
The evidence offered was the affidavit of Mr Livingston of-the executiol of the deed, and that of Mr Hoffman of the hand writing of the subscribing witnesses, both of whom were proved to be dead. The affidavit of Mr Livingston way made, not from a recollection of the ex'ecution, but from h!, name having been subscribed as a witness. This was prima facie proof to put the instrument on record,-nz" amounted only to presumptive evidence of a delivery of. the deed. When a subscribing witness is called to prove the execution of a deed, two distinct facts are to be established. 1. The sealing or execution. 2. The delivery. 1 Stark. Ev. 331, 333, 334. 2Stark. Ev. 473, 475,. 477. Jackson vs. Phipps, 12 Johns. 418. Where the witness is dead, proof of the hand writing, furnishes pkesumptive evidence of sealing and delivery; if there has been possession under-it, or the .deed comes-from the grantee.- But in the absence of possession, or where-the deed was never in the hands of the grantee, the presumption is very. slight. Such proof of a deed'as will entitle it to be recorded, is certainly no stronger than an acknowledgement by the party that Ire executed it as his act and deed, for the uses and purposes therein mentioaed, and in neither case is the evidence conclusive, but only prima facie or presumptive, and such as may be rebutted. Jackson vs.Dunlop, 1 Johns. Cases, 114. Maynard vs. Maynard, 10 Mass. 456. Gardner vs. Collins, 3 Maspn, 398. These cases sufficiently establish, that the proof or acknowledgement, and

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
the recording of a deed, furnish onlyprimafacieevidence of delivery.
But upon the whole case it is thought that any evidence of a presumption that there was an actual delivery of the deed, so that it became an operativo and valid conveyance, was entirely destroyed by the facts of the case. The deed -was prepared in contemplation of marriage, and necessarily was not -to be delivered until the moment of the marriage ceremony. This must have been the case; as by its terms, if the marriage did not occur,.the estate would be held by the trustees. The marriage*'did not take place immediately, for -Mary Philipse, on the 18th of January 1758, executed a deed for a part of the land in her own name. She appears to have been married before the 5th of March 1761. It is probable the deed was thrown aside, increased confidence in Morris having made it ofno importance; 'and that it was only brought forward afterwards for the purposes for which it is now set up. It was not xecorded until 1787, although all the other title papers of the family were put on record. The.recitals in the deeds given after it, state all the circumstances of the title under Adolphe Philipse, but no deed recites this, or in any manner refers to it. There was no evidence that the deed had been seen after its execution in the hands of the -trustees; or seen at all, until 1787, when .itwas produced by the grantor. Upon such facts it is difficult to believe that it was at any time before the revolution a subsisting con,veyance.
Other important facts were proved. The deeds before the war, given by Morris and wife, grant and convey a fee simple in the parts of the land contained in the settlement, and do not mention a life estate. In-settling the line with Connecticut, the surrender to the crown does not mention the trust deed; the parties style themselves owners and proprietors, and the grant of land, in consideration of the surrender, is to Roger Morris, and not subject to the pretended settlement. Beverly Robinson, a trustee under the deed of 1758, should have protected the trust, but he was a party to the compromise with the crown, under which five thousand acres were acquired in his own right by Roger Morr;c

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et aL]
The misdirection of the court was in telling the jury that the evidence by which the delivery was brought into doubt was of no legal effect or importance. There was one error which pervaded every part of the charge in this particular. While the question was, whether there was any deed, duly perfected by delivery, under which the children had rights;, the judge assumed that fact and made it the basis of destroying the legal-effect of that evidence, given to disprove it. That this was a dorinant deed, which had slept for twenty-nine years, went very strongly to impeach its validity; and the judge said, "there is weight in this, or rather there would be weight in it, if the parties in interest had slept on their rights." He then says, , the children have not slept," and asks, "is it fair in such acase to draw any inference against the children." This assumes the very fact in controversy, that there was a deed;, and therefore that, it ws improper to draw any inference against the children from the acts or omissions of others.
He also contended, that the court misdirected the jury upon the omission to record the deed, and on the acts and conveyances of Morris and wife in disregard of the deed
of 1758.
Several of the deeds are disposed of by the court, by saying they were to settle boundaries; but they asserted a right to the lands in fee, and for what purpose they were made, was of no moment. In relation to the leases, the judge said that Morris and wife, "in strictness of law," had no power to make them; but he adds, "how is that to affect the rights of the children'" This was equivalent to saying the children had rights; the very question in the cause.
Upon the whole, it is evident that the court left nothing to the jury on the question of delivery. He also said, that in his charge he had laid before the jury all the circumstances relative to the question of delivery; but he had omitted to state that this deed came out of the hands of the graintor; and some other facts important to the cause.
The judge should have instructed the jury that this was a proper case for presuming a re-conveyance.

SUPREME COURT.
Uarver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
The judge told -t.he jury that they might. presume a re conveyance, if they thought the 6vidence would warrant the presumption; but he also said that in his it. gmen, hmL--ete depended principally upon other grounds. It was 'in. act saying that -it was 'not a proper case for presuming a re-
conveyance.
The presumption of such a conveyance was in accordance with the actual holding of the property from'1758 to theday of the trial; and all the parties connected with the title haye acted at all times as though such were thefact.
In New York, and the local law governg in this case, the rule, concerninig presumptions of conveyances is in favour of the clainis of the planitiff in error here. 2 Wendell's Rep. 36. Ham vs. Schuyler, 4 Johns. Ch. Rep. So too in England, a re-conveyance of the legal estate was presumed after a -great lapse of time, though the possession was not originally adverse, but under a trust. And this case received the sanction of this court in Provost vs. Gratz, 6 Wheat. 418.
Roger Morris and Mary his wife, under the marriage settlement deed, had an interest in the land, and might convey, in fee, to the amount of 4hree thousand pounds in value. They did convey to the amount of one thousand one hundred aud ninety-five pounds in value, and the residue of that interest was forfeited to and vested in the people of the state of New York; and the power was well executed by the conveyance of the commissioners of forfeitures to Timothy Carver, the def~endant's grantor.
In relation to the deeds to Hill and Merritt, the judge held that they were a good execution of the power in the settlement-deed: but on this part of the case'he held, admitting that the unexecuted portion of the power passed to the state by the forfeiture, yet that the conveyance to Timothy Carver by the state was not a good execution of the power. If Morris and wife could execute the power without reciting or professing to ac under it, why could not the.state do the same after they acquired the title!
If the power is to be regarded as dn exception out of the grant, then.Morris and wife had an interest or estate in the

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astoret al.] -"
land, and tbey.might convey-without -reciting. the power. And it is equally clear thut the residue of that interest or -estate not aliened, passed by the forfeiture; and so the defendant acquired a good title by-the deed from.the comrmiis"
sioners. We think this power-received different constructions upon
different questions: and that either the Hill and Merritt deeds were inconsistent with the settlement deed; or,that the defendant acquired a good title -under-the commissioners' deed.
The whole title, -both in law andequity, which-may or can have vested in, the children and. heirs of Roger Morris and Mary his wife, of, in and to the hnds akc, premises'in question; has not been, as betiveen the- grantors and-grantee, legally transferred to the said John Jacob Astor. his. heirs and assigns.
A proper deed of conveyance in, fee simple,- from- tl-'said John Jhcob Astor, and all persons Olaiming underi him,. to the people'of the state of New York, would not be valid and effectual,.to release, tran.fer, and. extinguish, all right, title and interest, which now is, or may- base been 'vested in the children and heirs of the said Roger Morris and Mary his wife.
These questions arise upon the admissions.made by the parties-before the jury, and which appear upon the record.
If the iemainder to the children was contingent, and not to vest until the death of both their pirerts, then it is quite clear'that it cofild not be aliened until the-question-of survivorship was determined. But if the court.should hold that the remainder to the, children 'was vested, subject to be divested by way of a shifting of the use, on the event of their dying before their mother; hen we contefid that they could not alien to a stranger, although they might release to.a-person having ah interest in the land. And if the conyeyance would bind the party to it by wdy of estoppel, still it would not bind-their heirs.. Goodlittle vs. Faulkner, 3 T.
R. 365. Kercheval vs. Triplett, 1 Marshall's Ken. Rep. 494. 1 Preston on Est. 75, 76. Viner's Ab. Release, G. Lampet's case, 10 Coke, 46. Hoe's case, 5 Coke 71. Coin.
VOL. IV.-G

60

SUPREME COURT.'

[Carver vs. Jackson ex dam. Astor et 41.]
Dig. Grant, D. Assignment, C. 3. Davis V8. Hayden, 9 Mass. 514, 19.
The plaintiff was bound to pay for 'the improvements upon the land, by which its value had-been increased.'
The substance of the provisions of the acts of the iegislature of New York is : that the purchaser, of any forfeited estate, in chse of eviction, should .be paid the value, at the time of the eviction, of the improvements he had made on the land; not for his labour or expenditures, but the amount by which, that labour and those expenditures should have increased the value of the land. The party who recovered his land would only pay the difference between the value of the land at the time of the recovery, and what it would be worth at'the time of the recovery without the labour and expenditures of the party evicted. This provision is both just and equitable. IIt is contended, that these.provisions of the laws of New York are in conflict with the treaty, with England in 1783. ,The acts are general ii their terms and in their operation ; they have no relation to the character or country of the person who-should recover lands w'hich had been sold or confiscated; they operate on all.
A partial. legislation, prejudicial to British subjects, was the thing, it was the object of the British government to provide against.
Did the British government intend to ask, or ours to give, privileges and. immunities, or exemptions to British subjects that were not accorded to our own citizens .
The legislature might perhaps have adopted such violent measures in relation to confiscated estates, which would have been unjust to our own citizens and to Bxitish subjects; and against such acts the treaty was intended to guard. But it cannot be. supposed that the provision of the treaty was to extend to interfere with regulations founded upon the principles of national justice.
What were " the.just rights" of persons having an interest in confiscated lanids I Not a right to the future labour of others, by which the value of the lands should be enhanced. In 1783, no British subject had a "just right" to the in-

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carvei vs. Jackson ex demnA. stor et al.]
creased value which James Carver should give to the lands after the year 1786, When the law was passed.
Mr Ogden, for the -defendant in error, In 1754, Mary Philipse was seised in fee of a part of what was then called- Philipse Upper Manor," of which the premises in dispute in this .suit are a portion. Mary Phil ipse is therefore the source from which both parties derive title]. Thb plaintiff in the court below must show that he has a good title under Mary Philipse. He claims under a deedof marriage settlement, executed by Mary Philipse, in consideration of her intended marriage with Roger Morris. Was this deed executed and delivered by Mary Philipse . This is a pure question of fact to be decided by a jury. The jury have found the fact ; their verdict is conclusive, unless the judge of the circuit court has misdirected the jury in the law. - If the misdirection of the judge was as to facts, it may have furnished ground for a new trial in the court below, but not for a reversal of the judgment here. 1 Serg. & Rawle, 333, 336. If no illegal evidence was admitted, the judgment is conclusive. The proof of the execution of the deed, and 'of its delivery, was made by the deposition of Mr Livingston in 1787, and by proof of the hand writing of the witnesses who are dead. This is the ordinary proof on such matters; all the other proof was brought forward by the defendant, all of which was given to 'the jury. This evidence was not illegal. If all the circumstances of this case are to be reviewed by this court, what are they !. The proof of the deed bad been *made by Mr Livingston, after it had been before tlie legislature, and the claims of those under whom the plaintiff claims had become the subjects of inquiry. It is objected that the deed was never, heard of'before the revolutionary war, and that it had never been produced until the interests of the parties required its production. Had the parties who now exhibit the claim on the defendant 'considered it as an ihoperative instrument, they would have destroyed it, and have claimed from the crown a compensation for the land, as a part of the loss sustained by the wa. But if

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs. Jacicaon ex dem.-Astor et al.]
any conclusions. can be drawn from thege facts, they were properly for the jury. As to the fact, whether the deed had been seeh before the war; it may have existed, and yet not
appear to this court, as the case is before this cotirt on a bill of exceptions.
As to the deed' not having been recorded at the time of its execution, there was. no law in force requiring that it-should be put on" record. There is no strength in the argument, that as the -ther muniments of title were on record, the fact that this deed is not found on record autho-, rises the belief that it never existed as a valid conveyance. A patent is always recorded before it issues. The deed to lead to uses, in the proceedings to bar the entail, was a part of fhe comrhon recovery. The deed of partition, which operated on lands twenty miles square, divided among three children, must have been recorded for the satisfaction of purchasers. But the settlement deed affected only the parties to it, and its recording was notcalled for.
Nor is- it evidence that no such deed was in force, that, in the conveyances made by Roger Morris and wife, after its execution, this deed was not mentioned. This was of no consequence in-tranisferring property to strangers. But if these facts are of any value, they were proper for the jury in determining on the question of delivery, or on'the presump-
tion of a reconveyance. In the marriage settlement, a power to convey lands to
the amount of three thousand pounds was reserved, and conveyances of-one -thousand one hundred and ninety-five
pounds were made. This power was properly executed without reciting that it. was derived from the settlement deed. As to the presumption of a recQnveyance, it is argued that a possession of seventy years was inconsistent with the marriage deed. But this was not the fact. In the year 1787, the deed was proved before judge Hobart, and was then recorded; and the claims of the children of Roger and Mary Morris were soon. after presented to the legislature of New York. It is a universal principle of law, that if possession be-consistent with a- deed, it shall be presumed to be under it. In this case the acts of Roger*Morris and

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dern. Astor et al.]
wife in the sale of the land, in granting leases, were of this character, and should be so qonsidered.
It is contended by the counsel for the plaintiff" ir error, that the recital: of the lease in the settlemnt deed does not bind him, because he -does not hold under -that'deed ; and does not bind the state of New York, his grantor,- because of its sovereign character. In answer to-the first, it may be said4 that if the plaintiff is not bound by the recitals, yet they were evidence which went properly Io the jury, and their verdict has affirmed them. To the second, it is submitted, that although the king is not bound by recitalsjn his own deed, he is bound by those in deeds under. which he claims. Matthews, 201. 'What was the legal operation of the deed .-It was the conveyance of the estate to trustees for the use of Roger ,Morris and wife for life, remainder to their children, and if no children,, a contingent remainder over to Mary Morris and her devisees. The remainder to the children was at first contingent, which vested at the birth of each child, and opened to.let in.those who were born afterwards. Cruise,. Rem. ch. 5, p. 346, 2W.4, 336, ch.. 4,: sec. 16,ch. 5, sec. 11,-p. 350.
It is said that the remainders were-deqtroyed, by the operation of the acts of attainder and forfeiture, and the conveyance-by the state of New York. That these were equiva,lent to a feoffment, and destroyed the particular estate, and consequently the remairiders. But the-"conveyance of the state'with warranty, was not equal to a feoffment. There was no livery of seisin, and .he operation of conveyances which pass thp whole estate is confined to those -vith livery 6f seisin. - Nor was the attainder and banishment of Morris -and wife a. civil death. The treaty of peace repealed the banishmeilt, and thbs restored, them to civil "exisience. The estate depended, by the terms ofits grant, on the natural' death of the. grantors.
And the- law is, that if a particular estate is determined the remainder man might enter, but he is not compelled to do so. 2 Ves. Sen. 482. :7East, 32. The act of attainder

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver s. Jackson ex dem. Astor et a'.]
intended to forfeit only the interest of Roger Morris and wife. Its terms extend no farther, and such only could be its operation. The offence charged against them was not treason, and no forfeiture was effected, but according to the words of the law. 2 Johns. Rep. 248. A condition or possibility was not.forfeited. 4 Mason, 174. The act did not intend to terminate the estate of Roger Morris aid wife, but to transfer it to the state of New York, and to continue it afterwards. Thus, for all purposes of sustaining the remnainders, it did continue, and their estate being limited to their lives, is now fully determined by their death; and their childreo, under whom the plaintiff below claimed, were fully entitled to the land.
As to the claim to be paid for the improvements, the treaty of 1782 confirmed all unforfeited estatei, and protected them from state legislation. The rights of those interested in lands were then vested, and could not be impaired. In 1782 the'land held by the plaintiff in error was conveyed to him, and the acts of the legislature of New York, under which he claims to be paid for his improvements, were passed in 1784: and 1786. He did not buy the land on the faith of these acts; and he has no claim to their legal provisions, or to any equities under them.
Mr Wirt, also for the defendant in error, said; this case arises under the attainder a6d confiscation act of the state of New York. The confiscation having fallen on the estate of Roger Morris and Mary his wife, under which the property was sold,-and the remainder in the children of Morris and wife having been, as is contended by thee defendants in error, protected by the treaty of peace, was sold to John Jacob Astor, and is now claimed under that purchase.
As the state of New York had sold the estate, under the confiscating law, claiming' the fee simple to be forfeited, it considered itself responsible to the .purchasers, should their grantees be ousted, after the life estate acknowledged to have been in Morris and wife should terminate.
Under these circumstances Mr Astor thought it advisable to present his claim to the legislature of New York, and cer-

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
tain acts were passed, by 'force of which, should the titlr'be established, by competent and designated judicial proceedings, to be in him, the state of New York has offered to pay him four hundred end fifty thousand dollars, on his executing a full and complete conveyance of the estate, both in law and equity; Which sum is to be reduced to two hundred and fifty thousand dollars, if it shall be determined that he shall be liable to pay for the improvements made on the coifiscated property, since the sale by the state.
The acts provide, that as a test of the real merits of Mr Astor's title, five suits in ejectment shall be prosecuted to judgment, and the decisinn of three actions out of the five shall be conclusive on all parties.
Under these acts the'trial in question has been had, not under the general law of ejectment which prevails in the state, but under the special provisions made for the case, and deranging the general rules of evidence in some particulars. On this trial the verdict and judgment were in favour of Mr Astor; and the defendant has brought the case here by writ of error, upon which writ no questions are open for consideration, but errors in law committed on the trial. Whether the jury decided properly on the evidence is no question for this court. Such.suggestions could only have been properly made on a motion for a new trial, or if the' case were hbre on a demurrer to evidence.-
The errors alleged to have been committed on the, trial, may be divided into four classes:
1.Errors in the admission and rejection, of evidence. 2. Errors in the construction -of the deed of marriage settlement, and the operation of the act-of attainder and confiscation. 3. Errors in the charge to the-jury. 4. Errors in awarding the writ of.possession; qithout requiring the plaintiff to pay for the improvements. 1. Errors in the admission and -rejection. of evidence.
This- was a prolific, head exceptions,- and in order to estimate them correctly the court must advert to the pre-. cise point, of the con.roversy at.which they arose, and 'the situation of the part es to the suit.

56

SUPREME COURT.

[Carvervs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et a.j
In 1-758, the marriage settlement, the purport of which has been frequently stated in argument, was, executed between Roger Morris, Mary Philipse, and the trustees, Beverly Robinson and Joanna Philipse, the mother of Mary Philipse. The contingent rem-ainder limited by the deed to the children in fee, becdmeiVe-sted on their births; and all the children having been born before the. year 1779, the condition of the-property at that time was; that Mclrris and wife held an estate for life .in it, with a remainder in -fee to their .children, which remainder continued in them until 1809, when they-sold the same to Mr Astor.
The defendant claims under the act of attainder and confiscation of-New York, passed on the 22d of October 1779. The' estate, forfeited by that act was all that which Roger and Mary- Morris had on the day of- its. passage. This we say was a life estate- merely as it regards fhe premises in this suit; -leaving the remainder in -feein the children un-
touched. How is this act 'to be. construed! As a forfeiture for
treason ? If so, the forfeiture would have relation only to the time of the offence for avoiding all subsequent alienations of land. 2 Hawk. ch. 49, sec. 30. But the courts of New York have expressly decided it is not to be considered as imposing a forfeiture for treason ;. that the act was a specified Offence, and -not treason; and that the extent of the forfeiture.is to be sought for only in the act itself. This court has held that state decisions on state laws are binding here,
The forfeiture is not therefore of the estate of Mary Morris as it came to her from her father,.but as it was subject-to all her. conveyances of all or any part of it, and to any dispositions she may have made of it, up to the time 6f the enactment of- the law.
If then the deed of 1-758, under which we claim, was really. executed, being a prior alienatiob, the title of the state. and of her grantees is baried. Thus, both plaintiff and defend-' ant claim under Mary Philipse, they are both privies to her and to her estate. The plaintiff below is a privy by deed, the defendant a privy by law.

JANUARY TERM 1830
[Carver Vs, Jackson ex der. Astor et al.]
Could the state, on the trial of the cause, have been considered as a stranger 9 They claim the estate of Morris and wife. They took the estate they held in October 1779, and they were consequently bound by all their prior alienations.
The state are not indeed privies in blood, nbr in deed,. by voluntary alienation; but they are privies in law, like-the lord by escheat or forfeiture. They belong to the class of those who come in by act of law, or "in the post," as lord Cokd terms it. Coke Lit. 352 (a). And thus, being privies in law, they are bound by the same rules of evidence, and by the same estoppels, as privies in blood, or privies in deed.
Mr Wirt then went into a particular examination of the decision of the court below on the admission of the deed of release in evidence. He contended, that on.the proof of the deed by Mr Livingston, and on the evidence of Mr Hoffman and Mr Benson of the hand writing of the subscribifig witnesses, they being dead, it was competent evidence. Cited, 1 Starkie, 333, 340, 341.
The defendant, he argued, did not question the sealing of the deed, but he did. question its delivery, and he offered circumstances as evidence to lead to the presumption, that the deed, although solemnly prepared, had never been delivered.
All these circumstances were admitted in -evidence by the plaintiff below, without objection; none were 'excluded by the court; and the defendant had the full benefit of them. They bore on a question of fact, the delivery of the deed; and their effect belonged -to thb jury exclusively, who have found that-the deed was delivered. These circumstances, and the effect of the testimony do not belong to the argument here. All that is to be inquired into is; whether the judge committed an error in law on this subject. No such error existed; none will be found in the charge: The instructions of the court to the jury, left to them the decision of the value and weight of the evidence.
He contended, 1. That the recital of the deed was not only some evidence of the existence -of the lease, but that in this case, it was an actual estoppel against the state- of
VOL. IV.-H

58

SUPREME COURT.

_N [Carver vs. Jackson ex dew. Astor et al]
New York to deny its existence. 2. That if it was not an estoppel, it was unquestionably evidence to the extent to which it was admitted.
If it was an estoppel, all questions which arise upon the exclusion of the auxiliary proof are superseded; for it could r3ot prejudice the'defendant to have let in such proof tQ establish a fact which he was *alreadyestopped to deny.
It is assumed as a proposition, that the.recital of a lease ,in a deed of release is evidence'not only against the releasor, but against all who claim under him by subsequent title, whether they deduce tleir title through the deed or not. That such a recital is not only evidence, but is an estoppel which binds the releasor and all who take the estate in his right by subsequent title derived from him; and it is only. against strangers in estate and blood, having no privity with the dne who has made the recital, that the existence and loss of the recited instrument is required to be proved aliunde.
The distinction that the recital binds those only who claim the estate through the deed, cannot be sound; because it is admitted' that such a'recital binds the heir, who does not claim through the deed, but through a line of descents, or of'descents and devises, blended, without the necessity of calling to his hid any collateral deed made by any of his ancestors ; and yet he is bound not only by th6 deeds of his ancestors, but by all their recitals.
Why is he bound '. Because he takes the property under the ,ancestor, precisely as the dncestor held it, claiming it in right of his ancestor; and is therefore bound by everyadmission under seal which would bind that ancestor. This is precisely the case with the state 'of New York. She took the estate under the same principles, and bound by the same admissions, not as a privy in blood, but by privity of law; which it will be shown is the same in effect according to the doctrine of estoppels.
The state ofNew York is not.an alienee for a valuable consideration, she stands in a situation resembling rather that of the heir,.than that of such an alienee. The estate of the ancestor descends on the heir. by the general law of the
land; this estate vests in the state under a particular law.

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dew. Astor et al.]
In both instances it vests in the same character, and in the same right; in the precise situation in which it was held by the person last seised.
The authorities maintain the priLciples and the positions here assumed. Gilbert's Ev. by Lofft, 101. 1 Phil. Ev. 355. 1 Saunders on Pleading and Evidence, 42. Peake, 164. 1 Stark. 369. .6 Mod. 44. 1 Salk. 285. 2 Levinz, 108, 242. Vaughan, 74. .4 Binney,. 231. Penrose vs. Griffith, 6 Binney, 416.
*Theprinciples settled by those cases are, that recitals bind the party and all who claim under him by suLsequent conveyances, but not those who claim under him by conveyance prior to the reciting deed. The operation of the recitals is not confined to those who claim under the specific deed of recital, but extends to all who claim by subsequent title.
Now the plaintiff in error is just in this predicament, for he claims under the same grantor by title derived subsequently to the date of the reciting deed. He claims under those who themselves claim under that deed; he claims the very interest which the deed moulds and limits, and therefore may be said to claim under the deed.
But while'none of the cases which have been cited recognize this distinction, there are others which seeni to put an end to it entirely. Marchioness of'Annandale vs. Harris, 2 P. Wins, 432. Doe ex *dem. of Colden vs. Cornell, 3 Johns. Cases, 174.
We are told by Lord Coke, Co. Lit. 352, that recitals are :reciprocal. Such too is the law of New York. Lansing vs. Montgomery, 2 Johns. Rep. 382. And therefore, since the state can estop the heir by such a recital, the state shall
herself be estopped by a similar recital. Suppose that the deed of release had settled the estate on Roger Morris in fee, and that the act of attainder and forieiture had fallen on his person alone ? Can there'be a doubt that the purchaser under the state would have defended himself under the lease, and that the wife and children would have been estopped from denying its existence. The decision in Denn .vs. Cornell establishes this. 3 Johns. Cases, 174.
But if the release is not an estoppel, the judge -in the

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.)
court below did not err; for he did not admit it as an estoppel, but only as some evidence of the existence of the-lease. Was he wrong in this . The cases which have been cited to prove it an estoppel, do at least psthblish that it is evidence ; that is, some evidence against the parties, and all who claim under them. Matthews on Presumptive Proof, 201. See also Garwood et a]. vs. Dennis, 4 Binn. 814. 3 Preston on Estates, 28, 29, 730, 31.
If the court were not to regard the recital as som9 evidence that a lease had been executed, what was to be done with thQ release whic6 bad been proved, and was regularly in evidence. Could they.regard it as a simple bargain and sale, vestingthe whole legal estate in the,trustees, and learv.. ing equitable estates only in Roger Morris and wife, and in their children . - The instrument disavowed that character for itself. It declared itself to be a deed founded on a lease; and its design to be, to transfer the uses into possession, under the statute of uses. The instrument being 'in the cause could not be got out of it, and the recital is part of it. The court were to give its legal character to the instrument, and on the truth of the recital its legal character depended: was not the recital enough to justify the court in saying, it appears there was a leas,.; ,you must produce the lease or account for its non-production . If the court could Eave said ihi's,' it is enough to justifythe opinion which was expressed; for such was simply the effect of the opinion-which was expressed.
Upon 'the alleged errors in the legal construction of the deed of marriage settlement, and the operation of the act of coniscation and attainder; Mr Wirt observed that the first point in which error is stated to have existed, was in holdifig, that under the marriage settlement there was ' a vested remainder in the children, on the 22d of October 1779, the date. of the act -of confiscation. The children were all born before 1779, and the remainder vested on their birth,
The question is, as to the legal effect of .t.he limitation to the children? The construction of the circuit court; Which we support, is 1. That the xemainder in fee limited to the children was contingent until the birth of the first child.

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
2. That on the birth of the first child the whole remainder vested in-fee.
3. That on the birth of the second child the remainder vested in the first opened to receive him, and so on until all the children were born, when'it became a vested remainder in the whole.
On the other side, the position is, that the remainder did not vest on the birth of the children; but continued to be a contingent remainder, until it should be seen whether the children would survive the mother; because the enjoyment6f the estate depended on' that contingency, for if the mother should survive she took the remainder.
We apprehend that the counsel for the plaintiffs has not sufficiently adverted to the distinction between the contingency on which a remainder is to vest in- interest, and -that on which it is to vest ii possession.- Vested remrindersjare still contingent as to-the enjoyment during the-continuance of the particular estate; and by the death ofa remainderman for life, before the determination of the particular estate, the vested remainder is gone for ever; it is divested on this event, and goes over to the ulterior remaindermdn. During the life of the remainderman, however, it continued to be a vested remainder; for it.was vested in interest, however uncertain the enjoyment.
The distinction between a vested'and -a contingent remainder does not depend on the contingency on which it is to vest in possession, but on that on which it is to vest in interest. The question, and the only question is this,-is the remaindetman in esse, and capable of taking, if the life estate should'determine 9 If he be, the remainder is at once a vested remainder, though it may be'unceitain whether it will ever vest in-enjoyment. . Fearne, 215, 216.
Now the children of Roger Morris and wife were in qsse before the year 1779, a'nd were capable of taking in possession, if the possession had become vacant by the death of the tenant for life. They had therefore a vested estate,
As to the objection that they were not capable of taking. the possession during the life of their parents. This is confounding the capability to take the possession, with the right

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et aL.]
to take it. In any vested remainder the capacity to take the possession arises before the right to take it. That capacity exists as soon as there is a person in esse who meets the description of -the remaindermhan, and nothing is interposed between him and the possession except the particular estate, while the right to take it isyet in suspense until the determination of the particular estate. And as soon as a remainderman is presented who meets the description of the limitation, -and between whom and the possession nothing stands but the particular estate,' the remainder .vests in interest, though it may chance, never to come into possession; for many are the vested remainders which 'have .passed away, wilhout having vested in possession.
On the 1st of October 1779, there was a life estate in the parents; there were children of the marriage, remaindermen, all in esse, and nothing. interposed between them' and the possession bxcept the particular estate ; and had that particular estate ended on the 1st of October 1779, they had capacity to take, ,and most certainly would have taken. These principles tare fully sustained in Fearne on Remainders, '215, 216, and the cases cited by the counsel for the
plaintiff in error do not, impugn them. The question depends on the very terms in which the re-
mainder is limited. 'The remainder limited over has nothing to do with the vesting of the first remainder, though it may have -something do with, the enjoyment of the estate. Inr this case, the limitation is not to such of the children as may be living at the death of their parents. Such a limitation might have artered the rights of the parties; as it would have, temained-uncertain until the death of the parents, who would be, and whether there would ever be a remainderman.
It isnot, however, a life estate, which is given to the children, but an estate in fee simple. Now, upon the construction given on the other side, which considers the lives of the children as'rufining against the life of the mother, btoth contingent until her dtt and the survivor to take the gstate,-suppose the children tb have died before the mother, leaving children; was it the. intention of the settlement that they should .bedisinherited ?

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et aL.]
By no construction can 'this be made an estate tail by im-
plication ; but if it. could; it would not vary or affect the vesting of the estate, subject to their dying without isine in the life of the mother.
The authorities to show that an estate is not prevented from- vesting in interest, though the possession may be subject to be defeated by future contingen~ies,'are Doe vs. Perryne, 3 Tk. R. 484. 4 T. R.'39. 4 Bos. &.Pul. 313. 1 Maule & Selwyn, 321. 6 Price's Rep. 41.
It has been said for the plaintiff in error, that these were concurrent, contingent remainders, ind that both were contingent until the survivor who was to. -enjoy the estate was ascertaineid. This is the same position in effeerwith that to which an answer has been given. They are not concurrent but successive remainders; the first remairider is to the children, and failing the vesting of. that, the limitation to the mother would survive and vest. . Courts never consider remainders conc.urre.t contingencies, exc6pt from abiolute necessity. Fearne, 377. But if they werer concurrent, they remained so only fintil the birth of a child bf the marriage, and then the remainder fully vested in such child. Luddington vs. Kime, 1 Lord Ray.
203. The next supposed error is in the construction of the acts
of attainder and confiscation; and on the assumption that this is a vested remainder, it is not understood to be contended that the act of confiscation would affect it.
Errors in the charge to the jury.-No important errors in law in the charge have been insisted on, but such as have already been the subject-of comment. The reikidue of the objections are, that the judge, in summing up the facts, put the evidence to the jury too favourably 'for the plaintiff below,and did *notput it sufficiently strong for the defendant.
Are the judge's rermarks upon the evidence errors in law There is no case which supports such a position; on -the con-
trary it is expressly laid down, that they are not such errors. I Serg. & Rawle, 333. Resting upon this authority, the charge may be left to its own vindication, not doubting that that vindication will be ample and sufficient for it.

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
As to the question of improvements. The case is this. There are remainders in fee protected by the treaty of 1783; and the state of New York has seized and sold the life estate, declaring by acts subsequent to the treaty, that with respect to all improvements made by the tenant for life, the remainderman shall not have his estate until he'hall have paid for those improiements. 1. Is this consistent with the nature of the estate . 2. Are these acts compatible with the treaty . As to the first inquiry, Roger Morris and wife were tenants for life, the remainder in fee belonging toiheir children. The relative rightsof the parties were fixed by the deed of marriage settlemen't. Under this' deed could Morris and his wife charge the remainderman in fee, with any improvements they should put on the land . Suppose, after havin& improved the lands, by their last will ahd testament tl sy had directed that the remaindermen should not entel'dntil they paid for the improvements . Would such a will have operated against their children?. Suppose they had sold their estate for life, ,stipulating that the purchasers, before the property should.
*be taken from them after their decease by the remainderman, should be paid for all buildings and improvements made on-the land. Would suph a, cove.uant have operated onthe children! Under the.deed of settlement no power thus to charge the fee was reserved. When therefore thestate ofNew York took the estate of Morris and wife, they held it as it had been held, and they succeeded to them as tenants for life, with no other powers over the estate than they had. Unless this was so, they took a greater estate. than was held by them.
But the act of confiscation disclaims this. It purports to takethe estate of Morris and wife only, and as they held it on the 22d of October 1779. The act does not purport or profess to disturb or impair any estate, except the estates of persons named in it.
The state of New York could not, by mere right of Puccession to the state of Morris and wife, impose this burthen

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem.Astor et al.]
on the remaindermen, and impair'their rights. It would bea most unjust and palpable violation of the rights of propqrty, a usurpation of power altogether unwarranted by the nature of the estate which they had takeri under the law. Nor 'does the power.thus to charge the estate of the re.mainderman result from their general power of legislation. It was not a. general act, which declared that all remaindermen should pay for improvements. It was confined to ,stdteg confiscated by the act of 1779. It was in 'effect a declaration by the tenant for life, that the remainderman should not have his estate until he paid him for his improvements. It thus became an individual action, and was not a legislative attion.
But if it was a legislative action, its effect was anenlargement of the confiscation act of 1779. It was a new confiscation, pro tanto, imposed on these remaindermen.
Who is to receive the value of these improvements . The acts of the state'of New York show they are to be paid for by them; -the value is to be deducted from the sum paya-" ble to Mr Astor, and thus the amount is to go into the fist of the state. This is a confiscation of the estates of children for the offences of their fathers.
2. Let us turn to the treaty of 1783, and consider the question under that treaty.
The court will perceive thai the act of 1784 has nothing. to do with this case. That act was prospective, and the sale to Carver was made in 1782. - It is the act of May 1786 which alone can effect this case; and by the suggestion it appears that the claim is for improvemeuits made since that act. Such a claim is in direct opposition to the fifth article of the treaty of peace. The terms of the article are : "audit is agreed, that all persons who have any interest in confiscated lands, either by will, marriage 'settlement, or otherwise, shall meet with no .lawful impediment in the prosecution of their just rights."
Persons claiming an interest in lands by marriage settlement, are one of the classes put by the treaty ; and their "just rights" are the rights they had "when the fteaty was
made. These rights were fixed at th.e time of the treat)',by VoL. IV.-I

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et aL]
the marriage settlements, and they were to enter on their estates-on the deat of the tenants for life, without any responsibility for the improvements placed upon them during the tenancy.
But here is a law of New York, passed three years after the treaty, which declares that they shall not enter on their estates without paying the fill value of those improvements. Is not this an "impediment" raised by this law to the prosecution of their just rights, and consequently a violation of the treaty 7
It is -aid to be no impediment to the prosecution of their just rights, because itIs just ihat they should pay for the improvements. This resolves itself into a question of law; which is, whether the remainderman in fee cannot justly take -possession of the estdte when his title to the possession commences, without paying for improvements put on the land by the holder of the intermediate estate. This is no question to a legal mind.
In relation to'the equitable view of the question ; this is not the case of a party who, having a right to the present possession', has stood by bind seen valu'able improvements put upon the' estate without disclosing his title, for the children had no title to the possessLi until the death of their mother.
Nor is there any thing in the argument that these improvements were inade irr ignorance of their title. Where is the law which requires that a party thus situated shall disclose his title ! It may also be urged, that the acts of th e legislature of New York bear upon their face evidence of a general 'knowledge that there were outstanding titles, which might lead to the eviction of their purchasers ; and that they are on their face levelled against the very titles which stand protected by tle tteaty.
Mr WebsTer, for the plaintiff in error. The first inquiry in the case was, as to the manner in which the verdict was obtained. Was it regularly preyed that any conveyance was ever completed, by which Mary Morris parted with her fee in the land, 6nd which was existing as a

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
valid conveyance in October 1779 . We say it was not: because, wesay, the judge misdirected the jury on'the evidence
bearing upon that point. We say a judge may commit errors which this court may
.correct ; either, 1. In admitting evidence which ought not to have been admitted. 2. In rejecting what ought to have been admitted. 3. By misstating the effect, not the weight of evidence. 4. By misleading the jury by a wrong statq7ment to them of what the evidence really is.
The two first propositions no one will deny. Tayloe vi. Rigg;, 1 Peters, 183, 596. Chirac vs. Reinecker, 2 Peters, 625. Dunlap vs. Patterson, 5 Cowen, 243.
The weight of evidence is for the jury. If a judge happens to say that he thinks A. more credible than B. it is a remark on evidence. If he says that it strikes him as not proved that a bond was given, it is the saie ; not so, if he speaks of" the tendency or effect of evidence. If he says; this evidence, if believed, tends to establish.the party's right when it does not; or that it does not when it does; then it is error; because, it is a remark not on evidence, but on the law of evidence. So if he 'misstates the thing to be proved, or the object for which it is intended, or its legal bearing; this is
error.
With these general principles in view, we mean to examine"thb judge's ruling on the trial in the circuit court.
1. As to the evidence of the question of the lease. Nothing wa5 proved but by the testimony of governor Livingston and Mr Hoffman. This was all merely formal. Governor Livingston's oath was in the very words of the attestation, and no more; it was written for him beforehand, and ih the formal words of attesting an instrument. He was an old man, swearing to a transaction then thirty years old.; and therewas no proof, no circumstance of which he had any recollection,
but from seeing his signature. There was no more in this than in all other certificates of attestation; they usually qertify delivery before any actual delivery ib made, and this was the fact in one of the conveyances by Mr Astor in this
case.
The deed was doubtless'executed at the house of Mrs

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex derm. Astor et al.]
Philipse. All-this is no mote than proving his own hand. writing, in 1787; and this would have answered the same purpose. All that was proved in this case was merely formal; it is just what would have been done if the parties had intended only to have a deed prepared, to be delivered or not, as they should afterwards.decide,-as an escrow. It is certain he did not- see any-actual deliver& of 'the deed; and, while nothing is imputed to governor Livingston, his testimony goes no further than has been stated.
There was no other proof of the existence of this paper, until it was proved in April 1787. It is not traced to the hands of the grantees. No. one ever saw it; it was not shown to the legislature. Perhaps, on this evidence, and its effects, thejudge. did not misdirect the jury.
This, though perhaps prima facie proof, was the slightest of all proof. No actual delivery shown, no possession -of. the deed by the grantees. Now suppose a marriage had not taken place,.and the trustees had set up this deed; it would have been aid at once that the pr.esumption of delivery was overruled. Any thing else that carries an equal presumption destroys the prima facie proof. It is, of all cases, the one inw,hich ubsequent events might intercept the delivzry of the -deedt
We were not called upon to disprove delivery; it was enough for us to bring the fact of delivery into doubt, every' thing else without delivery was nothing. The judge in this matter was right.
Now, what did we offer against this evidence. 1. The deed was never recorded or proved: this was not required by law, but it was, usual, especially with this family; all-their deeds were recorded ; the first patent, the deed to lead.to uses, the deed of partition; and the will was proved in chancery.
The settlement deed of all others was a proper deed to be .recorded; it was to provide for unborn children, and the practice of the family was not to be changed. The trustees would, in accordance with their duty, prove and record this deed, to'preserve the rights of the children.
More especially, why was not this deed proved and re-

JANUARY TERM 1830.

69

[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem.'Aotor et al.]
corded in 1783. Forfeitures were then all over; the chil,'
dren were biorn, and perhaps of men's estate. Only one part was found, and that had been carried beyond seas. Would prudent men have so acted. The treaty had then established the children's rights.
Now we 'say that this part of the case was not accurately stated to the jury. The judge asks if these circumstancqs should operate against the children! we say they should; and we think here is a plain misdirection in point of law.
We say that all the evidence relied upon by us, drawn from the conduct of the immediate parties to the supposed deed, is evidence against the children. The judge says these facts should not operate against the children; we contend that they should and must; and this is a direct question of law, -not a mere remark on evidence.
Again, the judge excuses Morris from recording the deed, becatisehe says there were at that time no 6ffices for recording deeds. But this could only be from 1775 to 1783. Our argument ii, that if the deed had ever been d61ivered, it would have been recorded before 1775. Is the form of this argument fairly stated' Is it legally stated 1 Then again, as toL not recording in 1783 ; the judge asks, are there not circumstances to, account for this delay of three or four years. This is equivalent to saying that there.are such cir-
cumstances. 2. The sleeping of this setlement from 1759'to 1787,
twenty-nine years, is relied upon to prove that it never had. a legal existence. Nor witness ever saw it. It was not heard of by any of the .family. It is recited in none of the conveyances. These are material facts. In the history ofthis title each deed recites the previbus deed, down to that now under examination ; below it they recite not through it, but over it; or as, if it were not in existence. There is- an absolute absenc6 of every possible lact looking to or recognising
the existence of this deed for thirfy years. Now is not this of itself evidence of warght and import-
ance to rebut the presumption of delivery q How does ihe judge answer this'? He says there would

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
have been weight in this if the children had slept thus long: we say it is just as strong against them, for the purpose for which'we use it, as against.Morris and wife, and the trustees. "The children slept upon their rights:" the very question is whether the children had'any rights. It is not whether they shall be barred,' but whether they ever had any estate. 'Now this is- clear matter of law. "Is it fair to draw any inference in such a case against the children !." That is, the jury understood the judge to say; the law will warrant no such inference. We say it will.
3. The manner of holding the property, and acts inconsistent with the title under the deed, disprove its existence.
Here is a whole series of acts .extending over many years, -by the very persons who were parties to the supposed settlement, and absolutely irreconcilable to the idea of its real subsistence. These- were the conveyances executecd by Roger Morris and wife, in which the settlement yeas not mentioned, and conveyances made in direct disaffirmance of it. The' charge of the judge upon these matters was
altogether erroneous.
The deeds thus executed, and the agreements, indicate a holding of the property in fee simple, not a holding under the settlement. And the judge says; that they are within the limitation of the power reserved in the settlement deed,
and not inconsistent with it.
Is this so . By the settlement deed, Morris and wife had estates for life only: in the deeds they expressly covenant they are seised in fee. Now the consistency or inconsistency of these deeds is a question of law, though the effect of the inconsistency is a question for the jury. The judge has said that in point of law they are consistent deeds, that there is no inconsistency between the covenants in the deed and the title unde: the settlement. Is this correct!
If the' judge had said that this form of executing the powers, might have been used through mistake; that the deeds might have been inattificially drawn.; and that the jury might consider those circumstances; it had been well enough. But he withdraws the whole matter at once from

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
the consideration of the jury, by directing them, as matter of law, that there is no inconsistency. Can this be sus-,
tained . As to the life leases, they were n6t given under the power
reserved in the settlement deed, nor in execution of the power. They are totally inconsistent with it, and the'evidence shows a system of leasing the lands. How does the judge dispose of these ? It was a question of intention as we say; and the judge asks; how do.these facts affect the* rights of the children! This is equivalent to saying they do not affect the rights of the children at all, in poirt of law. This is a legal direction on the effect of evidence. Is it right? might not these acts affect the children?
Again, the judge says, did Morris intend these acts in hostility to the children?. that is not the true- question. The question is, whether these acts go to show that there were no rights in the children. The truth is, the judgdproceeded altogether on the supposition that there had been an original acknowledged right in the children; and that we were attempting to bar that right by adverse possession. We say these acts prove or tenol to prove that there was no subsisting settlement, and that not only the weight but the bearing and effect of this evidence was misstated to the jury.
We contend that every thing from 1758 to the xevolution, bearing either way, bears against the settlement deed, as a subsisting deed, and for the original title; every thing giving indications either way, indicates a holding under the original title. That in thirty years there was no act-to the contrary, We do not say these circumstances are conclusive as matters of law, but we say they are cogent as matters of evidence; and we say the judge substantially withdrew
the consideration-of them from the jury. On the other important fact that the deed came, in 1787,
from the hands of the grantor, the judge said nbthing. He omitted to notice the circumstance, although he stated that he had mentioned all the circumstances of the case.
Then the case is : 1. That the deed, thirty years dfter its date, is still found in the hands of the grantor, not proved,

SUPREME COURT.
[Carvd vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.)
acknowledged- or recorded. 2. That no other part of the indenture is prbduced, lease or release, though search has been made for it. - 3. That no one ever saw the deed from its date until 1787. 4. That no one act was done in thirty years, recognising the existence of the deed for thirty years. 5. That subsequent conveyances, deducing the whole. litle, and reciting every other conveyance in the chain, make no mention of any such settlement deed. 6. That there is a series of acts, deeds, conveyances and compacts, begirning within five' days of the date of the supposed settlement, and coming down to the revolution by parties to the supposed deed, wholly .inconsistent with any idea of -its subsistence.
Now we admit that a jury may set up the. settlement deed against all this evidence; provided no direction be given them after. the.evidence is put in, and provided no improper direction be given. We do not.ask the court to decide on the weight of evidence. But we say, if the judge misstates the object of Ihe evidence offered, if he misdirects as to its tendency and effects, if he states incorrectly the viexws in which it is evidence; then the jury has been prevented from passinginteligently on the matter. We say the directions of the judge on these facts were not according.to the l4w of the case.
it is alsocon'tended that the acts of the legislature of New York were not evidence in the cause. The effect of their introduction Wa's to chwige the parties before the jury. They were not general laws of the land; and they were important testimony. For the admission of such evidence a court will reverse -a judgment. 3 Cow. 621. 16 Johns. 89. 5 Cow. 243.
Ai to the recital of.the lease in the deed of release; how far does it bind the plaintiff in erior, and the state of New Yorkunder which he claims.i
It is admitted that recitals estop the party to the deed, himself and his heirs; because the heir is bound by the covenants of his ancestor. They also afiect every person claiming under the instrument, unless it was offered as presumptive evidence of a grant in order to support a possession which

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dim. Astor et al.]
could not be accounted for but on the supposition of such grant. These principles are fully sustained by the elementary writers, and by. the cases in 1 Salk. 285, 286. Ford vs. Grey, 6 Mod. 44. 4 Binney, 355. Norris's Peake, 164. -Archbold's Pleading, 380. Saunders on Pleading and Proof. Preston on Estates, 43. Phil. Ev. 410. 1 Salk. 276.
There is no case in which a recital has been held to bind a person who comes in, in invitum. The alienee may be protected by covenants. But suppose a creditor who has -the land in execution; he takes it bound.by every thing his,debtor lfas done, not by every thing his debtor has said. It operates by way of admission. Under what circumstances is one man bound by the admissions of another. Suppose an admission under hand and, seal, ihat the property is held fraudulently. This will not bind the alienee without notice.
In the case in 1 Salk. 285, Ford vs. Grey, what is meant by "those claiming under him " Is it the persons who claim under the same conveyance, or merely by subsequent deed . The court had just decided. that admissions in an answer in chancery bind the party, but not his alienee. If the court designed these words in their extended sense, they would have suggested the-distinction between an answer and a deed.
The state of New York is a stranger to the deed of Morris and wife, and the recital should not, upon sound principles of taw, have been admitted to prove the existence of the.lease. But the circuit court admitted the recital to prove the existence of the lease, and also its contents." Upon the cases decided in Pennsylvania, in 4 Binney, 614, and another, the possession wgs equivocal, and secondary evidence was called in aid. Those decisions .turned on the special circumstances of the case. The case in 17 Ves. 134, was a case in which the lease was to be proved. Counsel were empl-byed to examine the papers before the conveyance. The chancellor admitted the release, because the possession could not be accounted for on any other ground. If possession is equivocal,. the exigency under which this case would apoly has not arisen.
In Buller's Nisi Prius, 254, it is said, "when possession VoL. IV.-K

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
has gone along with the deed many years, the original of which islost or destroyed, a copy or abstract may be given in evidence." In Matthews the doctrine is fully set forth, 188, 189, 190. And in the authorities cited, it is distinctly stateal that the recital of a lease in the release is evidence in those cases where auxiliary proof is admitted to make out the presumption of a conveyance to support a possession. Now if the possession-is equivocal, ex natura rerum, the presumption can never arise. Ricard vs. Williams, 7 Wheat. 59.
In the case before the court the possession, so far as the acts of the parties to the alleged settlement deed are to give it a character, has been shown to be adverse to the terms.and purposes of-that dead, and not at any time such as could have existed had the deed been considered operative and in force. When therefore the parties did not by their acts give to the deed any influence, ought it to operate on those who were entirely strangers to it, and who rely on the acts and proceedings of the parties to the deed to prove it had not 'a valid existence. This is to give it effect and power over the rights of strangers, when these were *never permitted by the parties to prevail as to themselves.
.Upon the title acquired by the children of Roger Morris, under the deed of settlement, Mr Webster argued ;
The question upon this title is now for the first time to be discussed. The construction which this court will give to that deed may be in favour of Mr Astor, and carry the rule as to contingent remainders to the extent claimed by his counsel; but there has been no case referred to which sustains the doctrine.
In all the definitions and generaL doctrines of remainders, the counsel for both parties agree. A remainder is "a remnant of an estate, expectant on a _particular estate, created togather with it, at one time." A contingent remainder is a "remainder limited so as to dppend on an event or condition which may never happen or be performed, or which may not happen or be performed until after the dete-ruination of the preceding estate."
These contingent remainders are classified under four divisions ;--and the fourth class is, where the contingency

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et a].]
consists in the person not being ascertained, or not in being, at the time the limitation was made.
The remainder now in question is of this class. Unquestionably when created it was contingent, because it was uncertain who would take. The example put by Fearne illustrates our case, as is contended. "If an estate be limited to two for life, remainder to the survivors in fee ; the remainder is contingent, for it is uncertain who will be the survivor." Fearne on Rem. 9. And this case cannot range with the principles claimed for the defendant in error.
Now it being clear that this remainder being, at the timn of its creation, contingent, because th6 persons to take were not ascertained; the question is, did it vest on the birth of a child of Roger Morris and wife, or remain contingent until the determination of the particular estate . We maintain
the latter proposition. Our view of the question is this. The deed created an*
estate for life in Morris and wife, with a remainder (not remainders), with an alternative aspect; ori:in other words, to be disposed of, or go in one or other of the two ways, according to the events. We think the case precisely the same as if the words had been "an estate to Morris and wife for life, and to the children of the marriage in fee, if the parents -should die leaving children; otherwise to the right heirs of
Mary Morris." It has been .argued, that the object in giving a fee to the
children was a high and leading one-that thism was th6 first' purpose, .and all others were secondary. But the deed .will
bear no such construction. It must be. observed that the estate to be secured was the
estate of Mary Morris. The object of the settlement was not to divest it, but to keep it in her control, and in the line of descent of her own right heirs. In only two events is it to be divested from her own right heirs. 1. If she have children living, it is to go to them, who, though her heirs, would take as purchasers. Q. The right t0 dispose of the estate. -by will in case of her dying without issue, and give away the
estate to whom she pleased. If she neither left children nor made a will, the estate

SUPREME COURT.
tCarver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
would go to her own right heirs. In no event was it to be divested from her right heirs to the heirs of Morris, unless she should desire to have it so; and thus the true object of the settlement was no more than to point out two events, in either of which the transmission of the estate to her right heirs should be intercepted. To use popular language, the estate is not vested in the children by the deed;, it is to be settled t n them, if there. should be children surviving the parents.
The estate is to move from the line of legal transmission, before it can be vested in the children as purchasers,and the removal is to take place on the happening of the contingency: this contingency we say is nothing other than the living of the children at their parents' death, or their surviving their mother.-
Suppose the grant had been from a stranger to Morris and wife for life; and after their death to their children if living; or otherwise, to the right heirs of the wife. Would not this have been a clear case of survivorship ? It'is stronger in this case, where Mary Philipse is the grantor, and proposes not to dispossess herself, nor her own right heirs; except in the happening of-certain conditions and contingencies.
Now we-say that there is no intent or purpose manifested by this deed,.which is not capable of being carried into full effect according-to its nature and import as a regular remainder. It comes, as has been said, within the regular definition of a remainder - and of a contingent remainder of the fourth class. Cited, Preston on E~tates, 119, 92, 93, 71, to show that it is a contingent remainaer in Mr Fearne's fourth class.
It is not pretended that the limitation could not take effect as a remainder.
For the rule of law is universal and unbending. "If a limitation can take effect as'a remainder, "itshall not be construed to take effect under the, doctrine of shifting uses." 2 Cruise, 350. The doctrine of shifting cases is analogous to that of executory.devises. "If there be a freehold to support the remainder, it shall not be construed an executory devise." Doe vs. Holmes, 3 Wilson, 243. Luddington vs. Kime, 1

JANUARY rERM 1830.
[Carver vs.Jackson ex dern. Astor et al.
Lord Raymond, 203. 2 Cruise, 283. Douglass, 757. In Douglass, 225, Lord Mansfield says, "it is perfectly clear and settled, that when an estate can take effect as a remainder, it shall not be ionstrued to be. an executory devise or shifting use." This principle precisely meets the case of the plaintiff in error. The same point is settled, 3 T. R. 485. 2 Cruise, 285.
The counsel for the defendant in error insist that this is a vested remainder at the birth of the first child of Morris and wife; and that we do not-attend to the distinction between remainders vesting in interest, and vesting in enjoymen. We have endeavoured to pay a' due regard to this distinction.
A remainder vests in interest whenever the person is ascertained, and is in esse, and has a fixed right of future enjoyment. In the authority cited by, the counsel, Fearn., 215, the remainder is absolutely limited to a person in esse. Now in the case before the court, it was not absolutely settled that the children would take: it could not on the view we have taken of the deed of settlement be absolutely ascertained until the parents' death.
Is is said, here is a person in esse, ascertained, and capable to take if the particular estate falls; and it is therefore a vested remainder. But the fallacy of this position is in this. He is capable of taking, that is, he is the person who may take, but he is not capable of taking, because he is not in a condition to take. Mrs Morris had just as much capacityto take as the children. But who shall take, is not ascertained. No one has a fixed and absolute right, nor can this be the case until the death of Mrs Morris. The faet of the case fully exemplify the application of these principles. Mrs Morris was married, had children, and had a brother who would be her heir at law, should she die leaving no children. Now if she should have survived her children, her brother would take the estate. [s this not a case of mere survivorship. Preston, 7. Croke Eliz. 630. Denn vs. Bagshaw, 4 D. & E. 512. 4 Johns. 61.
We say that as this remainder was capable of taking place as a regular remainder, it cannot take effect by way of shiftAnlg use. The law is fixed upon this point; there is no prin-

78

SUPREME .COURT.

[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et at.]
ciple which would induce the court to give it a construction
to operate, as a shiftihig use.
The operation of such a view of the case will show that it cannot be adopted. A son is born : we say the estate cannot be vested, because it is not ascertained that he will have it. If it does vest, it may defeat the whole purpose of the settlement. The counsel for the defendants in error say it shall vest; and if events make it necessary, we will divest it by the doctrine of shifting uses.
What will be the consequences of such a principle '1 On the birth of a son the remainder vests; he dies within a few hours after his birth: where is the estate then . It cannot go back to its original situation-once vested, it is no longer a contingent remainder. It has gone to his paternal uncle, out of the family. Suppose another child born, how can it go back .? Itfiever can by shifting use; for there can be no conveyance by shifting use, which conveyance is not provided in the deed. There is no provision in the deed that if the estate has been once vested in the right heirs of the children,, it shall afterwards be divested. When the estate has once gone to the' right heirs of the children, it'is irrevocable-the whol%- force of the deed is spent.
Besides, the result would be, that to preserve the fee, to keep it safe) it should be transmitted to the Morris family,
and be subject to forfeiture.
If the remainder was contingent, it fell on the attainder and banishment of Roger Morris and wife. This is'the clear doctrifie of law. Barland's case was like it. That was pronounced an escheat, and there'was no attainder, no banishment. If'a scintilla of the estate-was left in the trustees, that
passed by the "actof attainder and banishment also. Upon the claim of the plaintiff in.error to be paid for his
improvements, he argued, that it was questionable whether the terms of the treaty were intended to apply to such- a case. This action is not brought to prosecute an interest in lands, by debt or marriage settlement; but for the mere lands tbemselves, to'which an absolute title is created by a marriage settlement. The interest meant by the treaty was a lien on -lands, not the lands themselves. This is apparent from an

JANUARY TERM '1830.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et aL.]
examination'of the terms of the treaty. Marriage settlements
are coupled with debts; and an interest in lands by debt can only be a lien; and an interest in lands by marriage settlement, when found in this connexion, can only mean a charge on land by settlement deed.
It is to be observed that the treaty provides for any interest in land, whether by debt, marriage settlement, or otherwise. Now, if this means a claim to the land itself, these things would follow:
1. Suppose the children had been put into the act of attainder, they could have pleaded the treaty, because they had an interest in the land; that is, a title to the land itself, under the-marriage settlement. This was their "just right," and the confiscation act would have been an impediment. 2. Morris and wife might have sued in their life time, for they had an interest in the land under a marriage settlement. 9, The comprehensive term "Ior otherwise," would have let in every body named in the act. This would have repealed all the confiscation acts at once; which the treaty did not do. It only recommended their repeal. There is nothing to operate against the statute but the treaty.
He contended that the treaty did not apply to this case. Its application could not interfere wifh the rights of those who' had improved .the property and added to its value; so that when it was recovered, the party who recovered, obtained more than his title originally gave him. The treaty protects the just rights of those who are included in its provisions; but the party who has recovered the land cannot say he has a just right to the improvements made on the land-' not made by an intruder, but by a purchaser of a title which was good during the life of Morris and wife. The laws of New York relative to this subject, would be in force against her own citizens; and it could not have been intended that British subjects should have rights and privileges greatdr than our own citizens. The law interposes no impediment to the recovery of the property thegrantee of the children of Morris and vife are really entitled to; it allows them to. recover the land in the situation it was at the time of the

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dqm. Astor et al.]
settlemeht, and as it was, if Morris and wife had died a natural, instead of a civil death, in 1779.
Mr Justice Story delf~ered the opinion of the Court. This is a writ of error to the circuit court of the southern district of New York, in a case where the plaintiff in error Was the original defendant. The action is ejectment, brought upon several demises; and among others, upon the demise of John Jacob Astor. The cause was tried upon the general issue, and a verdict rendered for the original plaintiff, upon which judgment. was entered in his favour; andthe present writ of error is brought to revise that judgment. Both parties claim under Mary Philipse, who, it is admitted, was seised of the-premises in fee in January 1758. Some of the counts in the declaration cre founded upon demises made by the children of Mary .Philipse,by her marriage with R6ger Morris; aid one of whom is upon the demise of John Jacob Astor, who claims as a grantee of the children. Various exceptions were taken by, the original defendant at the trials to the ruling of the court upon matters of evidence, as well as upon certain other points oflaw growing out of the titles set up by the parties. The charge of the court in gumming up the case to the jury, is also spread, in extenso, upon the record; and a general exception Was taken to each and every part of the same, on behalf of the originaldefendant. And upon all these exceptions the case is now before US. We take this occasion to express our decided disapprobatiob of the practice, (which seems of late to have gained ground,) of bringing the charge of the court below, at length, before this court for review. It is an unauthorised practice, and extremely inconvenient both to the inferior and to the appellate court. With the charge of the court to the jury, upon mere matters of fact, and with its commentaries upon the weight of evidence, this court has nothing to do. Observations of that nature are understood to be addressed to the jury, merely for their consideration, as the ultimate judges of matters of fact; and are entitled to no more weight or importance, than the jury in the exercise of their own

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dern. Astor et al.]
judgment choose to give them. They neither are, nor are they understood to be, binding upon them, as the true and conclusive exposition of the evidence(a). If, indeed, in the summing up, the court should mistake the law, that would. justly furnish a ground for an exception. But the exception should be strictly confined to that mistatement; and by being made known at the moment, would often enable the court to correct an erroneous expression, or to explain or qualify it, in such a manner as to make it wholly. unexceptionable, or perfectly distinct. We trust, therefore, that this court will hereafter be spared the necessity of exaMining. the general bearing'of such charges. It will in the present case be ou duty, hereafter, to consider whether the objections raised against the present charge can be supported in pOint of law.
The original plaintiff claimed title at the trial under 4 marriage settlement, purporting to be made and executed on the 13th of January 1758, by an indenture of release, between Mary Philipse of the first part, Roger Morris of the second part, and Joanna Philipse and Beverly Robinson of the third part; whereby, in consideration of a marriage intended*to be solemnized between Roger Morris and Mary Philipse, &c. &c. she, Mary Philipse, granted, released, &c. unto Joanna Philipse'and Beverly.Robinson, "in their actual possession now being, by virtue of a bargain and sale to them thereof made for one whole year, by indenture bearing date the day next before the date of these presents, and by force of the statute for transferring uses into possession, and to their heirs, all ihose several lots or, parcels of land, &c. &c." upon certain trusts and uses in the same indenture mentioned. This indenture, signed and sealed by the parties, with the usual attestation of the subscribing witnqsses, (William Livingston .and Sarah Williams), to the sealing and delivery thereof with a certificate of the proof of the due execution thereof by William.Livingston (one of the subscribing witneSses), before Judge Hobart; of the -supreme court of New York, on the 5th of April 1787,.and
* (a) See Evans vs. Eaton, 7 Wheat. Rep. 356, 426. VOL. IV.-L

SUPREME COURT.'
[Carver vs. Jackson ex der. Astor et al.]
a certificate. of the recording thereof in the secretary's office of tle state 6f New York, was offered ir. evidence at the trial by the plaintiff, and was objected to by the defendant,
upon the ground that the certificate of the execution was not legal and compet6nt evidence, and did not entitle the plaintiff to read the deed in evidence, without proof of its-execution, The judge, who*presided at the trial,; overruled .the objection, and admitted the deed in evidence. This constitutes the first exception of the defendant. A witnesg.was then sworn, who testified that the signatures of William Livingston and Sarah Williams to 'the deed were in their proper hand writing, and that they were both dead. The deed was then read in evidence. The certificate of the probate of the deed before Judge Hobart, is in the usual form practised in that state, excepting only that it states with somewhat. more particularity than is usual, that Wilhiam Livingston, one of the subscribing witnespes, &c. being duly.s w'orn, did testify and declare, "that *he was present at or abo.t thq day of the date of the said indentuie, and did see the within named Joanna Philipse, Beverly Robinson, Roger Morris and Mary Philipse, sign and seal. the same indenture, and deliver it as their and each of their voluntafy acts and deeds," &c.
We are of opinion, that under these circumstances, and according to the laws of New York, there was sufficient prima facie evidefice of the due execution of the indenture (by which we mean not merely the signing and sealing, but the delivery also), to justify the court in admitting it to bp read to the jury; and that in the absence of all controlling evidence, the jury would have been bound to find that it was duly executed. We understand sufchtto be the uniform construciibn of the laws of New- York, in -all cases where the execution of any deed has been so, prp-ved, and has been subsequently yecorded. The oath of a subscribing witness before the proper magistrate, and the subsequent registration, are deemed sufficiedit, prima facie, .to establish its delivery as a deed. The objection was not, indeed, seriously
pressed at the argument. The next exceptions of the defendant grew out of the

JANUARY TERM 1S30.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
non-production of the lease recited in the "deed of marriage settlement, and of the insufficiency of the evidence-to establish either its original existence, or its subsequentloss. We do not think it necessary to go into a particular examination of the various exceptions on this head, or of the actual posture under which they were presented to the court, or of the manner in which they were ruled by- the court. Whichever way many of the points may be decided, our opinion proceeds upon a ground which supersedes them, and destroys all their influence upon the cause. 'We are of opinion, not only that the recital of the lease in- the deed of marriage settlement'was evidence between these parties of the original existence of the lease, but that it was conclusive evidence between these parties of thdt original existence; and superseded the n6cessity of introducing any other evidence to establish it.
The reasons upon which this opinion is founded will now be briefly expounded. To'wfhat extent, and between .what paities, the recital- of a lease in a deed of release, (for we need-not go into the consideration of recitals generally,) is evidence, is a matter not laid down with much aceuracy or precision in some of the elementary treatises on the subject of evidence. It is laid down generally, that a recital of one deed in another binds the parties and those who claim under them. Technically speaking, it operates as an estoppel, and binds parties and privies privies in blood, privies in estate, and privies, in law. But it does not bind mere strangers, or those who claim by title paramotint the deed. It does not bind persons claiming- by an adverse title, or persons claiming from the parties by title anterior to the date
of the reciting deed. . Such is the general rule. But there are cases, in which
such a recital may be used as evidence even against strangers. If for instance there be the recital of a lease in a deed of release, and in a suit against a stranger the title under the release comes in question, there the recital of the lease in such release is not per se evidenc of the existence of the. lease. But, if the existence and loss of the lease be esfablished by other evidence, there the recital is admissible as secondary

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dern. Astor et al.]
proof in the absence of more perfect evidence, to establish the contents of the lease ; and if the transaction be an ancient one, and the possession has been long held under such release, and is not otherwise to be accounted for, there the recital will of itself under such circumstances materially fortify the presumption from lapse of time and length of possession of the original existence of the lease. Leases, like other deeds and grants, may be presumed from long possession, which cannot otherwise be explained; and under such' circumstances, a recital of the fact of such a lease in an old deed is certainly far stronger presumptive proof in favour of such possession under title, than the naked presumption arising from a mere unexplained possession.
Such is the general result of the doctrine to be fourid in the best elementary writers on the subject of evidence(a). Peake on Evidence (p. 165) seems, indeed, to have entertained a diliTrent opinion; and to have thought, even ai between the parties, the recital was admissible as secondary evidence only, upon proof that the lease was lost. But in this opinion he is not supported by any modern authority; and it is very questionable if he has not been misled by confounding the different operations of recitals as evidence between strangers and between parties. It may not, however, be unimportant to examine a few of the authoiities in support of the doctrine on which we rely. The cases of Marchioness of Anandale vs. Harris, 2 P. Wins, 432, and Shelley vs. Wright, Willes's-Rep. 9, are sufficiently direct as to the operation of recitals by way of estoppel between the parties. In Ford vs. Gray, 1 Salk. 285, one of the points ruled was, "that a recital of a lease in a deed of release is good evidence of such lease against the releasor and those who claim under him ; but as to others it is not, without proving that there was such a deed, and it was lost .anddestroyed." The same case is reported in 6 Mod. 44, where it is said that it was ruled, "that
(a) See 1 Phillips on Evid. ch'. 8, sec. 2, p. 411. 1 Stark. Evid. part 2, sec. 123, page 301, sec. 156, page 369. Com. Dig. Estoppel B. C. Evidence B. 5. Matthews on Presurnpt. 195, 196, 197, 198, 199, 200, 201, 202, 203, 204, 205, 206, 269. Co. Litt. 352. Mayor, &c. of Carl;sle rs. Blamire, 8 East's Rep.' 487.

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dew. Astor et aL]
the recital of a lease in a deed of release is good evidence against the releasor, and those that claim under him." It-is then stated that "a fine was produced, but no deed declaring the uses, but a deed wvas offered in evidence, which did recite a deed of limitation of the uses, and the question was vhether that (recital) was evidence : and the court said that the bare recital was not evidence ; but that if it could be proved that such a deed had been, and lost, it would do, if 'it were recited in another." This was doubtless the same point asserted in the latter clause of the report in Salkeld; and, thus explained, it is perfectly consistent with the statement in Salkeld, and must be referred to a case where the recital was offered as evidence against a stranger. In any other point of view, it would be inconsistent with the preceding propositions, as well as with the cases in 2 P. Williams aiid Willes. In Trevivan vs. Lawrence, I Salk. 276, the court held that the parties- and all claiming under. them were estopped from asserting that a judgment sued against the party as of trinity term, was not of that term, but of another term; that very point having aiisen and beefi
decided against the party upon a scire facias on the judg-
ment. But the court there held, (what is very material to the present purpose) that "if a man makes a lease by indenture of D. in which he hath nothing, and afterwards purchases D. in fee, and afterwards bargains and sells it to A. and his heirs, A. shrill be bound by this estoppel ; and, that where an estoppel works on the interest of the lands, i.t runs with the land into whose hands soever the larids comes ; and an ejectment is maintainable upon the mere estoppel." This decision is important in several respects. In the first place it shows that an estoppel may arise by implication from a grant, that the party hath an estate in the land, which he may convey, and he shall be (.stopped to deny it(a). In the next place it shows that such estoppel binds all persons claiming the same land, not only under the same deed, but 'under any subsequent conveyance from the same party; that
(a) See also Fairtitle vs. Gilbert, 2 T. Rep. 171. Helps eL al. vs. Hereford, 2 B. & Aid. 242. Rees vs. Lloyd, Wightwick's Rep. 123.

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
is to say, it binds not merely privies in blood,, but privies in estate, as subsequent grantees and aliene'es. In the next place it shows that an estoppel, which (as the phrase is) works on the interest of the land, runs. with- itinto 'whose ever hands theland comes. Now, this last consideration comes emphatically home to the present case. The recital of the lease in the present release, works on the interest in the land; the lease gave an interest in the land, and the admission of it in the release enabled the latter to operate in the manner which the parties intended. The estoppel, therefore, worked on the interest in the land,'not by implication merely, but directly.by the admission of the parties. That admission was a muniment of the title, and asan estoppel travelled with the title into whose ever. hands- it might afterwards come. The same doctrine is recognized by lord chief baron Comyn in his Digest, Estoppel B. & E. 10. In the latter place (E. 10) he puts the case more strongly ; for he assertsthat the estoppel binds, even though all the facts are found in a special verdict. " But," says he (and he relies on his own authority), "where an estoppel binds the estate, and converts it to an interest, the court will adjudge accord-' ingly. As if A. leaves lands to B. for six years, in which he has nothing, and then purchases a lease of the same land for twenty-one years, and afterwards leases to C. for ten years, and all this is found by verdict ; the court will adjudge the lease to B. good, tlough it be so only by conclusion. A doctrine similar in principle was asserted in this court in Terrett vs. Taylor, 9 Cranch, 52. The distinbtion then, which was urged at the bar, that an estoppel of this sortbinds those claiming- under the same deed, but not those claiming by a subsequent deed under the same party, is not well-fouded. All privies in estate by subsequent'deed are bound in the same minner as privies-in bloQd; and so indeed is the doctrine in Comyn's Digest, Estoppel B. and in Coke Litt. 352, a.
We may now pass to a short review of some of the American cases on -this subject.. Denro vs. Cornell, 3 Johng. Cas. 174, is strongly in point. There, lieutenant governor Colden, in 1775, made his will, and in it rdecited that he had

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et a].)
conveyed to his son David his lands in the township of Flushing, and he then devised his other estate to his sons and daughters, &c. &c. Afterwards, David's estate was confiscated under the act of attainder, and the defendant in ejectment clitimed under that confiscation, and deduced his title from the state. No deed of the Flushing estate (the land in controversy) was proved from the father; and the heir at law sought to recover on that ground. But the court held, that the recital in the will, that-the testator had conveyed the estate to David, was an estoppel of the heir to deny that fact, and bound the estate. In this case the estoppel was set up by the tenant claiming under the state, as an estoppel running with the land. If the state or its grantee might set up the estoppel, in favour of their title ; then, as
estoppels are reciprocal, and bind both parties, it might have been set up against the state or its grantee. It has been said at the bar, that the state is not bound by estoppel by any recital in a deed. That may be so, where the recital is in its own grants or patents, for they are deemed to be made upon suggestion of the grantee(a). But where the state claims title under the deed, or other solemn acts of third persons, it takes it cum onere, -and subject to all the estoppels running with the title and estate, in the same way as other privies in-estate.
In Penrose vs. Griffith, 4 Binn. Rep. 231, it was held that recitals in a patent of t~le commonwealth were evidence against it, but not against persons claiming by title paramount from the commonwealth. The court there said that the rule of law is, that a deed 'containing a recital of another deed, is evidence of the recited deed against the grantor, and all persons claiming by title derived from him, subsequently. The reason of thd rule is, that the recital amounts to the confession of thie party; and that confession. is evidence against himself, and those.who stand in his place. But such confession can be no evidence against 'strangers. The same doctrine was acted upon and confirmed by. the same court, in Garwood vs. Dennis, 4 Binn. Rep. 314. In
Ca) But see Comm. bs. Pejepscot Proprietors, 10 Mass. Rep. 155.

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al]
that case the court further held, that a recital in another deed was evidence against strangers, where the deed was ancient, and the possession was consistent with the deed. That case also had the peculiarity belonging to the present, that'the- possession was of a middle nature, that is, it might not have been held solely in consequence of the deed, for. the party had another title ; but there never was any possession against it. There, was a double title, and the question was, to which the possession might be attributable. The court thought that a suitable foundation of the original existence and loss of the recited deed being laid in the evidence, the recital in the deed was good corroborative evidence even against strangers. And other authorities certainly warrant this decision(a).
We think, then, that upon authority, the recital of the lease in the deed of release in the present case was conclusive evidence upon all persons claiming under the parties in ,privity of estate; as the present defendant in ejectment did claim: and, independently of authority, we should have arrived at the same' result upon principle; for the recital constitutes a part of the title, and establishes a possession under the lease necessary to give the release its intended operation. If works upon,the interest in the land, and creates an estoppel, which runs with the lan'd against all persons, in privity, under the releasors. It is as much a muniment of the title, as any covenant therein running with the land.
This view of the matter dispenses with the necessity of examining all the other exceptions as to the nature and sufficiency of the proof of the original existence and loss of the lease, and of the secondary evidence to supply its place.
The next question is, supposing the marriage settlement duly executed, what estate passed by it to Morris and his wife, and their children. The uses declared in the deed are'in
(a), See, in addition to the foregoing authorities, Buller's N. P. 254. Glib. Evid. 100, 101. Bean vs. Parker, 17 Mass. Rep. 591. Wilkinson vs. Scott, 17 Mass. Rep. 244. Inhab. Braintree vs. Inhab. Hingham, 17 Mass. Rep. 482. Kite's Heir vs.Shrader, a Litt. Rep. 447. 2 Thomas's Co. Litt. 582, note.

JANUARY TERM 1830.
lCarver vs. Sackson ex deifi. Astor et al.]
the following terms: "to and for the use and behoof of them, the said Joanna Philipse and Beverly Robins'n, (the releasees,) and their heirs, until the solemnization of the -saidintended marriage; and from and immediately after the solemnization of the said intdnded marriage, then to.the use and behoof of the said Mary Philipse and Roger Morris, and the survivor of them, for and during the term of their natural lives, without impeachment of waste ; and from and after the determination of that estate.' then to the use and behoof of such child or children as shall or may be procreated between them, and to his, her or their heirs and assigns forever. But in case the said Roger Morris and Mary Philipse shall have no child or children begotten between them, or that such child or children shall happen to die during the life time of the.said Roger and Mary, and the said Mary should survive the said Roger, without issue, then to the use and behoof of her thie said Mary Philipse, and her heirs and assigns forever. And in case the said Roger should survive the said Mar, Philipse, without any issue by her, or that such issue is then dead without leaving issue, then, after the decease.of the said Roger Morris, to the only use and behoof of such person or persons, and in such manner-and form, as the said Mary Philipse shall at any time during the said intended marriage, devise the same by her last will and testament," &c. &e. -There are' other clauses not material to be mentioned.
The marriage took effect; children were born, and indeed' all the children were born before the attainder in 1779. Mary Morris survived her husband, and died in 1825, leaving her. children, the lessors of the plaintiff, surviving her. The conveyance taking -effect by the statute of uses, upon a deed operating by way oftransmutation ofpossession; no difficulty arises in giving full effect; by way of springing or shifting or executory uses, to,all the limitations, in whatever manner they may be construed. The counsel for the original .defendant
contend, that the parents take a life estate; and that there is a re'nainder upon a'contingency, with a double aspect. Tha. the remainder to the children is upon the contingency of their surviving their parents; and in case of their non-
VoL. IV.-M

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
survivorship, there is an alternative remainder to the mother, which would take effect in lieu of the other. That, consequently, the remainder to the children was a contingent remainder 'during the life of their parents; and as such it was destroyed by the proceedings and sale under the act of attainder and banishment of 1779. The circuit court was of a different opinion; and held, that the remainder to the children was contingent until the birth oi a child, and then vested in such child, and opened to let in after born children; and that there being a vested remainder in the children at the time of the act of 1779, it stands unaffected by that act.
We are all of opinion that the opinion of the circuit court upon the construction of the settlement deed was correct. It is the naural interpretation of the words of the limitations, in the order in which they stand in the declaration of the uses. The estate -is declared to be to the parents during their natural lives, and then to the use and behoof of such child or children as may be procreated between them, and to his, her, and their .heirs and assigns for ever. If we stop here, there cannot be a possible doubt of the meaning of the provision. There is a clear remainder in fee to the children, which ceased to be contingent upon the birth of the first, and opened to let in the after born children(a). It is perfectly consistent with this limitation that the estate in fee might be defeasible, and determinable. upon a subsequent contingency; and upon the happening of such contingency, -might pass by way of shifting executory use, (as it might in case of a devise by way of executory devise,) to other persons in fee; thus mounting a fee upon a fee. The existence then of such executory limitation over,,hy way of use, would not change the nature of the preceding limitation, and make it contingent, afiy more than it would in the case of an executory devise. The contingency would attach, not to the preceding limitation, but to the executory use over.
Let us now consider what is the effect of the succeeding
(a) Sei'.Doe vs. Perryn, 3 T. R. 484. Doe vs. Martin, 7 T. R. 83. Brorn.field vs. Crowder, N. R. 313. Doe vs. Pfovoost, 4 Johns. Rep. 61.

JANUARY TERM 1830.
. [Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]:
clause in the settlement deed, and see ifit be capable, consistentli with the apparent intention of the parties, of opbrating as an alternative remainder under the double aspect of the contingency, as contended for by the origiual defendant. The clause is, "but in case. the said Roger Morris and Mary shall have no such child or children begotten between them, or thatsuch child.or children shall happen to die dring thelife time of the said Roger and Mary, and the said Mary should survive 'the said Roger, without' issue, then, &6." Now, it is important to observe that this clause does not' attach any contingency to the preceding limitation to the children, but merely states the contingency upon which the estate over is to depend. It does not. state'that the children .shall not take, unless they survive the parents; but that the mother shall take in case she survives her husband, without issue. She then, and-not the children, is to.-take in case of the c6ntingenoy of her survivorship. It is applied to her,-and not to them. Besides, upon the construction contended for at the bar, ifall the children should die during.the life time of the parents, leaving any issue, such issue could not'take; and yet a primary intention was. to provide for the issue of the marriage. Nor in such a case could the mother take the.estate over; for that by the termis of the settlement could take effect only in case' she survived- her husband without issize. The subsequent clause demonstrates this still more' fully; for her power to dispose.of the estate by.will, in case her husband survives her, is confined to such survivorship, if "such issue is then dead without leaving issue."
Another difficulty in the construction contended for is, that' the.children must'survive both the parents, and that if they should survive the mother and not the father, in that event
they could not take,; yet the settlement plainly looks to the event of the death of the mother withoui issue,'as that alone in which the estate over is to have efTect. It is also the manifest intention of the settlement, that if there is any issueor the issue of anyissue, such issue shahl take the estat6; which can only be by construing the prior limitation in the manner in which it is construed by this court. The general rule of law, founded on public policy, is, that limitations of this

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
nature shall be construed to be vested, whein, and as soon as they may. The present limitation, in its terms, purpoits to bb Sontingent only until the birth of a child, and may then vest. So that whether we consult the language of the settlement, the order of its provisions, the apparent intention of the parties, orthe general rule of law, they all lead to the same results; that the estate to the children was contingent only until their birth;.and that when the act of.1779 passed, they being all then born, it was a vested remainder ir them and their heirs, and not liable to be defeated by any transfer or destruction of the life estate.
This view of the settlement deed renders it wholly unnecessary. to enier upon any minute consideration of the nature and operation of the attainder act of 1779; since it is clear that that act) whether it worked a transfer or destruction of the life estate of the parents ; and, in our opinion the former was its true operation; it did not displace the vested remainder of the children, but left it to take effect upon the regular determination of the life estate.
In respect to another point raised at the argument, that the power reserved to Roger Morris and his wife under the marriage settlement, to dispose of the land to the amount of three thousand pounds, so far as it remained unexecuted by them, was by the attainder act of 1779 transferred to the state, and might be executed by the state; *weare of opinion, that ityis not well fouqded... In the first place, we consider this to be a power, personal in the parents, and to be exercised in their discretion, and not in its own nature transferable.-, Even under -the statutes of treason in England, powets and conditions, personal to the parties, did not by an attainder pass to the crown. I Hale's Pl. Cr. 240, 242, 244, 245, 246. Jackson vs. Catlin, 2 Johns. Rep. 248. Sugden on Powers, 174, 176.. And it has been settled in New York, that the offence stated inothe act, was not, strictly speaking, treason, but,.sui generis as the-terms of t'he act stated it(a). ,In the next place, the act purports to vest in the state, by forfeiture, the "estates" only of the offenders; and being a
(a) Jackson vs. Catlin, 2 Johns. Rep. 248,

JANUARY TERM 1830.
ECarver'vs. Jackson ez den. Astor et al.]
penal act, it is to be construed strictly. A powei to drsposer of land in the seisin of a third person, is in no"just sense-an e8tate in the land itself. In the next place the deed of the commissioners authorised by the act, purports generally t6 convey all the estate, right, title,. and interest of the offenders in the property conveyed, and does not purport to be any execution of a limited nature and object. In every view, the'doctrine contended-for is untenable.
Passing over, for the present; some minor exceptions,.we may now advance to the consideration of the objections urged against the charge of the court; and these objections, so far as they have not been already disposed of by the questiQns growing out bf the-proofs applicable to the lease, are to the direction of the court upon the point, .whether there was or was not a due delivery of the marriage settlement deed. If that-deed was duly delivered, then no acts done after the marriage by the parents, however inconsistent with. that deed, could affect the legal validity .ofthe rights of the children, once acquired and vested in them under it. But the point pressed at the'trial was, whether it was ever exe-
cuted and delivered at all, so as to have become an operative conveyance ; or whether there was a mere pominal execution by the parties; and whether it was laid asicfe and abandoned as a ,conveyance before the marriage, and never became. complete by delivery. There was at the trial what the law deems sufficient prima facie evidence of the delivery of the deed. But certain omissions, as well as certain acts of the
parents were relied on to rebut this evidence, and to establish the conclusion, that there had been, in point'of fact, no such delivery. With the value of these acts and circumstances,.as matters of presumption for the consideration of the jury by way of rebutter of the prima facie evidence, this court has nothing to do; and does not intend to express any opinion thereon. But so far as they bore upon the fact of delivery, they applied with the same force in relation to the children as they did in relation to the parents; that is, so far as they were presumptive of the non-delivery of the deed, they furnished the same presqmption against the children that they would against-the parents. They were open to explanation and observation, and had just as much weight .in

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
the one case as -in the other. They were not acts or omissions which bound the children, supposing them to have any vested interest ; but circumstances of presumption to be weighed, as far as they went, to estftblish that no inter'est ever vested in them, by reason of the non-delivery of the deed of settlement. Whatever might be the inconsistency of these acts with the provisions of that deed, that inconsistency was no otherwise. important than as it might- furnish a presumption against the existence of the deed as an operative conveyance.
It is in reference to these considerations that the argument at the bar has insisted upon objections to the charge of the judge at the trial ; and in examining the charge on this head, difficulties have.occurred to th& court itself.
The circumstances principally relied upon were, the dormancy of the setilement deed from 1758 to 1779 ; the omission to record it until 1787; and the supposed inconqistency of certain deeds, executed by the parents between 1758 and 1773, with the title undei" that settlement.
In respect to the dormancy of the deed, the charge is as follows: "It has been said that this is a dormant deed, never intended by the parties to operate; that it had slept until after-the attainder, and until the year 1787. There is weight in this; or.rather there would be weight in it, if the -partiesin interest had slept on their rights. But who has slept . Morris and wife, Beverly Robinson and- Joanna Philipse, the trustees. They are the persons that have slept, and not the children. This does not justify so strong an inference against the children, as if they had slept upon their rights.. Isit fair in such a case to draw any inference against the children 1"
To two of the judges this appears to amount to a directiofi that in ppint of law. the 'dormancy of the deed during this period, not having been the act of- the children, does not furnish the same presumption of the non-delivery against -them as it would against,the parents ; and that, to give the presumption from this circumstance full effect, it ought to appeer that the children had slept on their rights ; that is, had acquiesced.in such dormancy of the title. To those

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et a].]
judges this direction seems erroneous, because the premumption is the same whether the children acquiesced or not. -
In respect of the non-recording of the deed, the charge proceeds to state. "It has also been urged that this deed was not recorded until 1787. Is there any thing in this fact that should operate against the children?! They, wereminors for the greater part of the time down to the year 17S7, when it was recorded, &c. &c;" It seems to the.same judges, that the same distinction, as to the effect of the presumption in the case of the parents and that of the children, pervades'this, as it does the former statement; --
As to the inconsistency relied on, the introductory part of the charge i5 as follows : "It is also said that Morris and his wife have done acts inconsistent with the deed. In weighing the force and effect of these acts, you must bear in mind the time when the interestvested in the childrenunder this deed; for after that interest vested, none but themselves could divest it," &c. It is certainly true, that after.the interest was once vested in the children, no act, however inconsistent with the deed, done by the 'parents could affect that interest But the point of view under which the argument was addressed to the court was, that such inconsistency .furnished ground for a presumption of a non-delivery of the deed; and in this point of view it seems to the same judges, tha't this part of the charge relies too much upon a distinction between the parents and children, as to the effect of the presumption. In another part of the charge, the judge very properly puts all -these acts of supposed. inconsistsncy upon the true groun&: what was the interest of the parties in these acts; and whether they were done in hostility to th- Aeed, supposing it inoperative, or as acts of parents acting beyond the deed for what they might deem beneficial to their children, and for the interest of all concerned in the estate.
To the other judges, however, these objections do not appear to be well founded, when taken in connection with the general scope .and object of the remarks of the judge in his charge upon this branch of the case. The purpose for which these omissions and acts of alleged inconsistency in Morris were oflbred, had been explicitly stated. The jury had been

SUPREME COURT.
tCarver vs. Jarckson ex dem. Astor et a!.]
told that they were relied upon to-rebut the evidence of dellvery -of the deed, which had been offered on the part of the plaintiff below. ' Before entering upon any comments on this evidence, and to prepare the minds of the jury for the due application of the renfarks, the judge observed, "what then is the evidence to bring' the fact of delivery into doubt. What is the reasonable presumption to be drawn from the facts proved! keeping in mind that this is evidence on the part of the defendant to disprove the presumption of law, from the facts proved, that the deed was duly delivered, The jury were therefore fully apprised of the bearing of these circumstances, and the purpose for which they were offered. And they could not but have understood that it was submitted'to them to judge of the weight to which they were entitled; otherwise the evidenc would have been excluded as inconsistent: .and the jury muse have understood, that they did weigh to some extent against the children; for when speaki*ng of the objection, that the dedd had lain dormant for a number of years, the 'jury were told, that this circumtance did, not justify so strong an inference against the children as if they had. slept upon their rights ; thereby admitting, that it was open to an inferenc.e against them, but not so strong as if they had been of age, and-the life estate of their parents ended; and they during that delay had been in a, situation to assert their rights. And should it be admitted that the judge erred in this suggestion, it would amount to no more than an intimation of his opinion upon the weight of evidence. The same remark- will apply to every part of the charge, when the rights of the children are spoken of in contradistinction to those of their parents. They refer to the delivery of the deed. Thus with respect to the delay in recording the deed; the judge puts the question to the jury. in this form. "Is there any thing in' the fact that it was not recorded, from which an inference can be drawn against the deed." Pointing the attention of the jury to the fact of delivery, and -not to any controlling'distinction between .the interest of the children and their parents, the bearing of the remarks of the judge with respect to the various deeds executed by Morris and his wife,

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carv.er vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
and which are alleged to have been inconsistent with the marriage settlement, could not have misled the jury. Iris true, they were told that in weighing the force and effect of those acts, they must bear in mind the time when the interest vested in the children under the deed. This remark must have been understood by the jury as subject to their finding witfi respect to the delivery of the-deed; and not as expressing an opinion that the interest of the children vested at the date of tbe deed. For, if that bud been understood as the bpinion. of the judge, the evidence, as before observed, would have been inadmissible, and the jury would have been told that it could have no bearing upon the case. Instead of-which, it had been before explained to tthem, that the object of this evidence was to disprove the delivery of the marriage settlement deed, and not to divest any interest, that had become vested in the children. And in the conclusion of 'his part of-the charge, the judge tells the Jury, "these are all the circumstances relied upon as being inconsistent with the settlement deed, and these are questions for you. I do not wish to interfere with your duties. It is for you to say whether the deed was duly executed and deli-
vered." The jury had been told, in a previous part of the charge,
that delivery of the deed. was essential in order to pass the title, and that this was a fact for them, to decide; and it was in conclusion left to them, in as broad a manner as could be done. The whole scope of the charge on this point, left the
evidence open for the full consideration of the jury, and the remarks of the judge-are no more than -a mere comment on the weight of evidence, and as such were addressed to the judgment of the jury, and not binding upon them. If a decided opinion had been expressed by the judge upon the .weight of the evidence, it is not pretended that it would be matter of error, to be corrected here. But the charge does not even go thus far; and it is believed by a majority of the court, that it is-not.justly exposed to the criticisms which have been applied to it.
In respect to that part of the charge which comments upon the various deeds made by the parents, which .were
VOL. IV.-N

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs.Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
relied upon as inconsistent with the settlement deed; no objection has occurred to any member of the court, except as to the comments on. the .deeds to Hill and M"rritt, and the life leases to other persons. In respec to the deeds to Hill and Merritt, one judge is of opinion -thatthe statement, "that these deeds are not inconsistent with the settlement deed," is incorrect in point of law, because those deeds con-
tained a covenant of seisin ; and under the settlement deed, although Morris and wife had a right to convey the land, they were not int'he actual seisin of it, and therefore such a covenant was iheonsistent with the settlement deed. But the other judgp are of opinion,. that this part of the charge is correct,_because Morris and wife had, fnder the settlement deedia powir to convey in fee lands to-.a much greater amount; that it was not necessary to recite in their deeds of sale their power to sell ; and that the covenant.-of seisin, being a usual muniment of title, .and not changing nthe slightest degree the perfection of the title actudilIy conveyed.; did not, in point of law, whether there was a seisin or not, create any repugnancy between these deeds 'and the settlement deed. If the parties had in those deeds recited the settlement deed alnd the power to convey, and had' then conveyed with the same covenants, the deeds could hot have been deemed, in point of law, inconsistent with the power under the settlement deed; but 'ould have been deemed 'a good execution of the power, and the covenants a mere additional security for the title. The same -judge is also of opinion, that the life leases which were given in evidence, not having been made in pursuance of the power in the marriagd settlement deed, are by their terms and effect so inconsistent with it, as to authorise the jury, to find agaiaist its delivery on this ground alone; and that the circuit court erred in charging the jury, that the effect and operation of these leases was not a subject for their inquiry, and that their bearing- on the cause depended on the intention of Morris.
To the other judges, however, the charge in this patticular. is deemed unexceptionable. The Judge decided that these life leases were unauthorised b the power -and -the

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dern. Astor et al.1
questiob was,'what influence they ought to have upon the point of non-delivery of the settlement deed;. they not deriving any validity or force under it. Were they acts of ownership over the property which could not be explained consistently with the existence of the settlement deed; ex. were thpy acts which, though unauthorised, might fairly be presumed to be done without any intention to disclaim the legal title under that deed.! In.estimating this presumption, it is to be considered that these were the acts of parents, and not of strangers. That it does not necessarily follow, because parents do- unauthorised acts in relation to the -estates of their children, they intend those acts as hostile or adverse to the rights of.their children. Parents may, from a sincere desire to promote the interest of their children, and to increase the value of their estates, make leases for the clearing and cultivation of their estates, which they know to be unauthorised by law, but which, at the same time, they feel an entire confidence will be confirmed by their children. The very relation in which parents stand to their children, excuses, if it does not justify such acts. It will be rare, indeed, if parents may not confidently trust that iheir acts, done bona fide for the benefit of their children, will, from affec-tion, from interest, from filial reverence, or from a respect to public opinion, be confirmed by them. The acts of parents therefore, exceeding their legal authority, admit of a very different interpretation from thoe of mere strangers. The question in all such cases is, what were the intentions and objects of the parents'. Did they act upon rights which they deemed exclusively vested in themselves q or did they act with a referer'ie to the"known interests vested in their children!. It appears to the majority of the judges, that the circumstance of the life leases was properly put to the jury .as a question of intention ; and that the jury were left at full liberty to deduce the proper conclusion from it.
The next point is, as to the improvenents claimed by the tenant in ejectment under the act of New. York of the 1st of May 1786. That act delares,." that in all cases of pu*rchases made of'any fo'rfeited esrates in pursuance of any of the laws diiecing the sale.of forfeited estates, in which any

SUPREME COURT.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.]
purchaser of such estates shall be evicted by due course of
law, in the manner mentioned, &c. &c. such purchaser shall have like remedy for obtaining a compensation for the value
of the improvements by him or her made on' such estate, so by him or her purchased, and from which he or she shall be so evicted, as is directed i7and by the first clause in the" act of the 12th of Afay 1784. The latter act declares that the person or persons having obtained judgment,- shall not have any writ of possession, nor obtain possession of such lands, &c. until he, she or they shall have paid to the person or persons possessing title thereto, derived from or under the people of the state, the value of all improvements made thereon after the passing of the act. Neither the act of 1784 nor of 1786, purports to give a universal remedy for improvements in cases of eviction by title paramount; but is confined to cases of confiscated estates, where the title comes by sale from the state. However operative it may be as to citizens of the state, (on which it is unnecessary to give any opinion), .the question before us 'is, whether such improvements can be claimed in this case consistently with
the treaty, of peace of 1783. By the fifth article of that treaty, it is agreed, "that all-
persons who have any interest in confiscated lands, either by debts, marriage settlements, or otherwise, shall meet with no lawful impediment in the prosecution of their just rights." By the sixth article it is agreed, that, "there shall be no future confiscations made, nor any prosecutions commenced against any persbn or persons for -or by reason of the part which he or they may have taken in the war; and that no person shall on that account suffer any future loss or damage, either in his person, liberty, or property." We think, that the true effect of these provisions is to guaranty to the party all the rights and interests which he then had in confiscated and other lands, in the full force and vigour which they then possessed. He was to meet with no impediment to the assertion of his just rights; and no future confiscations were to be made of his interest in any land. His just rights were at that time to have the estate, whenever it should fall into possession, free of all incumbrances or

JANUARY TERM 1880.
[Carver vs. Jackson ex dem. Astor et al.1
liens for improvements created by the tenants for life, or by purchasers under the state. To deny him possession, or a writ of possession, until he should pay for all such improvements, was an impediment'to his just rights, and a confiscation, pro tanto, of his estate in the lands. The argument at the bar supposes that there is a natural equity to receive payment for all improvements made upon land. In certain cases there mdiy be an equitable claim; but.that in all cases a party is bound by natural justice to pay for improvements made against his will, or vithout his consent, is a proposition which we are not prepared to admit. We .adhere to the doctrine laid down on this subject. in Green vs. Biddle, 8 Wheat. 1.
We are of opinion that the claim for improvements in this case, is inconsistent with the treaty of peace, and ought to be rejected.
A number of objections, of a minor nature, are spread upon the record; such as exceptions to the admission of evidence to prove the common practice- to convey lands by way of lease and release, and the admission of the journals of the legislature; to the admission of the act of compromise between the state and John Jacob Astor; to the sufficiency of the title ofAstor under the deed of the children of Morris and wife, to extinguish their title, &c. &c. To all these,. we think it unnecessary to make any farther answer, than that they have not escaped the atterition of the court; and that the court perceive no valid objection to the ruling of ihe circuit court respecting them.
Upon the whole, it is the opinion of this court, that the judgment of the circuit court be, and the same is hereby affirmed with costs.

SUPREME COURT.
THE PRoVmENcE BANK, PLAixm~ns mnERROR v8. ALPnEus BLInGS AND TnoiAs C. PITTKAN.
In 1791 the legislature of Rhode Island granted a charter of incorporation to certain individuals who had associated for the purpose of banking.. They were incorporated by the fiame of the president, directors, and company of the Providence Bank, with the ordinary powers of such associations. In 1822 the legislature passed an act imposing a tax on every bank in the state, except the bank of the United States. The Providence Bank refused the payment of the tax, alleging-that the act which imposed it was repugnant to the constitution of the United Statis ; as it impaired the obligation of the contract created by the charter of incorporation. Held, that the act of the legislature of Rhode Island, imposing a tax, which, under the law, wa assessed on the Providence Bank, does not impair the obligation of the contract created by the charter granted to the bank.
It has been settled, that a contract entered into between a state and an individual, is as fully protected by the prohibitions contained in the tenth section, first article of the constitution, as a contract between two individuals ; and it is not denied that a charter incorporating a bank is a contract.
The power of taxing fnoneyed borporations has been .frequently exercised, and has never before, so far as is known, been resisted. its novelty, however, furnishes no conclusive argument against it.
That the taxing power is of vital importance!; that it is essential to the existence, of government; are truths which it cannot be necessary to reaffirm. They are acknowledged and asserted by all. It would seem that the relinquishment of such a power is neverto be assumed. We will not say that a state may not relinquish it; that a consideration sufficiently valuable.to induce a partial release of it may not exist: but as the whole community is interested in retaining it undiminished, that community has a right to insist that its abandonment ought not to be presumed in a case in which the deliberate purpose of the state to abandon it does not appear.
The great object of an.incorporation is to bestow the characterand properties of individuality on a collcctcd and changing body of men. Any privileges which may exempt it from the burthens common to individuals, do not flow iecessatily from the charter, but must be expressed in it, or they do not exist.
The power of legislation, and consequently of taxation, operates on all the persons and property belonging to the body politic. This is an original principle, which has its ioundation in societj itself. It is granted by all, for the benefit of all. It resides in government as a part of itself; and need not be reserved where property of any description, or the right to use it in any manner, is granted to individualI or corporate bodies.
huwever absolute the right of an individual may be, it is still in the nature of that right that it must bear a portion of the public burthens, and that portion must be determined by the legislature. This'vital power may be abused; but the constitution of the United States was not intended to furnish the cotrec-

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
tion of every abuse of power which may be committed to the state governments. The intrinsic wisdom and justice of the representative body, and its relations with its constituents, furnish the only security where thereis no express contract, against unjust and excessive taxation, as well as against unwise legislation generally.
THIS was a writ of error 'o the supreme judicial court of the state of Rhode Island ; and the question which was presented for the consideration of the court, was the constitutionality of an act passed by the legislature of the state of Rhode Island, in January 1822, entitled" an act'imposing a duty upon licensed persons and others, and bodies corporate within this state ;" alleged to be a violation of the contract contained in the charter of the bank. Under the provisions of tfiis act, and in conformity with them, a tax was imposed on the Providence Bank'; and the bank having refused payment thereof, a seizure was made for.the amount of the tax in the banking house, by Alpheus Billings, the sheriff of the county of Providence, and by Mr Pittman, the general treasurer of the state of Rhode Island. The bank 'instituted an action of trespass for this taking against the sheriff and the treasurer, in the court of common pleas of tile county of Providence; to which action the defendants pleaded in their defence the ,act imposing the tax, and the amendments thereto; and that in pursuance of the provisions of the same a warrant. Was issued, and the proceedings which were the subject of the action were "done.
To this plea the bank filed a general and a special demurrer. Among the causes of demurrer, the repugnancy of the acts of the general assembly imposing the tax to the constitution of the United States, inasmuch as they violate the contract set forth in the declaration, the act incorporating the bank, and, inasmuch as they authorise private property to be taken for public purpose, without providing any compensation; are distinctly stated.
A judgment against them was submitted to by the bank in the court of common pleas; and they appealed to the supreme judicial court, where the judgment of the inferior court was confirmed by submission on the paft of the bank;

516

SUPREME COURT.

[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
and they prosecuted this writ of error, under the twenty-fifth section of the judiciary act of 1789.
The Providence Bank was chartered by the legislature of Rhode Island in October 1791. The preamble of the act
states,
" Whereas, the president and directors of a bank establish-
ed at Providence, on the 3d of October last,.have petitioned this ge*neral assembly for an act 'to incorporate the stockholders in said bank, and wherea5, well regulated banks have proved very beneficial in several of the United States, as well as in Europe: therefore be it enacted by the general assembly, and by the authority thereof it is hereby enacted; that the stockholders in said bank, their successors and assigns, shall be, and are hereby-created, and made a corporation and body politic, by the name and style .ofthe president, directors and company of the Providence Bank, and by that name shall be, and are hereby made able and capable in law, to have, purchase, receive, possess, en.oy, and retain to
them and their successors, rents, tenements, hereditaiments, goods, chattels and effects of what kind or nature soever, and the same to sell, grant, devise, alien or dispose of, to sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, answer and be ,answered, defend and be defended, in courts of record, or any other place whatsoever; and also to make, have and use a common seal, and the same to break, alter and renew at their pleasure, and also to ordain, establish and put in exe-
cution such by-laws, ordinances and regulations, as shall seem necessary and convenient for the government of the said corporation, not being contrary to law, or the constitution of -aid bank, and generally to do and execute ill and singular acts, matters and things, which to them it shall or
may appertain to do.
"And whereas, the stockholders, on the said 3d day of October, formed and adopted a constitution for said bank, in
the words following, viz. "Taught by the experience of Europe and America, that
well regulated banks are highly useful to society, by promoting punctuality in the performance of contracts, increas-
ing the medium of trade, facilitating the payment of taxes,

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pitiman.]
preventing the exportation of specie, furnishing for ita safe deposit, and by discounts rendering'easy and expeditious the anticipations of funds.on lawful interest, advancing at the same time the interest of the proprietors; we, the -subscribers, desirous of promoting such an institut-6n, do hereby engage to take the humber of shares set- against our names respectively, in a bank to be established in Providence, in the state of Rhode Island, on the following plan, &c.
The plan, of the association is set fortlT in the act, and is .made a part of the charter. It provides for'the opening of subscriptions for the stock of the bank, to conigist of six hundred and twenty-five shares, of four hundred dollars'each, making a capital of two hundred and fifty thousand dollars; aid for the organization of the bank. The act gives to the "corpdration the usual pow6rs necessary to carry into effect the objects of its -formation, and makes provisions for the transaction of the business of the. company. Amendments to this act were afterwards passed Oy the legislature.
The case was argued by-Mr Whipple, for the plaintiffs in error; and by Mr Hazzard and"Mr Jones, for the defendants.
Mr Whipple, for the plaintiff in error, said; as this case invIlves constitutionalprinciples of great delicacy and importance, it may not be useless to advert to.the principles establish I by this court.
At no pbriod in the political or civil history of. England or of this country, has it beer admitted that the legislature possessed unlimited or absolute power. Under the British " government, the rights of private property were respected, long antecedent to emigration to this country; although violence to the political rights of the subjects of the crown are fiequently recorded in history. The immunities of private property, and'the inviolability of vested rights,. have been asserted by political and legal writers, and established by judicial decisions , for three centuries past.
Th assertion of .a limit to legislative authority was constant during the colonial existence of this country; and the principle was afterwards inserted in the bills of rights, and in the constitutions of states. At a very early period af-

SUPREME COURT.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
ter the establishment of the government of the United States, it became necessary to give.to these received opinions the sanction of judicial authority ; and this was done by this court in 1798, inthe case of Calden vs. Ball, 3 Dall. Rep. 186. 1 Condensed Rep. 172. 'The principles of that case,.so far as they declare the obligation of a contract to be superior to the power of the legislature, were re-asserted in Fletcher vs. Peck, 6 Cranch's Rep. 88. Again these princliles were maintained in the cases of the State of New Jersey vs. Wilson, 7 Cranch, 104. Terrett vs. Taylor, 9 Cranch, 43. The Town of Pawlet vs. Clarle et al. 9 Cranch, 202. Sturges vs. Crowninshield, 4 Wheat. 122. M'Culloch vs. Maryland, 4 Wheat. 316. The Dartmouth College vs. Woodward, 4 Wheat. 518. Weston vs. The City Council of Charleston, 2 Peters, 450.
The cases which have the strongest bearing, and which are thought to decide the present case, are Fletcher vs. Peck, M'Culloch's case, the Dartmouth College case, and the casq of the City Council of Charleston. Fletcher vs. Peck establishes the principle that a state cannot invalidate its own grant ; that in making a grant, it acts as a party, and is bound as a party. "Every grant (say the court) is, in its own'nature, an extinguishment of the right of the grantor and implies an obligation not to re-assert that right."
The Dartmouth College case puts an end to all discussion of the question, whether a charter is a contract, and whether the public benefit derived from them is not a sufficient consideration '. The language of'the court is so full and clear upon those points, that it is believed that no doubt will be entertained upon them.
Mr Whipple then went into a particular examination of the de. He said the bank was incorporated in 1791, with the -usual powers of a corporation. The motives of the legislature in granting the charter, which was the legal considera-tion of the grant, are declared in these terms.
"Taught by the experience of Europe and America, that -wel regulated banks are highly useful to society, by promoting punctuality in the performian of contracts, increasjig the medium of.trade, facilitating the payment-of taxes,

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
preventing the exportation of specie, furnishing for it a safe deposit, and by discounts rendering easy and expeditious the anticipations nf funds on lawful interest, advancing at the same time the interest of the proprietors," &c.
The first and seventh sections of the charter evidently contemplate the ownership- of property by the bank in its corporate capacity. The real estate and the pfofits of. the capital stock, previous to a dividend, may be donsidered as belonging to the bank. But the capital stock itself is as much the property of a stranger as of the bank There cannot well be-two entire owners to the same property. The stockholders have the property,- and the c~rporation the management of it. The corporation is not even the trustee: for it has not the legal estate, and no power to sell. It has merely the naked possession, with the perpetual legal right of using the funds for the benefit of the legal and equitable owners.
The stock was subscribed for at a very early period, and the bank went into successful operation. The capital was subsequently increased to five hundred thousand dollars. For many years past, the shares have sold from fifteen to twenty-five per cent. advance, owing, in part, to the belief that the charter ivas perpetual, and that the legislature had no power over it. No power to repeal or to modify, by subsequent law, was reserved; and none was believed to exist, until January. 1822.
Most of the present ownrs purchased their stock at an advance, a part of which will be lost to them, if the power recently claimed by the legislature has a legal and a constitutional existence. The chartdr of the Providence bank was the first that was granted by the legislature of Rhode Island. For several years it was the only bank in the state. Between'the date of its charter, however, and June 1822, several charters were granted, substantially liJe it* In June 1822, the time when the act imposing a tax on banks went into operation, the charter of the Mount Hope bank, in Warren, was granted.
The eighth section provides, " that this'act of incorporatiop be, and the same is hereby declared-to be, subject to all

520

SUPREME COURT.

[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
acts which may be passed by the, general assembly, in amendment- or repeal thereof, or in any way affecting the
same;" The potver of the legislature to.tak the banks hadbeen
previously denied; and the argument against that power Yras. delivered but a few days before the granting the charter..of the Mount Hope bank. All.thte charters since contain ,,
similar reservation. From the earliest period, down to tWe act.of.1822,taxes
in Rhode Island had been "uniform. '1'he-proporfion wifich', each.town was bound to contributa was settled by an act passed in 1747. By the act of 1747 the proportion which 'the town of Providence paid towards the expenses of the state was one-ninth. A new apportionment among the.
sevetal towns in the state was made. in 1796, by.,whi@h the town of Providence was required to pay one-fifth. .[n 1824 .-another apportionment: fixed nearly one-third upon that town. Only one tax, however, has ever been ordered under
that estimate. . The mode of collecting taxes .uudpr these.various laws produced great uniformity as -to individuals. The, treasurer of the state issuxed his wawant'to the treasurers of the seve-r ral towns, requiring them to collect froin the inhabitants each town's'proportion of the sum to be raised. .Ths,proportion of each town was assessed upon'individuals, according to the supposed value-of their real and personal estate.
This has been the usage from the earliest settlement of the state, with very slight variations, down-to the.act of 1822.' -With"the exception of one' tax of fifteen thousand dollars, ordered'by an act of May 1824, the whole expenses ofthe state have been. paid- under the act of .1822. The whole amount collected under the license act of 1822, from, its commencement to the end of the year 1827, is thirty-fiv% thousand nine hundred and twenty-one dollars twelve cents. Of that amount twenty-six" thousand three hundred and eighty dollars eighty-six cents was paid by the town of Provid'ence, and twelve thousand eight hundred and eighteen dollars by the banks. The largest proportion of the bank capital is in hat town, and the effect of the license act has

JANUARY TERM 1830.

521

[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
been to burthen it with more than two-thirds of the taxes of the state. The amount-paid under the act, in 1828 and 1829, by the tcwn of Providence, was three-fourths of the whole. The proportion has been increasing against the town from 1822 to the present time, as will- be seeniby an examihation of the accounts of the treasury. The -whole real estate, and all other property in the state, is exempted from taxation; and the paying partrbf the'business of government thrown principally upon one town.
The question for the consideration of the court is, whether such a tax, so far as regards the banks, whose charters were granted previous to 1822, and:-without any reservation .of authority over them, is a constitutional tax qi It will be kept in mind that the charters of all banks established since May, 1829 contain ample reservations of- power.
The charter of the Providence Bank was granted in November 1791 ; and until'1797 it was the only bank in the state. Its capital, at first, was fixed,at two hundred and fifty thousand dollars, but it was subsequently increased to five hundred thousand dollars. Although no bonus was paid to the state, yet the advantages; expected by the public, are fully stated in the charter, and constitute the consideration of the contract. The contract was, that the stockholders should be entitled to all the advantages of employing their money in banking business, through the agency of a corporation ; and the state to all the benefit of a "well regulated bank." These advantages were expected' by the parties, for they are expressly stated in the charter, and constitute reciprocal rights and obligations. "Whenever the business of .the corporation is so managed as to injure instead of benefiting.the 'public; whenever an undte amotint of bills is issued; specie payments refused, and the currency depreciated ; then is there a violation of the contract on the part of the stockholders, and the sovereign may interfere, for they contracted to maintain a "well regulated bank." The statd has a right to ;ee this object accomplished, and to pass all laws necessary for the purpose. The admission which we most freely make, of a power in the state, so to regulate the conduct of corporations as to attain the objects ot their for-
VOL,. IV.-3 Q

SUPREME COURT.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
mation may appear to conflict with a proposition, which we shall endeavor to sustain; which is this, that the state, by becoming a party to the contract, was as much bound to respect the rights of the other party, as if the state had been an individual. There is, however, in reality, no hostility between the admission and the proposition. All the legislative power which the state has a right to exert, is remedial
in its character, furnishing remedies for or against the corporations, and imposing penalties for violations of their contract. The same power might have been exercised over the Dartmouth college, and the same authority is constantly exercised in all the states, over corporations of their own creation. The proceedings of the legislatures of some of the states are of a mixed character, partly legislative and partly judicial. So far as they are legislative, they are clearly remedial; so far as they are judicial, they annex penalties for doing what, under a more regular system of jurisprudence, they would be adjudged to have forfeited their charter for doing.
In the examination of this case, it will be necessary to consider,
1. The contract, the rights which it confers on one party, and the obligations it imposes on the other.
2. The act of 1822, and the effect which that act has upon the right conferred by the contract.
3. The provision in the constitution of the United States, against impairing the obligation of contracts.
First, what was the contract! This general question involves an inquiry into the elements which usually constitute what the law terms a contract. The usual ingredients are : a consideration, parties, and a subjeci matter. What is called the obligation of a contract, is the duty which the law imposes upon a party not to disturb any of the legal rights conferred upon the other party. The extent of the rights of one party, therefore, is the measure of the obligation of the other.
In the first place, there was a full ana an ample consideration; not a consideration implied, but expregsly stated. The fisk of 4dvancing two hundred and fifty thousand dollars, in 1791, to be employed in banking business, was very

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittmaii.]
great. The constitution of the United States was not ratified in Rhode Island, we think, until the year 1790. Although at that period the people of that state had been "taught, by the experience of Europe and America, that well regulated banks were highly useful to society," yet they had not been taught that they Were very profitable to the stockholders. The times were still very feverish. The shopk occasioned by paper money had not entirely subsided. The effect of the constitution of the general government had not been ascertained. Money was very scarce, credit very low, and punctitality out of the question. Indeed, it is stated in the charter, that oneof the effects beneficial to the public, mexepnetsc.ted from the bank, was to promote punctuality in pay-
The wonderful activity given to trade a short time
after, by the war in Europe, was then unlooked for. Under these circumstances, it required all the influence of the leading men in the town of Providence,-to obtain money sufficient for so hazardous and doubtful an enterprise. So uncertain was the experiment, that a subscription could not be obtained, without providing in the charter a xemedy for the collection of debts due to the bank, which was withheld from all iffdividuals. This remedy consisted in the power of attaching the real and personal estate of the debtor, on mesne process. In practice, this amounted to a priority of payment. The state v~illingly granted this, in consideration of the value of the institution t6 the public, and the hazard to the stockholders. The same remedy has been granted to all banks since, in order that one may have no advantage over the other.
Notwithstanding these inducements, a period of six years elapsed before another bank went into operation. The first meeting of the stockholders of the bank of Rhode Island was at Newport, in January 1797. The consideration then was ample. The stockholders purchased the privilege of banking. They paid for it a high pride, and the case Will result in a question whether they are to pay for it agaiif.
The parties to the contract were the stockholders in their individual capacity, on one side ;-and the state in: its sovereign dharacter, on the other. It was not a.contract between

SUPREME .COURT.
IProvidence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
the state and the corporation; the corporation had no existence until the contract was completed. The corporation, instead of being a party, was the subject of the contract. It was the thinggranted, and not the person to whom the grant-was made. The other party was a.str.L', possessing various and extensive sovereign powers. In making this contrAct, it acted in its sovereign character; for it had no other character in which it could act. It meant to bind itself in its sovereign character; for there was no other character which it could bind. It was well known that the principal strength of sovereignty consisted in its power of making laws, and that the only effectual mode of, binding sovereigity was to restrain its law-making power; and that, to restrain its law-making power upon all subjects but one, and leave it, free upon that, was tantamount to no restraint at all. If, therefore,.the state was a party to a contract, it intended to bind'its law-making power. The law presumes that a party understands the legal effect of a contract, and thathe intends that legal effect. The leg~leffect of a contract isto bind the parties to all -its stipu!ations ; to bind them in ,the -capacity in which they contracted, and to bind them equally. It was intendedthen that both the parties should be,bound, aid that, consequently, neither should possess the power to liberate itself, without the consent of. the other. It therefore results from the fact that the chatter is a contract; that the state nieant to bind itself. in its sovereign capacity and to retrain -the exercise of all its law-making powers, so that it thould not be- able to resume the grant, -6r to render the subject of the grant of no value, or to make its value dependent on -its own will, instead of being dependent upon the terms of the rontact, and the law 'ofthe land:
But further : the fact of the state's 'having become a party to a contract, is not only;conclusi-e evidence that it intended to bind itself, and to -restrain all its law-making powers, but it is evidence of-the extent to which it'neant to impose tjiat restraint. The object of binding the. state at all, was to secure the irigkfs of the other party : consequently the degree of restraintarus be such as will afford that security.

JANUARY tERM 1830.
(Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
There is an absurdity-in saying -that the state meant to bind itself, in order to secure the rights of the other party, and saying, at the sarhe time, it intended a less degree of restraint than was sufficient for the purpose.
If the state intended to be bound at all, it intended to-b e bound to the same extent as though it had been an individual, and not a sovereign state. A contract, in its very nature, imports reciprocity of rights and obligations: One party is not to be bound to a greater extent than the other, unless it is so expressed, or unless it is implied from necessity.
Having briefly considered what was the consideration of the contract and who were the parties, a more important object presents itself, which is to ascertain its obligation. This can be done in no other way than by resorting to its subject matter.
Rights and obligations are correlative terms. The extent of the rights of one party is the exact measure of the obligation of the other: for, in the language* of this court, "every grant implies an.obligation not to re-assert the right granted."
1. There was granted to the stockholders, and to thei'r successors, a perpetual right to the powers and capacities of a corporation, denominated "the president, directors and company of the Providence Bank."
2. There was also granted a perpetual right to employ five hundred thousand dollars in banking business.
It would be absurd to say that the stockholders obtained an act of incorporation, for the sake of an act of incorporation ; that they obtained a grant of the right of doing banking business-for the -sake of banking business; but both were granted for the profit that might arise from them. Is it not ,fairly to be implied, that the amount of that profit should be all that could be made by banking business under the general laws of the land . The corporation, and the right to transact banking business, were granted as mere means: the end was the expected profit.
It must be agreed; that the charter was to be petpetual, and that the stockholders cannot be deprived of it. It must

SUPREME COURT.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
hbe agreed that the right to transact banking business was to be perpetual, and that the stockholders cannot be 4eprived of it. Must it not, then,be agreed, that the right to all the * profits was to be perpetual, and that the stockholders cannot b deprived of it! If the right.to the means' was intended to be legal rights, was not the. right to'the end to be of the same character . Can it be believed that perpetual means would be granted, to obtain a doubtful and uncertain end!. Thai the subordinate parts of the contract should-be held as rights, subject only to the law of the Tlnd; but that the main object should be possessed only as a legislative indulgence . The presumption of law is, that all the rights between the same parties, and.conferred by the same grant, are to be of the same character, subject to the same tenure, and to continue during the same time. Nothing but strong language to the contrary will create a difference. Thp act of incorporation is a legal right, subject to no partial or direct legislation. The right to banking. business is a legal right, subject to no partial or direct legislation. Why, then, is not a perpetual right to all. the profits a legal right, and 'subject to no partial legislation? Why should the control of the state over one of these rights be greater than over the other 1
We will now examine the act of 1822, with a view to ascertain whether it involves the power to destroy the rights .granted by the contract.
The very title of the act is significant. It is "an act, imposing a duty on licensed persons and others, and b odies corporate, within the state." It classes the banks with licensed persons. It considers them, not as exercising their legal rights under their contract, but as enjoying privileges by the license and permission of the state.
It enacts that there shall be, hereafter, annually paid by the .persons and bodies corporate within this state, herein named, the following sums, to wit:
"By each and every person licensed by the town councils of the several towns, the sum of two dollarsto be paid to the town councils before granting, the license; and by them to be paid over to the general treasurer.

JANUARY TERM 1830.

527

[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
" By each and every money broker, or money changei, and each and every vendor of foreign lottery tickets, the sum of one hundred dollars, to be paid to the town councils at the time of granting licenses to those persons.
"By each and every bank within this state, (except the bank of the United States,) the sum of fifty cents on each and every thousand dollars of the capital stock actually paid in."
It is too apparent to be denied that the legislatqre considered the charter of the banks as mere licenses. Even on .that ground, it would have been no more than equal justice to have required the fee when the license was granted, as is provided in relation to all the other licensed persons mentioned in the act. It is a requisition ; a duty. It lays no claim to the character of a tax. A tax implies proportion, 5 Rep. 53. It is a specific duty upon the privilege of the bank; upon the franchise granted and paid for. Its advocates do not deny that this is its character: on the contrary, they assert it, and justify it. They are driven to this by necessity, for there is no other character that can attach to it. -
No one p;etends that it is a tax upon the property of the banks. The act provides "that, hereafter; there shall be annually paid by the persons and bodies corporate, within this state, herein named, to and for the use of the state, the following, sums, to wit, by each and every bank one dollar twenty-five cents on each and every thoasand dollars of the capital stock actually paid in." The capital stock is referred to, in order to'equalize the duty among the banks themselves. The duty is not upon the capital stock, but upon the banks. In relation to each other, it is a duty in proportion to the capital stock. In relation to all other persons, it is a direct and arbitrary requisition, not based upon property, not controlled by any usage, and depending 'for its amount entirely upon the will and caprice of one of the-parties to the contract.
There are but three views that can be taken of this act. It is, first, either a tax upon the persons or polls of the corporations; which subjects it to the objection that it does not at the- same time tax the 'persons of other corporations or indi-

SUPREME COURT.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
viduals; or,second, it is a.tax upon the franchise of the bank, which was purchasecLby the stockholders; or, third, itis a tax upon .the capital stock.of the bank, which is a new species
of property, and one of the fruits of the contract. The intention ivas to tax the franchise; to consider the banks as licensed persons; and, in common with other licensed persons, to compel them to pay anannual stipend for the privileges they enjoy. -Suppose the Providence Bank had paid fifty thousand dollars for these privileges,, at the tifne of receiving their. charter, could it be compelled to pay for them again'! How does it alter the case,- that the payment was in benefits of another kind, which the -state-acknowledge to have received . Go farther: suppose this franchise to have been a free gift, can payment be subsequently demanded!
But whether the act of 1822 is ,. tax upon the privileges of the banks, or upon their property, or a duty or requisition upon them as licensed persons, will not essentially vary the qaestion; inasmuch as it must be conceded, on all hands, that it involves the power to destroy all their beneficial rights. This was one of the points expressly decided in M'Culloch's' case. If the state has jurisdiction-over the subject matter; if it.can select its own contract, or the privileges or property conferred by its own contract, and impose a specific duty upon them, and them alone; it can destroy those privileges, because it must necessarily be the sole judge of the amount. Although at present the expenses of the state are small, yet, in cases of war, internal commotions, or the happening of any other causes which would increase our expenditures, it will probably.be thought expedient and just that the banks should contribute the same proportion then as now. If it is deemed legal and honest to load them with one-third of all, the burthens of government now ; why will it not be legal and just then'? Nay, why not one h alf,'or three-quarters, or the whole 'If this court decide this tax to be constitutional, must it not decide that a requisition of one half of the income of the capital stock Will be constitutional' In whatever point of view, therefore, this at is considered, it involves the power, and, as we shall directly show, the legal power,

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
the legal right to destroy the contract to which the state is
a party. An examination of the constitution of the United States
will show that this is the necessary result. . The clause belonging to this subject is, "that no state shall pass any law impairing the obligation of contracts."," - "No state shall pass any law!" It intended to exclude all -laws having that effect. It made no exception in -favour of law's imposing taxes; but it intended, that the taxing power, like all other -powers, should be so exercised, as not to impair the obligation of contracts- What use would there have been in the prohibition, if it -had left the state free as to one of its powers!. Would not such freedom have destroyed the whole effect of the- provi.sion .
But further: no state shall pass any law "impairing the obligation .of contracts." . It does not confine itself to the direct and express, but extends to all the implied obligations. It also extends to all contracts ; those to which a state is a party, as well as the contracts of individuals.
"No state. shall pass any law impairing the obligation of contracts!" Does this prohibit the power of impairing contracts, or the exercise of that power!9 It must be remembered that this, and all the other prohibitions against th; states, are addressed not to natural persons, possessing physical powers, but to artificial persons, possessing legal p6wers. A prohibition not to steal leaves the natural person with the physical power of violating the injunction: but does it not destroy the legal power?4 The powers of the states are all legal powers. They have no physical or natural powers. A prohibition, therefore, against the exercise of a: legal power, is an annihilation of the power itself; and any law so dependent upon the existence of such a power, or so 6losely connected with it as to riender it practically impossible to.sustain the law, without submitting to the exercise of the power, must be an unconstitutional law.
Apply this principle to the-present case. The state has no power to impair its own contract. It cannot resume the charter: it cannot prohibit banking busine-qs : it cannot take all the income of the capital. It will be agreed that no such
Vot.. IV.-3 R

SUPREME 'COURT.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
power can be exercised.. How then can it exist . How can a legal power exist.which it is unlawful to use, or a legal right which cannot be exercised'q Physical powers may exist, the-action of which is prohibited: but legal powers exist.only in aciion. They are contemplated only with a view to their exercise. A legal power is a right to do cer.tain things. A power to destroy the rights of the banks is, therefore, equivalnt to the actual destruction of them; because a power-to destroy is a legal right to destroy. Considered in relation to its citizens, all the powers of sovereignty are legal rights.
We say, that if it is admitted that the charter is a contract, the whole controversy, is admitted; because every contract .necessarily excludes all power in either of the parties to destroy the rights 'Which vest under it. A tax. upon the franchise is a tax upon the contract itself. The law implies a right in the-states to tax the banks; that is, the property of the banks; but it does not imply a right.to destroy. The state of Rhode Island has contracted not to tax the Blackstone canal. The state of 'NewJersey contracted, in the case of New Jersey vs. Wilson, not to tax certain lands. The exemption of that canal and those lands is a privilege or franchise. Would a tax upon that privilege be valid'? Would it not violate the spirit of the contract? Would it not be mere evasion' The terms of the contract exempted the lands from taxation; but would not that contract have been rendered of no value, if, instead of taxing the lands, they had taxed the privilege or exemption conferred by that
contract We contend then that the power ih question is necessarily
excluded; because'it is inconsistent with the main and leading intention of the parties, which was to make a contract,
and to bind themselves by it. How can that be constitutional, which necessarily entails
consequences that are prohibited. by the constitutiop . How can a law which, beyond all human control, arms the legislature with .the legal right of doing what the constitution prohibits their doing; be constitutional 9 Nay, worse : 'Which puts them in the actual'possession of a power, the very ex-

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Providence Bank vs, Billings and Pittman.]
istence of which is-a violation of the contract. How can the legislature legislate themselves into the possession of a power, not only not granted, but expressly withheld by the people 9
But a law involving the power to destroy, is equivalent to a law which actually does destroy, for another reason. The constitution intended not only that a law which -actually impairs a contract should be void, but it also intended that this court should possess and -exercise the power of decla-ring it void.
The act of 1822, if admitted to be valid, will deprive thiscourt of*that power. If the subject. dnd the' mode of taxation are admitted to be constitutional, the .amount rests in the discretion .of the legislature. The'court must submit to any amount that may be imposed. Their power to protect the rights of the individual- is at, an end, 'the moment this law is declared to be valid. That power constitutes the remedy of the banks. This law takes from the banks all right to appeal to this court for relief, and all power in the court to extend that relief. Can this court surrender that power 9 Are not all its legal powers legal. duties ? --Is this court to '6bey the constitution, qnd retain -the power' of declaring void a law which the state may' pass, destroying the' banks; or to obey the act of 1822, which deprives them' of that power . Is it to rest with the legislature of Rhode Island to say whether an individual shall retain'a constitutional remedy, and this court a constitutional power . - Isit for the state, against whom this temedy and this power were provided, to legislate 'the other party out of them! *This remedy and this power are the constitutional barriers for the protection of private rights; and an attack upon the outposts is as undisguised war as upon the constitution itself.
An important question in the case remains yet to be considered. -Does not the contract of 1791 afford a necessary implication of an exemption from all modes of taxation which involve the power to destroy . That may be said to be implied, which, from a fair construction of all parts of an instrument, appears to have been the probable intention of

SUPREME COURT.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
the parties. That is necessarily implied, without. which the obvious and main intention of the parties would be defeated.
Implications bear ,the same relation to the express provisions of a contract, that circumstantial does to positive evidence. Perhaps nothing short of a necessary implication would create a total exemption from the taxing. power. A fair and ordinary implication would be sufficient to qualify that power, by confining it to the usual modes.
In the present case, we shall attempt to show thaf there is a necessary implication that the state should neither ex-
ercise nor p.bssess the power of destroying any of the rights conferred by the contract. We do not confine the proposition to one mode of destroying those rights ;but we mean to contend that all modes in which sovereign power can exert itself were necessarily excluded. The.taxing power is und6ubtedly of. vital importance, though not more so than many others. It is indispensable.to the support of government, and so are nearly all the powers which sovereignty
usually exercises.
The power to constitute property, or to give to men the dofninion over external objects.; -the power to transmit that dominion from hand to hand, by deeds, wills, -descent, and, the various other modes ; is surely as necessary a power as any other can be. The' one creates property ; the taxing power operates upon it after it is created. I The attempt to give to the taxing power an importance-
belonging to no other sovereign, power, is reviving the dis. pute of the relative importance of the stomach and the lungs
to animal life. -before any aid, however, can be derived from the. sup-
posed importance of the taxing power, it must be shown that this mode of exerting it is essential to the state. How can it be of vital importance to government to possess the power to tax the money of one man, without at the same time taxing the money of others,1How can'the existence of goiernment depend oil its power to destroy its contracts ? There is nothing, then, growing out of the peculiar importance of the power in question, which will rebut any pre-
sumption of an exemption from its exercise.

JANUARY TERM 1830.

533

[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
Is the justice or fairness of this proceeding so very urgent.1 Is the equity of imposing one-third of all'the expenses of'the state' on the banks of such a nature, as to induce us to believe that the parties probably had it in their minds? Suppose the stockholders of the Providence bank had been informed, in 1791, before they had advanced their money, that, instead of peculiar advantages, they were to be subjected to peculiar burthens: would they have accepted their charterq Suppose they had been informed that, instead of "thelong established usage of uniform taxes, sovereignty intended to call up one of .its dormant powers, and spend its whole force upon their money-and their money alone: would they have parted with the money ? Did they mean or expect to pay a new consideration, differing from the one specified in the charter, and which the state acknowledged to have received ? No very strong equity, therefore, and no pressing necessity, require the exercise. or the existence. of such a power. But, such a power is necessarily excluded, because it. is inconsistent with the main and leading intention of the parties; and, it'Is inconsistent with the legal ef-
fect of h grant..
There is another mode by which it may be shown that the law impairs the contract, and that is, by ascertaining its legal effect. While upon this point, it inay be expedient to notice an argument on the opposite side, which we have reason' to believe has had some effect, even on professional minds. It is this: Admitting that the charter' is a contract ; that it
binds the parties; that it confers legal rights on one party and imposes legal obligations on the other: yet, that those
legal rights are like the legal rights of all other persons, subject to the sovereignty of.the state, and consequently,
subject to taxation ; thati in fact, the only difference between legal rights conferred by one individual upbn another -individual, and by a state upon an individual, is a difference of parties ; that they are legal rights, when conveyed by an individual, and can be no more, when conveyed by' the state; that if specific taxation is not inconsistent with legal rights
conveyed.by an individnal, it is not inconsistent with legal

SUPREME COURT.
[ProvidenceL Bank vs. Billihgs and Pittman.]
rights conveyed by the 'state ; and that, if the contract is not violated in the one case, it is not violated in the other.
This popular argument must be answered, and satigfactorily answered, or the case is against us. One inoment's consideration of the legal effect of a grant will shoe/ the fallacy of this view of the-subject, which supposes that the legal right to an acre of land, or to any other property or privilege, is not only of the same nature, but of the same extent, when conveyed by an individual, as when conveyed by a sovereign; whereas, in all cases of unrestricted grants, the extent of the legal rights of the grantee depends, mainly, if not entirely, on the extent of the legal rights-of the grantor. An unrestricted grant passes to the grantee, or extinguishes all the grantor's interest in and power over the sibject which. are inconsistent with the right intended to be granted. "A grant," say this court, in Fletcher vs. Peck., "is, in its very nature, an extinguishment of all the rights of the grantor, and implies an obligation not to re-assert that right."
It is no matter who the granting party is, or what he is; no matter in what capacity he acts; no matter how limited or how extensive is his interest or his power: all his power and all his interest, so far as they do not consist with the rights granted, are either t ransferred or extinguished by the grant. If he is an individual, individual interest and individual power are tiansferred or extinguished. If a corporation, corporate interests and -corporate powers. And, if a sovereign, sovereign interests and sovereign powers.
The question then arises, whether it can' b6 shown that such a tax' is necessary 9 Can it even be shown to be just 9 What necessity, or what justice, can require the money of onc class of men to bear all the burthens of the state 9 Other governments exist without such odious measures., Even Rhode Island did not discover the necessity of resorting.to them, until 1822. How pressing must that necessity be, which it required two hundred years to discover!
The first case before this court was a direct tax upon the operations of the Bank of the.United States within the state of Maryland: and the second, a tax by the -City Council of Charleston upon the six and seven per cent stocks of the United States.

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
The same principle prevailed in. both cases. The first was a unanimous, the second a divided opinion; but divided upon the question whether the tax was an income or a spe-
cific tax. The leading principle established by M'Culloch's case, and confirmed by the case of the City Council, is this:
that the constitution of the United States, having conferred upon the general government certain enumerated and specific powers, conferred'all the eneans necessary to the execution of those powers: that the incorporation of a bank was a necessary and proper instru ment of fiscal oper.tions ; that the law establishing the bank being a law authorised by the constitution, was.supreme ; and that the unavoidable consequence of that supremacy was, that no state could pass any law conflicting with it; and, that as the aot of the state of Maryland imposing the tax involved the power oA destroying the bank, it was inconsistent with the supremacy of the law
establishing the bank. To suppose that the Bank of the United States was de-
clared by the court to be exempted from the action of state legislation, because it was the Bank of the United States, or because it was a means of power in the hands of the general government; would be taking but a narrow view of the prin.. ciple of M'Culloch's case. That a bank was a necessary and proper instrument of power, constituted but a subordinate part of the splendid argument employed on that memorable occasion. It was necessary to take a step much farther -in advance; to occupy mueh higher ground ; to show, that, being a necessary instrument of power, -the constitution intended to protect it from state legislation. Unless that ground had been occupied, there would have been an end to the bank. The whole case turned upon the intention of
the constitution.. The fact of its being an authorized means in the hands of
the general government was used as an argument to show that it.was intended to-be placed beyond the reach of the states. It was the protection afforded to these means, by the constitution; anl not the character or inherent virtue.of the means themselves, that called out the power and firmness of the court. Neither the bank nor the custom house, the

SUPREME COURT.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.'
navy or the army, could plead sufficient merit of their own; but it was because ihey'were sheltered behind the constitution, that state legislation could not reach.them.
Having established the proposition that the constitution had impliedly prohibited the states'from interfering with the machinery of the general government; the court proceeded to show that the act of .the state of Maryland involved the power of destroying what the states had no.power to destroy. Not that the act, of itself, actually did or would destroy, but that it involved the power of destroying. We, therefore, repeat the assertion, that it was not because the Bank of the United States was an instrument of government, but because it was.a prohibited subject, that the court declared the act of Maryland to be an unconstitutional act. The great principle, is this: because the constitution will not permit a stqte. to destroy; it will not permit a law involving the power to destroy. In order to show that the ease turned entirely on that point, let us suppose that the, court had arrived to the conclusion that the bank was an authorised instrument of goveroment; but that it was not the intention of the con-' stitution to prohibit the states from interfering with those instruments: would it not have been necessary to have decided that the Maryland act was constitutional 9 Of what importance was it that the bank was an authorized means of power, other than this, that it afforded a key to the meaning of the constitution If the bank'was a legitimate and proper instrument of power, then the. constitution intended toprotect it. If not, then no protection was intended. The question, whether it was a necessary and' proper.means, was auxiliary to the great question, whether the constitution intended to shelter it; and when'the court arrived to the conclusion. ihat such protection was intended, they interfered not in behalf of 'the bank, but in behalf of'the sanctuary to'which. ith,ad fled. They decided against the tax; because the subject had: been placed beyond the power of the states, by the consti'tution. They decided, not on account of the subject, but on account of the power that protected it; they decided that a prohibition against destruction was a prohibition against a law involving the power of destruction. The case of the

JANUARY TERM 1830.

537

[Providence Bank us. Billings and Pitt an.]
Providence Bank starts very far in advance of the Bank of the United States. It is not necessary to resort to implication to prove that the rights of the f6rmer are protected by the constitution. There is an express clause to that effect, and the court will not forget that it is the prohibition, and not the important or unimportant subject that stands behind it, that constitutes the shield against'hostile legislation.
"No state shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or confederation, grant letters of marque and reprisal, coin money,
emit bills of credit, make any thing but gold and silver coin a tender in-payment of debts, pass .any bill of attainder, ex post facto law, or law impairing the obligation of contracts."
"No state shall, without the consent of congress, ly any imposts, or duties on imports and exportsi lay any duty of tonnage, keep troops or ships of war in time of peace, enter into any agreement or compact with another state, or with a foreign power, or engage in war,. unless actually invaded, or in such imminent danger as will not admit of delay."
To the framers of the constitution, some of the subjects here prohibited probably appeared to be more important than others. They probably thought it more important to deprive the states of the power of forming alliances with foreign nations, than of emitting bills of credit. The exercise of the one power by the states would merely incommode the general government: the exercise of the other. endanger its very existence: Yet are ndt these subjects, judicially, of equal importance '.Equally important because equally prohibited. Are not all the prohibited subjects of equal importance, and have the states any more power to
violate one prohibition than another 9. It may be said that the Bank of the United States was es-
tablished by a law of the general government; and that it was the supremacy of the law which rendered all conflicting laws of the states inoperative. The supremacy of the law was a reason, and a Conclusive reason, to induce the court
to imply a prohibition. It was not the sujremacy of the law, but the implied .constitutional prohibition, which induced the court to protect the bank. The: rights conferred upon
the Bank of the United States. by its charter, are inviolable VOL. IV.-3 S

SUPREME COURT.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
and supreme, as regards all the states.- Are not the rights of the Providence Bank, and the law which conferred those rights, inviolable and supreme as regards Rhode Island!. Is not that law a contract; those rights the fruit of that contract! What constitutes the supremacy of a law in regard to the states, if it is not their total want of power to interfere with its regular operation, or to destroy -the rights which it confers!. Can the legislature of Rhode Island repeal the law incorporating the Providence Bank? Can they alter any of its essential provisions?. Is it not supreme, or, in homelier English, above their reach! The only difference between the.law*incorporatirig the Bank of the United States and the law incorporating the Providence Bank, as regards their character of supremacy, is, that the 'former, is supreme as regards all the states, the latter as regards Rhode Island only. The supremacy of both originates in-contract. The fundamental contract of the union, or the constituion, imparts.supremacy to the laws of the union, and binds. all the states. The contract with thd Providence Bank imparts supremacy-to all the rights which it confers, and binds one of the states. The sphere of action is more limited, and the parties less numerous in the one case than in the other, and that is the only substantial difference letween them.
To the legislature, say the cohrt, in Fletcher v. Peck, all legislative power belongs. But the question, whether the act of transferring the property of an individual to the public be in the nature of the legislative-power, is. well worthy of serious reflection. This language was used in relation to a law of Georgia, attempting to resume the subject of its own grants. Is it not equally "applicable to the case before the court? -The income of the capitals of the banks. is the subject of the grants in this case; land the subject of the* grant in that. If a state cannot resume. one subject- of its grant, can it another! If it cannot'resume it directly, ca'n it indirectly ? Is there any difference between a direct and a consequential interference with'e prohibited subject? The uniform language of this court is in the negative. The warmest advocate for state power will find it difficult to discover any principle from which it can be implied, that one

JANUARY TERM 180.

089

[Providence Bank vx.Billng&and-Pittman.] party to a contract reserves to himselfthe power of ddstroying all the'rights conferred by--the- contract..
In relatior to individual parties under the law, Ri '1i-fbe conceded that no such power can exist. -In relation to soveieign parties under the constitution, idnot the rule necessarily tile same!q Is not the dominion' of the constitution over.the states the same, as to its.nature and extent, as that of the law over individuals 9 If, in a contract, between individuals, no illegal power can be impl;' d, iraicontract with a sovereign can any uncoqstitufioiial- pdwer be. -implied 'By b~coming a party to a contract, a state imposes iuporl itself additional obligations and additional duties. To-sdppose that these dutieg and these- obligatio'ns' do' not qualify its rights, is tantamount, to .denying that' thejy are obligations and duties. To impose upon an -individual,-r a sovereign, an obligation, without an equivalent limitation' of' its legal a. oral power, is as impossible, as to produce an 'effect without a cause. 'What is an.obligation. but ii limiiation -of previous power? What is a duty-,butt.the tbaiidonment of some corresponding right 9
The proposition, that a stater hs the same poer. aver the rights conferred: by it6 owni contract- as over'all other legal. rights,' is a denial that any obligation is created by its cdntract; for, if it creates-aoy 'obligation, 'that obligation does notexist in relation to-the legal rights 'of.-thfso with whom the state has made no confract.' Th6 necessary-consequenie is, that a limitation of state authority, to -theextikt of this superadded obligation, must- be create. -and""a limitation Which'does not exist in-relation .to the legal rights of others.

Mr I-aziard, for the defendants. An act of the legislatur'e of Rhode Island, passed in 1191) incorporating the Providerice Bank, is' .said t6 -be*acontract between the legislature and that bankl:*nd it is cintended, that a'general lawpassed by the legisliture iithe year 1822, and the acts in amendment thereof, "imposing 'a duty upon .licensed persons and others, 'and upon bodies, corporate, within that state," are laws, imp airing-the obligation of that contract, and violating, the contituti6n of the United States. Whether th,. be so or not depends upon the question,

SUPREME COURT.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman,]
Whether there is any thing in the act incorporating the Providence Bank which exempts that bank from the taxing power of the state 9 Or whether the corporate character of the bank exempts its operations from the action of the state
authority !. If the general assembly, by the incorporating act of 1791,
or by the acts in addition thereto, did bind the state to exempt this corporation, ini perpetuity, from the taxing power of the state, the obligation must either be expressed in those acts, or must be clearly implied from the terms of them; or the exemption must be one of the. .necessary incidents or
immunities of a corporation. It appears, by the preamble to tife charter, that about a
year 'hfter this bank had been established, its president and directors petitioned the general assembly for an act of incorporation,. The prayer of the petition was granted, and an act passed in conformity'to it. The act contains a detail o' the-ordinary properties and capacities of a corporation; such as are alike incident to every corporation of 'whatever descriltion, and as would appertain to, and-be exercised by it, whether expressly granted or not. The act further approires of the private regulations adopted by the company.; itexempts the several st6ckholders from personal liability, beyond the amount of. their respective shares of stock. It gives to -the.company an exclusive, suminay, legal proces for the collection of debts du6-to them; and lastly, it makes provision for securing the bills of the bank from forgery. The three acts in "amendment make some improvement in the bank process, as it is called; empower the directors to fill yacancies, and provide that the shares of the stockholders shall be held pledged to the bank for -their debtfr due to it.
In these provisions (which are the whole contents of the bank charter) there is no express grant -of the exemption claimed, ' and I am hot able to find any thing in them, from which the most remote inference can be drawn, of an intention, on the-part of the legislature, to make such a grant. What was-granted, and intended to be granted, has no connexion with what is now claimed as part of-the grant. 'All

JANUARY TCERM 1830.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
that was done by the legislature, was to convert a banking co-partnersip into a body politic; and their having done this does not warrant the inference that they meant to make to that coripany a further donation either of money or immunities, oth than such as necessarily appertains to all corporate bodies. If there is any thing in that charter from which such an inference can fairly be drawn, it is to be shown by the plaintiffs.
Is then an exemption from the taxing power of the state a necessary incident of this corporation 9 If it is, it must be an incident of all corporations of every description; for so far as this exemption is the question, there is nothing to distinguish a banking corporation from any-other; but if a distinction was to be made, it would not be in faVour of banks, which, being moneyed, and money-making institu-  tjons, might be considered as the most appropriate objects'
of taxation. It is said by the writers on the subject of corporations,
that such capacities and qualities as are necessary to the creation and legal being of a corporation, and- such only, are incidents of the corporation. But it cannot be said that an exemption from taxes is necessary to the existence of a corporation, especially a moneyed corporation. .A corporation is as competent to pay duties imposed upon it as brokers, or retailers; or distillers, or auctioneers, or any other individuals or companies of any other trade, craft, or pro-
fession; and its being required to pay them is, in no way, inconsistent with its corporate existence, 'or its corporate character. Such duties have in fact been.. imposed upon them, (the banking companies,) by the government of tbe union; and' have been for many years, and still are imposed upon them by many of the states, and no difficulty has been experienced in the collection of them. It is moreover admitted, that when the power of taxing is expressly reserved
in the charters of banks, they may cousistently be taxed. If this be so, there is nothing in the power of taxing which is inconsistent with the existence of such corporations, or with the full enjoyment of their franchises. It is plaii, therefore, that an exemption from taxes is' not one of the

SUPREME COURT.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
necessary incidents or immunities of such a corporation.
This being the case, and it being equally plain (as has al-
'ready been shown) that the charter itself of the Providence
Bank contains no express or implied relinquishment, on the
part of the state, of the 'power of taxing; it seems to fol-
low,'that the acts of the legislature of Rhode Island, "imposing a d6ty upon, licensed persons and others, and upon
bodies corporate within that state," do not impair the obligation of any contract of the state with the, plaintiffs, nor violate the constitution of the United States.
One of the breaches of contract with which the legislature of Rhode Island is charged by plaintiffs, is thus stated by them : their charter, they say, grants, and secures to them for ever, "all the profits arising from. the empl6yment of their capital in banking business-." And this-grant, they cbntend,is impaired by the law of 1822, imposing a tax on the banks. The banks have, no doubt, a perfect right to all the profits to be- derived from the corporate franchises granted to them. But no better right, surely,.than other companies or individuals have -to all the profits of their business, or,to their .estates, real and personal, and all the rents and income of them. -.And, it has not yet been discovered that the exercise of the taxing power upon those subjects was inconsistent with the full enjoyment. of those
rights. The power to tax banks for their-corpoate property, and
totax the stockholders for- their stock, is not denied. .But it issaid that this is a tax .upon the franchise; a tax upon the thing granted. The law speaks for itself. It imposes a dutyupon the several banks; equal.to one-eighth of one per cent of the amount of the capital stocks of each actually paid in. If this i a duty on the franchises; why not ,' That those franchises are. property,' and valuable propetty, we know. Corporate franchises arethus',described by Mi Juslice Story, in the Dartmouth College case, 4 Wheat. 700. AThey are, properly speaking, legal- estates, vested in the e.rporation itself as soon as it is- in esse. They are not mere legal powers granted to the corporation, bdt powers c oupled with an interest. The property of the corporation

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
vests upon the possession of its franchises. Whatever may be thought of the corporators,.it cannot be denied that the corporation has a legal interest in them." He speaks of them elsewhere, in the same case, as "valuable hereditaments or property." .And says, "that a grant of them is not distinguishable, in point of principle, from a grant of any other property." And these remarksiwere made in reference even to eleemosynary corporations; and corporations for literary purposes; and apply much more forcibly to these trading or moneyed corporations..
The opening counsel. will recollect that on6 of these bank charters was sold in Rhode Island, a few years' ago, for cc large sum of money, by a cbmpany to whom it had been granted several years before, but who had made no use of it. The plaintiffs tell us themselves that their franchises are.valuable; and their stock sells for from fifteen to twenty-five per cent advance. And well may it be so. Their interest money is compounded every sixty days: and that too on loans of mere paper bills, which carry no interest. For, as the bills of the banks constitute the whole of the circulating medium; they gain, gratuitously, the interest on-so much of. their paper as is constantly absorbed in circulation :-the amount of which we know is immense.
It was the opinion of Mr Justice Blackstone, and the soundness of that opinion lias been fully tested by the experience of statesmen, that the revenues of -a state may be derived from d-uties and inposts on objects prudently selected, with much less expense and bu-rden to thb community, than from direct taxation. What part is it, of the revenues of the United States, that is.derived from the latter source q They have never resorted to direct taxation but on the most pressing occasions, nor until the collection from indirect taxes had proved inadequate to the exigencies of government. From the-year 1791 to 1798, and again from 1813 to 1815, laws were passed by congress laying duties on various commodities and trades. But the first diirect tax was not laid until 1798, and the second and last not until 1815. Among the objects then thought most appropriate for taxing, all incorporated banks, as well as private bankers,

544

SUPREME COURT.

[Providence Bank -s. Billings and Pittman.]
banking companies and money dealers, were selected for
duties,; and those duties were regularly and readily paid, without any complaint from- the banks of their bcing incompatible with their corporate existence, or their corpo-
rate rights. There is no weight in the objection that the duty does
not bear equally upon the whole community. It is not possible that taxes should be made to bear equally upon every member of the community, so as to draw from each one
precisely in proportion to his property. Nor, if this were practicable, would it be a wise or salu-
tary system of taxation. It is certainly wiser and better to draw revenue from surplus income, than from the immediate products of labour and industry; from commodities and trades which administer to the ph asures or the vices of men, from the luxuries and superfluities, than from the necessaries -f life. And thus the United States government began with duties on distilled spirits, on stills, on* vendors of wines and spirits, on various articles of luxury, and- on banks ;and, as long 'as possible, avoided direct taxes and duties. on the more necessary and iseful articles, such as household furniture, farming utensils, and fhe various neces-
sary articles of domestic manufacture. The true' question in this case is, whether the law com-
plained of is a law impairing the obligation of a contract in the sense those words bear in the constitution of the United States. The power of taxation is "an incident of sovereignty :" and the government in, whom it resides is alone competen.1, within its own jurisdiction, to judge and determine how, in what manner, and. upon what objects that power shall be exercised. "That the power of taxation is- one of vital importance," said the chief justice of this *court, in delivering the opinion of the court in M'Culloch's case, "that it is retained by. the states; that it is not abridged by-the grant of a similar power to the government of the union,, that it is to be concurrently exercised by the two governments ; are truths which have never been denied" 4 Wheat. 425. And-again, in the same case, "it 'is admitted that the power of taxing the people and their pro-

JANUARY TERM O830.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings. and Pittman.]
perty is essential to the very existence of government, and. may be legitimately exercised on the objects to which it is applicable, to the utmost extent to which the government may chose to carry it. The only security against the abuse of this power is found in the structure of the government itself. In imposing-a tax, the legislature acts upon its constituents. This is, ingenerali a sufficient security against erroneous and oppressive taxation." 4 Wheat. 428.
It is admitted that land, or other property, granted by the state, becomes liable to taxes in the hands of the grantees: and that there is no distinction, in point of principle, between a grant of corporate franchises, and a grant of land, or any other property, is conclusively shown by Mr Justice Story, in the Dartmouth College case. 4 Wheat. 684. But land, it is said, exists, and is taxable before the graint. It exists, to be sure; but that circumstance is of no importance: since, as property of the state, it is not taxed, nor is taxable, until granted, any more than ungranted franeHises are taxable. It may be said, that, as corporate franchises take their existence only from the grant of them, the legislature can annex to'the grant whatever conditions or exemptions they please. If this. were true, it would only show that the legislature has power to. grant an exemption from taxes in such cases as it may think .proper; not -that such exemption can be claimed when not granted. As these franchises, are, or may be valuable property ; the state has an interest in the grants of them, and in the exercise of the taxing and other legislative powers over them, when they are granted, do exist, and are prQperty; as much as it has in the case of any other grants of any other property.
The doctrine contended for by the plaintiffs umounts fully to this, that the powers of legislation must not' be exercised, nay, must be annihilated, because they are liable to be abused. True, they would have this doctrine applied only in their own case; but itw.ill hardly be conceded to them, though they so strenuously urge the claim, that they have a right to better security for "their franchises than the rest of the community have for their privileges. But.
VoL. IV.-3 T

. StUPREM COURT.
ti .vi nce Bankrs. BilUgsand Piftan.]
even if. we adopt the plaintiff's application of the doerine; whera Wiil it lead and land us.I The power to regulate th6 public, revenue; to fix the rate of itterpst; ,to. grant charters of incorpora'tion ; -and to raise 'revenu9 by taxation, are branclies and incidents of that portion. of- sovereigniy still retained. by the states : , and are nb-
sasftry- to the very gxistence of government. But, -accordingto the plaintiffs,. all these powers are restrainedand o.ontrolled iffnot surrendered, by the granting pf an ordinary act ofincorporati6 to a private trading company; for, if the 4eislature has power to regulate the currency, it may say -that bank bills shall not make part of. it;.it.May.saythat no bank billsshall. issue of.a denomination lower..'than. one thousand Uollars, or higher than ohe dollar. If it-can fiz the' ra~twof'interest, it may deprive the banks of their profits; if it can'create other bnnks at pleasure, it may fender those altedy granted of no value; if it can tax the sfiaresof stock .i, the bands of. stockholders, - iX.may effectually break. up the business.- They p.rTf6ss not, to carry their doctrine so far: they concede the exercise. of suchipowers-.to the -state; tIt, onfcessions made "tosave. a docfrine'from:its- own -ten-
denaies-to absurdity, do not alter the piindiple. The. doctrine itselfdoes go the whole-'length pointed out. The geri.eral legislative powers, specified do. involve in them .the power-of reduding the profits of the .banks, and of affecting their. 6perations and their charters, as fully as guch a power is-involved in the power of taxing.
The creation of a body politic is' an exercise of legislative-power; but-it does not imply the relinquishment of any 9ther. portion of legislative power. The only obligation which 'the government imposes upon itself is, not unjustly and arbitrarily .to defeat the grant contained-in the charter:
but, it has no more right to defeat any other legal grant, than it-has to defeat its own; and, no law which would, not inoair the obligation- of a contract between individualg,, .
wold imp'air it if the state was one of the contracting parties. It makes no difference that individuals cannot grant franchi.'es; for it is already clearly shown, that, in principle, there is no differencebetveen grants offranchises and grants

JANUARY TERM 1830.

547

[Providence1Bink vs. Bilfdings and Pittman.j
or"bther.property. It js:no't wholesome doctrine for private corporations to imbibe, that they are independent of the powor that creatbs them; and that they shall be protected in -setting it at defiance." Not only -are their franchises- and other property subject to the taxing power of states ;.but, so far as the pu'blic interest&, are affected hy the action of a corporation, so far those operations must be under thb contrbl of government, whose province and paramount duty it is to provide for the public welfare.. Thus, should the public godd require the suppression of a paper currency, certainly thd government would have a right to suppress it, although, in doing so, they'would desiroy the banks whose paper composes that currency. It will not do to say that a chartered military company.m'ay not be put down, or, that a chartered company engaged in supplying a city with water, or any such corporations, may-not he'suppressed, if the government shbuld see gobd cause for suppressing ihem :,and, in point of character, there is no difference between' those corporations. and banking corporations whose paper bills -constitute the public m~oney currency of the country. In the case of the Corporation of the Protestant Episcopal Church vs. The City ofNew York, decided by the supreme court of the state of New York, and reported in 7 Cowen, 584; and in a similar case, ofanother church congregation against that city, reported in 5 Cowen, 538, it was decided; that a bye-law of the city, forbidding the interment-of the dead in the cemeteries and grounds appertaining to the churches, was valid and constitutional, although "those-grounds had been granted by the city itselffor that express use, and the grants contained covenants for quiet enjoyment, and although certain private rights and pecuniary interests of individuals were cut off by that law: and It was decided 'in those cases, that the city corporation could not, by its agreement, abridge its legislative powers. In the case ofBrown vs. The Penobscot Bank, 8 Mass. 445, it was decided that a law, imposing a heavy-penalty upon banks which did not punctually redeem their bills, was valid; and in .Foster vs. The Essex Bank, 16 Mass. 128, a law was decided kto be valid, which, for the purpose of giving time for remedies against a bank prolonged itscorporat6 existence, against

SUPREME COURT.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
its wishes, for thg space of three years after its charter had expired.
There is another question, a most important one, which must always present itself in a case like the present. That question is, whether any legislature can, if it would, grant or surrender any portion of that power of which sovereignty itself'consists '. No one can entertain a doubt that the existing legislature must have full power to mdke alLsuch grants of public lands or other property ; and to enter into all such contracts, as this court declared to be binding and valid .in the cases of Fletcher vs. Peck, Terrett vs. Taylor, and other similar cases.. But such grants and contracts, it appears, are very different 'from an alienation, in perpetuity, of a portion of the taxing power of the state ; whichb, in another case, this court declared to be "an incident Of sovereignty," and "essential to the existence of government."
There are certain powers which are inherent in the people, and cannot be alienated, even by the people themselves, much less by their representatives, to whom those powers are entrusted for a time; not to be annihilated, but to be exercised by them, until other representatives shall be appointed in their places. The present generation of men may sell or bind themselves to servitude ; but they cannot sell or bind their posterity.
It is immaterial whether the legislature is restrained by a written constitution or not. The absolute iights of the constituents are not to be encroached upon, because they may not think it becessary to attempt to guard'them by such instruments, which, after alld but very indifferent ly answer the. pu; pose for which they are intended ; but on the contrary are too often made use of, by false and forced constructions, tojustify the assumption of powers which the people never rdeant to grant.
The power of self government' isr a power absolute and inherent in tho people. But that power cannot exist distinct from the power of taxation. If the legislature can exempt, for ever, all corporations from taxes; -they can exempt all mnerchants, all farmers, all mariufacturers, or all of any other classes of the community. And, in this way, they can cut

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Providence 'Dank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
off the sotiuces of future revenue; and can fasten and. entail for ever the whole burthen'of government upon any portion of the people they please.
In the argument, the sentiments frequently expressed by this court, and by-different members of it, on various occasions, seem to have been forgotten. "The question whether a law be void for its repugnance to. the constitution,"'said the chief justice of this court, in the case of Fletcher vs. Peck, "is at all times a question of great delicacy; which ought seldom, if ever, to be decided in the affirmative, in a doubtful case." "The opposition between the constitution and the law should be such, that the judge feels a clear and strong, conviction of their incompatibility with each other." And in the Dartmouth College case, 4 Wheat. 125, "on more than one occasion the court has .expressed the cautious circumspection with which it approaches the consideration of such questions : and has declared that in no doubtful case would it pronounce-a fegislative act to be contrary to the constitution." In Calder vs. Bull, 3 DalI. 386, it is said; by 'the late Mr Justice Chase, "if ever I exercise the jurisdiction, I will never decide any law to be void but in a very clear case." And by the late Mr Justice Iredell, in the same case: "the court will never resort to that authority, but in a clear and urgent case." - And in Cooper vs. Telfair, 4 Dall. 14, by the late. Mr Justice Patterson: " to authorise this court to pronounce any law to be void, it must be a! clear; unequivocal breach of the constitution; not a doubtful and argumentative implication."
Mr Jones in reply argued that, The term "contracts,"-used in the constitution, comprehends as weil those between two state's, or between a state and private individuals, as those between two or more private individuals, citizens or not citizens of the state, the validity-of whose law is drawn in question. It comprehends not only such as remain executory or in action, but all vested rights and interests in any species of property, corporeal or incorporeal ; and, am6ng these, the franchises and property of private corporations, whether cre-

SUPREME COURT.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
ated for any expressed consideration of definite value, or for any declared objects of public utility.; or purporting to be merely gratuitous, as between grantor and grantee; the implied benefits to the community being the only compensation supposed tobe given or received; even donations from the state, or individuals, to eleemosynary and ieligious institutions, or to others of public beneficence or utility, whether incorporate or unincorporate. I It matters not by what means,,or in what form the bontract is created, or the ights vested ; whether by charter or grant from the state, after it became sovereign and independent; or during its colonial'state, from the crown; or by a law in the ordinary form of legislative enactment: they are all equally protected by the constitutional prohibition.
This constitutional sanction rests not on the good faith supposed, by the comity of sovereigns, tainform the breasts of each other; nor upon the dread appeal to that ultima ratio, which is ordinarily the Only means of compulsory redress among themselves : but it acts, directly and practically upon state power and jurisdiction; and enables the. tribunals to set aside the obnoxious law, and to 'uphold and enforce, by judicial coercion, the rights.it attempts tQ iolate.
It inatters not what the kind or degree of force exerted by the law upon the contract, or the vested right; whether, it go directly and wholly to annul the, one, or to destroy the other ; or in any degree to impair or injure it; or to exert any authority over it, necessarily involving, and insepa-: rably inherent to an authority-'to annul, destroy or impair it: any compulsory change in the terms of the contract, or in the'essential condition of the vested right, whether positively injurious' or even positively beneficial, is within the same reason, and equally prohibited to the states.
The numerous decisions of this court,. by which these principles have been judicially established; hre too recent and familiar to require any particulal reference. Their authority precludes all judicial question, and dispenses with all proof of the axioms deduced -from them.
"Taxes (as' accurately classed by writers, on political
economy,) are either direct or indirect : direct, when ir-

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
mediately taken from income or caoital; indirect, when taken from them, by making the owners pay for liberty to use certain articles, or to exercise certain privileges."
When, therefore, the bank is made to pay for liberty to exercise the privilege of. employing a certain capital in the trade of banking, or of exerting any other of its -chartered faculties; doubtless an indirect taxation of the capital itself, in iirhat species of property soever consisting, results. But the converse of-the proposition :does not hold, that a direct tax, in the ordinary mode of taxation, upon the capital of individuals invested in bank stock, or upon the-product of the skill and labour bestowed in, the employment of that capital, or upon the lands, ships, merchandize, or other specific property held by the bank for the benefit of the individual stockholders; necessarily operates, directly or indirectly, any duty or burthen whatever, on the corporate franchise itself, or the liberty to exercise the privileges conferred by, the charter. The very material difference between-the-two'modes 6f taxation, as they espectively affect the substantial 'terms.of the charter, and the-Aessenitial condition of the rights vested by- it, will be presently con-Aidered. The simple-proposition, 'that it is a duty imhposed, specifically, on the corporate franchisei and the faculties and privileges with which the body corporate is endued by its charter,,- is what is now to. be proved.
'This is conceived 'to be clear from :the import of the law itself.
The tax is laid directly on the bank, in its corporate -capacity - and the stock, belonging t&individuals, isjnade the mere measure of the imposition on the aggregate body., Thisstock is not the property of the bddy taxed; but-is divided into distinct and separate shares, which belong to the several owners, as their separate, individual estate, and subject to theindependent disposal of each owner; as were the several capitals, represented by the stock, before they were subscribed to-the stock, and while they subsisted ifi the original form of ihoney. The capital paid in and represented by, the stock, is entrusted to the custody and husbandry of

SUPREME COURT.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittmatj
the corporation ; but, that artificial and transferable corn. modity, biought into life by the charter, endued with all its faculties by the charter, and denominated bank stock, is just as much'ihe separate property, and at the disposal of the respective owners, clear of all corporate control, as their several lands, chattels and choses in action. This quality of the stock is' just as distinctly guarantied to the stockholders individually, as is the corporate franchise, or-any of its faculties, i6 the aggregate body. There is nothin'g of the-social property or possession incident -to partnership. Then, the property of one person -is merely, adopted as an arbitrary measure b ihe quanitum of taxation on another. -There is nomore of indirect taxation upon the bank'stock held by individuals, and thus made the arbitrary measure of taxation, than upon the lands; ships, choses in action, or other property held by the aggregate body for the benefit of the several brooatora s, -but, not comprehended in the rule of adnieasurement' for determining the'mere-quantum of taxation. "Theindirect'effeot upon, all is precisely the Same. - -But this ihdirect- ofperati6n of the tax"does notgoi in the least dgree, to relieve'any 6n6 article of'tife property, hor any one of the proprietors affected by the ol.eration -from the general law'of taxation operating upon themb, in-common with their -feliow citizens. .'Under that geheral law, all the -property, of every'speciesj held by thb corporation, for the benefit ofthe.stockhlders, is rated,'qua propertyin the common process, of taxatioi; just the same as if'the franchise or chartered faciilties.bf the corporation hid not been. taxed- at all : so are the-money capitals, invesfed in and represented by the shares of bank stoel, and the products receited in the. form of-dividebds: all being still liable to -bh rated in the gene'al taxation upon capital and income, Withbuttheleast hllowance for ivhat is indirectly abstracted by,- the duty on the corporate body.- This duty; therefore, does:not.eveti-aff ct to be a: circuitous mode of more conveniently tixing-property; in any form of fixed oir of commercial dapitall ori of income. It is no part of any general systerh, eithek.iof a propertytax, or an income tax; but is solely and bxclusiyefy directed to

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
the chartered liberty or -privilege of a certain mode of artificial existence, and of exercising the peculiar faculties of that mode of existence. The tax is just as effective in terms and in obligation, whether the corporation, qua proprietor, own millions or nothing; whether the capital stock be at cent per cent advance, or the capital invested in it be uttbrly lost and sunk in the course of. trade; whether the income, in the form of dividends, be large or small, or nothing. * The amount of. capital stock paid in, is the unvarying standard of the duty on the bank; the actual state and condition of the bank, or of the stockholders as proprietors, enters not at all into the scheme of the duty. Then, how can the bare contingency, that it may be one of the incidents and corksequences of the scheme, indirectly, to burthen the property of the bank, or of the stockholdersi make this any the less a duty directed specificallyj nay exclusively, to the continued enjoyment of the corporate franchise, to which it attach-  es itself, independent of every consideration of property.
The original grant of this franchise to the bank is admitted, it is presumed, to be in the nature of a contract between the state and the corporation; within the meaning of the constitution; and, it is further presumed to'be admitted,. notwithstanding a good deal of amb'iguity on this point in, the opposite argument, that this contract, with all the peculiar rights and privileges vested under it, is of paramount obligation, and altogether irrevocable and indefeasible by any subsequent act of legislation. Admitted or denied, it cannot, at this day, be treated as a subject of controversy, unless this court should please to intimate a wish to review and reconsider the principles of former decisions. The obligation of the contract- if it means any thing, means that the corporation shall always enjoy- the franchise, with all the faculties, rights and privileges vested by the grant, upon the identical terms and conditions of that grant. The question then is a practical one. Does the law of.1822, against the consent of the grantee, -materially change the original terms of the grant, or the condition of the rights vested .by it . In either case, it equally impairs the obligation.of the contract, within the meaning*of the constitution.
VOL. IV.-.3 U

SUPREME' COURT..
TMrovidence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.)
One of the'most material terms of a contract or grant is the consideration. The grant of a franchise is either in some sort gratuitous, as if founded onthe implied coniideration of diffusive benefits to'the community, or on the 'expressed consideration of public utility;* or of some pecuniary or. other equivalent,, of definite value. In either case it is equally binding-and indefeasible, without the consent of both parties. If, being gratuitous, it be hurthened with a price.; or if, being for valuable consideration, the price be arbitrarily increased, who can, doubt 'that the terms of the contract are materially changed 9 And if this be done by the retrospective operati6n -of a Jlaw, 'arbitrarily imposing such new term~s, who can doubt that the obligation of the contract is injuriously impaired, if not destroyed .
The case of land pLrchased from the state being, liable to taxation, in common with 'the land of other individuals, is put'as an argument, in point, against us. No one ever imagined 'that a change inthe condition of the land, from public to private domain,.necessarily..annexed any pre-emi.nent privileges 'to it. So we-admit, without qualiiication, that all property held by the bank, by virtue of its charter, is taxable' in common with other property of the- like description. SP this court admitted was the condition of the property held by the Bank of the United States, though the bank itself, or 'its franchises and privileges were iot so. But suppose the legislature, by a retrospective law, instead of subjecting the land to the general law of taxation, tax the grant itself, the title to hold and enjoy jhe land, and exact from the grantee, over and above the original consideration, a new compensation for parting with the title of the public to an individual: or, what is the same thing, select his particular land from the mdss of other taxable landsj and besides the general tax contributed for it by the proprietor, in common with other proprietors of lands, exact an additional' tax on his, because his title or grant was derived from the state; so as, in effect, to tax the grant itself, or the right, before-granted, to hold and enjoy the land; this would be a' clear infringement of theL contract,, as being a'material and

JANUARY. TERM 1830.
[Proviaence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
injurious change in its terms : in effect, the exaction of an additional compensaton for the grant.
Next, we are to examine the state and condition of the right vested by the grant; and see if that is subjected by the law in question to any material change from the state and condition in which the grant Driginally placed it.'
This must be determined by the nature and extent of the esvested right, then and now. It is hot at this day to be disputed, that the grant imports a contract that the grantees shall absolutely and fully enjoy, the liberty to exercise all the privileges and faculties, either expressed in the-grant or incident to its nature, unrevoked' and undiminished; in short, that these privileges and faculties shall continue while the corporation endures, of the seime extent and of the specific quality as when originally conferred, without any hindrance, impediment or molestationon the part of the giantor. The implied covenants of thie grant are just as strong and obligatory as those cove-
nants of title in an ordinaiy bargain and, sale, that go to tie up the .hands of the bargainor himself, and of all claiming under him or acting by his authority.. For instance ; the covenants against incumbranies, &c. and for quiet enjoyment, without the let, molestation, hindrance, &c. of the bargainor, &c.. The granted liberties and franchises cannot be destroyed or taken away, in the whole or in part; cdnsdquently, they cannot be altered or diminished in kind or in degree; for he who has a discretion to alter or diminish, necessarily has a discretion to destroy, unless the limits. of his discretion be stipulated in the grant. It is not the mere quantum of the injury to the grantee, nor the degree in' which the terms and conditions of the contract are transgressed, that determines the rightfulness of the act. Once admit a discretionary power, in any degree, as resulting from the relation of the parties, and not from the limitations'of the contract, and it can be nothing but an unlimited discretion. The granted liberties and faculties cannot be afterwards clogged 'with any new conditions or incumbrances,
that may either stop or retard their action ; neither a molehill nora rmountain;can be raised in their path. This is the

556

SUPREME COURT.

[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
.irresistible and universdi conclusion of reason; and sanctioned, if it wanted sanction, by the reasoning and the decision of this court in .Green vs. Biddle, 8 Wheat. 84.
Then, is not the exaction of a tax, or, in other words of an ad'ditional compensation to the state, for the chartered liberty, as efficient an instrument, either for the destruction or the diminution of the liberty, as any that could be devised! What is there that could more effectually stop or retard. its chartered course q It depends entirely upon the weight of the burthen, whether the party, on whom it is imposed, sink under it, or be measurably impeded and re-: tarded. In mercantile language, it may occasion a partial loss of one per cent, or a total loss- of one hundred per cent; and, in principle, does it matter which . The questioxi is not, whethey the tax be exorbitant or oppressive. Of that no judicative tribunal can possibly be the' judge. If the discretion to tax at all rest with the -legislature, the disoretion-.is, in the nature of things, unlimited. It is impossible for any-ut the delegated depositaries of the power to tax, and their constituents to judge and determine what tax is reasonable or exorbitant. Wiat might be a light burthen to one bank might overwhelm another. Once determine that a discrbtionary power to impose the burthen in afiy degree exists, and the judicial power is for ever gone to control it in any degree.,
Then these postulates may be taken for granted, 1. That thle imposition of a new tax or burthen on the liberty, in any degree, measurably clogs and impedes, the practical exercise of that liberty, and so diminishes it. 2. That such tax or burthen is an instrument equally efficient to destroy as to diminish the liberty, according to the kind and-degree of force with, which the instrument is bsed. 3. That itrests. in the absolute discretion of the legislature to use it, either for the one purpose or the other,. if-at all. The conclusion is inevitable, tiat, if it may be used at all, the exercise of the liberty, in any'degree, and its very existnce,.rest upon sovereign discretion, not on the faith of a .contract. This amounts either to a negation of.the postulate with which we set out, that the grant of. the liberty is

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
in the nature of a contract; or to an exclusion of all contracts from the-sanction and protection of the constitution: or to an exception of this particular contract from the condition of contracts in general.
The ground or reason of such exception is not stated, and is altogether beyond comprehension.
Then, if the law of 1822 be borne out in the imposition of this new burthen on the liberty to exercise the privileges of the franchise, the change effected in the state or condition of the franchise, as it stood under the 'original law of the contract, and as it stands under the subsequent modification of that law, is this: originally, the contract under which it was held was consummate and executed; now, one, at least, of its most material terms, the consideration, is executory and contingent, and, what is worse, discretionary with the other party : originally, the exercise of the franchise, within-its chartered limits, was absolutely free and unrestrained; now, burthened with new impositions, and liable to be further burthened, ad infinitum : originally, the liberty and right so to exercise the privileges and faculties of the franchise, were absolute, unconditional, and indefeasible; now, at the sovereign will and pleasure of the legislature.
The franchise is not like the proper subjects of political power intrusted to legislative discretion at all; but, to the positive" sanction of public faith, tied down by the inviolable obligation of contract. Indeed, an abuse of. legislative power, in. oppressing the great mass of the community by exorbitant taxation, far less in confiscating all its property, is scarce an admissible supposition. The mass of the community holds, in its own hands, the remedy against its own
oppression, and the abuses of its rulers: but the great con"servative principle of political responsibility may act very feebly, or'not at all, in protecting and enforcing the particular rights and obligations of contracts against violation by -the government. It is, therefore, that political rights, and the vested rights of contract and property, are placed on different bases, and protected by different sanctions. The administration of any political power must, in the nature of things, be more or less discretionary; and can give no guarantee against abuse, but the responsibility inseparable from

SUPREME COURT.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittian.]
delegated power: the -rights and obligations of contracts, o-i the other hand, are -no subjectsof political trust or discretion at all; but just as positive and coercive upon the party that*happens to be a sovereign state, as upon an in-
dividual. An objection somewhat novel is -started, which goes to.
limit and restrict, instead of enlarging, state power, by denying its competency to make such a contract as we say it has made in this case. The state cannot, it seems, alienate or part with its sovereign power, in whole bt in part. Taxation is an incidefit of its. highest sovereign power, and cannot be aliened by contract; therefore, a contract to exempt .any particular person or -species of property from
taxation is void. To say nothing of the evident inconsequence of the con-
clusion from the premises, and of the inaccuracy of holding. that the constitutional incompetency of a state to lay new
exactions upon its own contracts, and upon the mere abstract rights, of contract, created by the st'ate 'itself, is the same thing as a substantive stipulation to exempt property, in its nature an appropriate and legitimate subject of taxation ; we may wonder why the axe Was not applied to the root of the bank charter. For, surely, the principle of the objection goes that length: since the franchise itself is car'ed out of the eminent domain, or transcendental propriety of the state; and is a portion of it; aliened and bestowed upon every corporation; and no small portion of it is parted with, when runicipal corporations are created.
But it should not have qscaped the learned counsel that the state. legislature of New Jersey was held bound by a contract of its predecessor, the colonial legislature, diiesting itself of a portion of this very incident of high sovereignty, taxation, as it applied to certain lands belonging to citizens of the state,-and constituting as appropriate a subject of taxation in general, as can be imagined. This, not as he supposes, because of any peculiar dignity or sanctity attached to a treaty half a century before, between the former colony and the poor remnant of a broken tribe of Indians; but, upon the ground of contract simply: which, indeed, is the onl'intell.igible ground for the obligition of treaties,

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
upon the parties to them. It miglit also have been-ecollected, that the legislature of New Jersey, in the instance just stated, and of Georgia, in the case of the Yazoo lands, were held to have conclusively renounced by contract, and by its implied, not its express stipulations, the exercise of one of the highest and most indispensable prerogatives of legislation; that of repealing its own laws.
Mr Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the_.opinion of the Court. --
This is a writ of error to a judgment rendered in the highest court for the state of Rhode Island,in anaction7"of trespass brought by the plaintiff in error against the defendant.
In November 1791 the legislature of Rhode Island granta charter of incorporation to certain individuals,, who had associated themselves together .for.the purpose of forming a banking company. .They are'incorporated by the name of the "President, Directqrs, and Company of the Providence Bank;" and have the ordinhry powers-which are supposed to be necessary for the usual objects of such issociations.
In 1822 the legislature of Rhode Island passed "an act imposing a duty on licensed persons and others, and bodies corporate within the state ;" in which, among'othpr things it is enacted that there shall be paid, for the use of the' state, by each and every bank within the state, except the Bank of. the United-States, the sum of fifty cents on each and every thousand dollars of. the capital. stock actually paid in." This tax was afterwards augmented to one dollar and twentyfive cents.
The Providence Bank, haying determined to resist the payment of. this tax, brought an action of trespass against the officers by'whom a warrant of distress was issued against and served upon the property of the bank, in pursuance of the law. The defendants justify the taking set out in the declaratiorn under the act of assembly imposing the tax; to which plea the plaintiffs demur, and assign for cause of demurrer that the act is repugnant to the constitution of the United States, inasmuch as it impairs the obligation of the contract created by their charter of incorporation. Judg-

SUPREME COURT.
[Providenco Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
ment was given by the court of common pleas in favour of the defendants; which judgment was, on-appeal, confirmed by the supreme judicial court of the state: that judgment has been brought before this court by a writ of error.
It has been settled that a contract entered into between a state and an individual, is as fully protected by the tenth section of the first article of the constitution, as a contract between two individuals; and it is not denied that a charter incorporating a bank is a contract. Is this contract impaired by taxing the banks of the state '.
This question is to be answered by the charter itself. It contains no stipulation'promisig exemption from taxation. The state, then, has made no express contract which has been impaired by the act of v hich the plaintiffs complain. No words have bedn found in the charter, which, in themselves, would justify the opinion that the power of taxaLion was in the view of either of the parties; and that an exeniption of it was intended, though not expressed. The plaidftiffs find great difficulty in showing that the charter contains a promise, either express or implied, not to tax the bank. The elaborate and ingenious argument which has been urged amounts, in substance, to this. The charter authorises the bank to employ its capital in banking transactions, for the .benefit of the stockholders. It binds the state fo permit these transactions for this object. Any law arresting directly the operations of the bank would .violate this obligatiof, and would come within the prohibition of the constitution. But, as that cannot be done circuitously which may not be done directly, the charter restrains the state from passing any act which may indirectly destroy the profits of the bank. A power to tax the bank niay unquestionably be carried to such an excess as to take all its profits, and still more than its profits for the use of the state ; and consequently destroy the institution. Now, whatever may b.e the rule of expediency, the constitutionality of a measure depends, not on the degree of its exercise, but on its principle. A power therefore which may .in effect destroy the charter, is inconsistent with it; and 'is impliedly renounced by granting it. Such a power cannot b exercised without im-

JANUARY TERM 1830.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.] -
pairing the obligation of the contract. When.pushed-to its extreme point, or eercised in moderation, it is the same power, and is hostile to the rights granted by the charter. This is substantially the argument for the bank. The plaintiffs cite and rely on several sentiments expressed, on vari'ous occasions by this court, in support of these positions.
The claim of the Providence Bank is certainly of the first impression. The power of taxing moneyed corporations has been frequently exercised; and has never before, so far as is known, been resisted. Its novelty, however, furnishes .no conclusive argument against it.
That the taxing power is of vital importance; that it is essential to the existence of government; are truths which it cannot be necessary to reaffirm. They are a'cknowledged and asserted by all. It would seem that the relinquishment of such a power is never to be assumed. We will not say that a state may not relinquish it; that a consideration sufficiently valuable to induce a partial release of it may, not exist: but-as the whole community is interested in retaining it undiminished; that community has a right to insist that its abandonment ought not to be- presumed, in a case.in which the delibdrate purpose of the state to .abandon it does not appear.
The plaintiffs would give to this charter the same -construction as if it contained a clause exempting the bank from taxation on its stock in trade. But can it be supposed" thatsuch a clause, would not enlarge its privileges !.They contend that it must be implied; because the power to tax may be so wielded as to defeat the purpose for which. the charter -wasgranted. And may not this be said with equal truth of other legislative powers q.Does it not also apply'with equal force to* every incorporated company!. A company may be incorporated for the 'purpose of trading in goods as well as trading in money.. If the policy of the state should lead to the imposition of a tax on unincorporated companies, could' those which might be iiacorporaied claim an exemption, in virthe of a charter which does not indicate such an intention . The time may come when a duty may be inposed on
Void. IV.-3 V

SUPREME COURT.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
manufactures. Would an incorporated company be exempted from this duty, as the mere consequence of its charter 9
The great -object of an incorporation is to bestow the character and properties of individuality on a collective and changing body of men. This capacity is always given to such a body. .Any privileges which.may exempt it from the burthens common to individuals,, do not flow necessarily from the charter, but must be expressed in it, or they do not
exist.
if the power of taxation is inconsistent with the charter, because it may be so exercised as to destroy the- object for which the charter is given "it is. equally inconsistent with every other charter, because it is equally capable of working the.destruction'of the objects for which every other charter is given. If the grant of a power to trade in money to'a given amount, implies an exemption of the stock in trade from taxatibi', because the tax may absorb all the profits; then'the grant of any. other thing implies the same exemption; for thai thing may be taxed to an extent which will render it totally unprofitable to the grantee. Land, for ex-' ample, has, in many, perhaps in 4l the states, been granted
by government since the adoption of the, constitution. This grant is a contract, the object of which is that the profits issuing from it shall enure to the benefit of the grantees Yet the power of taxation may be carried 'so far as to abpsorb these profits. Does this impair the 'Obligation of the contract . The ideais rejepted by all;' and the proposition 'appears so extravagant, that it is difficult to admit any resemblance in the cases. And yet if the proposition for which the plaintiffs contend be true, it carries us to this point.. That proposition is, that a power which is in itself capable of being exerted to the total destruction of the grant, is inconsistent with the grant; and is therefore impliedly relinquished by the grantor, though the language of the instrument contains no allusion to the'subject. If this be an abstract truth, it may be supposed universal. But it is not universal and therefore its truth cannot be admitted, in these broad terms, in any case. We must look for the
exemption in the language of the instrument; and if we do

JANUARY TERM 1830.

.563

[Providence Bank us. Billings and Pittman.]
not find it there, itwould bp going very far to insert it by construction.
The power of legislation, aid consequently of.taxation, operates on all the persons and property belonging to the body politic: This is an original principle, which has its. foundation in society itself. It is granted by all, for the benefit of all. It resides in government as a part of itself, and need not be reserved when property of any descripti6n,'or the right to use it in any manner, is granted to individuals or corporate bodies. However absolute the right of an individual may be, it is still in the nature of -that right, that it must bear a portion of the public burthens ; and that portion must be determined by the legislature. This vital power may be abused; but the constitution of the United States was not intended to furnish the corrective for every abuse of power which may be committed by the state governments. The interest, wisdom, and justice of the representative body, and its relations with its constituents, furnish the only security, where there is no express contract, against unjust and excessive taxation; as well as against unwise legislation generally. This principle was laid down in the case of M'Cullough vs. The State of Maryland, and in Osborn et al. vs. The Bank of the United States. Both those cases, we think, proceeded on the admission that an incorporated ban4, unless its charter shall express the exemption, is no more, exempted from taxation, than an unincorporated company would be, carrying on the same business.
The case of Fletcher vs. Peck has been cited; but in that case the legislature of*Georgia passed an act to annul its grant. The case of the State of New Jersey vs. Wilson has been also :mentioned; but in that case the stipulation exempting the land from taxation, was made in express words.
The reasoning of the couit in the case of M'Cullough'vs.
The State of Maryland has been applied to this case; but the court itself appears to have provided against this application. Its opinion in that case, as well as in Osborn et al. vs. The Bank of the United States, was founded, expressly, on the supremacy of the laws of congress, and the necessary conse-
quence of that supremacy to exempt its instruments employ-

SUPREME COURT.
[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
ed in the execution of its powers, from the operation of any intefering power whatever. In reasoning on the argument that the power of 'taxation was not confined to the people and property of a state, but might be exercised on every object brought within its jurisdiction, this court admitted the truth of the proposition ; and added, that "the power was an incident of sovereignty, and was co-extensive with that to -which it was an incident. All powers, the court said, over which the sovereign power of a state extends, are subjects of taxation. The sovereignty of a state extends to every thing which exists by its own authority, or is introduced by its permission ; but does it extend to thosemeans which are employed by congress to carry into executibn powers conferred on that body by the people of the United States . We think not.
So in the case of Osborn vs. The Bank of the United States, the court said, "the argument".in favour of the right of the stare'to tax-the bank, "supposes the corporatign .to have been originated for the management of an individual concern, to be founded upon contract between individuals, hdving.private trade and private profit for its great end and principal object.
if these premisps were true, the conclusion drawn from them would be inevitable. This mere private corporation. .- gaged in its own business, would certainly be subject to the taxing power of the state as any individual would be."
The court was certainly not discussing the question whether a tax imposed by a state on a bank chartered by itself, impaired the Qbligation of its contract ; and these opinions are not conclusive as they would be had ,they be'n delivered in such a case: but they show that the question was not considered as doubtful, and ,that inferences drawn from general expressions poifited to a different subject cannot be correctly drawn.
We have reflected seriously on this case,,aid are of opinion that the act of the legislature of Rhode Island, passed in 1822, imposing a duty on licensed. persons and others, and bodies corporate within the state, does not impair the obligation of the contract created by the charter. granted to the

JANUARY TERM 1830.

565

[Providence Bank vs. Billings and Pittman.]
plaintiffs in error. It is therefore the opinion of this court, that there is no error in the judgment of the supreme judicial court for the state of Rhode Island, affirming the judgment of the circuit court in this case; and the same is affirmed; and the cause is remanded to the said supreme judicial court, that its judgment may be finally entered.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript .of the record from the supreme judicial court of the state of Rhode Island and Providence plantations, and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, it is ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said supreme judicial court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed, with
costs.

