JANUARY TERM 1831.
LEssEE or JAMES B. CLARKE AND OTHERS, PLAINTIPFS In ERROR VS. JORN COURTNEY AND OTShRS, DEFENDANTS IN
ERROR.
The clerk of the court brought into court, tinder process, a letter of attorney, and left a copy of it, by consent of the plaintiffs and defendants; returning home with the original. M.a witness stated that the clerk of the court showed him the instrument, the signature of which he examined, and he believed it to be the hand writing of the party to it;'with whose hand writing he was acquainted. Another witness stated that the instrument shown to M. was the original power of attorney. The letter of attorney purl~ortef to be executed and delivered by -James B. Clarke, of the city of New York, and Eleanor his wife," to "Carey L. Clarke, of the city of New York," on the 7th of October 1796, in the presence of three witnesses. .By the court: In the ordinary course of legal proceedings, instruments under seal, purporting !o be executed in the presence of a witness, must be proved by the testimony' of the subscribing witness, or.his absence sufficiently accounted' for. When he is dead, or cannot be found, or is without the jurisdiction of the court, or otherwise incapable of being produced, the next secondary evidence is the proof of his hand writing; and that, when proved, affords prima facie evidence of a due execution of the instrument: for it is presumed that he cotild not have subscribed his name to a false attestatioK. If upon due search and inquiry no one can be found who can prove his hand writing;no doubt resort may then be had to proof of the hand writing of the party who executed the instrument. Such proof may always be produced as corroborative evidence of its due and valid execution; though it is not, ex-. cept under the limitation stated, priinary evidence. Whatever.may have been the origin of the rule, and in whatever reason it may have been founded, it has been too long established to be disregarded, or to justify an inquiry into its original correctness. The rule was not complied with in the case at bar. The original instrument was not produced at the trial, nor the subscribing witnesses, or their non-production was not accounted for. The instrument purports to be an ancient one; but no evidence was offered, in this stage of the cause, to connectit with possession under it, so as to justify its admission as an ancient deed, without iurther proof. The agreement of the parties disperised with the production of the original instrument, vbu"t not with the ordinary prpof of the dbe execution of the original, in the same manner as if the original were present.
A power of attorney "1to sell, dispose of, contract, and bargain for land, &c. and to execute deeds, contracts, and bargains for the sale of the same," did not authorize a relinquishment to the state of Kentucky of the land of the con-, stituent, under the act of the legislature of that state of 1794; which allowed persons who held lands subject to taxes, to reinquish and 'disclaim their title thereto, by making an entry of the tract or the part thereof disclaimed with, the surveyor of the county.
A power'of attorney from "James B. Clarke-and Eleanor his wife," to " Carey L. Clarke," for the sale of lands, is not properly or legally executed in the fol-

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Clarke et a]. vs. Couitney et al.
lowing form:" I, the said Carey L. Clarke, attorney as afoiresaid. &e. do." - In Witness whereof the said Carey'L. Clarke, attorney as aforesaid, has hereunto subscribed his hand and seal this 25th day of November in the year of our Lord 1800. Carey L. Clarke [L.S.]" This act does not purport to be the act of the principal but of the attorney. This may savour of refinement,-since it is apparent that the party intended to pass the interest and title of his principals. But the law looks not to the intent alone, but to the fact whether the intent has been executed in such a manner as to possess a legal validity. In the case of Hawkins vs. Barney's" Lessee, at this term, it was decided that when the plaintiff's title, as exhibited by himself, cpntains an exception and shows that he has conveyed a part of the tractor land to a third .person, and it is unce rtain whether the defendants are in possession of the land not conveyed, the onus probandi, to prove the defendant on the ungranted part is on the plaintiff. If a mere trespasser, without any.claim or'pretence of title, enters into land, and holds the same adversely to the title of the owner, it is an ouster or disseisin of the owner. But in such case the possession f the trespasser is bounded by his actual occupancy, and consequently the owner is not disseised except as to the portion so occupied. Where a person enters into land under a deed or title, his possession is construed to be co-extensive with his deed or title; and- although the deed or title may turn out to be defective or void, yet the true owner will be deemed to be disseised to the extent of the boundaries of such deedor title. This, however, is bubject to -ome qualifications. For if the true owner be at.the same time in possession of part of the land, clAsming title to the whole, then his seisin extends, by construttion of law, to alfthe land which is not in tlie actual POSsession or occupancy, by'enclosure or otherwise, of the party so claiming under a defective deed or title. In, the case bf The Society forPropagating the Gospel vs. The Town of Pawlet, 4 Peters, the court held, that where a party entered as a mere trespasser, withouttitle, no ouster could be presumed in favour of such.a naked possession; but that when a party entered under a title adverse to the plaintiff, it was au ouster of, and an adverse possession to the true owner. The doctrines recognized by this court are in harmony with those established by the authority of other courts: especially by the court of Kentucky.
ERROR to the circuit court of the United States,. for the district of Kentucky.
This was an actionof ejectment instituted in February 1821, against a number. of persons in"possession of a large tract of land, containing fifty-five thousand three hundred and ninety acres, in the state of Kentucky. The suit was afterwards dismissed, by the plaintiffs, as to forty of the defendants.
The declaration contained five counts, each count statitig separate demises of the same tract of -land, The first was on the demise of James'B. Clarke, of the ist of September 1820, for fifty-fve thousandthree hundred and ninety acres, granted

JANUARY TERM 1831;
[Lessee of Clarke et al. vs. Courtney et al.]
by Virginia, to Martin Pickett, by patent, bearing date on the 10th December 1785. "Beginning at a sugar tree and white oak, at the head of- a hollow corner, to another survey of the said Pickett, and of younger Pitt's land, thence with a line of said Pickett's survey of forty-four thousand seven hundred and forty acres," &c. describing the abuttals as set forth in the patent.
The second count was on the demise of John Bryant, Maxwell and wife, Anna Maria Maxwell, and Eliza Bryant Grant, heirs of John Bryant, deceased. The third was on the demise of Abraham Schuyler, and Neelson and wife. The fourth of Theodocia, Thomas, and John B. Grant. The fifth owfseveral demises made by John B. Maxwell, Anna Maria Maxwell, Eliza B. Grant, Theodocia S. Grant, Thomas R. Grant, John B. Grant, Abraham S. Neelson and wife.
The case was tried at November term 1826; when the verdict and judgment were for the defendants.
In the course of the trial the plaintiffs took three bills of exceptions to the opinions of the court on the matters sef forth thereon.
The first bill of exceptions sets forth: that on the trial of the cause some of the defendants professing to hold a conveyance from the plaintiff, Clarke, by Carey L. Clarke as attorney in. fact of the said plaintiff, offered in evidence, a deed and letter of attorney, the former executed by Carey S. Clarke as the attorney in fact of James B. Clarke and Eleanor Clarke, his wife, on the 23d October 1800, to Robert Payne, and the latter the power of attorney, executed at the city of New York, on the 7th of October 1796. The deed, to Robert Payne, which was duly admitted to record, released to him all James B. Clarke's title to all the land embraced by the surveys of John and Robert Todd, on the North Fork of Eagle and Mill Creek, so far as they interfere with the patent to Martin Pickett, under which Robert Payne claimed; and gave testimony likewise, conducing to prove them. And that, Andrew Moore, the clerk of the Harrison circuit court, who brought the letter of attorney into this court, under process for that purpoge,_desiring to return, and considering it his duty to retain possession of that instrument, by consent of plaintiff and defendant, departed with it, leaving a copy. And at a
VOL. V-2 Q

SUPREMP COURT.
tLessee of Clarke et al. vs. Courtneyet al.]
subsequent day, Moses L. Miller was introduced as a witness to prove the letter of attorney, Who stated that being summo'ned as a.witness he met with the clerk of Harrison afore-, said, in Georgetown, who showed him an instrument, the signature to Whicbr he examined, and he believed it to be the hand writing of James B. Clarke, with whose hand writing he was aqquainted. And another witness was examined, tending to prove that the instrument, so shown by said 'Moore to Miller, was the same previously read before this court as aforesaid.
Whei) Andrew Moore, the clerk of Harrison court, was about to resume possession of the letter of attorney-and todepart, the attorney of the plaintiff-declared that he ,had no objections. No further evidence was offered relative to the power of attorney.
To'the admission of the testimony-of Miller, the plaintiff objected, especially in the absence of the letter of attorney; but the court overruled the objection, and submitted the tetimonr to the jury, as tending to prove that instrument; to which the plaintiff excepted.
-The second bill of exceptions statbd, that the plaintiff proved and read in evidence, a patent from the commonwealth of Virginia, to Martin Pickett, dated 10th of December 1785, for fifty-five thousand three hundred and ninety'acres,." beginning at a sugar tree and white oak, at the head of a hollow corner to said Pickett's and younger Pitt's land, thence with a line of said Pickett's survey of forty-four thousand seven hurk-:red.and forty acres, being part of said entry, north 9. east, &c." being the same abuttals set forth in the declaration of ejectment, and in the power of attorney.
And 'also a deed from the said'Martin Pickett of Virginia, to William and John Bryant for the said land, dated May 1st, 1793; and also a deed from William Bryant to James B. Clarke, dated 18th July 1794, for an undivided moiety of the said land; and also a deed from John Bryant to James B. -Clarke, dated. October 13th 179.1, for the other moiety; he having proved the possession of the <defendants, and that James B. Clarke at the date of his deed and ever.since, was and had been, a citizen and resident in the state of New York.

JANUARY TERM 1831.
ELessee of Clarke et al. vs. Gourtney et al.]
The plaintiff relied solely on the demise from James B. Clarke, and gave no evidence on the other demises-and relied solely upon the patent to Pickett for fifty-five thousand three hundred and ninety acres-none of the defendants being within the patent to Pickett for forty-four thousand seven. hundred and forty acres.
The defendants offered in evidence the following exhibits: a release of forty-nine thousand nine hundred and fifty-twp acres'by Carey, L. Clarke, as attorney for James B. Clarke and John Bryant, bearing date 25th November1800-acknowledged same day, before John Payne, Ahe surveyor of Scott county, by him certified-afterwarda lodged with the auditor of public accounts:---it recites that James B. Clarke and wife, and John Bryant and wife,' had appointed' Carey L. Clarke their attorney, to sell, transfer, and convey a certain tract on the waters of Eagle creek, in the county of Scott and state of Kentucky, containing one hundred thousand one hundred and ninety-two abres, entered in the name of Martin Pickett, and which tract of land is now held by the said Clarke and Bryant, as tenants in common: "Now; therefore, I, the 'said Carey L. Clarke, attorney as aforesaid, in pursuance of an act of the .legislature of the state of' Kentucky, authorizing claimants of land within its commonwealth to relinquish, by themselves or their "attornies, any part or parts of their claims to the commonwealth; I do hereby relinquish to the commonwealth of, Kentucky, all the right, title, interest, property, claim and demand of the said Clarke and Bryant, of, in and to the hereinafter described tracts of land, being part of the above mentioned tract, and lying within the boundaries, viz. here the deed specifies various conflicting surveys, and gives the quantity in the various surveys; also specifies certain other quantities by boundaries expressed, altogether amounting to forty-nine thousand nine hundred and fifty-two acres.
Also a release, bearing date 25th November 1801, executed by the said Carey L. Clarke, as attorney in fact for John Bryant, reciting the act of assembly aforesaid, authorizing the relinquishment Df lands to the commonwealth, specifying various conflicting surveys and other specific boundaries of the several parcels, amounting to thirty-four thousand, and twenty-seven, acres-also certified by the surveyor of Scott, and filed in the

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Clarke et al. vs. Courtney et al.]
auditor's office-with a transcript by the auditor, from the books of his office, certifying theentries for taxes, of the fiftyfive thousand three hundred and ninety acres,-and the subsequent relinquishment of forty-nine thousand nine hundred and fifty-two acres thereof, and the sale to the state for taxes of three thousand four hundred antd thirty-eight acres-also, the entry for taxes of the forty-four thousand five hundred and forty-seven adres; the release to the state of thirty-fout thousand and twenty-nine-thereof, and that tlfL'residue was $he property: of Yohn Hawkins of George (lXentucky) :-annexed also is the certificate of the auditor, that neither James B. Clarke, -or John Bryant, appear to have paid any taxes since the said relinquishments were made. To prove which he relied upon the power of attorney to Carey L. Clarke, mentioned in a former bill of exceptions, and the original relinquishment from the auditor's office, and proved the execution thereof by John Payne, -thesurveyor of-Scott county, wherein the land relinquished then was situate,.
John Payne also stated, that in the year 1794, or thereabouts, - Griswold came.to his residence in Scott county, claiming the land in .Pickett'spatent, by contract with Clarke; tbat'the deponent and Robert Parker, the surveyor of Fayette, made out a connected 'lot showing the interfering claims set forth in this relinquishment, and Griswold, expressing dissatisfaction with the claim and the contract, returned. Afterwards Carey L. Clarke came, to Kentucky, avowing himself the agent of Clarke by the letter of attorney, a copy of which is set forth in the bill of exceptions taken in this cause: that Carey L. Clarke in 1796, or thereabouts, called on the witness., and expressed a disposition to relinquish. The witness advised Clarke that he might be able to prevail for some. of the land, and had better not make the relinquishment. Afterwards in the year 1800, the relinquishment was prepared by Carey L. Clarke, in his own hand writing, and executed in the surveyor's office', before said Payne, and he the surveyor certified i'and took copies: Carey L. Clarke then took the original; and the witness having no record book for the purpose (this being the only relinquishment ever made in his office for taxes), still kept, a copy, with his private papers, and he did not deliver the copy to his successor in office, (and did

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Lessee of Clarke 4t al. vs. Courtney et al.]
not suppose Clarke hdd used it till lately), when he resigned and handed over the records; which took place some years afterwards.
Porter Clay, the present -auditor of state, produced the original,-stating on examination, that he found it in his office, and that no tax had been paid upon that part of the tract embraced by that instrument subsequent to its date.
The attorney ,for the plaintiff then made a motion to the court to instruct the jury, that the instrument under the proof did not bind the plaintiff, and could not bar his recovery: but the'court overruled the motion, and instructed the jury that the said relinquishment for the forty-nine thousand nine hundred and fifty-two acres, if the execution thereof was satisfactorily proved, was a bar to the recovery of all the land described in said relinquishment:
Andi, on the motion of the defendants, the court instructed the jury, that if they believed the execution of the power of attorney from James B. Clarke to Carey L. Clarke, and of the relinquishment in. evidence, then it was incumbent on the plaintiff to maintain his action, to show that the defendants, or some of them, were at the service of the ejectment, outside of the several parts relinquished to the state:. to which several opinions of the court the plaintiff excepted.
The third bill of exceptions stated, that the plaintiff having given in evidence the patent to Pickett, the deed to John hnd William Bryant, the deeds from John and William Bryant to the plaintiff, James B. Clarke, and proved that the said James B. Clarke was, at the date thereof, and ever since, resident of the state of New York, and that the title papers aforesaid, all embrace the land in controversy, and that the defendants were all in possession at the time of the commencement of this suit; and after the defendants had given the evidence touching the relinquishment as set forth in the,bill of exceptions on file in this cause, and the court had given the iristructidns and opinions therein also contained; the plaintiff gave testimony conducing to prove, that some of the'defendants, to wit:-Wil-
1Jam Hinton, James Hughes, John Vance, John Gillum, Henry Antle, Jeremiah Antle, Peter Sally, Benjamin Sally, Samuel Courtney, &c. were not within the limits set forth by the said instrument of relinquishment; and these all rely-

326

SUPR-MME COURT.

[Lessee of Clarke,et al. vs. Courtney et al.]
ing in their defen'ce upon their possession, they ga.ve in evidence a patent to James Gibson, and a patent to Sterrett and
Grant. That Gibson 2s patent is for six hundred and-fifty-seven acres,
surveyed 4th ;:Decembe. 1783, patented March '1st, 1793. Sterrett nd: Grant's patent, one thousand six hundred fnd twenty-nine acres, entered 161h.January 1783, surveyed, lst November 17.92---patented 24th October 1799--- -And -gave testimony conducing to prove, that the said Sallys, Courtfieya, &c.- were within the. boundary presdribed -by the' patent of Grant and Sterrett: and Hinton i , Hughes, Gillum, Vhnce, Antle., were wi thin the bounds of the grat to Gibsone and touching, the possession within Gibson's paten4 the witness stated, that in the year 1796, William Hintoft ertered withih the patent of Gibson, claiming a part of the tract ubder that granf' and that tenement has been occupied ever since: and at subs.queiit periods, the other teilants claiming under said William -Hint, n, had settled in the same manner upon other parcels, claimed by them as parts of said William Hin-ton's purchase, and from the time of their respective settld-
ment , their possession had been continued: the witness knew nbt the extent of boundary.of any of the purchases, and no
title papers were produced. And touching the possession within the-grant to Sterrett
and Grant, the witness stated that in the year 1791 or 172, Griffin Taylor entered under that patent: that tenement has been-still occupied by Taylor and- his alienees, and at periods subsequent, the other tenants had entered and taken possession, claimifig under said Taylor within the limits of. the patent to Sterrett and Grant. No- written evidences of purchase were
offered. Whereupon the attorney for the plaintiff made a motion
to the court to instruct the jury, 1. That the "Pssessionof those defendants Was no bar to
the ptaintiff's action. o. That the statute of limitations could only protect the de-
fendants to the extent that had actually enclosed their respective tenements; and occupied for twenty years preceding the commencement of this suit.
The court overruled the motion of the plaintiff'for the in-

JANUARY TERM, 1831.
[Lessee of Clarke et at. vs. Courtney et a.]
structions aforesaid, as made; and instructed the jury thit adverse possession was a question of fact: that under the adverse patents given in evidence it was not necessary to show a paper title derived under those adverse grants, to make out adverse possession:-but that such hostile possession might be proved by parol; that an entry under one of the junior grants, given in evidence by the defendants, and within tlhe boundaries of the elder grant of Pickett, made by one claiming under such junior grant without any specific metes and bounds, other than the. abuttals of the grant itself, did. constitute an adverse possessioi to the whole extent of the abuttals and boundaries under which such entry was made.
To the refusal of the court to give the instructions asked by the plaintiff; and to the instructions given by the court, the plaintiff excepted.
The case was argued by Mr Loughborough. for the plaihitiff in error; and by Mr Bibb for the defendant.
For the plaintiffs in error it was contended, As to the proof of the letter of attorney. The court erred in admitting a copy to the jury. The original was in existence, and it was in the power of the defendants to produce it. This should have beei done.. Peake's Ev. 9S; 9 ,Wheaton, 558. Tayloe vs,. Riggs, '1 Peters 591,. To admit the copy as evidence, it was necessary first to have proved the ezecution of the original. Rees vs. Lawless, 4 Littell's Rep. 220. Elmondorf vs. Carmichael, 4 Littell's Rep. 479. This was not 'done. There were subscribing witnesses to the deed. * Proof of handwriting in such case is secondary evidence; and to admit it, a foundation must be laid by showing that the testimony of the subscribing witnesses cannot be had. Here the *bsence of the suliscribing witness was not accounted for in any mariner: proof of handwriting was therefore incompetent . Peake's Evidence, 101, and cases cited in notes. Fox et a]. vs. Reel et al. 3 Johns. 477. Henry et al. vs. Emott, 2 Wendell, 475., i'Murtry vs. Frank, 4 fd6nroe's Rep. 39,, 1 Starkie's Ev. 330. But admitting a sufficient excuse shown for the absence of the subscribing witnesses, the next best evidence is proof of

SUPREMt COURT.
[Lessee. of Clarke vt al. vs. Courtney et al.]
their hand writing. Phill. Xv. 420, 421. Starkie Er. ubi supra. Norris',Peake, 152. Huby vs..-Champlin, 4 Johns. Rep. 461 and notes, It doe.s not appear that this proof was given here. Proof of the party's signature was therefore incom-
petent and misplaced.. That the plaintiff's counsel did not object to the withdrawal
of the original by Moore, does not preclude his exception to the secondary evidence. The instrument constituted a part of the defendant's evidence, offered by themselves; which they had a right at any time to withdraw, without the plaintiff's assent. The plaintiff could have made no objection. At the proper time'the proper objection was made; that was, when the secondary and objectionable evidence was offered. And surely the defendants cannot be permitted to cut off, the objection upon the ground that the plaintiff did not make himself the guardian of their case; by forewarning them that he would in due time .avail himself of a just exception to incompetent testimony.. No surprise could have been occasioned by the objection. It was one which the defendant's counsel should have expected.
2. Btt if the court shall consider the power of attorney sufficiently proved, it is insisted, by the plaintiff, that it does ,uot authorize the act of relinquishment attempted to be per.forined by the agent.. In, the ommeneement it authorizes the ,attorney "to sell aid dispose of, cbntract and agree for, a certain tract of'land," &c. and, after describing the land,.pro·ceeds as follows: ."4 hertoy fully apthorizing and empowering the said Carey L. Clarke to sell, dispose of, contract and, b~argain for, all or so much of said tract of land, and to such person or persons, and af such fime and times, as he shall think proper; and, in our or one.of our names, to enter into, acknowledge, and execute all such deeds, contracts, and bargains, for the sale of the same, as he shalJ think proper." Then follows a proviso, limiting the attorney's power to
make warrantees. Whether this power of attorney be regarded in the whole,
or with a view to its several parts,'it will not appear to give the agent any authority to abandon the land of his principal by relinquishing it to the commonwealth. No one can bdlieve that James B. Clarke expected to escape from his title in this manner. The agency intemded seems to have been

JANUARY TERM 1831.
fLessee of Clarke et alv.9. Courtney et al.]
,onefor the sale of the land, or such parts of it as the agent might think proper. This will appear froni the first clause recited: and when the power to execute deeds, contracts, and bargains for the principal is given, it is limited to such as shall be "for the sale" of the lands. *When,therefore, the agent attempted to execute a deed, not for the sale of the land, he exceeded his authority. That an authority must be strictly pursued: Bac. Abr. title Authority. 1 Com. Dig. title Attorney. Nixon vs. Hyserott, 5, Johns. Rep. 58.
The power of attorney shown does not appear to have been that under which C. L. Clarke acted. By the relinquishment, it appears that the attorney-had a joint letter of attorney from Clarke and Bryant, tenants in common of a tract of one hundred thousand one hundred and ninety-two acres of land, to sell, &c. The authority shown is from J.B. Clarke, sole tenant of fifty thousand acres. This does not support the relinquishment; it is inconsistent with it.
3. But the relinquishment was not duly made. The power to relinquish did not exist at common law; 'it was given by the act of assembly of Kentueky of the 4th December 1794. 1 Littell's Laws, 22. Digest Laws of Kentucky, 845.
The act provides that the relinquishment shall be -by making an entry of the tract, or that part thereof so disclaimed, with the surveyor of the county in which the land, or the greater part thereof, shall lie, in a book to be by him kept for that purpose; which said, entry shall describe the situation and bounary of the land disclaimed, with certainty, and be signed by the party in the presence of the surveyor, who shall attest the same."7
It is a principle df law that enabling statutes must be strictly pursued. Where a statute innovates upon the common law, and confers authority-in derogation thereof to do a particular thing; as in this case, to surrender land to the commonwealth; the act must be.performed in the manner directed by the statute, else it cannot prevail: not by the common law, for that does not at all permit-it; not by the statute, because its requisitions have not been complied with. The statute declares that when certAin things are done in the mode pointed out by it, they shall operate a relinquishment of the title. To make an act valid, therefore, under this statute, it must
VOL. V:-2 R

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Clarke et al. vs. Courtney et al.]
be shown to have been performed in the prescrijied manner. In Wilson vs. Mason, 1 Cranch 97, this court held that a party ',claiming under a statute, should show that its requirements had been, fully complied with; and that the court could not substitute any equivalent act for that required bythe law.
The court will perceive no motive for liberality in the constructioh of this act of the Kentucky legislature. The land had been appropriated by entry, survey,and patent, all on record; the relinquishment should have been made of record in a book kept for that purpose by the surveyor, signed by the paity in presence of the surveyor, by him attested; and if by an agent, that officer should have received tne power duly authenticated, and recorded it with the entry. None of these requisitions have been fulfilled. The relinquishment offered was in no book-not even held officially by the surveyor; for he laid the copy aside with waste papers, and handed none of them to his successor. Suppose an entry upon a land warrant had been thus made; no court could recognize it as a valid act.
In Hardin vs. Taylor (4 Monroe's Reports, 516,) the court
of appeals of Kentucky deemed it a: valid objection to a relinquishment made by an attorney, that the power of attorney was not filed in the surveyor's office. The relinquishment, in this case, was, it is true, after the act of 1.801, which di'rected the power to be recorded; but that direction was only an affirmance of an established principle of law that the authority of the agent should be evidenced as the act performed by him.
In England the title to land can pass neither to nor from the king, except by matter of record. 2 Blackstone's Commentaries, 344.
This rule is applicable to the commonwealth of Virginia. Fairfax's Devisees vs. Hunter's Lessee, 7 Cranch, 603. In the case of Barbour vs. Nelson, 1 Littell's Rep. 59, the court of ippeals of Kentucky recognize the principle as existing in that state. Cited also to this point, 4 Littell's Rep. 479.
In Robinson vs. Buff, &c., 3 Littell's Reports, 38, the court of appeals of Kentucky decided that the common law prevailed in that state; and that an act of the legislature which provided that lands which could not be sold for taxes should be

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Lessee of Clarke et al. vs. Courtney et al.]
"stricken off to the state," did not affect it: and they held that the title to lands actually stricken off to the state was not thereby vested in it.
If the rule, that a record is necessary to pass 4 freehold to the king or to the commonwealth, be as inflexible as these authorities show it; then. that record must be complete between the holder of the freehold and the state. Such .is not the ease here. Admitting the relinquishment to be a record, still it is a record made up 'between C. L. Clarke and the commonwealth, and to which J. B. Clarke, the owner of the title, -is no party. It does not appear, of record, that C. L. Clarke was the attorney of J..B: Clarke for the purpose of this relinquishment. The authorities it is believed will show that to an inquest of office to vesj, a freehold in the king, it was necessary that the party interested should appear in.person, or by an attorney, whose warrant was entered on the record of the proceeding.
But, furthermore, this deed of relinquishment is invalid upon its face, as not having been executed in the proper manner. It is executed in the -name of the attorney, not of his"
principal. In Combe's case, 9 Coke, 76, it was resolved, that if attor-
neys have power by writing to make leases by indenture, they cannot make indentures in their own names, but in the name of him who gives them warrant.
In Frontin vs. Small, 2 Lord Raymond, 1418i S. C. 1 Strange, 705, held, that a deed purporting to be made by an, attorney, in his own name, was void upon its face. Cited also White vs. Cuyler, 6 )urn. East, 176 2 Stark. Ev. 477. Elwell vs. Shaw, 16 Mass. Rep. 42. 1 Greenleaf, 339, S.C. is a case analogous to the present. "There the supreme court of Massachusetts review all the cases, and adduce from them the rule now advanced.
The case of Parker vs. Klett, reporied in Raymond and Modern, which would seem to conflict with the rule, in the case of an act in pais not of a deed. That the deed in question is not a common law but a statutory deed, cannot vary the rule. The act authorizing this relinquishment, .it is -true, saysr that lands may be relinquished to the commonwealth by the holder or his attorney; but as it does not prescribe any

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Clarke et al. vs. Courtney et a l.]
particular mode in ,which the attorney may perform the act, it follows that he must proceed according to the common law rule above stated.
'he relinquishment does not describe the boundaries of the tracts given up with -the certainty required by the statute. It
is therefore invalid., It is insisted that the circuit court erred in the instruction
predicated from the relinquishment; by which -was thrown upon the plaintiff the onus of showing that the defendants were without the relinquished tracts.
The boundaries of the abandoned territory are no' defined. The jury could not say, from the documents and proof before them, that the land in controversy was embraced by that writing. As~the obscurity arose out of the defendants' proof, and affected their defence, it was incumbent upon them to clear it up. The plaintiff had made out his cause of action clearly, and had closed his proof. This is not the case of an exception contained in the title papers of the plaintiff. If, after the plaintiff had proved his title, the defendant had shown in evidence a deed from him for one hundred acres of land, it certainly would be required of them also to show its boundaries.
The instruction of th court supposes that all the relinquished tracts were within the patent of fifty-five thousand three hundred and ninety acres. Upon the proof.offered this does not appear to be so. The fact of the relinquishment does not afford any evidence of it. It shows only that the surveys relinquished' lie within the claim of one hundred thousand one hundred and ninety-two acres, enterzed in the name of Martin Pickett.
The case of Hawkins vs. Barney's Lessee, decided at the present term, does not support the instruction ot the court bdlow. As that case is understood, it is this--plaintiff showed his title and proved defendant in possession: defendant then showed that plaintiff had conveyed his title to a third person; and the plaintiff showed a conveyance back to him, containing on its face an exception of part of the land. This court said 'he should show the defendants out of theexcepted part. This was a case of an exception inthe title papers of the plaintiff, which he was bound to show presented no bar to his recovery. The case cited from Marshall and Monroe's Reports, sustain

JANUARY TERM .1831.
[Lessee of-Clarke et al. vs. Courtney et al.]
fully that decision; but they do not bear upon the preseu't case, lgecause they are all cases in which the ambiguity grew out of the plaintiff's title.
When the defendant shows an elder outstanding title for part of the land, he must show what part. Buckley vs. Cunningham, 4 Bibb. 285.
The transcript from the books of the auditor, that three thousand four hundred and thirty-eight acres had been sold.to the state, is no evidence of that fact. It does not show the title vested in the state, and the defendants cannot avail-themselves of it. Robinson vs. Huff, &c., 3 Littell's Rep. 38.-
The recital in the power of attorney, that J. B. Clarke had conveyed to John Bryant five thousand three hundred and ninety acres of the land, is not evidence in this case, and for these defendants. Peake's Evid. 111, and cases there cited; 1 Esp. Ca. 98.
The recital of that which is a nullity cannot estop. The deed of a person out of possession is merely'void, and, does not prevent the grantor from maintaining his action. Jackson v§. Vredenburg, 1 John. Rep. 161. Williams vs. Tibbits, 5 John. Rep. 489. Meredith vs. Kennedy, Litt Sel. Cases, 328, Jackson vs. BrinckerhoffT, 3 Johh. Cases, 101. The case of Carver vs. Jackson, 4 Peters's Rep. does not show that the recital in the power of attorney in this case is evidence against the plaintiff. That was the case of the recital of a lease in a deed of release, which the court say is evidence. But the case decides nothing beyond this. But admitting the recital is evidence, should not the defendants, to make it available, show themselves within thle land recited to have been conveyed by Clarke? If the. revital is evidence that the title is out of Clarke, one of the lessors, it also shows that it is -inthe heirs of John Bryant, who are also lessors of the plaintiff. The proof of possession is insufficient to warrant the finding of the jury. Hinton, one of the defendants, entered within the junior patent of Gibson, claiming a part of that tract by purchase; and subsequently others of the defendants settled upon parcels claimed by purchase of Hintobn. His was not a contract for an interest in common in the whole tract, but for an entire parcel. His possession, therefore, was confined to

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Clarke el al. vs. Courtney et al.]
his purchase; and, as he did. not show its boundaries, should, not be a -bar for more than was actually enclosed by h'im. When the otber defendants entered, what were the boundaries of their parcels, or whether they were in fact within Hifiton's first purchase, do not appear.
Adverse possession is a question of fact; but, in the absence of the title papers of the tenant, the quo animo of his entry and taking possession should appear- The extent of possession depends upon this. Calk vs. Linn's Heirs, 1 Mar. 346. 3 Mar. 94. *Owingsvs. Gibson, 2 Mar. 515.
That possession should be restrained to defendants' close, &c. Green vs. Liter, 8 Cranch, 229.
Ifjunior patentee enter upon the interference, and then sell by.metes, his possession is limited by bounds of the land sold. Cassaday vs. Trotter, 3 Mar. 365.
The ,adverse possession under Gibson's patent was taken aftei the title had vested in plaintiff's lessor.
Though the record states that Taylor entered as early as 1-791 or" 1192, under Sterrett and Grant's patent, yet it appears that patent did not issue until 1799. Under this grant, the adverse possession, therefore, did not begin before the conveyance to Clarke. But the possession, of Taylor, and those claiming under him, is not properly shown to be adverse. At the time he entered the plaintiff held the only patent for the land. To protect himself under the patent afterwards issued, he should show some connexion with it. The conveyance to Clarke, as regards this part of the land, cannot be void on account of the law of champerty; because the possession of Taylor is not adverse within that law, to make the deed inoperative: or it is only so to the extent of his actual enclosure, and the defendants, who entered afterwards, are not saved by it. Barr vs. Gratz, 4 Wheaton, 214.
Possession taken before survey and. patent is .limited to the actual close. Briooks vs. Clay, 3 Mar. 545. Henderson vs. Howard's- Devisees, 1 -Mar. 26."
Patentee conveys part of his land-by bourids; grantee enters: he gets possession only to the extent 6f his bounds, and patentee cannot avail himself of possession out of them. Maury vs. Waugh, 1 Mar. 452.
Patentee extending protection to an occupant whose pos-.

JANUARY TERM 1831.
-[Lessee of Clarke et al. vs. Courtney et al.]
session is bounded, acquires possession only to the limits of the occupant's claim. Lee vs.McDaniel,. 1 Mar. 234.
Under each of the junior patents shown by defendants, it appears that possession was .taken by.purchasers of distinct parcels. The entries, therefore, could not have.been by persons claiming to the abuttals of the patents. It was incumbent on defendants, if they would save more than their actual closes, to show their rightful boundaries. It does not appear that any of the tenements, except Hunter's and Taylor's, have been occupied for twenty years before suit. Clay .s.White, 1 Munf. 162. Lessee of Potts vs. Gilbert, 3 Wash. C. C..Rep. 475. Bonnell's Lessee vs. Sharp, 9 John. 162. Brandt vs. Ogden, I John. 157. Hardenburg vs. Schoonmaker, 2 John. 220. Jackson vs. Woodruff, 1 Cow. -Rep. 276. Jackson vs. Camp, 1 Cow. Rep. 605. 2 John. Rep. 230.
Mr Bibb, for the defendants- insisted that the decisions of the court upon the points set forth in the several bills of exceptions taken by the plaintiff, contain no 'just cause of exception: those motions were rightly ruled by the court: and the instructions given, applied to the facts which the evidence conduced to prove, were correct expositions of the law.
The first bill of exceptions objects "to the admission of the testimony of Miller, especially in the absence of the letter of attorney."
Miller's testimony proved the hand writing of James B. Clarke, the maker of the letter of attorney to Carey L. Clarke.
The exception has two aspects: 1. To the testimony itself; 2. To the absence of the power of attorney at the timne when Miller's testimony was given.
As to the first, it is to be remembered that the ofiginal letter of attorney was brought into court, and evidence conducing to prove its execution was given,to which evidence there was no objection, and that evidence so given is not stated., The exception is to the after auxiliary testimony of Miller, as to the hand writing of James B. Clarke.' If any previous evidence, conducing to prove the execution, could lay the foundation for admitting proof of the hand writing of the maker of the instrument, then this court must presume that'such foundation was laid.

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Clarke et al. vs. Courtney et al.]
Not having made the whole evidence on this-subject a part of the bill of exceptions, every intendment should be indulged in favour of the court, and against him who excepts. Hodges vs. Biggs, 2 Marsh. 222.
The party taking a bill of exceptions must state enough to show that the opinion of the court was erroneous to his prejudice in that very case. Brown vs. M'Connell, 1 Bibb, 266.
The hand writing of the maker of the deed is proper auxiliary evidence to prove its execution in certain cases.
",When the subscribing witness is dead, insane, or absent in aforeign country at the time of the trial, whether for a permanent residence or temporary purpose, or by the commission of a-crime, or by some interest subsequent to the execution of the instrument has become incompetent, proof of his hand writing is the next best evidence. In the first case, where the witness is dead, this alone (proof of his hand writing) has beeni held sufficient; but in the others, it has been usual, and in one case was held to be necessary, to prove the hand writing to the deed also; and in all these cases a foundation must be laid by proving the situation of the subscribing witnesses." Peake's Evid. 100. Wallis, vs. Delaney, 7 Term Rep. 226. Gib. Law Evid. 105. Jones vs. Blount, 1 Haywood, 238. Mushrow vs. Graham, 1 Haywood, 361. Oliphant vs. Taggart, 1 Bay, 255. Hopkins vs. Degraffenreid, 2 Bay, 187. Nelius vs. Brichell, 1 Haywood, 19.
As to the absence of the power of attorney when Miller's testimony was admitted, let it be noted that the original was in custody of an officer, whose duty it was to lkeep it; no court, state or federal, had rightful auth6rity to take it out of his custody: to bring him into court with the instrument was the only mode of getting-that -power of attorney before the court and jury: that process had been adopted, the officer had attended, the instrument had been produced and given in evidence: for the accommodation of the officer, who wished to return home, but could not, consistent with his duty, leave the paper; the plaintiff and defendant consented that he should depart, leaving a copy.of the instrument. The instrument of which Miller testified was identified as the same which the clerk, Moore, had produced, and which had been read in the case. Under these circumstances it seems that this ex-

JANUARY TERM 1831.
(Lessee of Clarke et al. vs. Courtney et al.]
ception .is captious; that it proceeded from a raging thirst for a bill of exceptions, so scorching that a phaniom was grasped
atfor its gratification. The second bill of exceptions presents two'questions: Ist. The efficacy of the relinquishment in the surveyor's
office, bf the forty-nine thousand, nine hundred and fifty-two acres, part of the -fifty-five thousand three hundred and ninety acresa to jbincd the plaintiff, and bar his recovery as to so much
as was released. 2d. As to the instruction that it was incumbent on the plain-
tiff to show that some of the defendants were, at the service of the ejecttaent, outside of the several parts relinquished to the state.
1. As to the supposed inefficiency to bind the plaintiff, and its want of potency to bar the plaintiff .pro tanto. The plaintiff, by his argument, supposes the power of attorney to Carey L. Clarke is not broad enough to authorize a relinquishment to the state: and that if the power was sufficient, the relinquishment was not consummated according to the statute.
The authority is, "to sell and dispose of, contract and agree for"-( fully authorizing the said Carey to sell, dispose of, contract and bargain for, all, or so much of said tract of land, and to such person or persons, and at such time or times, as he shall think proper ;7' ( and execute all such deeds, contracts, and bargains," &c.
The statute undef which this relinquishment by James B. Clarke was made to the commonwealth, passed in 1794. 2 Digest, Laws Ky. 845. This did rot require the power of attorney under which an agent relinquished to be filed in the surveyor's office: but the act of the 11th of December 1801 did. 2 Digest, 846.
The entry of relinquishment, so rnade with the surveyor, describes the land relinquished with certainty; was signed in the presence of the surveyor, who tested it, as required by the statute. Whether the surveyor kept his copy of it in a bound book, or on a sheet of paper; and whether he delivered it to
hissuccessor or not; are facts immaterial. 'The deed was consummated by the signature, acknowledgement, attestation, and delivery in the surveyor's officer as to keeping a book for such
VOL. V.-2 S

SUPREME COURT.

[Lessee of Clarke et al. vs. Courtney et al.]

purposes, that was but directory to the surveyor for safe keep-

ing and preserving, the evidence of its interestg on behalf of

the state; hut the omission of the surveyor in this behalf could

not vitiate the act and deed of the party relinquishing. 1

Littell's Laws of Ky. Act of 17920 64, § 14, 15.

The state of Kentucky commenced her system of land tax

in 1792. By her revenue laws non-residents were bound to

enter their lands for taxation, at first, with some commissioner;

but afterwards with the auditor of public accounts. Act of

1794, 265, § 2, 3.

The taxes were to be paid to the treasurer; his receipt to be

filed with the auditor, who was to give a quietus. Act Qf 1795,

321. 1797,7663, § 15. 2 Litt. 1798, 55. 1799, 316, §

15, 17.

If the taxes were unpaid as required by law, the auditor was

to transmit the list of lands and taxes due thereon (at first to

the 5heriff); but by a subsequent law to the register of the land

office, whose duty was to sell, at auction, the lands on the third

Monday of November, in every year, and transmit the ac-

countof sales to the auditor; taxes in arrear to bear an interest

of ten per cent. per annum.

The state held a perpetual lien on the land for the payment

of the taxes: all personal property found upon the land in pos-

session of any tenant or occupant, claiming under the proprie-

tor from whom the taxes were due, was liable to distress for

the taxes: the ,tenant who paid taxes had a lien on the land for

reimbursement: the auditor was to keep-a book of transfers;

and non-residents, who transferred their lands entered with

the auditor for taxation, were bound to have the alteration

made accordingly in the auditor's office. 9 5 1, 953.

2 Digest, 946,

Non-resid*ents and residents were required, upon pain of

forfeiture, to enter their lands for taxation by'the last day of

November 1795, but prolonged until 1st December 1798; and

until 15th December 1806, &c.

Lands offered for sale for the taxes, and not sold for the

amount, for want of bidders, to be stricken off to the state:

Those who had paid the taxes were entitled, upon relin-

quishing their interest, to have the taxes upon the land so re-

linquished refunded from the treasury.

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Lessee of Clarke et al. vs. Courtney et al.]
Carey'L. Clarke, then by relinquishing for his principal a part of the tract, disengaged the residue -from the taxes and arrearages and interest due, and to become due,- upon the part relinquished; prevented the sale of the whole tract for the amount-of taxes due upon the whole-and if the taxes had been paid upon the part relinquished, was entitled .to raw them back. In effect he sold the forty-nine thousand nine hundred fifty-two acres for the amount of taxes which had, accrued thereon from 1792 up to 1800; and by so doing disengaged the residue from liability to distress of sale 'for taxes
accrued or accruing upon the part relinquished. 2. As to the instruction that it was-incumbent on the plain-
tiff to show some of the defendants outside of the several parts relinquished, to reeover in ejectment: the plaintiff must ,prove title. or right of entry, and that the defendant at the service of tfie. ejectment was in possession in some part of the land, to which the plaintiff at that time had the right of entry. It is not enough that the plaintiff once had title; if he
had'title and had parted with it before action brought, he could not recover. ·If be had parted with title to part of a tract, he must still' prove the defendant pbssessed of that which was,- not aliened; possessed of that to which his right of entry was existitg. Taylor vs. 'Floyd, &c. S Marsh. 20. 7 Durn..and East, 323. Bull. N. P. 110.
The third bill of exceptions was taken to the refusal of the court to instruct
1. That the possession of these defendants, within the patents of Gibson and Sterrett.and Grant, was no bar to the plaintiff's action.
2. That the statute of limitations could only protect them to the extent of their actual inclosures of twenty years dura-
tion. The counsel of the plaintiff in error having declined argu-
ing the question presented by the first proposition, no notice is taked of it.
Upon the second proposition "that the statute of limitations could only protect the :defendants to the extent that hadactually enclosed their respective tenements, and occupied for twenty years preceding the commencement of this suit.:"

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Clarke et al. ,rs. Courtney et a l. ,
The court negatived.that-proposition, and instructed the jury: ,That adverse possession was a question of fact: that under the adverse patents, given in evidence, it was not necessary to show a paper title derived under those grants, to make out adverse possession; but that, such hostile possession might be proved by parol:
"That any entry under one of the junior grants, given in evidence, and within - the boundaries of the elder grant of Pickett, made by one claiming under such junior grant, without any specific metes and bounds, other than the abuttals of the grant itself, did- constitute an adverse possession to the whole extent of the abuttals and boundaries under which such emry was made."
The counsel for the defendants insisted that the points, involved in this proposition for instruction moved by the plaintiff, were correctly ruled by the court.
It must be remembered that no evidence was adduced,tending to prove any actual possession, by Pickett, or the lessors of the plaintiff, under Pickett's patent.
Eniry, "by purchaser of part of a, survey not patented, his purchase not meted: he is possessed of the whole. survey, and possession is not limited to hi§ actual inclosure. Kendall vs. Slaughter, 1 Marsh. 376;.Roberts vs. Sanders, 3 Marsh. 29; Walden vs. The Heirs of Gratz, 1 Wheat. 295,
'Entry by one claiming under a deed of conveyance specify-. ing the boundaries: he is possessed to the extent of those boundaries, although the person who made the deed had only an entry, not perfected by survey or patent, and not appearing to cover the land so deeded. Thomas vs. Harrow, 4 Bibb, 563; Smith's Heirs vs. Lockridge, 3 Litt. Rep. 20.
An occupant, possessing himself of part of a tract, with intent to occupy the whole, is p ssessed of the wholej although he enters without the assent of the patentee, and without Iqy written evidence of title. Taylor vs. Buckner, 2 Marsh 1.9; Herndon vs. Wood, 2 Marsh, 44; Smith's Heirs vs. Lockridge, 3 Litt. Rep. 20.
Entry under a junior patent within the interference, no possession existing under the elder patent; the possession so, taken -uder' the junior patent is not limited to the close, but

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Lessee of Clarke et al. vs. Courtney et al.]
is co-extensive with the interference. Fox vs. Hinton,, 4 Bibb, 559.
But it would have been improper for the court to have told the jury that the limitation was no protection to those defendants who were within Gibson's survey; because the evidence conduced to prove, and the'jury might have so found, that those defendants were not within thepart to which James B. Clarke had title.
That James B. Clarke had conveyed fiv6 thousand three hundred and ninety acres, part of the fifty-five thousand three hundred and ninety acres, to John Bryant, is proved by his recital in the power of attorney of October 1796.
The recital in that power is evidence of the fact against said James B. Clarke, and all persons claiming under him. Carver vs. Astor, 4 Peters, 8, 19, 83.
Although there is a demise laid from the heirs of John Bryant, the plaintiff gave no evidence to show that they were within any of the savings of the statute, nor that John Bryant was.
Neither did he give any evidence to show that the residue of Pickett's patent, after deductingthe part conveyed to John Payne, by deed of October, 1800, and the five thousand three hundred ninety, acres conveyed to John Bryant,-'which remained to James B. Clarke, included these defendants. The proof was, that they were within the patent of fifty-five thousand three hundred and ninety acres, and outside of the fortynine thousand nine hundred and fifty-two acres relinquished to the state. But were they outside of the surveys of John and Robert Todd, conveyed to Payne? Were they outside of the five thousand three hundred and ninet3 acres conveyed to Bryant? Had James B. Clarke the title to the land within the survey of Gibson? James B. Clarke was not the only lessor; he was not the only substantial plaintiff.
This state of the evidence 'required of the plaintiff to open his case' on the demise from the heirs. of John Bryant; having failed to do so, he had no right to the instruction asked for; he had no right -to' recover on the demise from James B. Clarke. The plaintiff was Jhn Doe; the real actors were the heirs of John Bryant, and others, as named in the 2d. 3d, 4th, and 5th counts, as well as 'James B. Clarke. The motion

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Clarke et a]. vs. CourtneV et &.]
for instruction was, that the plaintiff- wps not -barred .bythe possbssion of the defendants; this instructidif, if given, would have included the heirs of John Bryant and the other lessors, as well as Garke. ' To this the court refused their assent.
Had th'-plaintiff asked a hypQtbetical instruction: that if the jury found from the evidence, the land within Gibson's survey was within James, B. Clarke's. part of the fifty-five thousand three hundred andninety acres, npt relinquished, nor sbld, nor conveyed from him, then the-possession of the defendants would be no bar to the demise from James B. Clarke in that case, it would have been necessary to bring into view the statute of Kentucky, passed 22d January ,1814, in force six months after its passage, repealing the saving in the statute.9f limitations in favor of persons out of the Commonwealth: 4 Litt. L. K. 91; 2 Digest,. 866; Kendall vs. Slaughter, i Marsh. 377 ta 380; M'Cluny vs..Suiliman, S -Peters, 277;.Jr ckson vs. Lainphire, 3 Peters, b90.
Possession of twenty years by a junior patented, within the interference, tolls the right of entry of the elder patentee to the whole extent of the.junior patent. Smith vs. Marrow, 5 Litt. Rep. 210. Botts vs. Shields's Heirs, 3 Litt. 34.
Where a tenant occupied the plantation, 'the presumption is that he was in possession of all the woodland belonging to the tract; and evidence of his possession being circumscribed, mu st come'from those whose interest- requires the establishment of that fact. Hinton vs. Fox, 3 Litt. 383.
Written evidence of title is not necessary to create a hostile, possession. Taylor vs. Buckner, 2 Marsh. 19. -Herndon vs. Wond, 2 Marsh. 44.
Whether'the possession was averse or not to the plaintiff, is properly a question of fact,. of which the jury are the compotent triers.. Bowles vs. Sharp, 4 Bibb, 551.
Nor is it necessary that possession should be held under colour of title to render it adverse and transferable from one to -another; so that the successive possessions may be knit together, and toll the right of entry. Powles vs. South, 4 Bibb,
55L A continued, uninterrupted possession for twenty years, not
,only tolls the right of entry, but gives a right of possession which will maintain an ejectment. Bull, N. P. 103. Stokes .vs. Barry, Salk. 42i.

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Lessee of Clarke et al. vs. Courtney et al.]
Mr Justice STORY *deliveredthe opinion-of the Court. This is a writ of error founded on a judgment.of the circuit court, in the district of Kenitucky, in an action of ejectment in which the plaintiff in error was the original plaintiff. The case is before us upon certain bills of exceptions taken -by the plaintiff; and to the consideration of these the court will qddress their attention, without entering upon any examination of other facts, not involved in the decision of therfi. Some of the defendants professing to hold a conveyance. from the lessor of the plaintiff, Clarke, made by Carey L. Clarke, as his attorney in fact, offered in evidence the deed of conveyance, and the letter of attorney, " and gave testimony conducing to prove them. And Andrew Moore, the clerk of the Harrison circuit court, who brought the letter of attorney into this. court, under process for that purpose, desiring to return, and considering it his duty to retain possession of that instrument, by consent of plaintiff' and defendants, departed with it, leaving a copy. And at a subsequent day MosesL. Miller was introduced as a witness to prove the letter of attorney; who stated, that being summoned as a witness, he met with the clerk of Harrison aforesaid, in Georgetown, who showed him an -instrument, the signature of which he examined, and believed it to be the handwriting of Sames B. Clarke (the plaintiff's lessor), with whose handwriting he was well acquainted: and another witness was examined, tending to show that the instrument, so shown by said Moore to Miller, was the same previously read before this court, as aforesaid. When Andrew Moore (the clerk of Harrisbn court) was about to resume possession of the letter of attorney and to depart, the attorney of the plaintiff declared that he had no objection. It is not pretended that any expectation of offering further proof was entertained, or intimated to the parties. To the admission of the testimony of 'Miller the plaintiff objected, especially in the absence of the letter of attorney. But the court overruled the objection, and submitted the testimony to the jury, as tending to prove that instrument." The letter of attorney purports to be made by "cJames B. Clarke" of the city of New York, and Eleanor his wife," to "Carey L. Olairke of the city-of New York;" to be dated on. the 7th of October 1796, and to be sealed and delivered in the presence of three witnesses.

SUPREME COURT..
[D1essee of Clarke etel. vs. Courtney et al.]
The question is, whether, under these, circumstances, it buglt to have been admitted in evidence. - In the ordinary coutse of legal proceedings, instruments under seal, purporting to be executed in the presence of a witness, -mustbe proved by the testimony of the subscribing witness, or his absence 'sufficiently accounted for. Where he. is dead, or cannot be found, or is without the jurisdiction, or is otherwise, incapable of being produced, the next best decondary evidence is the proof of his handwriting; and that, 'when proved, affords prima facie evidence of a due execution of the instrument, for it is presumed that he would not have subscribed his -name to a false attestation. If upon due search and inquiry no one can be found who can prove his-handwriting, there is no doubt that resort may then be had to proof of the handwriting of the party who executed the instrument; indeed such proof may always be produced as corroborative evidence of its due and valid execution, though it is ,not, except uinder the limitations above suggested, primary .evidence. Whatever may. have been the origin of this rule, and in whatever reasons it may have been founded, it has been too long established to be disregarded; or to justify an inquiry into its original--correctness'
The rule was not complied with, in the case' at bar. The original instrument was not produced at the trial, nor the subscribing witnesses; and their non-production was -iot accounted for. The instrument purports to be an ancient one; but oo evidence was- offered in this stage of t6e cause to connect it with possession under it, so as to justify its 'admission as an ancient deed, without furiher proof; It is said that the conduct of the parties amounted to a waiver of the due proof of the original. ' We are of opinion that the production of the original was under the circumstances dispensed with by the parties, and that a: copy of it was impliedly a sented to as a substitute. for the original.-
But'we do not think that the implication, go-es- farther, and dlispenses with the ordinary proof oI'. the due- execution of the original, in the same manner as if the original were present. It would be going very far to draw such a conclusion, from circumstances of- so'equivoeal a nature, The°ruhe's of evidence are too important securities for the titles to property

JANUARY TERM 1831.
(Lessee of Clarkeet al.vs. Courtney et al.]
to allow such loose presumptions to prevail. It would be" opening a door to great praetical'inconvenience; and if a waiver of the ordinary-proof is intended, itis easily reduced to writing.
It is also said, that the language of the exception that the defendants gave testimony "conducing to prove" the instruments, may well be interpreted bythe court to have included all the usual preliminary proofs. We do *not think so: to juistify the admission of the lowest kind of secondary proof, it should clearly appear, that all the preliminary steps have been taken and established. The court can ptesume noihing; there may not have been any preliminary proof 'whatsoever of the absence, death, or .incapacity of the witnesses: and yet there 'may have been some evidence "cond u cing to prove" the due ,execution of the instruments. And the very circumstance stated in the bill of exception, that Miller was -introduced, "as a witness to prove: the letter of attorney," repels the presumption that any antecedent proof had heen given, which in pdirit of law dispensed with the ordinary proofs.
We think, then, that the testimony ought not to have. been admitted, and that this exception is well founded.
,The plaintiff having then given prima facie evidence of title under a patent to Martin -Pickett of fifty-five thousand three hundred and ninety acres, and that the defendants were -in possession of the ladd in controversy, and- that the lessor of the plaintiff (Clarke) at the date of his deed and ever since was, and had been a citizen and resident of the state of New York, and having relied solely on the demise from Clarke, the defendants offered in evidence certair exhibits. One of these purported to be 'a release of forty-nine thousand nine hundred and fifty-two acres, by CareyL. Clarke, as attorney for Jimes B. Clarke and John Bryant, on the.25th of November 1800o, acknowledged before the surveyor of Scott county, and afterwards lodged with the auditor of public accounts. It recited that James 13. Clarke and. Eleanor his wife, and John Bryant and Mary his wife, fiad appointed Carey L. Clarke their attorney to sell, transfer and convey a certain tract on the waters of Eagle Creek, in the county of Scott and state of Kentucky, containing one hundred thousand one hundred and
ninety-two acres, entered in the name of Martin., Pickett, VTOL. V -2-T

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Clarke et al.vs. Courtney et al.]
which tract of land was then held by Clarke and Bryant a tenants in common. It then proceeded to state "now, therefore, I the said Carey L. Clarke, attorney as aforesaid, in pursuance of an act of the legislature of the state of Kentucky, authorizing claimants of land within its commonwealth to relinquish by themselves or their attorneys, any part or parts of their claims to the commonwealth, do hereby relinquish to the commonwealth of Kentucky, all the right, title, interest, property, claim and demand of the said Clarke and Bryant of, in and to the hereinafter described tracts of land." Another exhibit purported to be a release dated on the 25th of November 1801, by Carey L. Clarke as attorney in fact of John Bryant in a similar form and containing a similar relinquishment to the state of certain tradts of land, except that the attestation clause was in these words: "in witness whereof the'said Bryant by Carey L. Clarke, his attorney, hath set his hand and seal this 25th of November 1801. John Bryant, by Carey L. Clarke his attorney, [L. s.]" The other exhibits need not be particularly mentioned.
To prove these instruments of relinquishment, or properly speaking, that of James B. Clarke and wife, the defendants relied upon the power of attorney mentioned in the former bill.of exceptions, and the original relinquishment from the auditor's oflice; and proved the execution thereof b the surveyor pf Scott county..
The plaintiff then moved the court to instruct the jury that the instrument [of relinquishment] under the proof, did not bind the 'plaintiff and could not bar his recovery. But the court overruled the motion, and instructed the jury that the -aid relinquishment for the forty-nine thousand nine hundred
Sfifty-two acres, if the execution'thereof was satisfactorily p oved, was a bar to the recoverye of all the land described in said relinquishment; and on motion of the defendants the court instrieted the jury, that if they believed the execution of the poweriof attorney from James B. Clarke to Carey L. Oldrke, and 6f the relinquishment in evidence [from Carey L. Clhrke as hig attorney of the date of 25th of November 1800], then it was- incumbent, on the plaintiff, to maintain this act!oni to show thdt the defendants, or some of them, were at the strice of the ejeetment outside of the several parts relinilgishodc to

JANUARY TERM 183t..
[Lessee of Clarke et a]. vs. Courtney et al.]
the state, The opinions thus given and refused constitutethe second bill of exceptions.
Various objections have been taken in the argument-at the bar upon the matter of these exceptions. It is said that the relinquishment to.'the state, which was authorized by the'act of 4th of December 1794, Littell's Laws of Kentucky-222, has not been made in such'a manner as to become effectual-in point of law; for there has been no entry of th6 relinquishment in a book in the surveyor's ofice of the county, as prescribed in the statute, nor has the power of attorney been there recorded; and 'the state cannot t4e hut by matter of re-
cord.- Upon this objection it is not, in our viewof the case, necessary to giye any opinion.
It is said, in the next place, that the relinquishment purports to have been made in virtue of a power of attorney recited in the instrument itself to be from James B. Clarke and his, wife, and John Bryant and his wife; whereas the power produced. purports to be from Clarke and his wife only, and therefore the latter power does not authorize- the relin'quishment, or, in other -words, it was not that under which it was made. There. is great .force in this objection; but on-this also we do not-decide.
Another objection is that the power of ittorney produced, even if duly executed, does not justify the relinquishment. It purports to authorize Carey L. Clarke. "to sell, dispose of, contract and- bargain for'all or.so much of said tract of land, &c., and'to such.person, or persons, and at such time or'timies as he shall think proper, and in"our or one of our names to enter info; acknowledge and execute all such deeds, contracts and'bargains for the sale bf the same, as he shall think proper; providedt always that all-deeds for the land are to be without covenants of warranty, or coven nts warranting the.title to the land from the patentee) and his assigns," &c.
The'language here used is precisely that which would be used in cases of intended sales or contracts of sale of the land-fora valuable consideration to third persons, in the ordinary course of business. In the 'strict sense of the term, a relinquishment of the lands to the state under the act of 1794 is not a sale.. That act,. after reciting that it is'represented to the general assembly that many persons hold tracts of land

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Clarke et a]. vs. Courtney et al.]
'subject to taxation, and are desirous of -continuing their interest in only- port thereof, and that others have 'claims to lands which they wish to relinquish without their being subjbct to the expehse of law suits; proceeds to enact, that iLshall be lawful for any person or persons, his heir or their agent or, "attorney, lawfully authorized so to do, to relinquish or disclaim his, her, or their title, 'interest or claim to and in any tract or part of a tract, of' land that he, she or they may think proper; by making an entry of the tract or -that part thereof so disclaimed with the surveyor of the county in which the land or the greater part thereof shall lie, in. a book to be kept for that purpbse, which-said entry shalldescribe the situation and boundary of the land disclaimed with certainty, and be signed by the party in the presence of the surveyor, who shall attest the same; and that by virtue of the aforesaid entry and disclaimer, all the interest of the party ih the said tract shall be vested in the commonwealth, and shall never be reclaimed by the'party, or his, her, or-their representatives. The: object of the act is to authorize a relinquishmerit, either on account of the land being subject to taxation, or to award law suits on account of conflicting claims.
It is not pretended-that the present relinquishment would have been authorized by the letter of attorney on the latter account. It is supposed at the bar to have been done on account of the taxes due on the land, though that object is not avowed on the face of the deed. There is, accordingly, spread upon the record a-transcript of the taxes laid on the land. By the laws of Kentucky (Act of 1799, s. 17, 2 Litt. L. 327), taxes c6nstitute a perpetual lien on the land. But such taxes constitute no personal charge against non-residents. And the-act of 1799 further provides, that Where any person has paidi or shall on or before the first day of December then next, the tax on any tract of land w41ch shall afterwards be lost or relinquished, the person losing shall, upon application to the auditor, receive an audited warrant to the amount paid by hin, with a deduction of seven and P half per cent, which shall be receivable in taxes as other audited warrants are.
The effect of the Kentucky laws, then, so far as non-resi-, dents are concerned, is, that by their relinquishment they obtain no personal discharge from any personal charge; and fhat

- JANUARY TERM 1831.
ILessce 6f Clarke et al.vs. Courtney et al.)
'the only effect ii that in the specified cases, if they bave'paid the taxes, they are, with a small deduction, reimbused.
In point of fact, then, the relinquishment giveg therri nothing-as a compensaiion for the land; bui restores back again only the money (if any). Which they have paid. Can such a. relinquishment, for the purposes contemplated by the statute, be in any just sense deemed-a sale? We think -not It is a mere -abandonment of the title; or,,in The language of the a@. a relinquishment or disclaimer. The letter of attorney manifestly contemplated the ordinary contracts oi bargain and sale between private persons, for a valuable consideration; and conveyance by deed without covenants of warranty. The very reference to covenants, shows that,the parties had in view. the common course of conveyances, in which covenants of title are usually inserted, and the clause excludes them. The statute does not contemplate any deed or conveyance; buta mere entry of relinquishment or disclaimer of record. This entry constitutes a good title in the state. The-state doesnot buy., nor does the party sell in such case. It seems'to, us that the nature of such a relinquishment, amounting; as it does, ta a surrender of title without any valuable consideration, ought not to be inferred from any words however general, much less from words so appropriate to cases of "mere private sales
as those in the present letter of attorney. The question whether such a -relinquishment should be maxe or not, is so emphatically a matter of pure discretion in the owner, in the nature of a donation, that it ought not to be presumed to be delegated to another without the most explicit words used for, and appropriate to, such a purpose. We think that the words. of the present letter of attorney are not sufficient to clothe,the agent with such an authority.
But if this objection were not insuperable, there is another, which, though apparently of a technical nature, is fatal to the relinquishment. It is, that the deed is. not executed in the namesot Clarke and his wife, but by the attorney, in his'own name. It is not, then, the deed of the principals, but the deed of the attorney. The language is, "I, the said Carey L. Clarke, attorney qs aforesaid," &e. "do hereby relinquish," &c.; and the attesting clause is, "II n witness whereof the"said Carey L. Clarke, attorney as aforesaid, hashereunto subscribed

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Clarke et al. vs. Courtney et al.]
his hand and seal, this 25th day of'November, inthe -yearof our Lord 1800. Carey L. Clarke. [L. S.]"
The act does not therefore purport to be the act of the priticipals, but of the attorney. It is his deed, and his seal, and not theirs. This may savour of refinement, since it is apparent that the party intended to pass the interest and title of hii principals. But the law looks not to the intent alone, but to the fact whether that intent has been exectdted in such a manner as to possess a legal validity.
The leading case on thi subject is Coombe's case, 9 Co. R. 75, where authority was given by a copy holder to two persons as his attorneys, to surrender ten acres of. pasture to the use of J.N.; and afterwards, at a manor court they surren-" dered the same, and the entry on the.court roll was, that the said attorneys in the same court showed the writing aforesaid, bearing date, &c. and they, by virtue of the authority to them by the said letter of attorney given, in full court, surrendered into the hands of the said lord the said ten,acres of~pastur.e, to the use of the said J. N. &c.; and the question was whether thie surrender wasgood or not, and the court held it was good. cAnd it was resolved, that when any has authority as attorney to do any act, lie ought to do itin his name who gives the authority, for-he appoints the attorney to be in his place, and to represent his person; and therefore the attorney cannotdo it in,his own name, nor as his proper act, but in the name and as the act of him wjao gives the authority. And where it was objected that in the case at bar the attorneys have made the surrender'in their owi name, for the entry is that they surrendered, it was answered and resolved by.the whole court, that they have well performed their authority; for, first, they showed their letter of attorney, and.then they by the.authority to them by the letter of attorney given, surrendered, &c.whicl is as much as to say, as if they had said, we, as attorneys, &cP,-arender, &c.and both these ways are sufficient. As he who bas a letter of attorney to deliver seisin saith, 1,as attorney to 3. S. deliver you seisin; or, 1, by force of this letter of attorney,-deliver you seisin: And all that is well done, and a good pursuance of his authority. But if attorneys have power by writing to make leases by indenture for years, &c. they cannot make indentures in their own names, but in the name of hint whq gives the warrant."

JANUARY TERM 1831.
tLessee of Clarke eta). us. Courtney et al.]
Such is the language of the report, and it has been quotecI at large, because it has been much commented on at the bar; and it points out a clear distinction between acts done in pais, and.solemn instruments-or deeds, as to the mode of their execution by an attorney. It has been supposed that the doctrine of Lord Holt in Parker vs. Kett, 1 Salk. 95, and better reported in 2 Mod. R. 466, intimated a different opinion. But correctly considered it is not so. Lord Holt expressly admits (468), that the doctrine in-Coombe's case, that he who acts under another ought to act in his name, is good law beyond dispute: and the case there was distinguishable; for it was the case of a sub-deputy steward, appointed to receive a surrender, which was an act in pais. However this may be, it is certain that Coombe's case has never been departed from, and has often been acted upon as good law. In Frontin vs. Small, 2 Ld. Raym. 1418, where a lease was made between M. F. "cattorney of T. F." of the one part, and the defendant of the other part, of certain premises for seven years, in a suit for rent by M. F., it was held that the lease was void for the very reason assigned in Coombe's case. Lord chief baron Gilbert (4 Bac. Abridg. Leases and Terms for years, I. 10, 140),.has expounded the reaons of the doctrine with great .clearness and force; and it was fully recognized in White vs. Cuyler, 6 T. Rep. 176, and Wilks vs. Back, 2 East. 142. If it were -necessary it might easily be traced back to aq earlier period. than Coombe's case. 4 Bac. Abridg. Leases and Terms for years, I. 10, 140, 141. Com. Dig. Attorney, C. 14. Moore, 70. In America, it has been repeatedly the subject of adjudication, and has received a judicial sanction. The cases Qf -Bogart vs. De Bussy, 6 Johns. R. 94; Fowler vs. Shearer, 7Mass, R. 14; and ElwelI vs. Shaw, 16 Mass. R. 425 are -directly in point.
It appears to us, then, upon the grounds of these authoritie. , that the deed of relinquishment to the state was inoperative; and consequently-the court erred in refusing the instruction prayed by-the plaintiff, that it did not bind him; and" in directing the jury, that if the execution of it was proved, it was a bar to the recovery of the land described therein.
This aspect of the case renders it unnecessary to decide whether, supposing the relinquishment good, it was-incumbent

SUPREME COURT.
ELessee of Clarke et a]v.s. Courtney et al.]
on the plaintiff to'show that'the possession of the defendants, or some of them, was-at the time of the service, of the ejectment outside of the land relinquished. That point was before us in j-awkins vs.Barney's Lessee, at this terini; and it was there decided that vhere the plaintiff's title deed, as exhibited by himself, contains an exception, and shows that he has conveyed a part of the tract of land to a third person, and it is uncertain whether the. defendants are in possession of the land not conveyed, the onus probandi is on the plaintiff. -Iere the deed of relinquishment ig exhibited on the part of the defendants to dispute the plaintiffs' title to the land possessed by them; and it has been contended that,this creates a distinction, and throws the burthen of proof on the defendants to show that the plaintiff has parted with his title, to the particular land in contrbversy. The case, however, does not call for any abso-lute decision on this point; nor does it appear with certainty from the evidence, lhat' the relinquished land was within the boundaries of the land in controversy in the suit.
The third bill of exception' states, that on the trial of -the cause, the plaintiff having. given in evidence the patent to Pickett, and by mesne conveyances to Clarke the lessor of~the plaintiff, and proved that Clarke at the date thereof and ever since was resident in the state of-New York, and that the title deeds embrace the land in controversy, and that the defendants were all in possession at the commencement of the suit, after thA defendants had given in evidence the deed of relinquishment, and the court had given the instructions thereon; gave testimony conducing to prove th't some of-the defendants, viz. Hinton, Hughes, Vance, Gillum, Antle, Sally, Courtney, &c. were not within-the limits set forth in the relinquishment. and these defendants all relying in their defence upon their possession, they gave in evidence a patent to James Gibson, 1st of Maich 1793, under a survey of 1783, and a patent to Sterrett and Grant 24th'of October 1799 under a survey in 1792 (reciting them), and gave testimony conducing to prove that Sally, Courtney, &c. were within the boundaries prescribed by the patent of Grant and Sterrettf; and Hinton, Hughes, Gillum,'Vance and Antle, were within 'the bounds of the patent to Gibson: and touching the possession within Gibson's patent, the -witness stated that in 1796,

JANUARY TERM 1831.
ELessee of Clarke et a]. vs. Courtney et a]
Hinton entered within the patent of Gibson, claiming a part of the tract under that grant, and that the tenement has been occupied ever since; and at subsequent periods the other tenants claiming under the said Hinton, had settled in the same manner under other parcels, claimed by them as parts of Hinton's purchase; and from the time of their respective settlements, their possession had been continued The witness knew not the extent or boundary of any of the purchases, and no title papers were produced.
And touching the possession within tbe patent to Sterrett and Grant, the witness stated that in 1791 or 1792, Griffin Taylor entered under that patent, that the tenements hive been still occupied by Taylor and his alienees; and at periods subsequent, the other tenants had entered and. taken possession, claiming under the said Taylor, within the limits of the patent to Sterrett and Grant. No written evidences of purchase were offered.
Thereupon the plaintiff moved the court to instruct the jury: 1. That the possession of these defendants, was no bar to the defendants' action: 2. That the statute'of limitation could only protect the defendants to the extent, that they had actually enclosed their respective tenements, and had occupied for twenty years preceding the commencement of the. suit. The court overruled the motion, and instructed the jury that adverse possession was a question of fact; that under the adverse patents given in evidence, it was not necessary to show a paper title derived under those 'adverse grants, to make out adverse possession; but such hostile possession might be proved by parol. That an entry under one of the junior grants given in evidence by the defendants, and within the boundaries of the elder grant, without any specific metes and bounds, otherthan the abuttals of the grant itself, did constitutean adverse possession, to the whole extent of the abuttals and boundaries under which such entry was made. To this refusal and opinion the plaintiff excepted; and the question now is, whether the court erred in either respect.
In considering the points growing out of.this exception, it may be proper to advert to the doctrine which has been already established in respect to the nature and extent of the rights, growing out of adverse possession. Whether an entry
VOL. V.-2 T1

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Clarke et a]. ts. Courtney et W.]
upon land, to w.ch the party has no title and elaigs no title, be a mere naked trespass, or began ouster or disseisin of the true.owner, previously in possession of thb land; is a matter of fact depending upon the nature of the acts done, and te. intent of the party so entering. · The law will not presume an ouster without some proof; and though a mere trespasser cannot qualify his own wrong; and the owner may, for the sake of the remedy, elect to consider himself disseised; yet the latter is not bound to consider a mere act of trespass to be a disseisin. If a mere trespasser, without any claim Or pretence .of title enters into land, and holds the same adversely to the title of the true owner, it is an ouster or disseisin of the latter. But in such case the possession of the trespasser is bounded -by his actual occupancy; and coniequently the true owner is not disseised except as to the portion so occupied. But where a person enters into land undera deed or title, his possession is construed to be co-extensive with. his deed or title; and although the deed or title may turn out to be defective, or void, yet the true owner will be deemed disseised to the extent of the boundaries of such deed or title. This, however, is subject to some qualification. For, if the true owner be at the same time in possession of a part of the land, claiming title to'the whole; then his seisin extends by construction 6f law to all the land which is not in the actual possession and occupancy, by enclosure or otherwise, of the party so claiming under a defective deed or title.
The reason is plain; both parties cannot be seised at the same -time of the same land under different titles, and the law therefore adjudgesthe seisin of all, which is not in the actual occupancy of the-adverse party, *tohim who has the better title. This doctrine has been on several occasions recognized in this court. In Green vs. Liter, 8 Cranch, 229, 230, S. C. 3 Peters's Cond. Rep. 97, 107,.the court said; the general rule is, that if a man enters into lands, having title, his seisin is not bounded by his
occupancy, but is held to be co-extensive with his title. But if a man enters without.title, his seisin is confined to his possession by metes and bounds. Therefore the court said that ,as between two patentees in possession claiming the same land under adverse titles, he who had the better legal title was to be deemed in seisin of all the land not included in the actual close of the other patentee.. The same doctrine was held in

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Lessee of Clarke et al. ws.Coutey et al.]
Barr vs Gratz, 4 Wheat. Rep. 213,223; where the court said, that where two persons are in possession of land at the same time under different titles, the law adjudges him to have the seisin of the estate who has the better title. Both cannot be seised, and therefbre the seisin follows the title. And that where there was an entry without title, the disseisin is -limited to the actual occupancy of the party disseising; and in reference to the facts of that case, the court held that in a conflict of title and possession, the constructive actual seisin of all the land not in the actual adverse possession and occupancy of the other, was in the party.having the better title.
In the society for propagating the Gospel vs. The Town of Pawlet, 4 Peters's Rep.. 480, 504, 506, which came before the court upon a division of opinion upon a state of facts agreed; the court held, that where a party entered as a mere trespasser without title, no ouster could be ptesumed in favour of such a naked possession; but that where a party entered under a title adverse to the plaintiffs, it was an ouster of, or adverse possession to the true owner.
It appears to us also that the doctrines, thus recognized by this court, are in harmony with those established by the authority of other courts; and especially of the courts of Kentucky, in the cases cited at the bar.' Johnson's Digest, Ejectment V, b. Big.'s Dig. Seisin ,and Disseisin in A, B, C, D.
It remains to apply these questions to the present exception. The court was called upon in the first instruction to declare that the possession of the defendants was no bar to the action. This obviously required the court to give an opinion upon matters of evidence proper for the consideration of the jury, and which might be fairly open to controversy before them. It was therefore properly denied. The second instruction required the court to declare that the statute of limitations could only protect the defendants to the extent that [they] had actuilly enclosed their respective tenements, and occupied for. twenty years preceding the commencement of the suit. The difficulty upon this instruction is, that no evidence was adduced; or, if adduced, it was not competent for the court to decide upon it, that either Pickett, the patentee, or the lessor of the plaintiff, at 'the time of the entry and ouster by the defendants, had any actual seisim or possession of any part of the land included irf

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Clarke et al. vs. Courtney et al.]
the, patent; so as to limit their possession to the bounds of their actual enclosures or occupancy. The entry of the defendants was certainly under a claim of title under the patents of Gibson, and Steirett, and Grant. If Pickett, or his grantees, were then in possession under his patent, the defendants, upon the principles already stated, would have been limited, as to their adverse possession, to the bounds of their actual occupancy. But that not being shown, the question resolves itself into this, whether a party entering into land under a patent, but without showing a paper title to any particular portion of the land included in that patent, is not to be deemed as claiming to the abuttals of the patent, against adverse titles held' by other parties, not then in seisin or possession under their titles.
The opinion of the circuit court was (as the instruction given shows), "that adverse possession was a question of fact;" (which might be true, as applicable to the case before it, though it is often a mixed question of law and of fact;) "that under the adverse patents given in evidence, it was not necessary to snow a paper title, under those adverse grant§;-o make out -adverse possession, but that such hostile possessions might be proved by arol" (which, as a g4nera proportion, is .certainly true, as adverse possession may exist independent of title); and what is the material part of the instruction "that an entry under one of the junior grants given in evidence by the defendants, and within the boundaries of the elder grant of Pickett, made by one claiming under such< junior grant without any specific metes and bounds, other than the abuttals of tMe grant itself, did constitute an adverse possession to the whole. extent of the abuttal and boundaries, under which the entry was made." The prayer of the plaintiffs then was, or might have been rejected; because it assumed the decision of a question of fact; that is, that the de' .ndants entered without any claimof title by metes and bounds: and the instruction given was, that an entry under the junior grants by one claiming under them by no other abuttals than those of the grants, was to. be deemed an entry and adverse possession, to the extent of those abuttals. -This decision is fully supported by the cases in 2 Marsh. Kent. Rep. 18, and 1 Marsh. Kent. Rep. 376.
Looking, therefore, to the instruction in the qualified manner in which it is given, and with reference to the fact that no

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Lessee of Clarke et al. vs. Courtney et al.]
seisin was shown in Pickett, or the lessors of the-plaintiff, in any part of the tract included in his patent, at the time of the entry of the defendants; it seems to us, that, according to the local decisions, the refusal was right, and the instruction given was correct in point of law.
We think it proper to add, that no notice has been taken of the fact that Clarke, the lessor of the plaintiff, was a non.-risident; because it does not appear that any of the instructions were asked or given, in reference to the legal effort of his nonresidence.
The judgment- isitherefore, reversed for the errors stated in the first add second bills of exceptions; and the cause remanded to the circuit court, with directions to award a venire facias de novo.
Mr Justice BAxwIN dissented as to the possession.
This cause came on, &c. It is considered by the court here that therewas error in the circuit court in admitting the testimony of Moses L. Miller under the circumstances set forth in the first bill of excelitions. And that there was error in the circuit court in refusingto instrbct the jury upon the motion of the plaintiff, that the instrument stated in the second bill of exceptions, under the proof, did not bind the plaintiff, and could not bar his recovery; and in instructing the jury that the relinquishment stated in the same bill 6f exceptions for 49,952 acres, if the execution thereof was satisfactorily proved, was a bar to the recovery of allthe land described in said relinquishment, as set forth in the same bill of exceptions. But there is no error in the court in refusing to instruct the jury on the motion of the plaintiff, that the possession of the defendants was no bar to the plaintiff's action; and that the statute of limitations could only protect the defendants to the extent that (they) had actually enclosed their respective tenements, and occupied for twenty years preceding the commencement of the suit, as set forth in the third bill of exceptions; and that there was no error in the court in giving the instruction to the jury, set forth in the same bill of exceptions, in the manner and under the circumstances therein set forth. And, &c.

SUPREME COURT.
JouL R. LIvINGSTON, PLINTIVF IN ERROR VS. MOSES SMITE,
DEFENDANT IN ERROR.
Insufficient, and defective pleading. A sheriff, having a writ of foreign attachment issued according to the hws of
New Jersey, proceeded to levy the same on the property ot the defendant in the attachment. After the attachment was issued) the plalnliff took the promissory notes of the defendant for his debt payahl at a inture time. bit no notice of this adjustment ofthe claim of the plaintiffiwas given to tht sheriff, nor was the suit on which the attachment issued discontinued. Th defendant brought replevin for the property attached, the sheriff having refused to redeliver it. Held, that the sheriffwas not responsible for levying the attachment for the debt so satisfied, or for refusing to redeliver the property attached. A previous attachment issued under the law of New Jeisey of property as the right of another, could not divest the interest of the actual owner of the property in the same; so as to prevent the shwitfattachiing the same property under a writ of attachment issued for a debt of the same actual owner.
ERROR to the circuit court of the district o1 New Jersey. In the circuit court of the. United States for the district of New Jersey, John R. Livingston instituted an action of replevin against Moses Smith, the defendant in error, "for that he, Moses Smith, on the 2d of November 1826, at the township of Newark in the county of Essex and -tate of New Jersey, took the goods and chattels of the plaintiff in the replevin," "to wit, the steamboat Sandusky, her engines, &c.,"1 and unjustly detains them, &c.
To the declaration, the defendant, Smith, pleaded property in Robert Montgomery Livingston, at the time of the taking; and also made cognizance or avowry as follows:
First. 'That the goods and chattels mentioned in the declaration, Were taken -by him on the 4th November 1826, as sheriff of the county of Essex, under a writ of attachment issued out of the court of common pleas of the county, at the suit of James W. Higgins against John R. Livingston; and that the goods were detained by him until they were replevied by the plaintiff in this suit, on'the 13th of November -1826, be-' fone the return gf the writ.
Second. That, as sheriff, he took the same goods and chattels on the 2d November 1826, under a like writ of attach-

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Livingston'vs. Smith.]
ment at the suit of James W. Higgins against Robert M. Livingston; in whose possession they then were.
To the first cognizance, the plaintiff, John R. Livingston, pleaded that after the taking of the goods, and before the commencement of this suit, on the 29th November 1826, on accounting with Higgins, he was found indebted to him in the sum of eight hundred and ninety-six dollars, the debt for which the attachment had issued; and on the 1st of April 1827, he tendered to Higgins the said sum of money, which he received in full satisfaction of the same; and upon the return of the attaclrment there were no further proceedings thereon by Higgins or by any other person; and by means thereof, according to the practice of the court, the writ of attachment was ended, &c.
The second plea stated, that before the commencement of this suit, and before the return of the attachment, on the 29th November 1826,he, John R. Livingston, delivered to Higgins, the plaintiff. in the attachment, two promissory notes for the whole amount of the debt due to him, payable at three and four months, which were paid by him according to the tenor thereof.
The third plea set forth, that before the appointment of any auditors under the attachment, on the 9th of January 1828, the plaintiff, Higgins, voluntarily discontinued the same of record.
Fourth :plea. That the goods, at the time they are supposed to be attached as the property of John R. Livingston, at the suit of Higgins, aiid until they were replevied, were in the possession of the defendant as sheriff under an attachment against Robert M. Livingston at the suit of the same Higgins.
To the second cognizance, the plaintiff, John R. Living-
st6n, pleaded, First. That the property, when attached, was not in tlie
possession of the said liobert M. Livingston, as is alleged by the said second cognizance.
Second. That the property, when attached, was in-John R. Livingston; and traverses the property being in Robert M. Livingston.
To the firsfplea to the first cognizance, the defendant, Smith, demurred, gad showed for cause,

SUPREME-COURT.
[Livingston vs. Smith.]
First. That the tender to, and acceptance by Higgins, of the money in satisfaction of the debt, after the commencement of the action of .replevin, and before the attachment was discontinued. Second, that the plea is argumentative.
To the second pla .to the first cognizance, the defendant, Smith, also demurred, and showed for cause, First. That the notes stated in the plea were to be in satisfaction of the debt; yet it is not shown by the plea that the notes were paid off before the commencement of the suit. Second. That it does not appear by the plea, that the plaintiff was entitled to a return or redelivery of the goods. Third. That the matters in ihe plea are immaterial.
To the third plea to the first cognizance, the defeildant demurred, and showed for cause, First. Because it appeared that when th6 replevin was sued out, the attachment was in full force. And second. That the matters set forth therein do not maintain the count. To the fourth plea there was a general demurrer.
To the first plea to the second cognizance the defendant demurred, and showed for cause, that the matters are unintelligible, uncertain, insufficient, irrelative and informal; and be put in a general demurrer. The plaintiff joined in each demurrer.
The case was argued for the plaintiff in error by Mr Frelinghuysen; and by Mr Coxe for the defendant.
Mr Frelinghuysen said, the principal question in the case was, whether the creditors of Robert Montgomery Livingston could set up the attachment against John R. Livingston which has been discontinued ; the debt for which it issued having been paid.
The defence of the sheriff Moses Smith presents two writs of attachment, one against John R. Livingston, the other against Robert M. Livingston ; and if he does not justify under one of these writs, the judgment of the circuit court must be reversed.
The attachment against 'Robert M. Livingston was the first. It was issued on the 2d of November: and that against John R. Livingston on the 4th of November.
This constitutes, the first ground of exception. The first

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Livingston vs. Smitb.]
attachment was a proceeding against the steamboat Sandusky, alleging her to belong to.Robert M. Livingston. The property was then ,in the custody of the ]aw, to answer to James W. Higgins, and all the other creditors of the *defendant in the attachment, according to the provisions of 'the attachment law of New Jersey. James V. Higgins could not afterwards, on the 4th of November, proceed by attachment against the same property, under the allegation that it belonged to another person. There would be an inconsistency in the two proceedings which could not be reconciled. Two sets of auditors would have the distribution of the proceeds of the attachment. Revised Laws of New Jersey, 355. In this view of the ]a%, the attachment against the Sandusky, as the property of John R. Livingston, was invalid. Cited 3 Mass. Rep. 289. 5 Mass. 319. 7 Mass. 271. 8 Mass. 246. 1 Shower, 174. 4 T. R. 651. 3 Mass. 295.
2. As to the matters set up under the second attachment, they canot avail, as that proceeding was at an end by tho adjustment of the claim of the plaintiff in the same.
On the 29th day of November Mr Livingston accounted with James V. Higgins, and gave him two notes for the balance due to hinr on a final settlement. All this was done'before the replevin issued, and it is a full and sufficient answer to the defence set up by the sheriff.
The law of New Jersey requires that the debt for which the attachment issues shall be due and payable at the time of the issuing of the writ. The taking of the notes payable at a future and distant date, was an extinguishment of the right to continue the attachment. It was a withdrawal of the suit. It is not necessary that there should have been a formal dis'continuance. 2 Chitty on Plead. 246. Archbold'Ts.Practice," 123, 329, 330. It was not in the powcr of Mr Livingston t6 disconitinue, or compel the plaintiff to do so. All that.was in his power he did, by takidg away the right of the-plaintiff to prosecute the suit.
3. What is the operation of the writ of attachment agdinst
Robert Montgomery Livingston? It is said this attachment put the property in the custody of
the law; and that it must remain so. This principle applies to the defendant in the attachmebt, but not to third persons,

SUPREME COURT.
'Livlngston -vs. Smith.]
4. As to the objection that replevin will only apply where there is a tortious taking. It is admitted that this is the law in some of the states, but.'not in all. In Massachusetts re-
levin-is a remedy for a lawful taking, where the detainer is contrary to law. 15 Mass. 359. 16 Mass. 147. 17 Mass. 606. 14,Johns. 84. Kirby, 275. This is also the law in Pennsylvania. 1 Dall. 156. If the sheriff in an attachment. against A. takes the property of B. he is a tortious taker. 14 Johtis. 84. And these cases are in accordance with the terms of the law of New Jersey, which authorizes replevin for a wrongful detainer. I Revised Laws of New Jersey, 212. In Virginia, replevin would be the appropriate remedy. 1Wash. Rep. 92. Cited also 3B1. Com. 145,151. Cited also, I Paine, 620. 20 John. 465. The writ of attachment being irregular against John R. Livingston, the execution of it was a tortious taking by the sheriff; no authority beidig lawfully delegated to him for the purpose. The sheriff's jury,' which by the attachment law may be called by- the sheriff on a question of property, is for the protection of the officer. If the property is. found to belong to the defendant in the attachment, it does rot preclude the claimants from disputing the right of the defendants; but the sheriff is protected from vindictive damages. This has been th&uniform decision of the state courts of New Jersey. The law of' New Jersey corresponds with the principles. of the English decisions. Rev. Laws of N. Jersey,
357, § 14. Cited also 2 H. B1. 47. 3 Maule and Selwyn,
175 6 T, R. 88.
Mr Coxe, for the defendant in error; made the following points: First. The matters contained the several pleas, pleaded to the first cognizance, do not constitute any bar to the same. Second. A defendant, whose goods have been taken in execution, or under an attachment against him, can never have replevin against the sheriff for the goods so taken. Third. Replevin 'will not lie, except in cases of tortious or wrongful taking; whereas, in this case, the goods were taken underthe authority of a court of competent jurisdiction, and were at the time in the chstody of the law. Fourth. Admitting, however, that an officer, who has lawfully-seized goods, may, by a subsequent abuse of them, or by unlawfully detaining them, become a trespasser ab inilioq,.and so liable

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Livingston vs. Smith.]
to trespass or replevin, yet in this case the plaintiff has no such ground of action. Fifth. Payment and satisfaction to Higgins, the plaintiff in attachment, either before or afte the return of the writ, would not) under the statute of New Jersey, authorize the sheriff to deliver up the goods, unless the suit was discontinued of record ; and consequently, until then, at least, replevin could not be brought. Sixth. Admitting, however, that after payment and satisfaction to the plaintiff in attachment, the defendant in attachment might bring replevin against the sheriff, yet it does not appear by the pleadings in this case, that any such previous payment was made; but, on the contrary,. it does appear, that tre writ of replevin was served on the 30th of November 1826, and the payment to Higgins was not made till the 1st of April 1827.. Eighth. Admitting that, after a regular discontinuance of the attachment, the defendant in attachment may have replevin against the sheriff for his goods, yet in this case the replevin was sued out on or before the 30th of April 1826, and the attachment was not discontinued of record until the 7th of January 1828.
As to the pleas to the second .cognizance: First. Under' the attachment law of New Jersey, good may be attached, though-not in the possession of the defen dant in attachment at the tine. Second. If a stranger claims property in the goods attached, he has a remedy under the fourteenth section of the statute of New Jersey for the relief of creditors against absent and absconding debtors. Third'. A proceeding by attachment in Neiv Jersey is a proceeding in rem. In such cases, it is the possession and control of the property that gives jurisdiction t' the court; and it cannot be deprived of its jurisdiction by a co-ordinate or concurrent tribunal, proceeding collaterally and taking the property out of its possession. Mr Coxe cited 1 Peters's C. C. R. 245. 1 Paine, 620, 625. Gelston vs. Hoyt, 3 Wheat. 312. 3 Dall. 188. Holt, 643. 1 Shower, 174. Gilbert on Re~levin, 166. 1 _Mason,322. 5 Mass. 283. 6 Binn. 2. 21Wheaton'sSelwyn, 896. 10 Johns. 373. 7 Johns. 143. 14 Johns. 84. Bro. Abr. Replevin, pl. 15, pI. 39, pi.. 36. Roll's Abr. Replevin, B. 2

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston vs. Smith.]
Mr Justice JOHNSToN' delivered the opinion of the Court. The facts and merits of this case lie in a very narrow compass. The action is replevin, sued out of the circuit court of the United States for the district of New Jersey. The case presented by the pleadings is this. In the year 1827, one Higgins sued out several attachments in the state court, both against this plaintiff and one R. M. Livingston. Smith is sheriff of the state and, as such, on the 2d of November, he arrested a steamboat, as the property of R. M. Livingston; and again, on the 4th of the same month, he seized the same boat as the property of this plaintiff, J. R. Livings. ton. J. R. Livingston, being a citizen of-New York, brings this iuit in a court of the United States, and counts in the ordinary form of the declaration in replevin. Smith avows and justifies under the two attachments; and Livingston, in a variety of replications, seeks to repel this justification: 1. On the plea of payment to the plaintiff in attachment subsequent to the attachment; but without notice to the sheriff Smith, or any averment of discontinuance other than what may be gathered from facts stated from which a discontinuance might have been matter of deduction or inference. This plea is certainly insufficient in matter, and defective in form. 2. On the plea qoB an accord made prior to the suit; by which it was agreed~by Higgins to receive certain promissory notes, which, whenpaid,should be in full satisfaction of the debt, which notes were duly paid at maturity.' On this plea there has been some difference of opinion: but besides that it does not aver an agreement to discontinue, adpiitting that, as against the plaintiff in the attachment, it would- have been a good defence;. the question still recurs, can a sheriff, without notice, be responsible for levying an attachment on a satisfied debt, or for not redelivering the property attached, without a discontinuance, or at least notice, of the satisfaction? We say nothing of the rights or remedies-of the defendant in attachment against the plaintiff: the question here is, whether the sheriff, under such circumstances, is not

JANU.ARY TERM 1831.
[Livingston vs. Smith.]
warranted by his writ in proceeding to act. ' How can he undertake to decide the question of liability betwee n the parties; or what security has he against the plaintiff, should he act erroneously in not pursuing the* exigehces of his writ? No question of property is here raised between him and the defendant; for the levy and detention and plea, all affirm the property to be in the defendant in attachment.
This plea, therefore, makes out. no cause of action. 3. On the plea of a discontinuance of record; but this is obviously and radically insuffipient, since the date of the discontinuance is expressly subsequent to the institution of the suit. This is admitting that there was no cause of action at the time of its institution. It does not raise the question whether a subsequent unlawful act may not make the sheriff a trespasser ab initlo; nor whether replevin, may not be brought for unlawful detention as well as unlawful taking; since in either case the cause of action must precede its institution. 4. On the plea that the .goods, when attached as the property of this plaintiff, were in fact in possession of he sheriff under the attachment against R. M. Livingston, and the levy made thereon two days previous. But what cause of' actioa does this make out for this plaintiff? If they were t&h'e property of another, he*has nothing to complain of: and if they were iis, there was the attachment against himself to justifjr
the taking. A previous attachment, as the right of another, could not divest his interest; and the property being in the hands of the sheriff as his bailee, or to his use, could not divest the *heriff of the right to seize or detain it under a writ against him.
These remarks dispose of the pleas to the first cognizance. To the second, the plaintiff relies on the pleas,
1. That the property was not at the time of the attachment
levied in the possession of R. M. Livingston. But this is certainly tendering an immaterial issue; since it
matters not in whose possession the property is found, if the' taking be otherwise rightful.
2. That the property was his own at the time it was attached as the property of R. M. Livingston, and not the property of R. M. Livingston. And this plea probably presents the only question intended by the suit: but unfortunately it comes
VOL. V.-N

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston vs. Smith.]
embarrassed with circumstances which render it impossible to consider the merits in this-suit. Had this plaintiff taken measures to disembarrass his case of the attachment against himslf, before he brought suit; the defendant must have met him upon the question of property. But this plea does noi go to the whole justification, since, admitting the truth of it, it still leaves property liable to the attachment against himself
To this must be added a defect in confining, the language of the -traverse to the interest of R. M. Livingston; since the right of the plaintiff generally, and not as against R. M. Livingston alone, was. necessary to maintain his action.
These views of the subject render it unnecessary to examine the mere general question made upon the relation in which-these two courts stand to each other; and we only notice it to avoid any misapprehension that might possibly occur from passing it over unnoticed.
Upon the whole, the majority of the court are of opinion that the demurrers were rightly sustained; and the judgment below is affirmed with costs.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the ciTcuit court of the -United States for the district of New Jersey, and was argued by counsel. On coifsideration whereof, it is considered, ordered and adjudged by this court that the judgment of the said circuit court in this cause be and the same is hereby affirmed with costs.

SUPREME COURT.
ELISHA R. POTxER, APPELLANT VS. HANNAH GADNER AND
OTHERS.
Appeal from the decree of the circuit court of Rhode Island, on the report of the master, made*upon a reference to him of th decree of this court, in the case of Potter vs. Gardner, reported in 12 Wheaton's Reports, 498.
APPEAL from the circuit court for the district of Rhode Island.
The facts of the case are fully slated in the opinion of the court.
The cause was argued by Mr Pearce, for the appellants; and by I Bridgham and Mr Webstee for the appellees.
Mr Justice M'LEAx delivered the opinion of the Court. This is a.suit in chancery, brought by Potter, the appellant, from a decree of the circuit court in Rhode Island. The controversy arises out of the following decree of this court,- between -the same parties, in 1827; and reported in 1-2 Wheat. 498. "On consideration 'whereof, this court is of opinion, that there is error in so much of the decree of the circuit court, as subjects Elisba!R. Potter to the payment of a larger sum of money than now remains in is hands, of the original purchase money, added to the sum he has applied to the payment of the debts of Ezekiel 'W. Gardner, after deducting therefrom .the amount given for the estates purchased from Isabel Gardner; and in so mudh of the said decree as directs the said Elisha R. Potter to pay the sum he has applied to the debts of Ezekiel W. Gardner, and for which he, the said Ezekiel, is liable in the first instance, before he, the said Ezekiel, shall have failed to pay the same, It is therefore the opinion of the court, that so much of the said decree, contrary to this opinion, be reversed and annulled; and that the same be in all other respects affirmed: .and the cause is remanded to the said circuit court, with directions to reform the said decree, according to this opinion; and to do allotther things therein', s justice and equity may require. In taking an aiccount betwoon the

JANUARY TERM '831.
[Potter vs. Gardner and others.]
parties, which may be necessary to give effect to this decree, interest is to be computed according to law and usage."
The facts on which this decree was founded are substantially these: on the 20th of April 1819, Potter purchased from, Ezekiel W. Gardner, a tract of land, called the Ferry Farm, for which he agreed to pay fifteen thousand dollars. Twothirds of this tract of land was charged, by the last will of Peleg Gardner, with the payment of his debts. Ezekiel claimed under the will.
By an agreement made at the time of the purchase, it seems, that Gardner was to remain in possession of the farm until the 25th March 1822, at a rent of nine hundred dollars per innum: the consideration money to be paid when the lease expired; and if any part of it should be paid before thatperiod, interest was to be allowed on the sum thus advanced. The rent Rtipulated to be paid was in lieu of interest' on the purchase money, and to the same amount. -It was the intention of the parties, that the one account should balance the other. The original bill was filed against Potter, in'behalf of the creditors of Peleg Gardner, deceased, to secure an application of the purchase money to the payment of their debts. As a part of the money had been paid by Potter, in discharge of debts due by Ezekiel W. Gardner; the court held, that this was a misapplication of so much of the fund; and decreed that Potter should pay the same amount to the creditors of Peleg Gardner, if it could not be recovered from Ezekiel; and also, the balance that remained due of the two-thirdi of the purchase money. The cause being remanded to the circuit court, the decree was referred to a master who made the following report. "That the amount of debts due from the estate of the said Peleg Gardner, deceased, with the expenses which have accrued on several of the claims, and the compensation of the commissioners on that estate, including the interest on the claims. to the date of the report, is eleven thousand eight hundred and eighty-seven dollars and ninety-two *cents. That in ascertaining the amount of the several claims of the creditors, he cbmputed the interest on those which had not been reduced to judgment,. from the time the claims began to carry interest, up to the date of the report; and on those which were reduced to judgments, from the judgments to the same petiod.

SUPREME COURT.
[Potter vs. Gardner and others.]
And he further reported, "that the said Elisha R. Potter had paid on-account of the purchase of that part of the Ferry Farm devised to the said Ezekiel W. Gardner, in cash, the sum of four thousand three hundred and eighteen dollars and sixtyfour cents; which when deducted from the principal sum, liable to the payment of the debts of the said Peleg, left the sum of five thousand six hundred and cighty-one dollars and thirty-six
cents. "And that the said Elisha R. Potter is liable, according to
the principles of the clecree and opinion of the supreme court, directly and immediately, to pay the sum of three thousand nine hundred and twenty-nine dollars and sixty-two cents; being so much of the purchase money as remains in his hands, and being part of the before named sum of five thousand six hundred and eighty-one dollars and thirfy-six cents; and the residu6 of said sum, being one thousand seven hindred and fiftyone dolar. and seventy-four cents, the said Ezekiel Gardner isg,.accordiag to the said decree, in like manner liable in the first instance to pay; and-in case of failure on his part to pay the sanie, the said Potter is required to pay the same, &c." :" He'.calculated the simple intirest on the before named sum of three thousand ninie hundred and twenty-nine dollars and sixty-two cents; from the 16th of October 1820, the daywben th.~summonqj in this cause, was served on said Potter, to the -date of the report; amounting to two thousand and forty-two dollars 'a~deighty cents: which, with the principal sum remainiig in.his hands, makes the sum of five thousand nine hundred and 'seventy-two dollars and forty-two cents5 which suni the sai&'Potter is liable to pay directly. And'the simple interest on the before named sum 6f one thousand seven hundred and fifty-pne dollars and seveiity-fo~tr cents, which the said Ezekiel W.. Gardner is l-iable in the first instance to pay, from the ,Sth Octobei1820 to the date of the report, is nine hundred and ten dollars and forty-nine cents; 'which, when added to the principal, amounts to the sum of two thousand six hundred and sixty-twodollars ard twenty-three cents; and for the pay-. .-ment of this, the said Potter i! liable, if it shall not be paid by the said Gardner."
Exceptions were taken to this report, but they were overfuled by the circuit coUrt, and a pro fom a,decree entered

JANUARY TERM Is:i
(Potter vs. Gardner and others.]
against Potter, for the payment of five thousand nine hundred and seventy-two dollars and forty-two cents, with interest on the same from the time the report was made; and also for the payment of two thousand six hundred and sixty-two dollars and twenty-three cents, with interest from the same time; provided, that'sum shodild not be paid by Ezekiel W. Gardner, or collected from him by execution. From this decree, Potter appealed, and relies-for its reversal on the following exceptions.
1. That no allowance was nade to him of said two-thirds of the rent of tle Ferry estate; which he alleges was rceived by said Ezekiel, towards payment of said estate.
2. That the claim of said Potter for nine hundred dollars, which he paid to said Ezekiel on the 21st of March 1821, was disallowed.
3. That interest is charged on said sum of three thousand nine hundred and twenty-nine dollars and sixty-two cents; when no interest ought to be allowed thereon.
4. That the sum of five thousand nine hundred and seventytwo dollars and twenty-two cents, -irseported to be due immediately and directly from said Potter; whereas, only three thousand nine hundred and twenty-nine dollars anSI sixty-two cents; being the amount of the security payable in mortgages; is due, either directly or ultimately.
5. That by' said report, he ismade ultimately liable, on failure of said Ezekiel, to pay, the sum of eight thousand six hundred and thirty-four dollars abd sixty-five cents; whereas he ought not in any event, to be liable for any more than said sum of three thousand nine hundred and twenty-nine dollars and sixty-two cents.
The rights and obligations of the parties being fixed by the decree which was formerly made by this dourt; it now only
remains to carry into effect the principles of that decree. As the purchase money was not to be paid by Potter until
the 25th of March 1822, -nointerest should be charged against him prior to that time. But he objects to the'pjayment of any interest, on the ground that it was not in his power to pay the-money and discharge his obligation, before the final decree in the case be !nade.
The suit was prosecuted by thc complainants,- for the beneVoL. V.-4 Q

SUPREME COURT.
[Potter vs. Gardner and others.]
fit of the creditors of Peleg Gardner, deceased; and although a question, as to their right to -prosecute the suit was raised by the defendant; yet it was in his power to discharge himself from the payment of interest, by bringing into court whatever balance he conceived to be due, and paying it over under the order of the court. On the balance thus paid over, interest could not have been charged. As this was not done, it appears that the defendant below did not do all that was in his power to exempt himself from the charge of interest.
By the decree of this court he is made eventually responsible for the sum stated- in the master's report, as having been paid by him to the creditors bf Ezekiel W. Gardner. For this sifm he is liable to the creditors of Peleg Gardner,*in the same manner as though it had never been paid, if it cannot be recovered from Ezekiel. The interest on this sum, whether paid by Ezekiel W. Gardner, or Potter, should only be charged from the 25th March 1822.
It appears that possession of the farm was retained two years by Ezekiel W. Gardner under the lease; au.d then it was surrendered to the appellant. He paid to Gardner, as he *alleges,for the rent of the farm, or the interest on the purchase money, for the third year, the sum of nine hundred dollars; and for two-thirds of this sum,'he claims a credit.
As interest is not charged against the appellant on the purchase money, until the 25th March 1822, which was after the eipiration of the lease; this sum, whether paid as interest or for rent, cannot be credited as so much paid on the principal, or in discharge of interest which subsequently accrued. To apply the credit as contended for, would be contraryko the intention of the parties at the time the payment was mrade; and" against the justice of the case. The appellant having possession of the farm the third year of the lease, was bound in justice to pay the rent; which Gardner had agreed should be considered in his hands, as- an offset against the interest on the purchase money.
During the two years which Gardner occupied the farm, the rent was balanced by the interest; and of course, no credit can be claimed by the appellant, on that account. Under thr-is contruttion of the former decree of this court, the appellant is bound to pay the sum of three thousand nine hundred

JANUARY TERM 18.31.
[Potter vs. Gardner and othets.]
and twenty-nine dollars and sixty-two cents, with interest from th6 25th March 1892; and he is also bound to pay, even-ltuiy. the sum of one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one dollars and seventy-four cents, with interest from the same time: if that amount cannot be collected from Ezekiel W. Gardner. And, as the last decree of the circuit court is contrary to this opinion, it fs reversed' and annulled.
This cause came on to be heard on. the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States, for the district of Rhode Island, and was argued by counsel; ofi consideiation whereof this court is of opinion, that there is error in so much of the decree of the said circuit court as 'subjects Elisha R. Potter to the payment of interest from the 16th of October 1820, and that said decree be- reversed and annulled: and this cause is remanded to the said circuit court, with directions to enter a decree that the said Elisha R. Potter pay into the registry of the circuit court, within thirty days from the next term of that court, the sum of. three thousand nine hundred and twenty-nine dollars and sixty-tyro cents, with interest from the 25th of March 1822-to be paid over to the complainants, or to the creditors of Peleg Gardnerunder the directions of that court; and unless payment be made within thirty days, that the complainants have execution thereof: and that the said court also enter a decree, that Ezekiel W. Gardner do pay into the registry of the court, subject to its order, within thirty days 4s aforesaid, the sum of one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one dollars and seventy-four cents, with interest from the 25th of March 1822, for which he is in the:-first instance liable, and the said Potter ultimately; and- in default ther~of that execution issue against the said Ezekiel: and if such execution shall be returned unsatisfied, then the amount shall be immediately paid into the registry afoiesaid, by the said Potter; and on his failin& topay it, the circuit court are directed to award an execution against him for the same.

JANUARY TERM 1831.
JAM ES SHEPPARD AND OTHERS, APPELLANTS Vs. LEMUEL
TAYLOR AND OTHERS, APPELLEES.
The ship Warren, owned In Baltimore, sailed from th..t port in 1806, the officers and seamen having shipped to perform a voyage to the northwest coast of Ameica, thence to Canton, and thence to the United States. The ship proceeded under the instructions of the owners to Conception Bay on the coast of Chill, by the orders of the supercargo, he having full authority for that purpose. The cargo had in fact been put on board for an illicit trade against the laws of Spain, on that coast. After the arrival of the Warren, she was seized by the Spanish authorities, the vessel and cargo condemned, and the proceeds ordered to be deposited in the royal chest. The officers and seamen were imprisoned, and returned to the Unitd States; some after eighteen imonths, and others not until four years from the term of their departure. The king of Spain subsequently ordered the proceeds of the Warren and cargo to be repaid to the owners, but this was not done; afterwards, the owners having become insolvent assigned their claims for the restoration of the proceeds, and for ibdemnity from Spain, to their separate creditors; and the commissioners under the Florida treaty awarded to be paid to the assignees a sum of money, part for the cargo, part for the freight, and part for the ship Warren. The officers and seamen having proceeded against the owners of the ship by libel for their wages, claiming them by reason of the change of voyage, from the time of her departure until their return to the United States respectively, and having afterwa ds claimed payment out of the money paid to the assignees of the. owners under the treaty, it was held that they were entitled, towards the satisfaction of the same, to the sum awarded by the commissioners for the loss of the ship and her freight, with certain deductions for the eipenses of prose. cuting the clain before the commissioners: with interest on the amount from the period when a claim for the same from the assignees was made by a petition.
If the ship had been specifically restored, the seamen might have proededed against it in the admiralty in a suit in rem for the whole compensation due to them. They have by the maritime laws an indisputable lien to this extent. There is no difference between the case of a restitution in specie of the ship itself,, and a restoration in value. The lien re-attaches to the thing, and to whatever Is substituted for it. This is no peculiar principle of the admiralty. It is found i ,corporated into the doctrines of courts of Sommon law.
Freight, being the earnings of the ship in the course of the voyage, I- the natural fund out of which the wages are contemplated to be paid: for although the ship is bound by the lien of the wages, the freight is relied on as th : fund to discharge it, and is also relied on by the master to dischirge his personal responsibilities.
Over the subject of seamen's wages the admiralty has an undisputed jurisdiction, in rem, as well as in personam; and wherever the lien for the wages exists and attaches upon the proceeds, it is the familiar practice of that court to exert its jurisdiction over them, by way of monition to ihe parties holding the proceeds. This is familiarly known in the cases of prize and bottomry, and salv-

SUPREME COURT.
[Sheppard and others vs. Taylor and others.]
age; and is eqhally applicable to the case of wages. The lien will roiow the ship, and its proceeds, into whose hands soever they may come by title or purchase from the owner.
APPEAL from the circuit court for the district of Maryland.
In December 1810, a libel was filed by James Sheppard and others, officers and seamen of the merchant ship Warren, against Lemuel Taylor, Samuel Smith, James A. Buchanan, John Hollins, and Michael M'Blair, owners of the merchant ship Warren, claiming wages; they having shipped in 1806, at Baltimore, for a voyage from that port to the northwest coast, thence to Canton, and home to the United States.
The facts of the case, as they appeared in the libel and supplemental libels, petition, and in the depositions and documents filed and taken in the case, were: that the ship Warren, of the burthen of about six hundred tons, and armed with twenty-two guns, commanded by Andrew Sterrett, sailed from Baltimore on the 12th of September 1806. The crew, including the officers -and apprentices, consisted of about one hundred and twelve persons, and were shipped for a voyage designated in the shipping articles, to be from the port of Baltimore to the northwest coast of America, thence to Canton, and home to the United States. No other voyage but that expressed in the articles was known to be intended by any one on board of the Warren, except Mr Pollock, who was the supercargo of the vessel. There were, however, two sets of instructions; one, those which expressed the voyage as stated, and which were given to captain Sterrett; the other, sealed, private instructions, and which were delivered to Mr Pollock.
When the ship arrived at a certain latitude, the sealed instructions were opened, and were communicated to the captain. These instructions changed the destination of the ship, and the nature and character of Lhe voyage. They gave the entire control over the course of the voyage to Mr Pollock: and from that time she proceeded directly for the coast of Chili, to prosecute an illicit and smuggling trade with the Spanish provinces, on the western coast of South America; all trade with those provinces being then hotoriously forbidden, under

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Sheppard and otbers vs. Tayloriand otheis.]
heavy penalties, unless conducted utnder a license from the crown of Spain.
The officers and crew of the Wrarren protested against this deviation from the prescribed voyage; and captain Sterrett, from disappointed and wounded feelings, disdaining himself to engage in an illicit trade, and unwilling to expose his officers and nen to its perils and consequences, became partially deranged, aid shot himself as the Warren was doubling Cape Horn.
Mr Evans, the chief mate, succeeded in the nominal command of the ship; but Mr Pollock asserted and maintained the entire control over her; and he ordered her to steer direct for Conception Bay and the port of Taleahuana, on the coast of Chili,.where they were to feign distress, and ask for an asylum.
The vessel arrived on the 20th of Jantlary 1807, within a short distance of that port, after an absence from Baltimore of one hundred and twenty days; and on *her arrival was hailed by the guarda costas of the government. Mr Pollock answered in Spanish, and took the ship's papers with him on shore, where he had an interview with the commandant of Talcihuana.
During his absence, an altercation took place between captain Evans and the Spanish armea vessels, which resulted in the exchange of some guns, but no lives were lost on either side. Mr Pollock having remained oft shore under a flag of truce, on the following day communicated by a verbal message' to captain Evans, an order to enter the port; alleging, that the firing on the Warren by the guarda costas'had been through mistake, and that all things wovld be well managed. The crew remonstrated, and proposed to proceed with the ship -on the voyage for which they had sailed; and to leave the supercargo on shore. Captain Evans refus ,d to eiter the port, unless by a written order,.which was then sent to him; and he was informed by the messenger that Mr Pollock was under no restraint whatever.
The Warren then entered the port of Talcahuana, and captain Evans went on shore; and the seamen, under a pretence that their depositions -were required relative to the death of captain Sterrett, were taken on shore, twenty at a time, and at once put into prison. The o#ers and-the apprentices being'

SUPREME COURT.
[Sheppard and others vs. Ta~lor and others.]
put on board the ship, proposed to rescue her, and communicated the purpose to Mr Pollock, who immediately took his baggage and that of captain Evans on shore. Soon afterwards some Spanish officers came on board the Warren, unbent the sails, and unshipped the rudder.
The officers and crew of the ship were ordered to Conception, and thence were marched to various prisons and dungeons, and suffered captivity from eight months to four years, being permitted to return to the United States at various periods. The apprentices and some of the officers were the first who were allowed to return; their absence from the United States was after an imprisonment of from six to eighteen months.
On the part of the -libellants it was alleged that by arrangements between the Spanish commandant and Mr Pollock, the cargo was smuggled on shore. By a sentence of. a court the vessel and cargo were sold,'and the proceeds of the same were ordered to be deposited in the king's treasury, subject to an appeal interposed by the supercargo. Thus, either by the private arrangements between Mr Pollock and the Spanish -governor, or by the proceedings of the court, the voyage was broken up, and the ship and the whole of the cargo were sold. The cargo appeared to have been peculiarly adapted to the coast of Chili and Peru, and altogether unfit for the northwest coast of America or Canton.
The libellants claimed wages from the time of the sailing of the Warren, to the time of their return to the United States, respectively; deducting the wages advanced, and any sum of money, received as wages, during absence.
The proceedings in the case, assefted by the libellants to bEr amply accounted for by various causes, were delayed from 1810 to 1819. In 1819 all the owners became insolvent: and, on the 13th December 1819, Lemuel Taylor assigned to Robert 01iver the spes recuperandiof his interest in the Warren, her cargo, &c. On the 9th of November 1820, Smith and Buchanan assigned their interest in the Warren and cargo to Elicott and Meredith, trustees, for the use of the Bank of the United' States at Baltimore: and, on the 15th of May 1821, Hollins and M'Blair assigned their interest in said vessel, cargo, &c. to the Union Bank of Maryland.

JANUARY TERM 1831.
ESheppard and others vs. Taylor and others.]
The owners of the ship Warren and. cargo, having made application to the crown of Spain for the restoration of the proceeds of the same, which were under the decree of the court condemning the same to be deposited, in the royal treasury; the following proceedings took place:
COPY OF THE ROYAL ORDER OF RESTITUTION.
.Most Excellent Sir:-In the month of September 1806, the ship called the Warren, belonging to Samuel Smith, Buchanan, Hollins, M'Blair, and Lemuel Taylor,,of Baltimore, sailed from that port, under the command of Andrew Sterrett, and laden with sundry merchandize for Canton in China. In the month of December following, after the vessel and crew bad experienced various misfortunes, they were in the latitude of Conception in Chili; when*finding it impossible to continue the voyage, they werd obliged to take. shelter in some port dontiguous to that of Talcahuana, on the 20th January 1807. The commander of the port gave the vessel permission to enter; which she had scarcely done, however, before she was taken possession of by troops, and her cargo, seized, under the pretence.of her being a smuggler. This was followed by a sentence for the confiscation and sale of the goods; which was carried into execution, notwithstanding the protest of the supercargo; and the proceeds, amounting to about three hundred thousand dollars, 'deposited in the royal chests, to await the decision of the appeal carried before and received by the supreme council of the Indies. Smith and his partners having received intelligence of this, made a complaint before the senate in Maryland; who looking only t,the registers of the custom house, from which it appeared that the vessel'had cleared, out for Chi'na; declared the confiscation unjust, and gave the complainants permission to detain by way of indemnity, any property which might be in that country belonging to the Spanish government. Don Luis, de Onis, the Spanish minister in the United States, received unofficial information of this decision; and khowing that there had not been suffl-dentcausefor the sentence of confiscation, and desiring to prevent the disagreeable consequences'which might arise from claims'; made an agreement with Smith and his companions, that he would cause to be returned to them in this capital, the

SUPREME COURT.
[Sheppard and others vs. Taylor and others.]"
amount of the proceeds of the cargo of the ship Warren, which had been deposited in the treasury: and that he would permit them to send out a ve.49elfIladen with a small cargo of licit merchandize and some tobacco, upon which the customary royal duties were to be. paid, for the purpose of prosecuting it; upon which they were' to acknowledge themselves indemnified for all the losses and expenses resulting from the voyage. The king, having been gradually informed of what has been related, notwithstanding that the ministry here had received no intelligence of the confiscation in question, has thought proper foi good and prudential reasons to ratify without delay the agreement made by the minister Onis with Smith, Buchanan aftd their companions; and has desired that instructions should be sent to your excellency, to have the ship Warren and her cargo, or the amount produced from their sale, delivered to the a~ents of those persons; and to permit them to import another small cargo of licit merchandize, and some leaf tobacco, upon which they must pay the royal duties, and take the value of it in silver or produce, paying duties in like manner. Which I notify to your excellency, by his majesty's orders, fob..your information; and in order that you may issue .the necessary orders fog its fulfilment. God preserve your ,excellency many years. Madrid, 13th June 1815.
LANDIZABAL. To the Viceroy of Peru.
PETITION.
Most Excellent Sir:-We, Samuel Smith and Anthony Faulac, supercargo of the American ship Sydney, on behalf of the owners of the ship Warren and cargo, and by. virtue of their power of attorney which we formally elhibit, respectfully appear before your excellency, and say: that by a royal order of the 13th June 1815, his catholic majesty has ordered restitution to be made of the said ship Warren and her cargo; and notwithstanding that she was sentenced to be confiscated, has been pleased, uponjust and prudential conside.rations, to absolve her, and decree her restoiation. Your xc4 lency, in a decree of the .9th October 1815, commanded -that tbe said royal order should be obeyed and fulfilled, and in order.that the necessary measures conducive to.the restitu-

JANUARY TERM 1831.
rSheppard and e hers us. Taylor and others.]'
tion of ship and cargo might be adopted, commanded the original order to be deposited in the archives; and a certified copy to be made of it, and annexed to the'reeords on the case.
The immediate execution of this royal order is much to be desired under present circumstances; as it is necessary that we should return to the United States, where we must notify the result both to Don Luis de Onis, the Spanish minister plenipotentiary, and to the owners, for whom we are to recover the money from the royal treasury. For the fulfilment of the agreement, ratified by the Spanish sovereign, and of thedecree of restitution sent to your excellency, there is nothing more requisite than the tenor of the royal order, which is sufficiently intelligible in its origin and object. Any delay will occasion a serious injury, and it was from his catholic majesty's desire to avoid this, that he ordered the restitution, even before he had received official notice of the confiscation. The ship Warren was sold in this capital; the purchaser's title to the property, which is the record of the proceedings on her confiscation, must therefore have been exhibited. The value of the cargo which his catholie majesty orders to be. restored, is estimated in the royal order at near three hundred thousand dollars; which can by some means or other be procured; it being a matter of indifference to the owners whether it war deposited in the chests here, or in any others of te kingdom. Under the impression, therefore; that restitution ought to be made by the royal treasury, without any further testimony than the appraisement of the vessel and cargo; in conformity with the just and wise considerations which induced his majesty to decree the restoration and delivery, we implore your excellency that, on view of the records relative to the sale "of the ship Warren, and knowing the sum at which her cargo was valued; you will be pleased to draw a bill against the officers of the royal treasury, and represent to them the serious injuries which would result from any delay in fulfilling the royal order issued under such circumstances. Wherefore, we pray and supplicate your excellency, that considering as duly exhibited the power of attorney, and in consequence of what has been set forth; you will be pleased to order an authenticated copy of the royal order, the fulfilment of which is required, to be annexed to the records of the sale of the ship Warren,
VOL. V.-4 L

SUPREME COURT.
[Sheppard and others vs. Taylor and others.]
and on view of them issue the orders for which we pray, as is just, and as we expect from your excellency's. equity.
SMITH, NICHOLAS, ANTHONY FAULAC.
ORDER.
Lima, 21st March 1817. Let it be filed with the records of the subject, and be sen by his majesty's officer of the exchequer, and let the tribunal of accompts make a report.
.HIs EXCELLENCY'S RUBRICK.
,cebal.
REPORT.
Most Excellent Sir,-The tribunal, of accompts, in compliance with your excellency's order of this date, has examined the petition of Don Samuel Smith and Don Antonio Faulac, filed with the records which originated in 'he letters written by the Spanish consul in Baltimore respecting the fitting out in that port, of the ship Warren, for the purpose of carrying on an illicit commerce in these seas; and all that it can represent is, that the said vessel was captured off the coasts, or in some port of the kingdom of Chili, and all the proceedings in such cases had, without this government being informed of any thing further than the sale of the vessel; which was sent hither for that 'purpose by the president of Chili; as will appear by his official letter of the. 14th January 1808, registered in folio 22, and the proceeds deposited, at his request to the credit of- his treasury. The vessel was sold 'for the sum of twenty-five thousand dollars, to Don Xavier Maria Aguirre, and the amount deposited in the -royal chests in this capital, on the 4th of February, 1819", and along with two hundred sixty-three thousand two hundred and eighty-five dollafs six reals, which had been received from various sources on deposit to the credit of the Chilian Treasury, was remitted to the Peninsula, in the ships Primero and Joaquina, in consequence of an offlcigiletter from the president of th ltl April 1809,. and in obedience to an order of tis viceregal government, dated 13th May of -the same year. Authenticated copies of which are enclosed along with an account, No. 585, from the office of the royal chests in this capital. Your excellency on

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Sheppard and others vs. Taylor and others.]
view of all this, and of the royal order of the 13th June 1815, in which the proceeds of the 'essel and cargo are ordered to be restored to the claimants, will resolvd whatever you may deem most conducive to the royal service. Tribunal, 21st May 1817.
THE M.&tquis DE VALDELUIES, - ,EON DE ASTOLAQUINE,
JOAQUIM BONET.

REPORT.

Most Excellent Sir,---The officer of the exchequer having

examined the petition of Samuel Smith and his agents for the

ship Warren, relative to the royal order-of the 13th June 1815;

in which his majesty commands that restitution should bemade

to them in this capital, of the proceeds of the cargo ofthe said

vessel, which were deposited here, states; that, from the re-

cord's of. the only proceedings in the case which were had

before this government, which are ready to be exhibited, -it

appears that the seizure, and confiscation took place in Chili,

afid that the amount of the proceeds of the vessel only was

deposited in the chests here. It results therefore, that the

supposition in the royal order, that the proceeds of the cargo

had been deposited here is erroneous. And as moreover, the

impoverished condition of this treasury, and its indispensa-

ble disbursements will not allow it to refund so large an

amount; and as the royal order has so far been complied with

as to permit the entrance of the vessel which they brought

here; your excelle'ney might find it expedient to give his

majesty a knowledge of these facts, by sending him an au-

thenticated copy of the records, in order that he may deter-

mine according to his sovereign pleasure.

PAREJA.

LimW, 24tX May 1818.

ORDER.
Lima, 3d June 1817. Having seen tne foregoing, let the records be carried to the superior board of the royal revenue; in order that it may determine as soon as possible what cburse ought to be pursued.
His EXCELLErNcY's Ruinrcx.
acebal.

SUPREME COURT.
[Sheppard and others vs. Taylor and others.]
The owners. of the ship Warren and cargo, and their assignees, preseted memorials for indemnity to 'the commissioners of the United States, appointed -under the Florida treaty of 22d February 1819, arid thereupon the commissioners made the following award:

SHIP WARREN, EVANS.

24th April 1824. Thoma' RIlicott and others, claimants
The. board having heretofore received, examined, and allowed this clai as valid, this day proceeded to ascertain the amount thereof; and do award to the claimants the sum of one hundred and eighty-four thousand one hundred and sixty-two dollars and thirty-five cents (less the. unclaimed interest of Bonnifils, a foreigner,'of fifteen thousand and eleven dollars and thirty-seven cents), in-full, for the loss sustained for the seizure, confisestion, and sale of this vessel and cargo, by the Spanish authorities at Talcahuana, in 1806; the proceeds of which sile were ordered to be paid to the claimants by his catholic majesty in 1815, which sum is to be thus di-

vided:

No. 47L-To Robert and John Oliver, as trustees-

of Lemuel Taylor,

-

-

-

$ 63,920 88

Ellicott and- Meredith, as trustees of Simith and

Buchanan,

....

45,034 14

Union Bank of Maryland, as -trustees of Hollins

and M'Blair,

-

-

-

40,030 34

John Stiles, as executor of George Stiles,

20,015 17

The unclaimed interest of Bonnifils,

15,011 37

$184,011 90 True copy from the record,
JosEPH FoRRsT, Clerk.
Eight and one-third per cent, or one-twelfth in all cases, was abated from the gross amount. The items forming the aggregate sum allowed by the commissioners in the case of the ship Warren, Evans, master, were as follows:

JANUARY TEIRM 1831.

[Sheppard and others

Fbr the value of the vessel,

Cargo,

-

-

Taylor's advenfure, -

Pfemium, twelve per cent,

Freight one-third off; -

s. Taylor and others.]
$25,000 00 125,131 93
4,025 83 16,144 59 13,86.0 00

$184,162 35

Deduct therefrom,

150 45 $184,011 90

The last final report made to the department of state of the

United States, on the 8th of June 1824, by the commissioners under the Florida treaty, contained the following general

observations:

"In making such allowances to underwriters, the commission was well aware, that its effects would be to allow them more than they had lost, by the amount of the premium received from the party insured, which premium fie had voluntarily paid, and must have lost in any event; so too in making the allowance of freight, the commission was well -aware, that the full wages of seamen had not been paid, probably, in.any of the cases where such freight was given. But in these and

many other cases which occurred, the board having ascertained the full amount of the loss, distributed this amount so ascertained, amongst the different parties claiming it before them,

and seeming to have a right to receive it (no-matter in what character); without deciding or believing itself possessed of the authority to decide upon the merits of conflikting claims to the same subject. To whom of right the-sumn thus awarded,

when paid may belong, or for whom, how, or in what degree the receiver ought to be regarded as a trustee of the sum re-

ceived, were questions depending upon the municipal laws of - the different states of-the union; the application of which to the facts existing in any case, the board did not feel itself autho-

rized to make; and therefore abstained from instituting any. inquiry as to the facts necessary to such .a decision. These

remarks the commission think it proper thus to state, lest their award may be considered as barring and finally settling pre-

tensions, into which this board have in truth neither made, or believed itself authorized to make any examination whatever;

but have purposely left open, for the .adjudication of others,

who will have better means- of ascertaining the facts."

SUPREME COURT.
[Sheppard and others vs. Taylor and others.]
Answers were put in by the owner of the Warren and cargo, After the assignments made by them, answers were filqd by the several assignees. The answer of Robert Oliver denies the jurisdiction of the district court of the United States over the funds in his hands under the assignment. It states the assignment made to him by Lemuel Taylor on the 13th of December 1819, of his interest in the ship and cargo; and that the claim was prosecuted before the commissioners under the Florida treaty: and the net sum of fifty-eight thousand five hundred and pinety-four dollars and thirty-two cents was received; all knowledge of
any agrhement between the owners of the Warren and cargo with the seamen is denied.
The Bank of the United States answered and denied the
jurisdiction of the court: and also all knowledge of the alleged contract between the original parties to the-cause. The answer states that the firm of Smith and Buchanan executed a deed of trust to Ellicott and Meredith on the 9th of November 1820, being an assignment of their interest in the ship and cargo, in trust for the Bank of the United States, in the first instance; and that the trustees had received about fifty thousand dollars. That at May Term 1825 of the circuit court of the United States, the bank filed a bill in equity, calling on the trustees to pay them the money so received; and the same was paid into court: and the'libellants fileda petition in the cause praying the court to retain for them so much of the said sum as they should prove themselves entitled to. The circuit court directed the sum'received by the trustees to be deposited in the Bank of the United States.
Ellicott and Meredith, assignees in trust of Smith and Buchanan, answered, stating the assignment, and the payment of the-moneyreceived by them. The Union Bank of Maryland answered, 'protesting against the jurisdiction of the court, and stating the assigninent to the bank by Hollins and VI'Blair, and that they Were ignorant of the claims of the libellants.
On the 16th of March 1827, the district court dismissed the libel and petition; and the libellants appealed to the circuit. court. In that court, on the 20th of May 1828, the decree of tne circuit court was affirmed, and the libellants appealed to this court. It was understood, that both in the district and circuit courts, the decrees were entered pro forma.

JAN[JARY.TERM 1831.
[Sheppard and others vs. Taylor and others j
The case was argued by Mr Mayer and Mr Hoffmanfer the appellants: and for the appellees by Mr Taney and Mr Wirt.
Mr Hoffman and Mr Mayer, for the appellants: 1. The doctrine that "freight is the mother of wages" is neither absolutely and iniversally, nor even generally true. Vessels nmay, by the plan of the particular enterprize, sail in ballast for the whole or the greater part of a voyage; so in some cases a single package of merchandize might be taken on freight; and it would be strange to say, that that should be the exclusive pledge of the sailor's right: and it sometimes happens, that the earning of freight is prevented by a blockade, or by the misconduct of the master or owners, and yet, in such cases, wages have been allowed withoutsregard to the fact of freight earned. If the doctrine of the maxim were true, seamen could not be allowed wages out of savings of wreck; and it is now settled, that they are allowed as wagesj and not Cs salvage. The - " safety of the ship," another branch of the maxim, is not essential to the claim of wages; because they are awarded even where the ship has been condemned, if the cargo be restored. The true principle of the seamen's right to wages must be, that they contract to serve to insure the safety of the ship; to bring the res safe into the hands ofther owners: for which the owners are to pay, if no vis major shall occur to take the vessel out of their hands, or break up the voyage; the wages-claim being incident to the ship and the voyage, and not to the freight. Where freight is earned, the seamen, the law decides, ought to have their wages: but the converse of the rule is riot true, as is observed by Lord Stowell in the Nep. tune, 1 Hag. Adm. Rep. 232. These views ae sustained by the following cases: 2 Peters's Adm.Rep. 426. 2 Mason, 319. 3 Mass. 563. 3 Kent's Com. 145. Antlon's N. P 32.. 2. The owners are liable for wages, where they or'the master or their agents are in fault; either negligently or wilfully, in reference to the ship or the voyage: 'as where they have deviated from the voyage specified in the seamen's contract; or have been guilty of contraband trade, not in the view of both the parties by the contract,.and the vessel is captured and lost; where the seamen are separated .by cruelty, or without cause, from the ship; and in all such instances, "theseamen earn their wages without regard to the fact of the ship's safety.

688

SUPREME COURT.

[Sheppard and others vs. Taylor and others.]
Hoyt vs. Wildfire, 3 Johns. Rep. 518. 2 Peters's Adm. Rep. 261, 266, 403, 40, 437. 9 Johns. Rep. 138, 227. 1 Peters's Adm. Rep. 51. 1 Mason, 51, 151. 1 Peters's C. C. Rep. 142. 3 Kent. Corn. 144. 2 Peters's Adm. Rep. 415: Abbot, 442, 443, 444, 478, 434, 435, 436. 11 Johns. Rep. 56. Bee, 395, 402. The Countess of Harcourti 1 Hag. 250. 1 Hag. 347. 2 Rob. 216. 2 Gall. 477. 11 Mass. Rep. 545. 3 Mass. Rep. 472. Anthon's N. P. C. 32. And so where avessel is unseaworthy, at the commencement; and the owners are only constructivel&in fault. Abbot, 447, 450, 457, 2 Peters's Adm. Rep. 266.
And in all these 'instances, as in the case of sickness and expenses attending it, the seamen receive damagesin the shape of wages; and the claim is treated precisely as a claim for wages. 1 Mason, 51. 2 Mason, 541. 1 Dod. 37. 2 Gall. 164. Abbot, 443, 444. The rule is the same where a voyage is broken up or abandoned before being begun; and dapages are recovered as wages. Abbot, 449, 450 (notis). 2 Peters's Adm. Rep. 266. Pothier's Mar. Con. 120, 125.
The ship owners are implicated in the supercargo's conduct, even where they do not own the cargo: because the freighter is answerable over to the owners for the supercargo's acts. Pothier'%Mar. Con. 122, sect. 201. Abbot, 280. 3 Mass. Rep. 472. Bee, 369.
3. Where seimen suffer in the service of the vessel, whether separated or not from her; their -wages continue, though their actual labour be suspended, and though the vessel in the mean time incur heavy loss from the cause which separates the seamen from the vessel, or occasions their suffering. 1 Peters's Adm. R. 115, 123, 128. 2 Peters's Adm. Rep. 384. 3 Kent's Coin. 144, 145. Bee, 135. Beale vs. Thompson, 4 East, 546. 1 Dow's Parl. Ca. S. C. 299. 2 Mass. R. 39, 44. 12 Johns. Rep. 324.
The admiralty closely scans the actions of seamen; and even protects them from the consequences of such as are inadvertently made. 3 Kent's Coin. 136, 141, 150, 154. 1 Hag. 355, 357. Abbott, 435, 449. 1 Peters's Cond.. Rep. 135,' 136, 187.
4. The seamen's claim is not in law connected with the contract of affreightment. It suffers no diminution from any de-

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Sheppard and others vs.,Taylor and, others.]
lays, or actual loss of profits of the voyage to the ship owners, in freight, or otherwise. 1 Dow, 299. 4 East, 546. 11 Mass. Rep. 545. 14 Mass. Rep. 74. And so little are the seamen in their right to wages, identified- with the enterprize, that they do not contribute to general average. 2 Gall. 182, But as their right is connected with the-ship, they. contribute to the expense of her ransom; and, perhaps, might be bound to contribution, on the same principle, in case of recapture.
The cases of seamen darning wages, where there has been -a
capture and recapture, or a capture, condemnation, and ultimate restoration of the ship, all show that the seaman is legally interested for his wages in no concern of the voyage, eEcept the ship's safety. And, further, it is in these cases settled: 1st. That it is the duty of the seamen to remain with the ve ssel until the first adjudication, and until the hope of recovery shall thus appear to be gone; and when the. 'vessel is sold and restored,- they are paid their wages out of' the proceeds, up to the time they so adhere to the vessel. 2d. That where the vessel is condemned, and that sentence reversed, and freightis decreed, or damages in lieu of freight, wages are payable for the time of the actual service of the seamen. 12 JohnsRep. 324. 2 Gall. 164. Bec, 135. 2 'Mason, 161. 1 Mason, 45. 1 Peters's Adm. Rep. ;128. 14 Mass. Rep. 72. Abbott, 459 to 463. 2 Brown's Pennsylvania Rep. 335. S Kent's Com. 149, 150. 4 East, 546. 1 Dow's Par. Ca. 299. Further, to show that the seamen's contract is in no wise dependent on the freight, adventure, or' interest; the cases may be cited, where their wages have been awarded, though the vessel went in ballast, or in quest of freight, and was disappointed: and where it has been settled that the port of destination is in legal effect the port of delivery, if no cargo be in fact taken thither. 1 Hagg. 233. Abbott, 447,- 300. 1 Peters's Adm. Rep. 187, in note. 2 Gall. 175. 2 Mason, 319. 7 Taunt. Rep. 319. And so where vessel and cargo belong to the same persons, no freight actually and literally is earned, .an4 yet wages fre due. 3 2Kent's Com. 149.
5. The positions stated being sustained, the appellants claim to be paid the full amount of wages from the commencement of the voyage throughout the whole tera of imprisonment, and of
VOL. V.-4 M

SUPREME COURT
[Sheppard and others vs. Taylor and others.]
absence from the United States. It is contended, that this amount ought 'to be paid out of the fund now represented in court, without regard to the pretensions of the holders of it, as respects their assignors; or to the fact of all the holders of the means derived from the treaty, not being before the court in this case. The claim pervades the whole, and every part of the fund recovered; and those before the court may recover the proper contributory portion from such as are not parties; as in cases of judgment, binding several pieces of land, and executed entirely upon one: or where, as in Pothier's Mar. Con. 122, sec. 201, the nierchant.occasions a loss, and the ship owner has to pay the seamen's wages, because of his claim over against the merchant. Abbott, 245. 1 Stark. 490. 2 Serg. and Lowb. 480.
6. The resources of the seamen for the payment of their wages are numerous.
1st. They have the ship as security. Their lien on it is of a peclliar anl enduring character-- a mortgage created by the law; which places the ship in the owner's hands, as a trustee for the seanien's claim. 2 Dodson, 13. 1 Peters's Adm. Rep. 194, note.%Roccus, 91. 1 Hagg. 238. 4 Mass. Rep. 563. Although bottomry liens may be lost by delay, it is not so with the eamen's lien. Abbot, 131. Laches never divests the lien, although staleness may destroy the claim. Dorr vs. Willard, 3 Mason, 91, 161. The lien is paramount to all bottomry liens. The Sidney, Cave, 2 Dod. 13. Abbott, 131. And even to a claim of forfeiture to the government. The St Jago de Cuba, 9 Wheat. 409.
The result from these and other eases is, that the seamen's lien on the ship is not an ordinary lien like that of a factor, or a mere right to seize or hold; but that they have a quasi proprietary interest, co-extensive with their right of wages; and operating as a judgment, binding lands, controls and appropriates the estate in them' to. the creditor's benefit
2d. The seaman has alien on the freight for his wages. i Peters's Adm. Rep. 194, 130. 2 Peters's Adm. Rep. 277. 3 Mason, 163 The master has a lien on the freight for his advances, and for'his liabilities to the seamen for their wages. Abbott, 476. 3"Mason, 255-
3d. He has a lien on the cargo to the extent of freight actu-

JANUARY TERM 1831.
ESheppard and others vs. Taylor and others.]
ally carried, where the owner of the vessel is not the owner of the cargo; or to the extent of what would be a reasonable freight where the same person is owner of ship and cargo. 1 Gall. 164.
7. We are next to ascertain 'whether these liens extend in this case to the proceeds of these. three several specific securities of the seamen; and can reach those proceeds in- the hands of .assignees like the appellees who hold the funds in question.
The thing assigned was a mere chose in action, and a claim for that in which the sailor had a clear interest as a cestui gui trust: and the object of the assignment was to satigfy antecedent debts not contracted on. the faith of the assignment, and for which no release, as a consideration for theassignment, was given.
The owners of the property could assign only an interest commensurate with their right; and only go far as the sailors' lien gave the subject free to the owners, had they any right. The lien of the seamr on die thing is fixed and intrinsic; and announced by the law on the very face of the thing to exist: and thus carrying notice ot it to all who claim any benefit out of the specific object; as much so as the law regards all assignees of a chose in action as owner of the equities between the original parties to it, and implicated in them. Norton vs. Rose, 2 Wash. IL 233.
A bonafide purchaser, without notice, takes the thing clear of all latent equities. 2 Johns. C. L 443. Redfern vs. Ferrier, 1 Dow. Parl. Ca. 40. But a seaman's lien is not a latent equity.
To show that a lien which is intrinsic, is a legal right,and not a mere transient and accidental equity, and is not to. be extinguished by assigpment, the following cases were cited: 3 Meriv. 85, 99 104 106= Mann vs. Shifner, 2 East. L 523. United States vs. Sturges, 1 Paine's C. C. R. 535; and alsoq, Abbott, 245 (in notes). Cited also, The Flora, I Hagg. 298; The St Jago de Cuba, 9 Wheat. 409.
No actual notice to the assignees then was necessary; the notification of the seamen's lien being furnished by the subject itself. The claim assigned being the effective proceeds of that to which- the lien adhered, notice was imparted from the very source of the assignees' title; and it was by law, and

SUPREME COURT.
[sheppard and others vs. Taylor and others.]
so, necessarily known to tiem, because liublished by the law as a legal right to the whole world, that the claim could not be prosecuted for the exclusive use of the owners of the ship.
There was, however, notice here to the assignees in fact, by the history of the claim, which is connected with its title: and it was like the case, where the tracing of the title may carry the party t the view of a particular right or circumstance; of which the law then imputes notice to him. There *was, at least, enough in the events on which the claim arose to put the party on inquiry, and so to affect him with iotice. 1 Johns. C. R. 302. 8 Johns. C. R. 345. 5 Johns. C. R. 427. 7 Cranch, 507, 509. There was too a lispendens, to give notice of the seamen's pretensions; the suit of the seamen against the owners at the period of the assignments. 1 Johns. C. R. 566. 3 Mason, 187. 2 Rand. R. 93. Cited also, 3. Kent's Com. 175. Abbott, 244,245.- Campbell vs. Thompson, l°Stark. Rep. 590. Roccus, note xci. 1 Dod. 31. 2 Dod. 13. 2 Gall. 330. 4 Cranch, 332. 2 Brown's L. 143.
.Having thus identified the assignees with the owners, it is to be seen whether there is any-thing in the nature of the seamen's present claim, or of the fund in question,, which prevents a lien arising, or has intercepted that lien. It may be premise4, that the means from which satisfaction is sought, if referred to the royal act, may be regarded as flowing rather from an act of state, than a judicial decision. The legal nature of the fund is not varied by this circumstance, as concerns the sailors' rights. 'Beale vs. Thompson, 4 East, 561.
8. It cannot be said, that looking to the fund in question, the appellants are endeavouring to get the benefit of a matter of damages to .Which the lien of the seamen cannot attach, or a mere matter of indemnification collateral entirely to the r.
Whenever the specific thing is not restored, the satisfaction, technically speaking, is regarded as damages; but there is no reason why the moneys which, afford that satisfaction may not be regarded as the effective substitute of the thing. Manrb vs. Almeida, 10 Wheat. 473. In case of reversal of condemnation of property, and-an intermediate sale, the restitution of the proceeds of sale-is-virtually only a satisfaction in damages, and is so considered; damages being contradistinguished from the specifie thing. Willard vs. Dorr, 3

JANUARY TERM 1831.
(Sheppard and others vs. Tylor and -others.]
Mason, 164." So it is said-In 1 Peters, 130, that wages shallbe allowed in the case there put, "Kif freight be awarded, or damages in lieu of it."
There is nothing, therefore, in the mere term of damaages, so vague and transitory, that they can be identified-in law to nothing specific. Beside, if there be but damages in question, they are fixed and liquidated by the royal order of Spain, in 1815, before the assignment; and in that award we heffld a vested interest, although it be even admitted that only a claim Was by it establighed. The commissioners under the treaty with Spain, merely executed the royal order: affording only the satisfaction which under that order the officers of Spaiinshouid have afforded. There was a sufficient grievance for the redress of the commissioners, in the fact that Spain had by the royal order directed the satisfaction, and that the authorities had not obeyed the direction. The merits of the case, antecedent to the royal order, need not have been presented-to the commissioners. The order, and the commissioners in their award, speak too only of. a restitution of -pr9ceeds;" so that the appellants have the benefit of that lihrase for the moneys we claim, if there be any force in it. The commissioners awarded what the King of Spain had directed to be done, and because it had been so directed. Our interest in the case, therefore, relates back to the date of the royal order; overreaching the assignments.
It may be said, that this is an attempt to follow a matter of damages, as would be the case of a seaman claiming wages. out of a recovery upon an insurance of a vessel, when she has beeq totally lost; or out of a recovery, of damages for a collision, when by that circumstance a vessel has been lost. In both such cases it is admitted as a general rule, that the seaman would be entitled to no satisfaction. 2 Peters's Adm. R. 276. 11 Johns. R. 279. Abbott, 257, 457. 18 Johns. R. 257.
The difficulty in the way of the seaman, in either of te supposed analogous cases is not that the fund recovered cannot be considered as the substitute of the res;but only that the seaman has no claim against the owner, for which either the res, or the fund, can be a collateral resource: for in every case of a-total loss of the res, if the equivalent res be made liable, it is only nnder a charge or lien that must be ihcidentalto a per-

SUPREME COURT.
[Sheppard and others vs. Taylor and others.]
sonal right; a claim against the owner. Supposing, therefore, the perfect innocence of the owner respecting the loss of the vessel in the .two cases; it would appear that the very event which puts an _nd to the seamen's claim,gives rise to a collateral demand of the owners. Could the success of the
owners in that demand revive the already extinct claim of the seamen? Can a lien exist, unless to support and effectuate a claim ? Is not in the cases supposed the right or complaint of the owner founded on the reason that he has been prevented from attaining that benefit, which, after deductionofexpenses,including of course seamen's wages, would have resulted to him. from the voyage? The claim of the seamen being gone, by the fact of the disaster; the recovery can ]=Ve no respect to it as an incumbent, burden on the owners. What then is the portion of the recovery that answers to the seamen's wages?
In the case of the insurance recovery, it was further observed that, to mke the seamen's wages good out of the lund recovered, would (where the claim of the seamen is supposed to be.gone) be allowing the seamen in effect to insure their wages;-which is not pei-mitted.
In 3 Mass. R. 443, a satisfaction of a claim, as that here in question, under a treaty is regarded as salvage. Courts of admiralty are courts of equity, in reference to all rule of interpretation, and as regards all constructions. They decide ex mquo et bono; and require but certainty to guide them, and substance to rest upon. Abbott, 435. 3 Mason, 16, 17, 263. Abbott, 435. And all these elements are here-found, to connect.the fund in question with the original res.
9. It may be said that viewing the fund here as proceeds, it'has lost the legal qualities of the specific thing; that it is tn'ned into mere currency; and not specifically liable any more than would be the generalmeans of the owners.
It is a well established rule of common law and eqluity, that the proceeds or pecuniary result of the thing is regarded as the represen'tative of the thing; as the thing itself: and that money may be specifi-ally appropriated,' and bound, if it can be traced, and, as a funa, idlentified.. And such is'the principle-1oo of admiralty. 1 Johns. C. R. 119. 2 Johns. C. R. 4 44. 4 Johns. C. R. 136. 7 Johns. C. R. 52.. 6 Johns. C.

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Sheppard and othersas. Taylor and others.]
R.'360. 2 East, 523. D'Wolf vs. Harris, 4 Mason, 515. Smart vs. Wolf, 3 Term Rep. 323. Park, 53. Jacobson's Sea Laws, 276. Hunter vs. Prinsep, 10 East-378. 1 Day, 193. 4 Rob. Ad. Rep. 302, 314, 347. 2 Rob. Ad. R. 343. Cowp. Rep. 251, 271. 15. Mass. 408. 1 Barr. R. 489. 6 Price's Ex. Rep. 309. Camp. N. P. C. 251. 3 Bos. and Pull. 449. 5 Barn. and Ald. 27. 1 P. W. 737. 1 Atk. 94, 102, 232. 2 Vern. 566. Co. Bank. Law, 556. 1 T. R. 26, 747. 3 Mason, 238. 1 Mason, 99. United States vs. Peters, 5 Cranch, 115, 2 Peters's Cond. Rep. 202. -
Assuming that, in point of law, the assignees stand identified with the ovners, in reference to the fund, which the 4ppel]ants heretofore endeavoured.to establish; it is-clear that the fund is affected by the lien of qur demand, as the res, from
which it springs, would be. 10. It may be said, however,' that whatever'may be the
prifieiple as to the lien on the proceeds, yet that the admiralty cannot carry its jtrisdetion to the proceeds which -hare beei produced on land, and by distinct operations there; and that the lien or specifie claim can only be-effectuated in a court of equity. It is difficult to see what greater advantages that court could afford to any of the parties, especially since an admiralty court, as has been shown, acts as.a court of equity; and where a court of admiralty has possession of a marine subject, as a marine claim or the res invol.ved in it, it will, by its incidentaljurisdiction.,go'on as a court of equity to distribute a fund among claimants; over whosb commands it could pretend to no original jurisdiction. Tife -Yacket, 3 Mason, 263. 4 Mason, 386, 387. 1 Hagg. 356, 357. .he assignees tare here amenable to this jurisdiction, as the possessors of the fund, as which they are liable equally with the fund itself. 1 Qall. 75. 1 Show. 177. 3 T. R. 332. 10 Wheat. 497. 1 Mason, 99. 7Ves. Jun. 593. 10 Wheat. 473. The fund, as the result of the thing, is like the thing, subject'to the admiralty jurisdiction. This grows out of the powers of incidental judicature, belonging to a court of admiralty. "This incidental power necessarily attaches to all jurisdictions.' As regards the admiralty, it is not confined to prize jurisdiction. 2 Peters's Cond. Rep. 2 (note), . 2 Wheat. App. 2. 2 Browns Ad. 101. 8 Cranch, 138

SUPREME COURT.
tSheppard and others vs. Taylor and others.]
It once being admitted that the fund is in law liable for the claim, it is clear from the authorities, that the admiralty must have jurisdiction to apply those means; since it is established, that if the original Uaim be Within the admiralty cognizance, all that is necessary to enforce or satisfy that claim, whether as.respectg persons or property, is within the jurisdiction; and that without regard to locality. 3 T. R. 333, 344. 1 Peters's Adm. Rep. 12.6, 232. 2 Peters's Adm. Rep. 309, 324. Abbott, 483. . 4. Cranch, 431. 2.Gall. 435, 436, 446, 462. 1 Vent. 173, 308. Hardr. 473. 1 Lord Ray. 22, 271. 2 Lord Ray. .1644, 1285. 12 Mod. 16. 2 Lev. 25. Cro. Elizab. 685. Rolle's Abr. 533. 12 Co. 97. 1 Lev. 243. 3 T. R. 207. 3Pee, 99, 370, 404. Carth. 499. 2 Mason, 541. .3 Mason, 255. "4 Mason, 380. 1 Mason, 99. 1 Hagg. 298. 9 Wheat. R. 409. 2 Price's Ex. R. 125. 10 Wheat. 497. 7 Ves. Jun. 593. 2"Str. 761. 3 Mass. R. 161
11. It may be objected, however, that the royal act in the case is a judicial declaration of the innocence of the owners, and cannot be averred against by these libellants; but is conclusive against their present claim, which is founded on the idea of the breach of contract by the owners; a conclusion di-. rectly the reverse of the royal decision: and, secondly that the libellants'cannot contradictthat decision, because they-seek the benefit of a fund which flows from it, and .of a retribution which could have been awarded only to owners free of the delinquency charged in the libel.
On these objections it may be observed, that the act of the king of Spain, according to its purport, may fairly be deemed only a bounty prescribed for prudential reasons, and prompted by motives of state, under the fanicied power of reprisals threatened; as the royal missive says, to be exercised by the senate of Maryland. It professes not to be an examination of the facts of the case, nor to know any thing of the confiscation that had taken place in Chili; and declares, in effect, that the proceeding in the cause was, at the time of the royal award, before the council of the Indies, in the regular order ofjudicial investigatioL.
It is contended, on the other side, that the royal decree is a judicial decree, and in rem, and like a prize court decree, and in its conclusive scope embracing all the world. Admit-

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Sheppard azld thers vs. Taylor and others.]
ting that it is a judicial decree, and that the king sat as prizejudge in pronouncing it; it will still be inoperative as against us, when all the principles are taken into view which regulate the effect of such decrees. It is a general principle, that judgments are binding onlkr on those who are parties to them: and it is said by justice Washington in 4 Cranch, 434, that the conclusiveness of foreign sentences was not to be enforced as a departure from that general principle; but that that, as understood and applied, was only a sequel of that very principle. The sailors were not parties to this supposed- decree of Spain, actually; and they were not so constructively; if the views presented by us be correct, as to the distinctness of the claim involved in the Spanish cause, and that now in question. In prize sentences, and in exchequer decrees, all are supposed to be parties who have a legal interest in the questions directly in the cause; and all such are allowed to intervene, and are therefore regarded as actually parties; whether they avail themselves of their privileges, or forbear to do so. Hardr. 194. 2 W. Black. 977. 5 T. R. 255. 13 John. 561. 3 Wheat. 246, 315. The Apollon, 9 Wheat. 362. 2 Evans's Pothibr, 350 t6 354. Hence the conclusiveness of these judicial acts; and such is the standard and limit of their operation; extensive as it is, but not unbounded. This.is the position, in effect, of chief justice Marshall, in 9 Crancb, 126. No one is bound by a judgment who was not actually a party to it, or mighthave made himselfso, is.the principle of common law, as to judgments generally; and, we see, is not deviated from in the case of the sentences and decrees now in question. 2 Stark., 191. So at common law, no judgment is conclusive beyond the point decided. 2 Bac. Abr. 630. 1 Paine's C. C. R. 552. So a prize sentence or a decree of an ecclesiastical court, is conclusive against all legally concerned in the point of the decree, only as to the fact concluded, on which the decree is founded; and only as regards the direct operation of the decree or sentence. 2 Evans's Pothier, 355, 356. 8 T. R. 192.
The result of the decisions then is, that in fixing th6 conclusive operation of these sentences regard must be had to the particular right in question; and the sentence is'evidence of the fact on which it rests, only so far as the fact bears any re-
VOL. V.-4 N*

SUPREME COURT.
[Sheppard and others vs. Taylor and others.]
lation to that right. Hence, these positions have been determined:
1st. That nothing collateralisto be inferred from these sentences. I'Salk. 290. 11 St. Tr. 261. 2 Stark. 234.
2d. That nothing is considered as established by them, except that without which they could not have been pronounced; that is, the points of right; and the points of fact, as related to the questions of the right specially under adjudication. 3 Craneh, 488. 4 6rancb, 2. Jennings vs. Carsony 2 Peters's Cond. Rep. 2. The Mary, 9 Cranch, 126. Sims, administrator vs. Slacum, 3 Cranch's R. 300. Ammidon vs. Smith, 1 Wheat. 447.
3d. That courts, when a sentence of this kind is invoked, will examine into all the facts on which it is founded; except only that concluded point of fact, perhaps, which is the direct and essential basis of the sentence. 4 Cranch, 185. '6Cranch, 29.
These positions seem to follow from the principles of justice that should regulate judgments; and without them there would, in the efficacy of foreign sentences, be a departure from the fair rule of law that judgments shall bind only parties; and Mr Justice Washington's remark, already referred to, as to the force of these sentences, would not be sustained.
If the act of the king'of Spain does not conclude the rights of the appellants, it cannot be pretended that such can be the effect of the award: of the commissioners under the Florida treaty. That award, we have endeavodre'd to show, was nothing more than the execution of the royal order; or rather -was founded on the conclusiveness" of that royal order, as a testimorial of the right of the owners to redress at the hands of Spain., And the disobedience of the Spani~h authorities was, of itself, a grievance, in behalf of which the commissioners would interpose; without looking into the circumstances of the owners' case as that stood when under judgment before the king of Spain. Consequently, the award and the royal order are to every effect identified; and are as much so as the judgment of the appellate tribunal is identified with that of the original. A reference to the report of the commissioners of their proceed.ings, which was made at the close of the commission, will support these views: as to the light in which they regarded the

JANUARY 'TERM i8i.
[Sheppard and others vs. Taylor ind others.]
acts of the government, or of the judicial authorities of Spain in the particular cases.
With regard, however, to the effect of these. awards, this court has already determined, that the equities of n6ne shall be precluded by them, whose pretensions have not been actu-, ally and directly passed upon by the awards. Comegys vs. Vasse, 1 Peters, 212, 213.
It is said, finally, that any recovery of the libellants in this cause must be limited to the amount of freight of the voyage; and to that amount as adjusteZI by the award of the commissioners. As regards the effect of that adjustment, having shown that our claim is not under the royal act, or under the award, it can be subject to no limitation by virtue of either. The freight awarded, if it is supposed to have included in its estimate the claim of seamens' wages, cannot be understood to have considered the enhanced wages, nor the claim for the long confinement in prison, and the whole period of suspension of our labours, which, though regarded as wages in admiralty, are intrinsically damages. The award, as concerns the freight, cannot be considered, then, as involving an ascertainrient .of the amount of our claim; and the freight fund is not consequently to be regarded, as our opponents' proposition would view it, a trust fund, of which only a part belongs to us; and that part regulated by the proportion which our wages might bear to the whole expenses of the voyage. On the other hand, there is no principle which would make even the full amount of the freight the limit of our recovery. If the owners had -been perfectly innocent, and our claim Were not founded, for almost the whole amount, on their wrong; there might be reason for saying, that our,recovery should diminish in proportion to the deficiency of freight awarded to the owners; as might, in such a case, .be inferred to be the proper rule, from 3 Mason, 163. But, even in such a case, there would be nothing to exonerate the ship from the charge; which by all is admitted, to be subject to the lien. Freight, as clearly, we think, is subject 'to this lien; and we hold that at least freight and ship are here chargeable: but that under the decision of judge Ware, and the positive authorities to which he refers, the cargo also is liable to the extent of a reasonable freight. The evidence in this cause shows that the fair freight

SUPREME COURT.
[Sheppard and others w. Taylor and others.]
-on such a voyage as the Warren's, would vastly have exceeded the amount granted by the commissioners. If their award be not binding against our rights, as we have endeavoured to show, why'should their estimate of the freight supersede all the evidence adduced to show its.proper amount? If the owners of the ship had not owned the cargo, and a freight had been actually charged on it; our pretensions could not have transcended the value of the ship and of the freight, as charged: but, ship and cargo belonging to the same persons, the freight is but a speculative item; and the amount is to be determined by evidence such as we have adduced, and on the supposition of the ship owners not owning the cargo. The proceeds of the cargo, it is always to be presumed, will pay all the freight ,and expenses attending it. Whatever sum, therefore, the - commissioners have failed to allow less than the fair'charge of freight, is to be considered as part of the proceeds of cargo illowed-for. To the extent 'of that reasonable freight, therefore,.we should be permitted to be satisfied out of the freight 'awarded, and out of the pr6ceeds of cargo allowed.
Unconnected as the mariner's contract has been shown to be with the contract of affreightment,.it seems strange that our claim, is to be commensurate only with the amount of freight; and that, -too, awarded by a tribunal whose act is in no wise eonclusive, to any- extent, against us,,as regards the merits of our claim.
Mr Taney and Mr Wirt for the assignees, appellees, stated: that the aisignees, for whom alone they appeared, were notinterested in controverting the allegations of the illegality of the Warren's voyage, or the fraud charged to have been practised upon the'libellants by the owners; and those points of faet.would, theefore, not, be contested; but, as concern., the assignees, may be deemed to be conceded. And the only points of law which would be controverted among those pre-srtedin the statement ofthe appellants, aie those which are involved .in .the following propositions, .on which alone they should insist: I
1. That the fund received by the assignees under the award of the commissioners, as stated in the record, is not liable, in, their hands, for.the wages claimed, or any part of them.

JANUARY TERM 1l31.
[Sheppard and others vs. Taylor and others.]
2. If the fund in the hands of the assignees be liable for the wages or any part of them;-the admiralty court, in its character of an instance court, has not jurisdiction to compel payment.
3. If the fund in the hind of the assignees be liable, and the court q. admiralty have jurisdiction to enforce it, the libellants are entitled to recover only such proportion" of the sum awarded for freight, as was given as a compensation for wages.
The claim originally.presented in this case was against the owners personally. It was founded on no idea of a lien.. It asserted no right against the ship, that having been condemned and the lien gone; nor did it assume that any freight had been or Would be 'earned, or that any restitution would or might he madeby Spain. The pretension of the claimants had no reference to any restoration by Spain, until after the treaty was, in 1819, entered into with Spain. Theassignments to the appellees (who alone are here represented) were made in 1819, 1820, and 1821. They are absolute; without any reservation for the seamen's claims. The libel alleges no notice to the assignees of these claims; and no contract between the assignees and sailors is pretended to exist. The original proceedings. pursue a personalremedy; and the amended libel purposes to enforce the claim against a fund, under an asserted lien which is to overreach the 'assignments. These claims are at -war with each other; the latter cannot be an incident to the former.
1. The fund in question accrues under that section of the treaty with Spain (the Florida treaty, sect. 9), which establishes indemnification for unlawful seizures; the United States being bound, by the eleventh section, to pay thecompensation. ,Thus Spain owed' as a debt to our citizens; and she placed funds in the hands of the United States to pay it: thus maling the latter trustees for the claims of a particular description; for claims, among others, arising from unzlawful seizur. The commissioners of claims under the treaty have decided the seizure in this case to le unlawful; but, admitting the'inquiry.to be yet open, and that this court should decide the seizure in Chili to have been lawful; what claim Would the seamen -have to this fund which was to pay debts of which seamen's wages was not one.

SUPREME COURT.
[Sheppard and others vs. Taylor and others.]
These seamen had no claim on Spain; and the fund which the treaty furnished belongs only to persons who had claims against her; and a decision that the voyage was illegal, or that the royal decree was obtained bk fraud, would create no right for the seamen. Nor would they defive any claim from the royal decree, if considered as an act of munificence. But the only ground on which their claim can colourably be set up, is the illegality of the seizure, and that there has been no change of property; all which is contradictory to the principle on which the fund has been awarded, and which must determine its distribution. Upon the cases iii 1 Bos. and Pull. 3, 296, and 5 Term Rep. 562, cited in answer to these views, it is to be observed, that there the fund was admitted to have been received for the benefit of the plaintiffs; and therefore the court would not allow the inquiry into the ill-gal source of it.
-Ifthe fund be the result of fraud in imposing on the king of Spain, this court will not touch it. If thus produced, it does not belong to any of the parties now before the court, but should have been distributed among the other claimants under the treaty; the treaty not having furnished a full indemnification.
It is immaterial whether the seamen were concerned or not in the fraud, so far as respects the present question; but the case shows that they were induced to abstain from appearing before the'commissioners in opposition to the assignees. If the fund was the product of fraud, it does not represent the *es ipwa; nor is it a case, as presented, where 'there could be a spes recuperandt, if the voyage was unlawful and the capture legal.
All this might be open to inquiry, if the proceedings were against the owners. The award of the commissioners is, however, conclusive, and we .cannot go behind it. Comegys vs. Vasse, 1 Peters, 193. The libel in 1810, against the owners, in personam,was proper; and cannot assume a different shape when the fund comes into existence. The ship being gone, and the lien with it, the claim should continue inper8onam, if it may be prosecuted against the owners. We, however, defend only the fund; and need not inquire how.far the owners may be personally liable. The claim now pursued cannot be a lien on the debt, unless the debt was due to the owners: and, ac-

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Sheppard and others vs. Taylor and others.]
cording to the case as exhibited by the complainants, nothing was due. to the owners. 1 Peters, 212.
In this view of the subject, the demand of the seamen can avail, at all events, only against such proportion of the commissioners' allowance for freight, as included wages; and the amount of that would be small. 1 Peters's Adm. Rep. 130. 3 Mason, 166. The amount to be recovered would be very different from that which in a suit against the owners would be allowed, where the voyage Was lost by the fraud of the owners, and the sufferings of the seamen were imputable to them. 3 Kent's Coin. 145, 146, 149. But the imposition practised upon the seamen by the owners, gave them no claim against the Spanish government, The innocency of their intentions might excuse them from punishment, but could not entitle them to reward.
If the seizure were deemed unlawful, and a restoration made, the owners, but not the fund restored, would be liable for all wages; because, with the condemnation of the rest the wages are lost and gone. The restozation. of a. sum as' freight might reattach the lien'to the money, if received by or under control of the owners; but not to the money if owned by assignees. I Peters's Adm. Rep. 130, 186, note.' 3 Mason, 91, 92, 95. 3 Kent, 149.
In reference to the freight, or 'damages in its place, the right to wages springs into existence at the moment when the money comes into the hands of the owners. If the owners are free from blame, and they receive the freight-fund, they are liable for the wages only upon the equity of their contract; and although the wages-claim may depend on the contingency of receiving freight, yet it is not a lien on. the fund, but rests exclusively in contract, and on the persional liability of the owners.
There was no lien for the wages on this fund. On the ship it existed; and, until P lawful condemnation, might have been pursued: but there was no lien on the claim against the foreign government; and none attaching to that .debt the proceeds of the debt could not be subject to it. If the debt be due at all, it is so from the moment of the unlawful condemnation and sale. How can the demand be a lien on the money received from the debt if not a lien on the debt itself ? Suppose the

SUPREME COoURT.
[Sheppard and others vs. Taylor andothers.]
owners to be solvent in this case: the owners becoming liable as soon as they had received the money, would there at the same time be a lien on the fund in the hands of the assignees?
The true principle would seem to be, that on restitution and allowance of freight, the owner is personally liable on his contract to the seamen; but the ship being gone, there can be no lien on it. It is so treated in 3 Mason, 91, 92, 95. 2 Mass. R. 39, 44. 2 Dods. 13. Abbott, 247, 476. 1 Barn. and Aid. 575. All liens are attached to the thing, or to what is placed as its substitute in the bands of the court, and through the act of the court; but not to what is the result or proceeds of the thing after many mutations. If a ship, liable to a lien for wages, were exchanged for another, the lien would not become attached to the ship received in exchange, nor upon any other specific substitute for the ship. Thus in Brooks vs. Dorr, 2 Mass. R. 39, 44, the underwriters, on abandonment, had taken the ship, but they were not held answerable for the wages. So owners receiving freight from underwriters are not on that account liable for wages. The assignees.here stand precisely on the ground with underwriters after abandonment. 3 Kent, 153. 1 Peters's Adm. Rep: 213, 214. 3 Mass. R. 563.
The claim of the seamen, being in suspense, could not be a lien. Suppose the fund in question had been paid to the agent of the owners, and he had remitted, and they had drawn for it; would the claim have been a lien on the demand in the hands of the payee; nay, of every indorser who had notice? Or suppose the owners, after wages earned, sell the ship, will they be a lien on the debt due from the purchaser? Or suppose the owners had received the fund here and paid it to the assignees, they having notice; could it be followed by the seamen in the hands of the assignees? Or suppose a mortgagor of personal property sells it, and receives a note for it, which he assigns; or that he assigns the claim against the purchaser, and that the property perishes; can the debt.be followed by the lien in the hands of the assignee?
Through how many changes is this lien to follow? 1. The ship; 2. The money in the Chilian treasury; S. The debt from the Spanish-government; 4. The Florida lands; 5. The money paid for those lands.

JANUARY TERM 1831
[Sheppard and others vs. Taylor and others.]
It is said that the assignee of a claim takes it subject to all equities. This is true as between debtor and creditor; and, so far as there is any'equity of Spain, the debtor, the assignees take it subject to it; because of Spaiu they can inquire: but not so as-to a third person. It is to be proved, that the debt due from the king of Spain was incumbered .with this claim of seamen's wages.
The assignees had no notice of this claim. The libel does not charge it, and the answers deny it. A lis pendens is notice, but only of the particular claim in the suit; and that here was a claim against the owners, personally; not upon the foundation.of a .demand against the .spes recuperandi. It was, therefore, not notice of a claim against the fund, but rather a disdclaimer of such pretension. The royal order was in 1815,, and yet the libel of the seamen continued in'personzm, andwas for a personal injury-under the charge of fraud and imposition. If .the seamen had appeared before the commissioners, they cotild not have decreed any thing for them, for they had no claim on the Spanish government. They certainly are not entitled on the ground that they concealed, what if disclosed, as they seem to allege, would have defeated the recovery of the assignees before the commissioners. But the order of the commissioners must speak for itself: and that awards the fund to the assignees, and on the ground of the unlawfulness of the seizure; which contradicts and repels the basis and merits of the present demand against *thefund.
2. If the fund be liable to this claim, the assignees are to be considered as receiving it as trustees; and if they be trustees, a court of admiralty has no jurisdiction in this case. 1 Peters'sAdm. Rep. 212, 213,,214, 215. 8 Johns. Rep. 237. 1 Ves. Sen. 98. 3 Mass. Rep, 464. 5 Rob. Adm. Rep. 155, 158, 160. The obligation to pay here, if it exist, must arise from a contract implied by courts of common law and of equity; and this contract cannot be the foundation of proceedings in the instance court. The only ground of claim on which the appellants,'rely is the supposed lien. But it must be remembered, that the present is a proceeding in rm, and notin personam; and the question of lien is not identical with that of jurisdiction, which last is the antecedent inquiry: a jurisdic- ,
VOL. V.-4 0

SUPREME COURT.
[Sheppard and others -s. Taylor and others.]
tion once established over the res, the court then, but not until then, exercises incidental powers; and may over such an admitted subject ofjurisdictiont,, act upon the principles of a court of equity. But the res must be in possession of the instance court to attach the jurisdiction, and that res to which the lien was fastened. 4 Cranch, -23. 1 Paine, 620. 1 Gall. 75.
The case is not to be likened to that of a prize court's jurisdiction, for that jurisdiction is exclsive, and no other court can try the questions. And in prize courts, therefore, the proceeds are followed, not by reason of any supposed lien, but because the question .of prize or no prize is involved in the controversy. Doug. 594, 613, note. 3 T. R. 323. 6 Taunt, 439. 2 Brown's Adm. L.'217, 218, 219. 1 Dall. 218. 1 Bay, 470. 16 Johns. Rep. 327. No aid can, therefore, be borrowed from the dpcisions in prize causes: d prize court followingtheproceeds, not on the ground of lien, but of exchsive jurisdiction. But where is this jurisdiction to end? In the cases of prize, when the rights of parties, immediately springing from the 'capture, are settled, the jurisdiction ceases; but not so with this doctrine of lien on the proceeds of the res ipasa, which would make the jurisdiction, it would seem, interminable. The ship is sold for. goods; the goods are converted into money; the money is investeat in land; yet it is still proceeds subject to the lien, and liable to be followed by the admiralty court, and subject to itsjurisdiction. And under the authority of 1Paine's C. C. Rep. 180, it is said too, that notice is'not necessary to charge the hona fide purchaser, in the pursuit of these proceeds.
S. So far as this fund is concerned, it is conclusively settled thaf the seizure was unlawful and the owners not in fault; and the voyage not having been performed, it is only the recovery. and receipt of the freight which gives the right to wages, and furnishes the fund for paying them. Ths entire freight was not allowed by the commissioners. The full amount due -as claimed, and proved, was forty thousand dollars; and theamount allowed was only thirteen thousand eight hundred and sixty dollars. As freight then, for the whole voyage, was not allowed; the seamen are entitled to wagespro rataonly. 3 Masen,. 166. 3 Kent's Coin. 149. 1 Peters's Adm. Rep. 186, Judge Winchester's Opinion. 10 Mass. Rep. 143.

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Sheppard and others vs. Taylor and others.)
It does not appear for what part of the voyage freight was allowed. The just rule-in this case then, as laid down in 3 Kent's Com. 149, would seem to be, to regulate the amount of wages by the amount of freight recovered; that is, to apportion it between the owners and the seamen. In reference to the present questions as to thefund, the owrners in distributing the fund are to be regarded as innocent sufferers, and share in the freight. By the royal order, they were entitled to three hundred thousand dollars; but the commissioners' award gave them (subject to the deduction of one-t~elfth) only one hundred and sixtynine thousand one hundred and fifty dollars, and ninety-eight cents. Two months wages had been advanced to the seamen at the beginning of the voyage. The amount of freight awarded, was not in the control'of the owners. If no freight had been awarded, the seamen, according to our present views, would have become entitled to no wages. To make theamount of wages then more than proportional to the amount of freight recovered, would be to punisb th owners for not abandoning all claim for freight.
The wages cannot be recovered for a period beyond the time of capture, making a term of five months; from which must be deducted two months, the wages for that time being paid in advance.
This view is founded on the conclusive nature of the award.
Mr Justice STORy delivered the opinion of the Court. This is an appeal from a pro forma decree of the circuit court of the district of Maryland, in a case in admiralty, for mariners' wages. The original libel (which was filed in December 1810) was against the owners in personam; alleging among other things, that the libellants (six in number)shipped ou bound the Warren in August 1806, to perform a voyage from Baltimore to the northwest coast, thence to Canton in the East Indies, and thence back again to Baltimore; that they proceeded on the voyage; but that with the privity and consent of the owners the ship deviated, without any justifiable cause, from the voyage, and arrived at Conception Bay on the coast of Chili, for the purpose of carrying on an illicit trade against-the dolonial laws of Spain; that the vessel was there

SUPREME COURT.
[Sheppard and others vs. Taylor ana others.]
seized by the 'Spanish authorities, and finally decreed to, be forfeited; the crew were taken on shore and held for a great length of time in imprisonment; and afterwards, having effected their escape, arrived in the United States in 1810. The owners appeared and mnade a defensive answer; which was excepted to, and afterwards amended. Some testimony was taken; but no further proceedings appear to have been had until October 1818, when .an amended libel was filed by the libellants and others (in all fifty-seven persons); and in June 1819 another amended libel by another.of the seamen. The only allegation in these supplements which it is material to mention is, that the owners had received-tije whole or a part of the proceeds of -the ship and cargo. At a later period in the year 1819, alfthe owners became insolvent. In December 1819, Lemuel Taylor (one of the owners) assigned to Robert Oliver all his interest in the proceeds of the Warren and cargo, whenever recovered; in November 1820, Smith and Buchanan (two other o~wners) assigned, among other things, all their interest in the proceeds of the ship and cargo to Jonathan Meredith and Thomas Ellicott, in trust for the Bank of the United States and other creditors; and in May 1821, Hollins and M'Blair, the other owners, assigned all their interest in the pioceeds of the ship and cargo to the Union Bank: all these assignments were made to secure debts antecedently due. Long before these assignments, to wit in June 1815, the owners had procured from the king of Spain a royal order for the restitution of the ship and cargo. But no restitution having been in fact made, the assignees laid their claim before the commissioners appointed under the treaty with Spain of 1819, commonly called the Florida treaty; and the commissioners in 1824 awarded them compensation as follows: for the shiI Warren twenty-five thousand dollars; for the cargo, one hundred and twenty-ve thousand one hundred and thirty-one dollars and ninety-tree cents; and for the freight thirteen thousand eight hundred and sixty dollars. This amount was accordingly paid to them by the United States. In December 1825, the libellants filed a new libel by way of petition against the owners, and against their assignees, setting forth their grievances in a more aggra-vated form; and alleging the award and receipt of the proceeds

JANUARY TERM 1831.
ESheppard and others vs. Taylor and others.]
by the assignees, and the promises of the owners to indemnify -and pay them out of the proceeds, whenever redovered,.fo the full amount of their wages; and accounting for their not having proceeded to a decreejn personam, against the owners; except so far as to have a docket entry, in June 1822, of a "cdecree on terms to be filed" (which was afterards rescinded), solely upon the faith of those promises; and praying process against the owners, and also against the assignees, to pay them the amount out of the proceeds in their hands. Answers were duly filed by the owners and the asdignees; the former asserting that they -had parted with 611 their interest in the funds; and the latter asserting their eiclusive title to the same under the assignments, and denying any knowledge of any agreement of the owners in respect to the claim of wages, or of the other matters stated in the petition.
Further testimony was taken; and finally, by consent of the parties at May term 1828, a decree pro forma passed, affirming the decree of the district court, dismissing the libels and petition exhibited in the cause: from "which decree the case now stands upon appeal before this court.
Such is a very brief statement of the principal proceedings in this protracted sdit: in. its duration almost unparalleled in the annals of the admiralty; whose anxious desire and boasted prerogative it is to administer justice, as the metaphor is, velis levatis. A great portion .of the delay (which would oierwise seem a reproach to our law), can be attributed to no other cause than the voluntary acquiescence of all the parties, under the peculiar circumstances growing out of new emergencies in its progress.
The cause has been most elaborately and learnedly argued atthe bar, upon a variety of points suggested by the different postures of the care. The view, however, taken by us of the merits, renders it wholly uinnecessary.for'us to go into any examination of many of these points; and this opinion will be accordingly confined to those only which are indispensable to a decision; and which, we trust, after such a lapse of time will prove a final decision.
The first question is, whether in point of fact the libellants have substantially sustained the allegations in 'the libels and

SUPREME COURT.
[Sheppard and others vs. Taylor and others.]
petition in respect to the voyage; to their ignorance of the intended illicit trade; to the seizure of the ship and to their own imprisonment and separation from it: which are necessary to maintain their claim for wages. And we are of opinion that the evidence upon these points is conclusive. Without going into the particulars, it may be said that few cases could bepresented under circumstances of more aggravation; and in which the proofs were more clear, that the seamen were the victims of an illicit voyage, for which they never intended to contract. and in which they had no voluntary participation.
Such then being the state of the facts, the law upon the subject is very clear. It is, that the seamen are entitled tQ full wages from the time of their shipping on the voyage, to the time of their return to the United States; deducting their advance wages, and whatever they have earned (if -ny) in any intermediate employment. This is the general rule in courts of admiralty in cases of this nature; where the libel seeks nothing beyond compensation in the nature of wages. To this extent the seamen a 'e entitled to a decree against the owners. But they being insolvent, it becomes necessary to inquire whether they have not also a remedy against the assignees holding the proceeds of the ship, cargo, and freight imtheir hands.
If the ship had been specifically restored, there is no doubt that the seamen might have proceeded against it in the admiralty in a suit, in rem, for the whole compensation due to them. They have by the maritime law an indisputable lien to this extent.. This lien is so sacred and indelible, that it has, on more than one occasion, been expressively said, that it adheres to the last plank of the ship. 1 Peters's Adm. Rep. note, 186, 195. 2 Dodson's Rep. 13. The Neptune, 1 Hagg. Adm. Rep. 227, 239.
And, in our opinion, there is no difference between the case of a restitution in specie of the ship itself, and a restitutipn in value. The lien reattaches to the thing and to whatever is substituted for it. This is no peculiar principle of the admiralty. It is found incorporated into.the doctrines of courts of common law and equity. The owner and the lien holder,. whose claims have beer. wrongfully displaced, may follow the proceeds wherever they can distinctly trace them. In respect,

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Sheppard and others vs. Taylor and o1hers.]
therefore, to the proceeds of the ship, we have no difficulty in affirming that the lien in this case attache§ to them.
In respect to the freight, there is more room for argument. That there is an intimate connexion between the freight and the wages; that the right to the one is generally, though not universally) dependent upon the other; is doctrinefamiliar to all those who are conversant with maritime law: and has given rise to .the quaint expression, that freight is the mother of wages. Indeed, freight being the earningi of the ship in the course of the voyage, it is the natural fund out of which the wages are contemplated to be paid; for though the ship is bound by the lien of wages, the freight is relied on as the fund to discharge it, and is also relied on by the master to discharge his personal responsibility. We think, then, that this relation between the freight and wages does,'by the principles of themaritime law, create a claim or privilege in favour of the seamen, to proceed against it under the circumstances of the present case.
Here, the owner of the ship is also owner of the cargo. There baA been an award allowing the assignees freight, as a' distinct item; and the owners are insolvent. If the master of the ship were living, he would have a direct lien upon the freight for his disbursements, and liability for wages; and through him the seamen would have the means of asserting a claim on it. We can peiceive no principle then, why, in the. present case, the seamen may not justly assert a claim on the freight; if the proceeds of the.ship are exhausted, without satisfying the amount of their wages. No authority has been produced against it; and we think it justly deducible from the general doctrines of the maritime law on this subject.
It has been argued that the admiralty has no jurisdiction in this case; but we are of opinion that the objection is unfounded. Over the subject of seamen's wages, the admiralty has an undisputed jurisdiction, in rem, as well as in personam; and wherever the lien for the wages exists and attaches upon proceeds, it is the familiar practice of that court to exert its juris-" diction over them, by way of monition to the parties holding the proceeds. This,is familiarly known in the cases of prize, and bottomry, and salvage; and isequally applicable to the case of wages.

SUPREME COURT.
[Sheppard and others vs. Taylor and others.]
In respect to the claim of the assignees to hold the proceeds for their exclusive use,,as bona fide purchasers;, we think it cannot be maintained in point of law. In respect to the ship and its proceeds, they stand in no better situation than the original owners. They take the title, cum onere. The lien will follow theship, and its proceeds, into whosever hands they may come by title or purchase from the owner. In respect to the freight, the same consideration does not necessarily apply. But here the assignees (though there is no dodbt that they are bona' fide holders) have taken their assignments as mere securities for antecedent debts; and had either actual or constructive notice of the claims of the seamen, when they received their conveyances. There was not only the lispendensto aflect them with constructive notice; but the very circumstance of the derivation oftheir title from the owners was sufficient to put them upon inquiry. It was indispensable to enable them to make an available
'claim before the commissioners. So that in both views they are unprotected, as against the libellants.
This view of the matter disposes of the principal questions necessary for the decision of the cause; as we are of opinion that the whole proceeds of the ship and- freight, in tLe hands' of the assignees, are liable to the payment of the seamen's wages. We think there is no claim whatsoever upon the proceeds of the cargo; as that is not in any manner hypothecated, or subjected to the claim for wages.
It has been supposed, at the argument, that there is some repugnancy in the petition of the seamen, in asserting a claim for wages on the ground that the voyage was illicit; rand in asserting a claim against the proceeds in the hands of the assignees, upon the ground that the voyage was lawful, and therefore the award of compensation to the owners was rightful. But upon a just consideration of the matter, no such repugnancy exists. The allegation on the part of the seamen is, that they shipped on one voyage, which was lawful, and that they were carried on another voyage, for which they did not ship; and in which the ship was seized, and they were imprisoned for being engaged in an illicit trade. Now the voyage in respect to them might be vholly tortious and illicit, because it was not within the scope of their contract; and they may have been thereby subjected to all the consequences of an

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Sheppard and others rs. Taylor and others.]
Illicit trade, although, as between the owners and th Spanish authorities, the voyage may have been specially permitted as an exception to the general colonial prohibitions, or at least may not have been disapproved of in the particular instance. If the king of Spain had a right to make the seizure, and pursue it to condemnation; yet he might, under all the circumstances, deem it just or expedient, as between the owners and himself, to order restitution; and when such restitution was so made, as between himself and them, the voyage might be deemed no longer subject to'the imputation of illegality. If the order of restitution was not complied with, it coustituted a good claim against Spain; and consequently a good claim under the Florida treaty.
The award of the commissioners is conclusive on this
subject; but it concludes no more than its own correctness. .Suppose the ship, after a seizure and conddrmnation by the local Spanish authorities, had, upon appeal, been skecifically restored by the king 9 f Spain; iher6 is no pretence to say that-she might not have been proceeded against in the ddmiralty, for the full compensation of the seamen. Their right to such compensation, in such a case, would depend, not upon the fact w'.:ether there were tn illegal service or not; but upon the fact whether there had been an unjustifiable deviation from the voyage contracted for; and there is 'no legal distinction, as has been already stated, between proceeding against the ship and against the proceeds restored in yalue.
In respect to the claim of interest made by 'the libellants, we are of opinion that under the peculiar circumstances of this case, none ought to be allowed upon their wages; except for the period of time which has elapsed since the petition was filqd against the assignees and owners on the 1st of December .1825. The previous delay was, as it seems to us, either a voluntary delay, assented to by all parties; or else, under circumstances of so imuch doubt as to the nature and extent of the claim, as ought to preclude any claim for interest. -"The assignees having had the funds in their hands since that period, must be presumed to have made. interest on them; and therefore, fhere is no hardship ii considering them liable to pay interest to the seamen.
The cause not having been heard U'lfon -the merits, either in
VoCL. V.-4 P

SUPREME COURT.
[Sheppard and others vs. Taylor and others.],
the district or eircuit court, it is impossible for this court to ascertain the precise amount to which the libellants are respectively entitled; without a reference to a commissioner to aseeftin and report the amount, upon the principles already stated. It 'will be necessary, therefore, to remand the cause to the circuit court for this purpose; and it is to be understood, in order to avoid any further delays, that the commissioner is to proceed With all reasonable despatch; and is to report to the court the amount due to each seaman as soon as he shall ascertain the same: so that each may have a separate decree (as in libels of- this sort he well may), for his own share, without waiting for any final-decree upon the claims of the others.
Where the exact time of the return of any seaman cannot be ascertained, the commissioner will make an average estimate, as near as the facts will enable him to do so. In case of the death of any seaman, who is a libellant, his administrator is to -be brought before the court before any final decree is entered upon his claim.
A special order will be drawn up by the court, to be sent to the circuit court for its direction upon these points; and the* decree of the circuit court is reversed, and the cause remanded accordingly.
This cause.came. on to be heard on .the transcript of the record from the circuit court of 'the United States, for the district-of Maryland, and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, it is ordered, adjudged, and decreed by the court, that .the decree of the circuit court affirming the decree of the district court dismissing the libels and petition, in this cause be, andthe same is hereby reversed: and this court, proceeding to- render such decree as the circuit court ought to have rendered; it is further ordered, adjudged and decreed, that the libellants are entitled to full wages according to the terms of their original shipping articles or contract, from the time of their shipping until their return and arrival in the United States, after the seizure of the said ship Warren and cargo, in the manner in the proceedingsmentioned; deducting therefrom any advaree wages paid to them, and any wages earned by theem in any employment in the intermediate period;

JADJUARY TERM 1831.
[Sheppard and others vs. Taylor and others.]
and that a decree be entered against the Owners of the said ship in the said proceedings mentioned, for the amount of such wages, as soon as the same shall be ascertained in the manner hereinafter stated, with interest thereon, from the 1st day of
December 1825. And it is further ordered, adjudged and decreed, that a
decree be rendered: against the other respondents in this cause for the ppyment of the same wages when so asceitained, with interest .as aforesaid- out of the funds and proceeds (but not exceeding the funds, and proceeds) of the said ship Warren, and freight received by them under the assignments and the award of the commissioners urnder the treaty with Spain in the said proceedings mentioned: to wit: out of the sum of twenty-five thousand dollars awarded for the said ship; and the sum of thirteen thousand eight hundred and sixty dollars awarded for the freight thereof; according to the proportions thereof by them respectively received as aforesaid: and that interest at the rate of six per cent per annum, be paid by them and considered as a part of the said funds and proceeds, from the time when the petition and libel against them was"filed: to wit: from the ist day of December 1S25, until the time when a final decree isand shall be inade in the premises by the circuit couf.; or until'the same runds and proceeds shall by order of the circuit court be broughtinto the registry of the court.
And it is further ordered, and adjudged and decreed, that this cause be remanded to the circuit court with the following directions.
1. To refer it to the bommissioner to ascertain, from the evidence, and proceedings,.and other proper evidence; the amount due to each of the libellants, for wages and interest thereon; upon the principles stated in this decree. And that 'hebe required, forthwith, and as soon as may be, to proceed upon this duty, and to report to the circuit court the amount due to each of the libellants separately, as soob as h shall have ascertained the same; sO that a separate and several decree may be entered therefor to each libellant respectively.
2. In cases where the exact time of the return of any of the libellants cannot be ascertained; the.commissioner is to make

SUPREME COURT.
[Sheppard and others -s.Taylor and others.]
an average estimate of the time, as near asthe facts will enable him to do so, and to report accordingly.
S. In cases where any of the libellants have died during the pendency of the proceedings in this suit, no final decree is to be entered in respect to such libellant, until his personal representatives shall become party to the suit.
Mr Taney, of counsel for the appellees in this cause, filed the following suggestipns in writing:
"The supreme court having announced their intention to send a special direction to the circuit court, stating the principles on which this case i&to be finally settled; and the case on the part of the assignees, who are appellees, having been prepared merely with a view to obtain the decision of this court an the points which have been argued and decided; they pray that they may be allowed to offer further proof, on the following points, either in this court or the circuit cou.rL 1. The expenses incurred by the owners in prosecuting 'this claim in Spain, in order to procure the order of restoration. 2. The expenses.of the assignees in prosecuting the claim- before the 3omnmissioners under the Florida treaty. 3. The amount of the compensation to which the assignees are entitled for their services, as general agents for those interested in the fund. 4. The said appellees beg leave -also to be permitted to offer in evidence, either in this court or in the circuit court, the records of the proceedings against them in the said court, sitting as a court of. chancery, in relation to the fund now in question; in which said proceedihgs the money received by them, under the award of the commissioners under the Florida treaty, was by order of the -said circuit court, paid into qourt by the aforesaid assignees, and by the decree of the said court, distributed among-certain clakimants. 5. The said appellees also pray to be permitted to offer in.evidence, the record of the proceedingb in the chancery court of Maryland, in relation to a part of 'the said fund; so that; in case tt~ere should be a conflict of thejurisdiction, they may not be made liable to pay the amount due into both courts."
The counsel.for the appellee, on these suggestions, moved the court to rescind and annul the decree entered in this cause; and for leave -to reargue the same.

JANUARY TERM 183i.
[Sheppard and others vs. Taylor and others.] This motion was opposed by the counsel for the appellants; and an argument in writing, for and against the motion, was submitted. Afterwards the court made the following order:
And now, upon another and subsequent day of said January terfi, upon hearing the written motion made in behalf of the assignees, who are respondents in the said cause, and the arguments thereon, by the parties; it is further ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court; that the said assignees shall be allowed, in taking an account of the funds in their hands, to deduct therefrom a portion, pro rata, of the disbursements and expenses which have been actually incurred by them in prosecuting their claim before the commissioners, under the Florida treaty, in the proceedings mentioned; and also shall be allowed to deduct therefrom two and one half per cent commission, as a compensation for their services, in and, about the prosecution thereof as aforesaid; and for this purpose they shall be allowed to produce new proofs before the said circuit court, and any commissioner appointed by the said court to take an account in the premises. But the parties (respondents) shall not be at liberty to adduce any~proof of, or be allowed to deduct from said funds any expenses, or disbursements, or charges, incurred by the owners ofthe said ship Warren, in Spain, or otherwise; in order, to procure the royal order of restoration in the said proceedings mentioned. And it is further ordered, adjudged, and decreed, that. the said assignees shall be at liberty to offer in evidence the proceedings in the said chancery suits, in the-said written motion, mentioned in the said circuit court, and before the commissioner aforesaid; reserving to the said circuit court, and commissioner respectively, the full right a.nd liberty to judge whether the same suits, or either of them, are properly admissible, or cdmpetent as evidence, in any matter before the said court, or commissioner, under the farther proceedings in this cause, to be had in the said circuit court.
Mr Justice BALD-wN dissented from the order in relation to the proceedings in the circuit court, and the allowance of acommission to the defendants.

SUPREME COURT.
ALEXANDER B. SHANKLAND, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR VS. THE
MAYOR, ALDERMEN AND COMMON COUNCIL OF WASHING-
TON, DEFENDANTS IN ERROR.
The plaintiff was the owner of a half ticket in "the fifth class of the National Lottery," authorized by the charter granted by congress to the cityof Washington. The number of the original ticket was 5591, whici drew a prize of twenfive thousand dollars. The whole ticket was in the hands of Gillespie, to whom all the tickets in the lottery had been sold by the corporation of Wash. ington; and his agent issued the half ticket, which was signed by him as the agent of Gillespie, the purchaser of allthe tickets in the lottery. After the drawing of the prize, and before notice of the interest of any other person in the ticket No. 5591, Gillespie returned the original ticket to the managers, or commissioners of the lottery, and the agents of the corporation, and received back from the corporation an equivalent to the value of the prize drawn by it, in securities deposited by hin with the corporation for the payment of the prizes in the lottery. Held. that the corporation of Washington were not liable for the payment of half of the prize drawn by ticket No. 5591, to the owner of the half ticket.
The purchaser of tickets in a lottery, authorized by an act of congress, has a right 'to sell any portion of such ticket, less than the whole. The party to whom the sale has been made would thus Become the joint owner of the ticket thus divided, but not a joint owner by virtue of a contract with the corporation of Washington, but with the purchaser in his own right, and on his own account. The corporation promise to pay the whole prize to the possessor of the whole ticket, but there is-no.promise on the face of the whole ticket that the corpo-
ration will pay any portion of a prize to any subholder of a share: and it is not in the power of a party, merely by his own acts, to split up a contract into fragments, and to make the protnisor liable to every holder of a fragment for a share. " 'It is certainly very difficult to maintain, that in a court of law any parol evidence is admissible, substantially to change the purport and effect of a written instrument, and to impose upon it a sense which its terms not only do not imply, but expressly repel. It is a general rule of law that a delegated authority cannot be delegated. This case came before the court under an unusual agreement of the parties, by which matters df fact, properly cognizable before a jury, are submitted to the judgment of the court. The court desire t,be understood as not admitting that it is competent for the parties by any such agreement to impose this duty upon them. The peculiar circumstances of this case furnish a sufficient apology for this agreement, but it is not to be drawn into precedent.
THIS case was brought up by writ of error to the circuit cQurt of the county of Washington, in the district of Columbia, and after argument, at Jandary term 1830, was held under advisement until this term.

JANUARY TERM 1831.

391 -

[Shankland vs. The Corporation of Washington.]
The facts of the case, with the exception of those stated more particularly in the opinion bf the court, in this caser are the same with those of the case of Clark against the Corporation of Washington, reported in 12 Wheat. 40.

The case was argued by Mr Wirt and Mr Swann for the plaintiff; and by Mr Jones and Mr Key for the defendants.

Mr Justice STony delivered the opinion of the Court. This is a writ of error to the circuit court of the district of Columbia, sitting in the county of Washington. The original action was brought by the plaintiff in error, to recover the amount of one half of the prize of twenty-five thousand dollars, which was drawn in a lottery authorized by the corporation of Washington, by ticket No. 5591, of which the plaintiff asserted himself to be the owner and possessor in the manner hereafter stated. The declaration was for money had and received; and it was agreed by the parties to state a case, and if upon the case so stated, the court should be of opinion that the corporation were liable to the plaintiff for the half of the prize sued for, judgment should be rendered upon the declaration for the amount due him accordingly. It was further agreed that the question of th6 admissibility, competency, nd sufficiency of the evidence to maintain th6 action, should be submitted to the court: and that in considering the evidence, the court should draw from -it, so far as it was admissible and competent, every inference of fact and law which it would have been competent for a jury to have drawn from it. Upon. this case the circuit court gave judgmeht for the corporation, and the present writ of error is brought to review that judgment. The loctery was the same which was brought before this
court for consideration in the case of Clark vs. The Corporation of Washington, 12 Wheat. 40; and the leading facts being the pame, it is unnecessary to do more than advert to those facts which are peculiar to this case, and furnish the ground of argument to distinguish it from the former.
The decision in that case was, that the lottery was the lottery of the corporation; that the tickets issued were the tickets of the corporation, contained a promise of the corporation;

SUPREME COURT.
[Shankland vs. The Corporation of Washington.]
made by its authorized agent to pay such prizes as should be drawn by them; that the sale of all the tickets in the lottery to Gillespie, under the contract made by him with 'the managers, wis not a sale of an independent right to draw the lottery for himself, and on his own responsibility alone,
but was in effect a sale of the profits of the lottery for a given' sum. And the reasoning in the case shows that Gillespie became the absolute owner of all the whole tickets signed in behalf of the corporation and delivered to him, but not of those unsigned; and of course the possessors of such signea tickets, whether himself or subsequent purchasers, were entitled to the prizes drawn to them from the corporation as promisees. If, therefore, the plaintiff in the present case had been the possessor of the whole ticket which drew the prize of twenty-five thousand dollars, he would have been clearly entitled to recover it from the corporation. But the whole ticket was in the hands of Gillespie, as possessor; and it was (as the state of the facts shows), delivered by him to the corporation, after the prize was drawn, without any notice on their part of any sub-interest in another; and that upon such delivery rillespie received back from the corporation. an equivalent value in securities, previously deposited by him with the corporation for the payment of prizes. As between Gillespie and themselves, the 'corporation -have paid, the prize; they have paid it to the possessor according to the terms of the ticket; and the question is whether, under these circumstances, they are still liable topay to the plaintiff as owner of the half ticket, one half of the amount, notwithstanding they niad no notice of his interest or title.
It is in-evidence in the case that all tickets sold in the lottery were sold by Gillespie, or his agents, and for his beuefit; and all the moneys arising therefrom were received by him or his agents. This was on his part a proper proceeding; for by the very terms of the contract he was entitled to all the tickets signed and delivered to him; and when he sold these tickets, be sold them as owner, on his own account, having already acquired a legal title thereto from the corporation.
No half or quarter tickets were ever signed or issued by the managers of the lottery, or any of them. But it is in evidance that one Webb, as clerk of Gillespie, was in the habit

JANUARY TERM 1831.
EShankland vs. The Corporation of Washington.]
of selling whole tickets, half tickets, and quarter tickets, and that, as the clerk of Gillespie, he sold to the plaintiff one half of the ticket No. 5591. The whole ticket No. 5591 was signed by the president of the board of managers. The half or sub-ticketrpurchased by the pltaintiff, was in the following terms: "National Lottery,-Gjllespie's lottery office-No. 5591. This ticket will entitle, the possessor to one half of such prize as may be drawn to its number, if demanded within twelve months after the completion of the drawing; subject to a deduction of fifteen per cent; payable sixty days after the drawing is finished. Washington city, February 7th, 1821. D. Gillespie, per John F. Webb:" and in the margin there was an abstract of the prizes to be drawn in the lottery.
Does this sub-ticket constitute a contract by which the corporation were bound to pay half the prize to the possessor, or is it the mere private contract of Gillespie? Upon the face of the paper it purports to be a contract, not for or on behalf of the corporation, 'but for and in behalf of Gillespie, by his agent Webb? -Gillespie, and not the corporation, promises to pay the half prize drawn to it. In what manner, then, can it bind the corporation?
In the first place, it was entirely competent foi Gillespie to enter into such a contract on his own account. As owner and possessor of the whole ticket, if he had made saleof the whole, it would have been on his owh account; for he who sells as owner cannot in any just use of language be said to sell as agent. He would have conveyed his own title, as he then hIeld it, and not as agent of another. He would have substituted another as possessor and transferree, to whom the original promise -of the corporation would then have attached. But Gillespie, as owner, had also a perfect right to sell any portion of such ticket, less than the whole. The party to whom he should sell would thus become a joint owner with him; but not a joint owner in virtue of any new contract made by the corporation, but by Gillespie, in his own right, and on his own. account. The corporation promise to pay the whole prize to the possessor of the whole ticket; but there is fio promise on the face of the-whole ticket that tfie corporation vill pay any portion of the prize to any sub:holder of a
VOL. V.--:2 Z

SUPREME COURT.
[ShaDkland vs. The Corporation of Washington.]
share; and it is not in the power of a party merely by his own acts to split up a contract into fragments, and to make the -promisor liable to every holder of a fragment for his share.
The laiguhge of this court -in Mandeville vs. Weldh, 5 Wheat. 77, 286, leads to a very different conclusion. If this had been the case of a bank note payable to bearer, there is no pretence to say that a person claiming a moiety by contract with the bearer, could have maintained a suit against the bank upon such contract for the moiety; when the note itself had been surrendered up tb'the bank by the bearer. In what respect does such a case differ from the present? Suppose, after this sub-ticket was issuedl Gil!esple had sold and delivered .the whole ticket to another person, having no notice; would not the latter have been entitled to recover the whole prize from the corporation? If so, would the corporation still be liable to pay _the half prize -to the plaintiff? If not, in what respect does the case at bar differ in principle from that put; since, inj legal effect, the prize has'been paid.to the real possessor of the whole ticket? By the contract contained on the face of the whole ticket, the corporation promised to pay the possessor of it the prize drawn by it. They have done so. How then can their liability upon the face of the instrument be extended to claims by persons entering into sub-contracts with the holder of the ticket?
But in the next place, it is said that Gillespie was the agent of the corporation in signing and issuing these sub-tickets; and that they are therefore evidence of a contract by the corporation with the holder of the sub-ticket, that the corporation will pay tfe proportion of the prizes drawn by them. Let us see how far this proposition is borne out by the evidence. In the first place, the only evidence of such a contract with the" plaintiff, is the sub-ticket itself; and that, as we have seen, purports on its face to be a contract, not of the corporation, but of Gillespie. It is certainly very difficult to maintain, that in a court of law any parol evidence is admissible substantially to change the purpose and effect of a written instrument, and to impose upon it a sense which its terms not only do not imply, but expressly repel. Even if it vere otherwise, there is not the slightest evidence in this case that Webb was ever -authorized..by the corporatioiito be their agent for any lur-

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Shankland 6B. The Corporation of Washington.]
pose whatsoever. On the contrary, Webb himself expressly states, that he issued and sold this sub-ticket, and signed the same, as clerk of, and for Gillespie; and he adds that all the tickets sold in the lottery were sold for.the benefit of Gillespie. So that- his own view of the matter is that-he was the agent, not of the corporation, but of Gillespie.
But it has been argued that Gillespie was himself the agent of the corporation in the sale of the whole tickets, and by fair implication, in the sale of the sub-tickets also; If it were so, it would still be difficult to show that he had a right to delegate such authority to his clerk, or that without such delegation the act of the clerk bound the corporation; for the general rule of law is, that a delegated authority cannot be delegated.
But waiving any consideration of this point, let us see whether the evidence contains any such authority to Gillespie himself. In the first plac.e, did he act as agent of the corporation in selling the whole'tickets or as owner of them. The evidence in thp case (as has been repeatedly stated) is that he was the owfier of the whole tickets; thai he sold them and received the moneys for them on his own account. And, if he was the owner, it is difficult to perceive, how he could act as agent of another in the sale of what was exclusively his own property. But the whole tickets were signed by the president of the managers, and with their consent; and thus bound the- corporation' as the act of their authorized agbnt. None of the sub-tickets were so signed or issued; but theywere signed in behalf of Gillespie only. This alone shows that the managers did not cQnemplate the issue of any but whole tickets to bind the corporation. If they had contemplated any issue of sub-tickets, why were the latter not also signed by the president and delivered to Gillespie?
The contiact between the managers and Gillespie does not contain any provision respecting the issue of sub-tickets; nor' doesit appear that Gillespie ever requested the managers tosign or deliver any. But it is said that it maybe inferred from the other circumstances of the case, that Gillespie was authorized to issue such sub-tickets; and the advertisements published in the papers by Gillespie, in which he announces the prizes, the names of the managers, and the offer of whole, half and quarter tickets for sale, raise an irresistible presumption of the

SUPREME COURT.
[Shankland vs. The Corporation of Washington.)
fact. We do not think so. Those circumstances are, to say the least, quite as consistent with the exercise of this right on his own account, as with the exercise of any right as agent of the corporation. He was owner of all the whole tickets; and he certainly had a right to dispose of them in any manner which he might deem best for his own interest, whether it was in wholes, or halves, or quarters, or ahy other sub-divisions. The corporation had no authority to obstruict or limit Rim in the full exercise of this right; and any contract which he ,should make with third persons for the sale of sub-interests in a single ticket, the corporation had as little to do with as they would have with a contract to sell a hundred or thousand tickets to the same persons. Their contract was to pay the possessor of the whole ticket any prize which it might draw. Beyond that, they-were not bound to inquire into or take notice of any sub-interest, whether equitable or legal, acquired under Gillespie. In point of fact it should senm, as well from Webb's tdstimony as from the conduct of Gillespie, that he so understood the matter; for there is no lvidence that he ever made any returns to the managers of the issues of such sub-tickets, or in any other manner consulted them on the subject; or that they took any step to guard themselves from a double issue of the whole ticket, or of sub-tickets of the same number. When the managers-took so much care to lknit and control the issue of whole tickets, by refusing to sign them except as Gillespie furnished them with security for payment; is it to be believed, that they had yet entrusted him with.an unlimited power to issue sub-tickets binding the corporation, which might and indeed would defeat the whole effect of these precautions? It seems to us not; and the very form of the subticket itself, is strong corroborative evidence to repel the~presumption, that the corporation intended to bnd themselves otherwise than by the written signature of one of their owh managers, who were specially deputed to conduct 'the sale and drawing of the lottery: and there is much reason to doubt if the managers could have deputed their rights or duties in this iespect to any third person, so that he could enter into contracts for and to bind-the corporation. Upon the whole, it is the opinion of the cour4 that the plaintiff in this case is not entitled to recover, his contraet-

JANUARY TERM 1831.
-Shankland vs. The Corporation of Washington.]
not being with the corporation or their agent, but solely with Gillespie.
This view of the case renders it unnecessary to consider the other question made at the bar, whether t&e lottery was or was not illegal in its scheme and origin.
This cas6 has come before the court under an unusual agreement of the parties, by which matters of fact properly cognizable by a jury, are submitted to our judgment. We desire to be understood as not admitting that it is competent for the parties by any such agreement to impose this duty upon the court. The peculiar circumstances of this case furnish a sufficient apology for this agreement. But it is not to be drawn into precedent.
The judgment of the circuit court is affirmed, with costs.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington,'and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, it is considered, ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said circuit court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs.

JANUARY TERM 1831.
FRANCIS HENDFRSON AND WIFE,PLAINTIFFS In ERROR vs.
IRA GRmFyv, D F- NDANT IN E ROR.
The supreme court of the state of South Carolina having decided that the act of the legislature of that state of 1744, relative to the commencement within two years of actions of ejectment after-nonsuit, discontinuance, &c., is a part of the limitation act of 1812, and that a suit commenced within the time prescrib. ed, arrests the limitation; and this being the decision of the highest judicial tribunal on the construction of a state law relating to titles and real property, must be regarded by this court as the rule to bind its judgment.
That court having decided on the construction of a will, according to their view of the rules of the common law in that state, as a rule of property, this decision comes within the principle adopted by this court in Jackson vs. Chew, 12 Wheat. 153,167, that such decisions are entitled to the same respect as those which are given on the construction of local statutes.
When an estate was devised to A. and B. in trust for C. and her heirs, the estate, by the settled rules of the *courts of law and equity in South Carolina, as applied to the statute of uses of 27 Henry viii. ch,10,in force in that state, passed at once to the object of the trust, as soon as the will took effect, by the death of the-testator. The interposition of the names ofA. and B. had no other-legal operation than to make them the conduits through whom the estate was to pass, and they could not sustain an ejectment for the land. C., the grandchild of the tesfator, is a purchaser under the will, deriving all her rights from the will of the testator, and obtaining no title from A and'B; and A and B were as much strangers to the estate, as if their names were not to be found in the. will.
The case contemplated in the law of 1744, by which a plaintiff or any other person claiming under one who had brought an ejectment for land, which suit had failed by verdict and judgment against him, or by nonsuit or discontinuance, &c. is empowered to commence his action for the recovery of the said lands de novo, is clearly a case where the right of the plaintiff in the firsstuit passes to the plaintiff in the second; where it mustdepend upon some interest or right of action which has become vested in him by purchase or descent, from the person claiming the land in the former suit.
It would be quite a new principle in the law of ejectment and limitations, that the intention to-assert the right was equivalent to its being actually done. It is settled law, that an entry on land by one having the right, has the same effect in arresting the pogress of the limitation as aauit; but it cannot be sustained as a legal proposition, that an entry by one having no right is of any avail.
Wheie the court ordered the costs to be paid of a former ejectment brought by the plaintiffs in the names of other persons, but for their use, before the-plaintiff could prosecute a second suit in his own name for the same land, thi was not a judicial decision that the right of' the plaintiffs in the first suit was he same with that of the plaintiffs in the second suit. It was perfectly consistent with the justice of the case, that when the plaintiffs sued the same defendant in their own name for the same land, that they should reimburse him for the past costs to which they had subjected him, before they should be permitted to proceed further. Rules of this kind are granted by the court to meet the justice an4 exigences of cases as they occur:, not depending solely on the interest

SUPREME COURT
[Henderson and Wife vs. Griffin.]
which those who are subjected to such rules may have in the subject mattet of suits which they bring and prosecute in the names of otbers but on a variety of circumstances, which in the exercise of a sound discretion, may fumish .1 proper ground for their interference.
ERROR to the circuit court of-the United States, for the district of South Carolina.
This was an action of.trespass instituted in the circuit court to try titles, according to the forms prescribed by the local law of South Carolina; by which this action is substituted for an ejectment.
The plaintiffs proved a good title to a tract of land in Abbeville district, South Carolina, under the will of Henry Laurens, who devised the land in question to Dr and Mrs Ramsay and their heirs, in trust for the use and behoof of France Eleanor Laurens (now the wife of Francis Henderson), during her life, &c. The jury found a verdict for the plaintiffs for a part of the said land, with damages. But the defendant having set up a claim under the statute of limitations, the plaintiffs, in reply, showed, from the records of.the state court;lt this action was commenced the 29th of May 1823; and on the ,21st of November 1.823, a rule was made and entered by the said court against the plaintiffs, in these words: "Franci, Henderson and Wife v8. John Carey, and the Same vs. Othr Defendants, to the number of forty, including Ira Grifli On reading the affidavit of Henry Gray, it is ordered that the plaintiffs show cause on Monday morning, why all proceedings in these cases should not be stayed until the costs of the actions prosecuted in the names of the heirs of David Ramsay, by the same plaintiffs, in the state court, against the same defendants, be paid." On the return of this rule, counsel were heard for and against it; and on the 20th of April 1824, the court ordered'that upon a taxed bill of costs in the state court being made out, the same be forthwith paid by the plaintiffs.
The plaintiffs in the circuit court, by their counseli showed on the trial, that the suit in the state court, prosecuted in the name of the heirs of David Ramsay, against the defendant, was regularly discontinued in that court on the 23d of Octoher 1822, and they were compelled to pay the costs of that sut before they could proceed, with the present.' And the plaintiffs' counsel contended that the titld was not barred by the

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Henderson and Wife vs. Griffin.]
act of limitations when the suit in the name of the heirs of Ramsay was commenced; and the act did not run against theplaintiffs since that time, inasmuch as the present suit ought to be joined and connected with the said former suit in the state court. But the court, admitting that the plaintiffs' title was not barred at the commencement of the first suit, instructed the jury that the present suit could not be connected with the former, and the jury found a verdict accordingly. To which instruction and finding, the plaintiffs' counsel excepted, and piosecuted this writ of error.
The counsel for the plaintiffs in errorclaimed to reverse the judgment in the circuit court because the suit in the state court, in the name of the heirs of Ramsay, trustees for the plaintiffs, ought torhave been conne.ted with the present. action; being for the same" land, under the same -title, and by the showing of the same defendant upon the records of the court, prosecuted by the same plaintiffs, in the name of their trustees,
The case was argued by Mr Wirt and Mr M'Duffle, for the plaintiffs in error; and by Mr Warren R. Davis, for the defendant.
For the plaintiffs, it was contended; that the suit in the state court, and that which was subsequently instituted in the circuit court, being substantially between the same parties and: for the saihe tract of land, was fully within the provision of the act of assembly of South Carolina, which saved the parties to such a suit from the effect of the limitation.
The nineteenth section of the act of 1744 declares, that if in an action of ejeetment there shall be a nonsuit oi discontinuance, or letting fall of the action, it shall not b'e conclusive; and the party may institute another suit within two years, and thus have the benefit of the time in' which the first suit was instituted.
Thq object of the first suit wai to maintain the title of the cestui que trusts, and the names of the heirs of Mr Ramhsay were used for no purposes of their own, but only with the, sameobject as that in the present uit. They weie parties to that suit in form only; essentially Mr and Mrs Henderson were the plaintiffs. The defendant, by the first suit, had notice of the plaintiffs' titlei thus they were within the words as
VOL. V.-IJ

SUPREME COURT.
[Henderson and Wife vs. Griffin.]
well as the spirit of the exception in the law of South Carolina. 2 M'Cord's Rep. 252. 2 Brevard's Statutes of South Carolina, 21, 24.
The order on the plaintiffs to pay the costs of the suit in the state court showed that there was, in the opinion of the court, a connection between the suits. One was deemed a continuation of the other. Cited, Tidd's Practice, 479, 480. 3 Bos. & Pull. 22. 2 Esp. 75, 493. 1 Strange, 1192. S Cranch, 462.
Mr Davis, for the defendant, insisted; that the parties to the two suits were different. The legal title, asserted in the suit in the state court, was claimed to be in the plaintiffs in that suft; and in the suit now before the court, other parties sought to maintain their legal title. The, provisions of the law of South Carolina applied only to cases between the same partie's, and who claimed, in the second suit, the title set up by them in the first suit.
Mr Justice BALDWIN delivered the opinion of the Court. The action in tle court below-was brought to try title to a tract of land in Abbeville district, -claimed by the plaintiffs, under the will of Henry Laurens; -and by the defendant, in virtue of a possession of five years, which, by the limitation law of South Carolina, gives a good title. On the trial of the cause it appeared that Henry Laurens, being seised in fee of the premises in controversy, devised the same to his daughter, Mrs'Ramsay, and to Dr Ramsay, "to hold the same to them and their heirs in trust for the use and behoof of his grand-daughter, Frances Eleanor Laurens, wife of the plaintiff, during her life, &c.'? Onthe 23d of October 1822, the heirs of David Ramsay, claiming by the will aforesaid, brdoight theii action against the defenddnt in the staie court of South Carolina, to recover -the land claimed by him, which was part of a 1iger tract of land,\devised to Mrs Henderson by the will of IvIr Laurens. The supreme court, on argument, decided that the legal estate was'in those for whose use it was devised, and that the action ,could not be sustained in the name of the heirs of Ramsay. Ramsay and others, Trustees vs. Marsh, 2 M'Cord, 252.

JANUARY TERM 131.

155

[Henderson and Wife vs. Griffin.]
'Whereupon the suit was discontinued on the 23d of October 1822. At the commencement of that suit five years had not expired from the time of the defendant's entry on the land; but they had expired when the present action was brought, on the 29th of May 1823: so that the only question arising in this actjo is, whether the two suits can b6 so connected that the prcent can relate back to the former one, and thus bring it by legal intendment within the five years. The' circuit court being of opinion that the two suits could not be connected, a verdict and judgment passed for the defendant. And this ig the only error assigned.
Thb plaintiffs in error rest their case on the following clause of an act of asserihbly of 'South Carolina, passed in 1744. 2 Brevards Digest, 24. "And in case verdict and judgment shall pass against the plaintiff in such action, or that he suffers a nonsuit or discontinuance,, or any otherwise lets fall the zame, such verdict or judgment, nonsuit or discontinuance, or other letting fall the action or suit aforesaid, shall not be conclusive and definitive on the part of Isuch plaintiff; but at any
time within two years the said plaintiff or any other person or' persons claiming by, from and under him, shall' have right, and is hereby empowered to commence his action'for the recovery of the said lands and tenements de 2ovo, and prosecute the same in the manner, and with the expedition herein before directed."
The supreme court of that state have decided that this law is considered as a part of the limitation act of 1712, and that a suit'commenced within the time prescribed arrests the limitation; Edson vs. Davis, 1 M'C6rd, 555, 556: and this being. a decision'of their highest judicial tribunal on the construction" of a state law relating-to 'titles and real property, it must he adopted by us as the rule to guide our judgment; and this brings the merits of this case to this single question, whether the plaintiffs claim by, from or under David Ramsay'6 heirs.
The opinion of the court'in the case of Kennedy vs. Marsh was an able and deliberate one; it was a 'judicial construction of the will of Mr Laurens, according to their view of the rules of the commpn law in that state as a rule of property, and comes within the principle adopted by thii court in Jackson
vs. Chew, 12 Wheat. Rep. 153, 167, that such decisions are

SUPREME COURT
[Henderson and Wife vs. Griffin.]
entitled to the same respect as those which are given on the construction of local statutes. By so considering it and adopting it as a rule by which to decide this case, it follows conclusively, that if there was no such estate in the heirs of Dr Ramsay as would authorise them to sustain an ejectment under this will in their own names; the trust in the will was one clearly executed in Mrs Henderson. By the settled rules of courts, both of law and equity, as applied to the statute of uses of 27 Henry 8th, ch. 10, in force in South Carolina, there was, according to the principle of the decision of the state court, nothing executory in the trust. Mr or Mrs Ramsay were to do no act before both the legal and beneficial interest vested in the devisee in trust. The estate never vested in them for a moment, but passed directly to the objects of the trust as soon as the will took effect by the death of the testatorThe interposition of the names of Mr and Mrs Ramsey, had no other legal operation than to make them the conduits through whom the estate was to pass. The application of the statute of Henry VIII. to a will, gives it the effect of a deed of bargain and sale to uses: they are only modes of passing title. Having no legal operation to vest the legal estate in the names used as the conduits or instruments of conveyance, the effect of.either would be the same, if the grant or devise were made directly to the purposes and uses declared, transferring both the title and possession. "The statute conveys the possession to the use, and transfers the use into possession, thereby making the cestui qui use complete owner of the lands and tenements, as well at law as in equity. The possession thus transferred is -ot a mere seisin or possession in law, but an actual seisin and possession in fact; not a mere title to enter upon the land, but an actual estate. 2 M'Cord, 254.
This decided opinion of the highest court of South Carolina renders it unnecessary for this court to express their own opinion on this will. Thus construed, neither Mr or Mrs Ramsay ever had, and their heirs never could have, any right or estate in the premises so devised by Mr Laurens, in law or equity: no right of entry, possession, or ultimate enjoyment. They could- not take the 'rents and profits, as the entire estate of the devisor vested in the devisee; they could therefore sustain no ejectment, which.must be founded on a right of poss-

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Henderson and Wife vs. Griff.]
ession. Mrs Henderson is a purchaser directly under the will of her grandfather, deriving all her rights from him. There being. not a spark of right in the Ramsays, she could by no possibility claim by, from or under them. There was no privity of estate between them. The Ramsays formed no. link in the chain of title from the person last seised to the plaintiff. They were as much strangers to the estate in law, as if their names were not to be found in the will; and there could be in no principle of law any connection between the present and the former suit. The case contemplated in the law of 1744 is clearly one where the right of the plaintiff in the first suit passes to the plaintiff in the second, where it must depend-upon some interest or right of action, which has become vested itihim by purchase or descent from the person claiming the land in the former suit.
These are the views which inevitably result from the local laws, expounded by the highest court in the state; in accordance with which, the right of Mrs Henderson "was as perfedt on the death of Mr Laurens as it could be afterwards. She might have supported her ejectment against Griffin at the time when the heirs of Ramsay brought theirs: and this is not the case provided for by the law; which in our opinion applies only to the case of a suit brought to enforce a right derived from the first plaintiff. To give the law any other interpretation would be to establish in South Carolina the principle, that an action biought by a person having no right, title, or interest in land in the actual possession of a person claiming it fir himself, would arrest the act of limitation, and prevent its running on the right of a stranger to the suit, It would be doing violence to the law to give it this meaning.
The plaintiffs" counsel seem to consider this as a case where the first ejectment was brought by a trustee, and the second by a cestui qui trust. But this is not such an one. If the construction given to the will is to be considered as the law of the case, the will of Mr Laurens did not sever his interest in 'the estate devised to his grand-daughter; the legal was not separated from the equitable estate; but the whole passed unbroken by the will. So that the relation of trustee and cestui qui trust never subsisted. The utmost extent of the argument drawn from this alleged analogy in fav6ur of. the plain

SUPREME COURT.
[Henderson and Wife vs. Griffin.]
tiff would be, that the heirs of Ramsay brought the first suit in assertion of the title of Mr Laurens, but for the want of privity, they could not bring it to bear 'on the defendant in their names. It would be quite a new principle in the law of ejectment and limitation, that the intention to assert the right was equivalent to its being actually done.
It is settled law that an entry on the land by one having the right, has the same effect in arresting the progress of the limitation as a suit; but it cannot be sustained as a legal proposition, that an.entry by one having no right is'of any avail. If the use or trust was executory; if the legal title had remained in the Ramsays as trustees, until they had done some act to vest it in the devisee as the cestui qui trust; there would be great force in the reasoning of the plaintiffs' counsel. But here there is no estate devised to Mr and Mrs Ramsay in trust. The statute, according to.the local law of-South Carolina, operates to make the devise directly to Mrs Henderson.
The only remaining point made by the plaintiffs, is that which arises froim the follow-ng rule made by the circuit court in this cause, on, the 21st of November 1823. "On reading the affidavit of Henry Gray, it is ordered that the plaintiffs show cailse on Monday morning, why all proceedings in these cases should not be stayed, until the costs of the action prosecuted in the names of the heirs of David Ramsay, by the same plaintiffs in the state court against the same defendants, be paid." In pursuance of which rule the plaintiffs paid the costs in the action referred to.
Assuming the fact stated in the rule to be true, that the plaintiffs brought these suits in the name of David Ramsay's heirs, it shows no more than that it was a case which by the rules and practice of all courts authorised the order made by the circuit court. Costs had accrued to the defendant by a suit brought and prosecuted by the plaintiffs in this suit, in the name of those who had no right to the land. It was perfectly consistent with the justice of the case, that when these plaintiffs sued the same defendant in their own 'iame, for the same laind, they should reimburse him for the past costs to which they had subjected him before they should be permitted to proceed further. Rules of this kind are granted by courts to meet the justice and exigences of cases as they occur, npt depend-

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Henderson and Wife vs. Gr'ffn.]
ing solely on the interest which those who are subjected to such.rules may have in the subject matter of suits which -they bring and prosecute in the names of others; but on a variety of circumstances which in the exercise of a sound discretion may furnish a proper ground for their interference. A rule on A. to pay the costs of.a suit.in the name of B. is no judicial decision that he had any interest in the subject, or that it was identical with one afterw-rds brought by A. in his own name for the same property.. It is the exercise or a summary power to compel what under the circumstances of the particular case the court consider to be justice to a party in defending himself against an unfounded claim. The case before the circuit court was a proper one for the exercise of their discretionary powers, but their rule can have no possible bearing on the question in issue between the parties in the action.
It is therefore the opinion of thd court that there is no error in the record; the judgment of the circuit court is affirmed, with costs.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the district of South Carolina, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is the opinionaof this court that there is no error in the judgment of the said circuit court; whereupon it is considered, ordered and adjudged, that the judgment of the said circuit court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs.

SUPREMIE COURT.
JAMES JACKSON, Ex DEx. OF LMARTHA BRADSTREET, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR vs. HENRY HUNTINGTON, DEFENDANT IN ERROR.
Where one having no title conveys to a third person who enters under the conveyance, the law holds himn'to be a disseisor..
That an actual or constructive possession is necessary, at common law, to the transmission of a rightto lands is incontrovertible. It is seen in the English doctrine of an heir's entering in order to transmit it to his heirs; but whatever b'atbe English doctrine, and. of the other states as to the right of election to stand disseised, it is certain that the New York courts have denied that right; both as to devises and common law conveyances, without-the aid of a statute repealing the common law.
This court can ouly reverse a judgment, when 3 is,shown that the court below has erred. It canatO proceed upon conjecture of What the court below may have laid down for law; it must be shown in order to-be judged what instructions were in fact given, and what were refused.
Adverse possession is a legal idea, admits of a, legal definition, of legal distinctions; and is therefore doirectly laid down to be a question of law.
* Adverse possession may be set up against any title whatsoever, either to make out a title under the statute of limitations, or to show the nullity of a conveyance executed by one out of possession.
The common law generally regards disseisin as an act of force, and always as a tortious act; yet out of regard to having a tenant to the precipe, and one promptly to do service to the lord; it attaches to it a variety of legal rights and incidents.
Rights accruing under acts of limitation -qre recognised in terms as, rimafacie, originating in wrong, although arpong the best protections of right.
Ifthere be a tenancy in common, the law appears to be definitively settled in New York, that the grantee of one tenant in conrimon for the whole, enteng on such conveyance, may set u the statute against his co-tenants in conmon.
ERROR to the district court oilthe northern district of New York.
The plaintiff in error, in 1824, instituted an action of ejectment in the district court of the United States for the northern district of New York, for the recovery of a tract of land situated
in the village of Utica, and the county of Oneida, in the northern district of New York. The cause was tried at January term 1827, and a verdict and judgment were rendered for the defendant. The plaintiffexcepted to the opinion of the court on various points of evidence and of law, presented in the course

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Bradstreet vs. I rntington.)
of the trial, and the court sealed a bill of dxceptions. The plaintiff sued out a writ ot error to this cour.
The bill of exceptions states at large all the evidence and proceedings on the trial of the cause.
The title of the lessor of the plaintiff and that of the defendant, as exhibited in the evidence contained in the bill of exceptions, was as follows:
Philip Schuyler purchased Cosby:'s manor, sold by the sheriff of the bounty of Albany for arrears of quit rent, under a warrant from the chief justice of the state of NewYork, dated May 7, 1772. This property was conveyed to Philip Schuyler by a deed executed by the sheriff of the county of Albanydated July 20, 1772.
General John Bradstreet made his last will and testament on the 23d September 1774. The will, after providing for the adjustment of his accounts, he being in the British service, and devising a farm to John Bradstreet Schuyler, son of Colonel Schuyler, and some legacies, proceeds "all the rest of my estate, real and personal, I devise and bequeath to my two daughters, equally to be divided betwn them, as tenants in common, in fee. But Icharge the same with the payment of one hundred pounds sterling per annum.to their mother during her life. Notwithstanding the former devise for the benefit of my wife and daughters, I empower my executors to do all acts and execute all instruments which they may conceive to be requisite to the partition of my landed estate, and I devise the same to them as joint tenants, to be by them sold at such time and in such manner as they shall think most for the interest of my daughters, to whom the nett produce shall be paid in equal shares, the sum of one hundred pounds sterling per annum being first deducted, or a capital to secure the same set apart for an annuity to my. wife, as aforesaid. I order that Doctor Bruce have one hundred pounds for his trouble and for his kindness to me; my watch I give to Mr Gould as a mark of my friendship. I leave funeral expenses to the discretion of my executors, and I appoint for the execution of this my will the said Colonel Philip Schuyler and William Smith, Esqr. New York."
Martha Bradstreeti one of the daughters of general Brad-
street, made her will on the 15th of May, 17;1, and, devised to

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradstreet vs. Huntington.]
her mother Mrs Mary Bradstreet, the.produce and interest of her estate, real and personal, during her life; and after her decease she devised one equal third of her estate real and" personal to her sister Elizabeth Livius, her heirs and assigns, to be at her disposal independent of her husband; one third part to Samuel Bradstreet and Martha Bradstreet, children of her late brother Samuel Bradstreet, and to their heirs, with benefit of survivorship, the 'produce of such one third part, and -part of the principal, to be applied to their maintenance and education,, if necessary.' The remaining one third she gave to her sister
Agatha, wife of Charles Du Belamy, during her life, independent of her husband; after his death, she surviving, to her in fee, but if she died before her husband, to her children; but if she survived her husband,-and had no children, and should iot dispose of the same by will, the same should go to Elizabeth Livius and her heirs. A like devise of the share given to Elizabeth Livius was made in favour of her sister Agatha, if she should die without disposing of her share, and without issue.
Sir Charles Gould was appointed sole executor of this will, and authorized to act relative to the estate of the testatrix in America, by the following provision: (IAnd I do authorize my said executor to sell and dispose of such real estate as I may. be entitled to in North America, or elsewhere, and to execute conveyances for the same, and to place out my moneys upon -such securities as he shall deem proper, and in such manner and form, as to the shares devised to my sister Agatha, and to my nephew and niece, Samuel and Martha, respectively, as shall be conformable to the provisions of the will in respect to
each of those shares." It was in evidence that Martha Bradstreet, the testatrix, and
John and Mary Bradstreet, were deceased. The will of Elizabeth Livius, deceased, purporting to be
executed on the 20th November 1794, was offered in evidence. The court not considering it duly proved, refused to permit it to be read to the jury; to hich opinion, an exception was taken: by the plaintiff. By that will Mrs Martha Bradstreet, the lessor of the plaintiff, and the .daughter of Samuel Bradstreet, the brother of Mrs'Livius, then deceased, was made her sole heir. The provisions of the will -were: " 1 hereby cofistitute and appoint my dear niece, Martha BradsLreety

JANUARY TERM 1831.
LiBradstreet vs. Huntington.] daughter of my late brother Samuel Bradstreet, major of the fortieth regiment of foot, to be my sole heir, to whatever estate, real or personal, I may die pbssessed of, to be paid, or delivered unto her at the age of twenty-one years, or day of marriage, whichever may first happen; p ovided she marries with the consent of my most respectea friend, Sir Charles Mor-
gan, Bart., whom rhereby appoint executor of this my last
will and testament. But in case she should die'before she attain twenty-one years of age, or before she be married as aforesaid, I then appoint her'brother, Samuel Bradstreet, a lieutenant in the 25th regiment of foot, to be my heir in her 1Vace
and stead. Martha Bradstreet, the devisee and the lessor of the plaintiff,
afterwards, with the consent of Sir Charles Morgan,, married Matthew Codd, but being divorced from her husband. she resumed her original name. The evidence to prove the assent of Sir Charles Morgan to this marriage was excepted, to by the counsel for the defendant, and the exception was sustained. To this ruling of tlie district court, the plaintiff excepted.
The plaintiff also gave in evidence a map of the whole tract of land conveyed to Philip Schuyler by the sheriff of the county ofAlbany in 1772; and proved by Mr John R. Bleecker, who was sworn as a witness, that said map was in the band writing of his grandfather, that he, the witness, received it of his own father, Rutger Bleecker, deceased; and that he, the witness, holds certain parts of said land, under title derived from his said father, who also in is life time was in possession of the same, pursuant to a partition deed thereinafter mentioned, and according to the allotments on the said map, which said map appeared to have been made on the 31st day of August 1780, and was stated to be in pursuance of a survey of
said tract.
And there was also given in evidence, a deed of partition between Philip Schuyler, and RutgerBleecker, dated the 19th day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, whereby and wherein, lot No. 97, as described on the map, was released by Rutger Bleecker, to Philip Schuyler; and the counsel for the said James Jackson, also gave in evidence and proved that the premises in question :on the trial of that issue; were part of the lot No. 97.

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradstreet vs. Huntington.]
On the 16th of May 1794, a deed was executed by Philip Schuyler and others, of which the following is an abstract: "The parties were, Philip Schuyler, of the county of Albany, in the state of New York, Esquire, executor of the last will and testament of John Bradstreet, deceased, and hercinafter mentioned, of the one part, and Agatha-Evans, of the city of New York, in the state of New York, widow, one of the daughters of the said John Bradstreet, deceased, and Edward Goold, of the same place, merchant, attorney to Sir Charles Gould, Knight, the only executor of the last will and testament of Martha Bradstreet, deceased, the other daughter of the said John Bradstreet, of the other part"
It recites the will of general John Bradstreet, and that Philip Schuyler, at the time of the making thereof, was seised in trust for the said John Bradstreet of one undivided fourth part of the tract of land described in the partition deed executed by himself and Rutger Bleecker (together with other lands): the death of William Smith, his co-executor: and that Agatha Evans, formeiiy Agatha Du Bellamy, is one of the daughters of John Bradstreet. It also recites the Will of Martha Bradstreet, the daughter of John Bradstreet, and the devises in the same of one third to Samuel and Martha Bradstreet, children of her brother Samuel Bradstreet, deceased, one third to his sister Agatha, then the wife of Charlds Du Bellamy, afterwards Agatha Evans, the wife of Charles John Evans, and the remaining one third to her sister Elizabeth Livius; and that partition had been made among the proprietors of the tracts in the manner of Cosby, describing the lots which fell to Schuyler, as trustee of John Bradstreet, and among them lot No. 97; and that the same had, with other lots which fell to Schuyler in his own right, been conveyed to him by the deed of partition. The deed states, that the said Philip Schuyler, "as well to invest the said Agatha Evans with a legal title to her proportion of the said lands and tenements, devised to her by virtue of the will of the said John Bradstreet and Martha Bradstreet,,as to convey the rest and residue thereof to the said Edward Goold, in trust for the said persons who may be entitled to the benefit thereof, under the will of the said Martha Bradstreet;" and in consideration of ten shillings, &c.'hatb, "9by virtue, also, of the power and authority with which he is so as aforesaid invested, and of all

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Bradstreet vs.-Huntington.]
other powers which he may lawfully claim as executor," and doth "4grant, bargain, sell, alien, release, and confirm," to Mrs Evans and: Edward Goold, and their heirs and assigns, the said lands which fell to the share of the said Philip Schuyler, as a trustee for the said John Bradstreet, (describing them at length, and including lot No. 97,) with the reversion and reversions, &c. and all the right, title, &c. in law or equity, &c. (in the usual form), to have and to hold, &c. to the said Agatha Evans and Edward Goold, their heirs and assigns, in manner following, viz: Two equal undivided third part t 9 Mrs Evans, and the remaining one undivided third to the said Edward Goold, his heirs and assigns; "aid upon th6 following trusts-that is to say: to sell the same, from time to time, as may be most expedient, and every or any parcel tbereof; and,.after deducting the charges of sale, and other contingent expenses attending the said trust, to divide the residue of the money to arise from such sale, to and among the said devisees, Samuel Bradstreet and Martha Bradstreet, and the said Elizabeth Livius, and their heirs, executors, and administrators, according to their several interests in the estate of the said Martha Bradstreet, by virtue of her will, or to such persons as would be entitled thereto, upon the happening of any of the said coitingencies in the said will mentiond," &c. The deed further contains covenants against Schuyler's own acts or incumbrances, and for further assurance.
It was in evidence that Mrs Martha Bradstreet was twentyone years of age on the 10th August 1801; that she and her husband came to the United States to reside in 1797, and that she has ever since resided therein. The acts of the legislature of New York, which enable alienees to take and hold lands, were also in evidence.
A deed was given in evidence by the plaintiff of the following purport. It was executed on the 22d October 1804, at the city of New York, by Edward Goold to Martha Codd, late Martha Bradstreet, wife of Matthew Codd of Utica, of New York. It recites the conveyance executed by Philip Schuyler on the 16th of May 1794, Agatha Evans, and the said Edward Goold, merchant, and attorney to Sir Charles Gould, the only executor of Martha Bradstreet, deceased, a daughter of general Bradstreet, and all the purposes of that indenture; and that Mlartha Codd, late Martha Bradstreet, by the will of Eliza-

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradstreet vs. Huntington.]
beth Livius, has, since the execution of the deed from Philip Schuyler, become entitled to all the estate of Elizabeth Livins, conveyed by the deed of Schuyler to Edward Goold, in trust for Sir Charles Gould, as executor of the will of Martha Bradstreet, not sold or conveyed according to the trust; and that Edward Goold, having became a bankrupt, has been ordered by chancery to transfer and convey to Martha Codd all the estate vested inhim as trustee, and that he is willing to convey to the said Martha Codd all the estate vested in him as aforesaid, as her trustee, to which she may be entitled to under the will of MarthaBradstreet. The deed then proceedsto convey to Martha Codd, her heirs and assigns, all the real estate held by Edward Goold at the time of his becoming a bankrupt, as aforesaid, as trustee as aforesaid for the said Elizabeth Livius, by virtue of the several indentures of release execubed by the. said Philip Schuyler, as aforesaid, and the several wills therein referred to, and, also, all the real estate held by him, the said Edward Goold, at the time of his becoming a bankrupt, as aforesaid, as trustee for the said Martha Codd, by virtue of the said several indentures and wills above referred to, to have and to hold unto her, the said Martha Codd, her heirs and assigns, to the only proper use, benefit, and behoof of her, the said Martha'Coda, her heirs and assigns for ever.
The defendant gave in evidence a deed of indenture, execqted by Charles John Evanws, and Agatha his wife, and Daniel Ludlow and Edward Goold, conveying lot No 97, the property in controversy, to Stephen Potter.
The deed dated the 24th December 1790, was executed by Charles John Evans, Agatha Evans, Charles Gould, executor of the last will of Martha Bradstreet, by Daniel Ludlow, and Edward Goold, his attorney. The deed is in the following words:
" This indenture made the twenty-fourth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety, between Charles John Evans, now of Brooklyn in the county of Kings, gentleman, and Agatha his wife, one of the daughters and devisees of John Bradstreet, Esquire, deceased, and Sir Charles Gould, executor of the last will and testament of Martha Bradstreet, the other daughter and devisee of the said John Bradstreet, by Daniel Ludlow and Edward Goold of the city of New York, merchants, his attorneys, of the one part,

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Bradstreet vs. Huntington.]
and Stephen Potter, of Whitestown, Montgomery county, state of New York, of the other pirt; Witnesseth, that tihe said Charles John Evans and Agatha his wife, and Sir Charles Gould, for and in consideration of the sum of four hundred pounds, lawful money of the state of New York, to !em in hand paid by the said Stephen Potter, at or before the ensealing and delivery of these presents, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, have granted, bargained, sold, aliened, released and confirmed, and by these presents do clearly and absolutely grant, sell, alien, release and confirm unto the said Stephen Potter, and his heirs and assigns for ever, all that certain lot, piece or parcel of land situate lying and-being in the county of Montgomery and State of New York, part of a larger tract granted to Joseph Worrell and others, by patent dated the second day of January in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, which lot upon a late' division of the said tract was distinguished by number ninety-seven, and contains four hundred acres of land, with the rights, members and appurtenances thereof; and all easements advantages and hereditaments whatsoever to the same belonging, or in any wise appertaining; and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents and services of the same, and all the estate, right, title, interest, property, claim and demand whatsoever, either at law or in equity, of them the said Charles John Evans and Agatha his wife, and Sir Charles Gould, and every of them, of in and to the .same, and of in and to every part and parcel thereof, with the appurtenances: To have and to hold the same 'lot of land, hereditaments and premises unto the said Stephen Potter, his heirs and assigns, to the only proper use and behoof of the said Stephen Potter, his heirs and assigns for ever. And the said Charles John Evans, for himself, his heirs, executors and administrators, dpth hereby covenant and agree to and with the said Stephen Potter, his heirs and assigns, that he the said Stephen Potter, his heirs and assigns for ever, shall and may peaceably and quietly have, hold and enjoy the said lot of land, liereditaments and premises, free and clear of all incumbrances titles and charges made by the said John Bradstreet, or any person or persons claiming or to claim by, from, or under him. And that the said Charles John Evans and his heirs, the said lot of land, hereditaments and-premises, with the-appurtenances, to-the said
VOL. V.-3 B

SUPREME COURT.
EBradstreet vs. Huntingtop.)
Stephen Potter, his heirs and assigns, against all and every person or persons whomsoever, shall and will warrant and for ever defend by these presents. Received on the day of the date of the within indenture, of the within Stephen Potter, the sum of four hundred pounds, being the full consideration money within mentioned. Charles John Evans, Ludlow and
Goold." It was proved, on the part of the defendant, that Stephen
Potter, the grantee, entered upon and took possession of lot No. 97, under this deed, immediately on its execution; claiming to be sole and exclusive owner of the same; and continued in such possession until his death, fifteen or sixteen years before the trial: having made large and valuable improvements thereon. That after his decease, his son, with other members of his family, succeeded to and continued in possession of such parts bf the lot as remained unsold by their father, claiming to be owners of the land: and that being in possession and so claiming the land, Stephen Potter, the son, conveyed the premises in the ejeetment to Henry Huntington, the defendant. No deed was produced, or proved, except by parol, as stated; and the son of Stephen Potter and other persons deriving title from his father.to parts of the lot,. continued in possession of the residue of the lot, claiming the absolute ownership thereof; and the defendant has ever since been in possession and actual occupancy of the same, claiming the ownership in fee by virtue of his purchase. But no buildings had been erected on that part of lot No. 97, for the recovery of which this suit isbrought, until since 1824, and al that time a part of the premises were without fence.
The death of general John Bradstreet, prior to the death of his daughter Martha Bradstreet, and the death of Philip Schuyler, on the 18th of November 1804, were also admitted.
The bill of exceptions concludes as follows: "Whereupon the said counsel for the said James Jackson did then and there insist before the said judge, on the behalf of the said James Jackson, that the said matters so produced and given in evidence, on the part of said James Jackson, as aforesaid, were sufficibnt, and ought to be admitted and allowed as decisive evidence,t entitle the said James Jackson to a ver-

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Bradstreet vs. Huntington."
diet, on the said issue, in this cause. And the said counsel for the said James Jackson also insisted, that the said deed from Charles John Evans and Agatha his wife, and Daniel Ludlow, and Edward Goold, as attorney of Sir Charles Gould, executor of the last will and testament ef :Martha Bradstreet, deceased, to the said Stephen Potter, for the said lot No. 97, was void; as to all, except the interest of the said Charles John Evans and Agatha his wife, and could not be the foundation of an adverse possession. And the said counsel for the said James Jackson also insisted anti objected, that there was no proof of the existence of any power of attorney from the said Sir Charles Gould, the executor of the said last will and testament of the said Martha Bradstreet, to the said Daniel Ludlow and Edward Goold, authorizing them to sell and convey the estate or interest of the said testatrix in the said lot No. 97, nor indeed of anypower of attorney whatever.
.,And the said counsel for the said James Jackson also insisted, that if the deed aforesaid to the said Stephen-Potter were valid and sufficient to pass any thing more than the rights and interests of the said Charles John Evans and Agatha his wife, yet, that from the recitals in the said deed, the said Stephen Potter had notice that he could only purchase an equitable interest, the rights merely of cestuis que trust, and could not therefore hold adversely to the said Philip Schuyler, the tryistee and executor of the said will of the said John Bradstreet.
"4And the counsel for James Jackson also insisted*that the said Stephen Potter, claiming to' hold the same identical title of the lessor of the plaintiff, neither he, nor those claiming under him, could set up his possession as adverse to that title.
' And the counsel for James Jackson did then and there pray the judge to admit and allow the said matters, so produced and given in evidence for the said James Jackson, to be.conclusive in favour of the said James Jackson, to entitle him to averdict in this cause; and to this the counsel learned in the law, for the said Henry Huntington, did then and there insist before the said judge, that the said matters so given in evidence on the part of the said James Jackson, were not sufficient. nor ought to be admitted or allowed to entitle

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradstreet vs. Huntington.]
the said James Jackson to a verdict; but that the said matters so produced and given in evidence on the part of the said Henry Huntington, were sufficient, and ought to be admitted and allowed to bar the said James Jackson of his action afore-
said. "And the judge did then and there deliver his opinion
to the jury, that.although the several matters so produded and given in evidence on the part of the said plaintiff,made out a clear paper title to the equal undivided part claimed of that parcel of the said lot No. 97, which was in the possession of the said defendant; and were therefore sufficient in law to entitle the said plaintiff to recover, unless such title was defeated by the adverse possession set up on the part of defendant; and that although the above recited deed from Charle, John Evans and Agatha his wife, and Sir Charles Gould, executor of the last will and testament of Martha Bradstreet, deceased, by Daniel Ludlow and Edward Goold, his attornies, to Stephen Potter, witho.ut further proof of the authority of Daniel Ludlow and Edward Goold to execute the same, was insufficient of itself to convey a legal title to the undivided share of the premises sought to he recovered in the present action; yet, that there was nothing appearing upon the face of this deed, nor anything in the circumstances connected with its execution, as far as they had been shown, which in law would preclude the defendant from availing himself of possession under it as a bar to the plaintiff's action; or prevent the possession of the said Stephen Potter takeri under and in virtue of the said deed, from being considered adverse to the title of the'lessor of the plaintiff, and to the title of the said.Philip Schuyler, the executor and trustee of the said John Bradstreet; provided the proof was sufficient in other respects'to establish the fact of such adverse possession: and the judge did then and there also further deliver his opinion to the jury, that the effect of an adverse possession in the said Stephen Potter at the time of the execution of the said above mentioned and recited deed from the said Philip Schuyler, executor as aforesaid to the said Agatha Evans, and Edward Goold, would be to render the said deed inoperative and void as to the said lot No. 97, and tgrevent any title from the said Philip Schuyler to the said Agatha Evans and Ed-

JANUARY TERM -1831.
[Bradstreet vs. Huntington.]
ward Goold passing.by the said deed in,or to the said lot No. 97- and the. said judge did then and there further deliver his opinion to the jury, that although it was generally true that 6ne tenant in common was not permitted to set up his possession as adverse to the title of his co-tenant, -yet that one entering into possession of land under a deed for the whole, and claiming the entire interest, would not be thus precluded; although it should subsequently appear that such deed conveyed only an undivided share.
"Whereupon the said cohnsel for the said James Jackson did then and there, on the behalf of the said James Jackson, except to the aforesaid opinion of ihe said judge; and insisted on the said several-matters as sufficient to sustaifi the said action on -the part of the said James Jackson.
"And thereupon the judge, after explaining to the jury what in .law constitutes an adverse possession, and submitting to them as a -question of fact whether such a possession had been proved, directed them, with the assent of the counsel on both aides, if. they should agree upon their'verdict before the opening of the courtnext morning, to seal up their verdict. And upon the opening of che court on the next morning the jury came in with a sealed verdict in favour of the said Henry Huntington; but upon being called upon by the clerk, at the request of the counsel for the said James Jackson, severally to answer whether such was theirf verdict, two of the said jurors dissented therefrom.
"cOne of the jurors thereupon stated to the court, that the doubt in'hismind was, whether he was bound to decide according to law or according to evidence;, and that it appeared to him that according to the evidehce the plaintiff ought injustice to have the land. And the judge thereupon replied to the juror, that a juror was- certainly not at liberty in making up his, verdict to disregard the law; that if the law required alteration, it was the province of the legislature to alter it; but that it was the duty of judicial tribunals to administer it as they found it: that it was the province- of the judge to decide questions of law, and that the jury were bound to respect such decision: that the question, whether or not it was competent for the defendant to set up the defence of ad-

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradstreet vs. Huntington.]
verse possession under the deed to Stephen. Potter, was a question of law, and had been decided against the plaintiff: that what in law constitutes an adverse possession was also a question of,law, and that it was for the jury to say under the instructions which had already been given to them upon that point, whether such possession had been proved; that if they believed from the evidence that such a possession had been established, they were bound to find a verdict in favour of the defendant. Whereupon the said juror, after some hesitation, assented to the said verdict; and the said counsel for the said James lackson did then and there in behalf of the James Jackson except to the opinion of the said judge so declared to the saia juror. By the direction of the court, the other juror who dissented was then called upon by the clerk to answer whether he agreed to the said verdict. But the said juror still persisted in his dissent; and stated, that he entertained the same doubts which hact been exnressed by his fellow juror. Whereupon the said judge directed thr said jury to retire and again deliberate upon their verdict And the said counsel for the said James Jackson did then and there in behalf of the said James Jackson, except to the said last mentioned direction of the said judge. And the jury therinon. retired, and after a short absence returned again into court with a verdict in favour of the said Henry Huntington. Wbereupon the said j~iry were again polled- at the request Qf the counsel for the said James Jackson, and severally assented to the said verdict."
The points presented for the consideration of the comrt on the part of the plaintiff in error were:
1. That Martha Bradstreet, formerly Martha Codd. the lessor of the plaintiff, acquired the equitable interest in and title to the one equal undivided fourth part of the premises in question, by virtue of the respective wills of Martha Bradstreet (one of the two daughters and devisees of general John Bradstreet), and Elizabeth Livius.
2. That the deed from Edward Goold to Martha Codd (now Martha Bradstreet), the lessor of the plaintiff, by virtue of the decree of the court of chancery of the state of New York, conVeyed to her the legal title to the one-equal undivided fourth part of the premises in question.

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Bradstreet vs. Huntington.]
3. That even if the deed from Edward Goold to, the lessor of the plaintiff did not convey the legal title, yet, that on the death of general Philip Schuyler, on the 18th of November 1804, without having executed the will of general John Bradstreet, the legal estatr in the whole premises in question veited in the heirs of general John Bradstreet, or in their legal representatives.
4. That the respective wills of Martha Bradstreet (one of the two daughters and devisees of general John Bradstreet), and of Elizabeth Livius (one of the devisees of the said Martha Bradstreet), vested in the -lessor of the plantiff the legal as well as the equitable title to the one equal 'undivided fourth part of the premises in question.
5. That upon the whole record, the judgment rendered in the court below in favour of the defendant in the court below, is erroneous, and ought to be reversed.
The case was argued by Mr Mayer, and Mr Webster for the plaintiff in error: and by Mr Storrs and Mr Spencer f6r the defendant.
Mr Webster and.Mr'Mayer for the plaintiff in error. 1. There is no evidence of an authority being given by Sir Charles Gould to -Edward Goold to convey the land in question: but, evqii if there were such evidence, it could not avail; since sir Charles Gould's power to sell could not be delegated. Shep. Touch. 448. Coombe's Case, 9 Rep. 656. Sugd. Pow. 174, 175. 1 Com. Dig. 771. 4 Johns. C. R. 368. 2 Atk. 88. 2 Sch. and Lef. 330. 3 East, 410. A sale under such a power must be strictly pursued, and the power is limited by the object for which it is declared to be created. 8 Wheat. 535. 6 Johra. Rep. 73. 2. He who acquires the legal title, with notice of the equity of another, becomes trustee for that other: and the same principle should apply in favour of an equitable tenant in common, where his co-tenant sells his own equitable interest, and-the purchaser takes possession of all the land under that title; the title giving him notice of the other equitable interest. 10 Johns. Rep. 496. 2 Caines' Ca. Er. 327. 1 Cranch, 100. 6 Johns. C. R. 403. Sugd. Vend. 487.

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradstreet vs. Huntington.]
It is true, that after the conveyance to Potter, the deed of Schuyler made Goold trustee for the interest of the plaintiff here; but that conveyance could not by relation make valid the deed of Goold to Potter, so as to pass the plaintiff's estate, because the deed to Potter contained no warranty from Goold; and, moreover, because Goold professed not to pass any beneficial interest of his own by the conveyance, and never had any to pass. 3 Cow. Rep. 299.
3. It will not be denied, that where there is a devise of lands the law casts the freehold on the devisee without entry. Co. Litt. 111, a; and so must be the principle as to'equitable estates, to which all the rules of property apply that regulate legal estates. The fee, whether legal or equitable, was here in the devisees of John Bradstreet and of Martha Bradstreet 2 Johns. D. R. 21. 8 East, 248. 16 East, 288.
4. It is inanifest then, when the deed of 1790 from Edward Goold of the one part, and Evans and wife grantors of the other part was executed, the plaintiff in error had the equitable estate in this land in common with Agatha Evans; and that this deed was void as to the plaintiff's share, and availed only to pass Mrs Evans's. It was a conveyance operating by Its tenor to pass the several interests of two equitable tenants in common; aild to be interpreted .distinct:yely as to those two estates; and as if a separate deed had been given for each share. The deed being good- only as to Mrs Evans's interest, Potter became an equitable co-tenant of the land with the .plaintiff: and the equitable interest so vested in Potter, like that of the plain:iff in error, was protected by the legal estate of Philip Schuyler, the common trustee for both the parties.
5. 'There is no ground for imputing adverse possession, or saying that the right of the plaintiff was, in intendment of law, so contested as to make Edward Goold's deed to the plaintiff void, either under the common law principle against conveying mere rights of entry, or under the statute of maintenance. The conveyance was nothing more in effect than the release.of the trustee to the cestui que trust: Edward Goold being the trustee substituted for ,Schuyler. It was even less obnoxious than the release of a disseisee to a disseisor, vhich the liw allows. Co. Litt. 369, a. The statute provided for the lawful possessor getting the release of the pretender; but the corn-

JANUARY TERM 1831
[Bradstreet vs. Huntington.]
mon law allows also the converse act, The common law and the statute mean only to prevent conveyances under sales of pretended titles, where there is a transmutation of estate and possession. A court of equity would have compelled the conveyance which has here been made from Goold to the plaintiff. Can that be unlawful when done voluntarily which the law would enforce ? The statute of uses executes, too, the possession and legal estate to the use; and nothing mnore has in efrect been done by this conveyance.
But there could have been no adverse possession against which the conveyance militated; because, Potter being only an equitable owner, the possession of the trustee who was common to Potter and the plaintiff, was the possession of Potter; and Potter had no other possession. And the possession of the cestui que trust is the possession of the trustee, and is never deemed adverse to the trustee, or those cestui que trusts who are shielded by the trustee's legal estate. 16 East, 288. 8 East, 248. 2 Ves. Sen. 481. 2 Vent. 329. 10 Mod. 149. 3 Atk. 728. 5 Wheat. 116, 124. 13 Johns. Rep. 552. 2 Meriv. 359. Ad. Ej. 47. Angell on Lim. 74. 2 Caines' Rep. 169. 7 Wheat. 159.
But Huntington can in no view claim tha benefit of the adverse possession created by the deed to Potter, because he does not connect this possession by any conveyance with Potter's right. 3 Wash. C. C. R. 479. 7 Mass. Rep. 384.
The production of a conveyance by Huntington was not insisted on in the court below; it being the duty of the defendant there to sustain his own objection of adverse possession by competent proof.
6. Wherever a possession can bu referred to a right, it will be referred and confined to it. Such is emphatically the case with regard to tenancy in common, where actual ouster must be proved either by testimony directly to the fact of a literal expulsion, or by acts accompanied by long and quiet possession, raising the presumption unequivocally and irresistibly, that an actual ouster has taken place. 17 Wheat., 105, 109, 120. 1 Paine's C. C. R. 469. 4 Mason, 330. 16 East, 288. 8 East, 248. 3 Atk. 728. 20 Johns. Rep. 306. 12 Johns. Rep. 368. Co. Litt. 199, b. 7 Cranch, 471. 7 T. R. 386. 5 Burr, 2604.
VOL. V.-3 C

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradstreet vs. Huntington.J
In the case of tenants in common, perception of rents and profits is, per se, no evidence of ouster. Co. Litt. 199, b. 5
Mass. Rep. 351, 352. Nor is it so even where the tenant
in possession levies a fine to himself. 1 East, 577. 1 Salk. 286. Nor is a conveyance by one tenant in common of the whole interest in the land an ouster, 12 'Mass. Rep. 348; 14 Mass. Rep. 434; 17 VIass. Rep. 74; it being a fixed principle that there can be no decision of an undivided moiety; that the possession of one co-tenant is the possession of the other; and that there can be no adverse possession where it is possible for the law to impute a concurrent possession. 2 Mass. Rep. 506. 10 Mass. Rep. 464. 2 BI. Rep. 690. Cowp. 217. 1 Salk: 391. 2 Salk. 423. 1 Atk. 493. Esp. ,456. The defendant has not the election to consider himself a disseisor. That is the peculiar privilege of the plaintiff for the convenience of his remedy.
The relation of tenants in common is considered fiduciary; and the law will not allow one by a mere accident, as that of getting actual possessioh, to defeat the right of the passive cotenant. 5-Johns. C. R. 388. 1 M'Cord's C. R. 322, 360.
7. In this case there. can be no presumption of a claim of possession by Potter, under a title distinct from the plaintiff's, or paramount to it: because the recitals of the deed exhibited by the defendant acknowledge the plaintiff's title. Where evidence is expressly offered by a party to one* effect, presumptions are not allowed to any other point of fact than that which the party himself has by his evidence prescribed. 2 Har. and Johns. Rep. 336. 5 Har. and Johns. 264. 11 East, 372. 2 Str. 1267. No adverse possession can grow on an exhibited title that is void on the face ofSt; as is the case here, so far as concerns the part of'the plaintiff purported by the deed to Potter to be conveyed. 7 Wheat. 105. 1 Paine's C. C. R. 457. 12 Johns. R. 368. It is not pretended that the title which may sustain an adverse possession must be a rightful title. That would be absurd. But the title must be at least prima facie good; and not show the elements of its own invalidity. 5 Cow. Rep. 346, 484. 9 Wheat Rep. 545. 7 Mass. Rep. 384. 2 Ves., senior, 481. 1 Paine's C. C. R. 480. 1 East. 577. 1 Salk. 286.
A claim to support adverse possession must, either actually

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Bradsireet vs. Huntiogton.]
or constructively, be under a distinct and paramount title. It cannot be inferred where the defendant derives, by immediate conveyance, his title out of the present subsisting right of the plaintiff herself; and in effect exhibits, as here, an inoperative deed to avail as'from that very plaintiff. There is no room therefore here for constructive evidence of distinct and paramount claim; though it is not said that the only evidence of such claim, in order to raise adverse possession, is a deduction of title or any conveyance whatsoever. 3 Wash. C. C. R. 479. 7 Wheat. Rep. 120. 18 Johns. Rep. 302. 16 Johns. Rep. 301. 13 Johns. Rep. 537.
The allegation of exclusive claim is by the defendant herself referred to the title in testimony, and it must be weighed by the worth of that title. The deed to Potter, referring to all the sources of the plaintiff's title, .as the sanctions of that which the deed professes to convey to Potter, is to be regarded as if all those evidences of title were inserted in the deed, and the references give complete notice to Potter of the plaintiff's right, and made the deed operate as if her equity" had been expressly reserved. As to notice of title and equities outstanding; 4 Johns. C. R. 38; 1 Paine's C. C. R. 525;
8 Wheat. 445, 447.
8. Potter's acceptance of the deed involves him with the plaintiff's title, and refers his tenure to it; not on the principle of strict estoppel, but of evidence which will permanently rebut the circumstantial presumption of adverse holding. 10 Johns. Rep. 435. 10 East, 583. 2 Stark. Ev. 1192. On the same ground of evidence, no one can claim contrary to a deed he has given, Jackson vs. Stevens, 16 Johns. Rep. 110. The deed and the recital bipd the grantee against averring adverse possession. Com. Dig. Evid. B. 1 Salk. 286.
Any express evidence to show that the party does not claim independently of the rightful title of the plaintiff, repels the presumption of adverse holding: and the slightest evidence of a recognition of that title will take off that presumption; such as at the time of entry inquiring for the true owner and seeking to procure a conveyance from him. Jackson vs. Sharp, 9 Johns. Rep. 167. Wickham vs. Conklin, 8 Johns. Rep. 227. Jackson vs. Waters, 12 Johns. Rep. 368. Smith vs. Burtis, 9 Johns. Rep. 180.

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradstreet vs..Huntington.].
9. We have said that the possession of Potter is to be referred to his right as shown by his deed, by his own testimon; which, giving him the undivided moiety of Mrs Evans, authorized hispossession., Wheri an indenture, as was the deed here, conveys in fact and rightfully some estate, its operation shall be confined to that; although it purports to convey a larger estate, Co. Litt. 476: and therefore Potter is even estopped from averring that the deed to him gave him more than Mrs Evans's interest, which it could rightfully convey.
10. It should be borne in mind that the law in upholding adverse possession, means not to violate any of its principles; and particularly not that which forbids one from taking advan.age of his own wrong: nor any of those principles which opposefraud,and an assertion of right on a foundation of mere force. Wherever adverse possession is imputed and made to avail, it is on thepresumption of title in the holder, evidenced by a long possession, accompanied by no force or fraud. The so-called repose of titles is consulted and advanced on no other principles. All the authorities, and the reasoning particularly in 1 Paine's C. C. R. 457, sustain this position. A possession begun by force or fraud, it may safely be said, can not found adverse possession; at least not until notice of such possession in this adverse character be brought home to the rightful owner. The principles of law just.referred to, upon the effect of the acceptance of the deed, and as to evidence of recognition of the true title, proceed on the moral policy of adverse possession as just stated; and these views apply to Adverse possession in reference to the statute of limitations, and still more forcibly in reference to the statute or common law principle of maintenance or. buying mere rights of entry.
Hence the entry upon land by one having no title is, as a general principle, supposed to be in preservation of the rightful title, and in subordination to the true owner. 7 Wheat. Rep. 105. 6 Johns. Rep. 218, 301. 2-Sch. and Lef. 97. 8 Johns. Rep. 227. 9 Johns. Rep. 167. 12 Johns. Rep. 368. And the contrary must be shown by proof affirmatively and clearly. Brandt vs. Ogden, 1 Johns. Rep. 158. 6 Johns. Rep. 218. Jackson vs. Parker, 3 Johns. Cases, 124. 4 Mass. Rep. 418. Although that proof may be of a presumptive kind,

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Bradstreet vs. Huntington.]
from circumstances raising inferences not contradictedby the evidence in the case) and especially the defendant's own evidence.
11. As the law will not presume fraud, it will not, in order to sustain a defence, indulge a presumption which implies a fraud. To suppose that Potter, who, by lawful right was only a tenant in common, entered adversely-and so held, to exclude his co-tenanZ, would impute a fraud to him. Fraud is no exception to the operation of the statute of limitations, after it has once been discovered by the person against whom it is to act; but the hostile purpose under the fraud must be known before the statute can begin to apply. The same principle of notice should obtain in case of all adverse possession, where a fraud would be implied in meditating an exclusive possession. When is this purpose of the defendant to be considered as first notified to this plaintiff? If the principles of law as to the presumption attending entries with some or no title, be as we have represented them; the exclusive possessory claim of the defendant, in the state of the evidence in the cause, can be considered as made known only by his taking his objection of adverse possession at the trial below, and as then first notified. Angell on Lim. 127, 135. 6 Wheat. Rep. 481. 2 Sch. and Lef. 2-3, 307, 607. 1 Cox's Rep. 28. 8 Wheat. 445. 2 Mass. Rep. 506. 14 Mass. Rep. 296, 300. 10 Johns. Rep. 457. 1 Burr.'118. 2 Johns. C. Rep. 155, 15S, 181. 3 Atk. 654. 1 Johns. C. Rep. 595.
12. The law is also settled that there can be no adverse possession, especially by one tenant in common against another, without notice of the .claim of that possession. It is not enough that the one tenant in common does acts, as well as conceives plans inconsistent with the acknowledgement of a concurrent possessory right in the other tenant; but if those acts conclusively indicate the claim of sole possession, they must, to serve as proof of adverse possession, be brought actually or constructively to the knowledge of the other tenant. Whero-was the notice here to tie plaintiff that the defendant pretended to a higher possessory right than the deed legally imparted; which Was only to the extent of Mrs Evans's interest? No such notice is implied by any of the evidence; and by the record we therefore date this notice of exclusive

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradstreet vs. Huntington.]
claim from the objetion of adverse possession taken at the trial. The whole application of the rule of adverse possession, whether under limitation, or the objection of maintenance, is
founded on the fact of actual or presumed acquiescence; and consequently the possession must be notoriousand avowedly adverse. Angell on Lim. 99. 6 Mass. Rep. 229. 7 Mass. Rep. 383. 4 Mass. Rep. 416, 418. 9 Johns. Rep. 163. 13 Johns. Rep. 411. 3 Johns. Cases, 124.
The adverse holder must, for aught that may be shown in evidence, appear, or be presumed to have reposed on the title he may possibly have; and not only must the adverse character of the possession be proved clearly and without doubt, and found by the jury; but the possession must be marked by definite boundaries, and is confined within the strict limits of truth. 1 Johns. Rep. 156. 2 Johns. Rep. 230. 10 Johns. Rep. 475. 12 Johns. Rep. 368. 14 Johns. Rep. 405. 3 Wash. C. C. Rep. 475. 10 Mass. Rep. 93. 4 Wheat. 213. Angell on Lim. 75. A l these authorities show that the mere fact of a sole possession is notin itself a proof of adverse possession; especially when the defendant does not rely merely on the fact of possession; but rests it on a title which cannot justify a possession adverse to us, since it recognizes our right and professes to be a conveyance of that identical right, but is not effectually so; though purporting to be immediately from her through persons assuming the power to actfor her. This is the case meant by the books, when it is said that there can be no adverse possession where the plaintiff and defendant "claim under the same title;" that is, the same particularand im " mediate right. It is not pretended that there cannot be adverse jossession where a defendant exhibits a deed from one who, so far as"he has a right, derives his title from the same source remotely whence the plaintiff's is derived. But the present case is like that of Sinsabaugh vs. Sears, in 10 Johns. 435, where a deed was executed by two tenants in.common, but inoperatively as to one of them; and adverse possession, it was dccided, did not eiist against the grantor whose right was attempted, thus ineffectually, to be conveyed. The same principle was ruled in Jackson vs. Hinman, 12 Johns. Rep. 293; that when the defendant sustains his possession under the particular right in question -of the plaintiff himself, and by a con-

JANUARY TERM 18:1,L
[Bradstreet vs. Huntington.]
veyance which failed to operate as to that right; the possessiona cannot be called adverse under the statute of limitations, or in reference to any other bar or disability. Till. Adams, Ej. 47, 48. Bull. N. P. 104. 1 M'Cord's Ch. Rep. 352, 360. 4 Johns. Rep. 230. 12 East. 153. 1 Caines' Rep. 393, 402. 9 Johns. Rep. 167. Where the younger son enters and dies, the right of entry of the elder is not taken away, but the elder may enter; because it shall be understood the younger -entered as heir to his father; that is, acknowledging the same title. Co. Litt. 242.
The case of Jackson vs. Smith, 13 Johns. Rep. 411. and 4 Mason, 326,do not militate against these positions; for there the defendant claimed under a deed asserting a sole and exclusive title in himself, although, in fact, he was but a tenant in common with others; and in the latter of these cases too, the defendant's grantor had under process of lrw acquired prima facie the interest of his co-tenant. There was nothing in those cases, as in this, like a recognition at the time of the deed of a subsisting right in the plaintiff, and of the very right brought into question by the ejectment; and the effectual conveyance of which was necessary to make the deed itself operative according to its tenor.,
The possession, to be adverse, must be shown to have been hostile in its inception, or that, having begun in consistency with the rightful title, its character has changed; but there must be adequate cause shown for the change, or for imputing it. Where it commences under acknowledgement of the right owner's estate, the possession will retain its original quality through any succession. of occupants of the land; and will be presumed to be in subservience to the rightful interest. Angell on Lim. 105. 1 Caines' Rep. 394. The strictest proof of hostile inception of the possession is required. 1 Johns. Rep. 158. 16 Johns. Rep, 301. 3 Johns. C. Rep. 124. 8 Johns. Rep. 220. As to the supervening change of the possession, and that it must be proved by an accession of another title, or other circumstances furnishing a motive for exclusive claim. Cited, 1 Paine's C. C. Rep. 467. 7 Wheat. 105. 12 Johns. Rep. 368.
The circumstances that the husband of Mrs'Evansgives a general warranty in the deed to Potter, by no means argues a

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradstreet vs. Huntington.]
denial of the plaintiff's right, but rather affirms it; as it supposes a possibility of a superior right to at least a part of the estate in the land. It is at furthest, in effect, no more than a covenant for quiet possession; while it imports a guaranty that the deed will legally operate to convey the plaintiff's interest, and thus again recognizes a title in her at the date of the deed. But a warranty cannot enlarge an estate. And it is commensurate always only with the estate really created. Co. Litt. 385, a. So that even with the warranty, the deed to Potter effectually conveys only the equitable estate of Mr Evans; and the warranty is no creation of a wrongful fee to the prejudice, or rather in denial of the plaintiff's right which the
conveyance its&elfiffirms. The common law never characterizes a possession as ad-
verse against an infant or married woman, when it commences after the accrual of the right of the infant or feme covert. They are both favoured in cases of descent, cast and discontinuance, and wherever their entry would otherwise be affected. Co. Litt. 245, b. 246, a. 248, a. 327, a. 327, b. 337, a. 364, b. 388, a.: and this cumulatedexception of infancy and coverture is allowed wherever the coverture occurs during the infancy. Co. Litt. 246, b. The evidence shows all these disabilities in the plaintiff's case; and consequently there never was a commencement of adverse possession against her; at all events, not until her coverture ended in 1817. Certainly there was none, according to these principles, when the deed was executed by Goold to the plaintiff.
The positions stated bear on adverse possession considered with reference to the statute of limitations. They apply more cogently as to that possession, in reference to the statute of maintenance, and to the rule of the common law forbidding the conveyance of rights of entry. And it may well be contended that in the latter instances there should be an actual disseisin, or an actual conflict of distinct rights and deduced titles, to raise an'adverse possession that shall disable tle true owner from conveying his interest; and that mere possession, or possession even under a conveyance, shall not, per se, with any circumstances attending it, have the effect of annulling the rightful owner's conveyance.
If the bar of the statute of limitations be considered as set up at the trial below, or comprehended in the opinion of

JANUARY TERM 1831
[Bradstreet vs. Huntington.]
the -court, it is contended that if adverse possession has ever begun against the plaintiff, it cannot have begun to affect her until the year 1817; as she was within the three combined exceptions of alienage, infancy, and coverture, until that period. And such, as-to the bar of limitations,.must be the conclusion we maintain; even if the positions asserted by us on the general doctrine of adverse -possession be not admitted. Not only was the plaintiff under the disabilities referred to, but it appears that Mrs Livius the devisor of the plaintiff, was hersCelf under coverture to the time of her death. Under the statute of limitations, the possession runs only against the particular title in question. 7 Wheat. 59, 11.. 4 Johns. Rep. 390.
Mr Spencer and Mr Storrs, for the defendant. The entry of Stephen Potter under the deed from Evans and wife and Goold, to Potter, in 1790, was adverse to the legal estate then in Philip Schuyler. Schuyler was then under no disability; the statute of limitations commenced running at that time against him as the legal owner. The right, of entry "first accrued" in him (1 Rev. Laws, N. Y., 1813, p. 185); and having run for twenty years, the entry of Schuyler, and" all claiming under him, is barred. Wrhen the statute once begins to run, no subsequent disability arrests -it. 1 Johns. Rep. 165. 15 Johns. Rep. 169. 13 Johns. Rep. 513. The equitable interest of a eestui qui trust cannot be noticed in this action. He has neither jus in re nor ad rem, at law. It is of so little regard that his entry on the land would make him a trespasser on his trustee. If the legal estate is barred, the equitable interest follows the same fate. Co. Litt. 302. b. Plowd. 59. a; By the deed of Evans and Goold in 1790, a wrongful estate in fee was created, and Potter's entry under it was a disseisin of the legal owner. 2 Preston on Estates, 283, 292, 295, 299. Neither Goold or Evans had any legal estate in the land, and their deed passed nothing. The grantee is .ot deemed to enter according to any right, as the deed conveyed no right. It was the creation of an entire new fee, by wrong: It purported to convey the whole fee in the land, and not any undivided interest. The covenants are for the whole fee. It was created
VoLT V.-3 D

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradstreet vs. Huntington.]
and passed to Potter, in defiance of the legal estate then, in Schuyler. The covenant for quiet enjoyment is against all persons; and besides this, it contains an express covenant against all titles derived from John Bradstreet. The possession has been held in conformity to the deed as an entire fee; and Potter has always claimed to hold as the exclusive owner. 13 Johns. Rep. 118; 9 Johns. Rep. 174; 18 Johns. Rep. 40, 355.
The deed of Schuyler, in 1794, to Edward Goold, under which the lessor of the plaintiff claims, was void as to lot No. 97, by reason of the adverse possission then held by Potter. Schuyler had nothing but a naked right of entry, which he could not convey, and the deed passed nothing to Goold. It was within the statutes against champerty and maintenance, and a nullity at commondavr. If it passed any thing to Goold as attorney for Sir Charle, Gould, it operated as a confirmation of the estate he had b4ore passed as attorney to Potter. 13 Johns. 406, 488.
Potter and his grantees are not estopped by the recitals of the descriptions in his deed annexed to the names of the grantors-of Agatha Evans, as "one of the daughters and devisees of John Bradstreet," and Sir Charles Gould, as "executor of the ill of Martha Bradstreet, the othdr daughter and devisee of John Bradstreet." These recitals will not narrow the effect of the deed. It expressly conveys the whole land, and cannot be reduced by the descriptions annexed to the names of the grantors. Such a recital is not of the nature of an estoppel at law, nor, by way of analogy, an estoppel in evidence, to show that Potter meant to take an undivided interest only. If it was even ,analogous to an estoppel, the inference is repelled in the same deed; for it conveys the estate entire, and expessly covenants against all persons whatsoever in the ordinary form of general warranty. It is this very wrong,. of which the lessor of the plaintiff complains, that creates the disseisin of her trustee from whom she derives her claim. The covenant is to defend the whole fee, and the whole interest in,the land against the legal owner, and against all titles under John Bradstreet. The covenant relates to the prior granting clauses of the deed. and to the habendum, which conveys it as an entirety; and the possession has been exclusive and co-extensive with the grant. 8 Cow. Rep. 168.

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Brad~treet vs. Huntington.]
The utmost effect of the introductory clause of the deed to Potter, would be to charge him with notice of the Wills of John and Martha Bradstreet. But the wills contained nothing to show that these lands were held by Schuyler in trust for John Bradstreet, and there is nothing in evidence to show that Potter had any knowledge of that latent trust In taking his deed, he is to be deerhed tohave taken it in hostility to Schuyler as legal owner, in his own right, and for his own use.
But if the recitals are to impute notice to him of the interest of the other cesui qui trusts, it would only raise in equity a constructive trust in Potter, and the remedy of the lessor of the plaiutiff has been barred, even in equity, by lapse of time. Potter would become a trustee by implication only. Direct trusts only are saved from the operation of the statute of limitations. - The rale does not apply to constructive trusts, or to trusts by implication. These stand in equity like any other equitable claim. If a party is to be constituted a trustee by a decree founded on the equity of the case, or even on fraud, his possession is adverse; and the remedy is barred in the same time in equity as at law. The statute, in such cases, reaches both courts, and is adopted equally in both. Mathews on-Presumption, Ch. 24. 7 Johns. Ch. Rep. 90. 20 Johns. Rep. 576. 5 Johns. Ch. Rep. 522. 2 Sch. and Lef. 633. 6 Wheat. Rep. 481. 1 Ball and Beatty, 119. 17 Ves. Jr. Rep.-88. 8 Cowan's Rep. 588. 3 Johns. Ch. Rep. 216: 10 Wheat. Rep. 152.
The lessor of the plaintiff was in 1790 under the disability of infancy only. She could not, even in equity, tack to it the subsequent disabilities of coverture. They are not cumulative. 3 Johns. Ch. Rep. 129. 5 Cowan's Rep. 74. 7 Serg. and "Rawle, 109. 3 Conn. Rep. 227. She would have been barred in equity therefore in 1811, ten years after she became of age in 1801. So, if she was even at law a ten-' ant in common with Agatha Evans in 1790, she is barred in ejeetment by the statute of limitations. But,- in fact, she was not tenant in common, as she had no legal estate in the land in 1790. She can only claim any legal interest through the deed of 1794 from Schuyler to Goold. She.claims therefore through the legal owner, whose entry is barred. His conveyance to an infant or feme covert would not arrest the running of the statute-much less to Goold. Nor was Agatha Evans

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradstreet as. Huntington.]
a tenant in common with Schuyler, in any sense. Potter entered claiming the entire title and the exclusive ownership. Such was the proof, and such it is affirmed to be by the verdict. One tenant in common may oust his co-tenant, and hold in severalty. 5 Wheat. Rep. 124. So he may enter origi"nally in his own right as sole owner, and hold accordingly 7 adverse to his co-tenant 9 Johns. Rep. 180. If Potter was to be deemed in fact, or in law, a tenant in common, his entry irn 1790, claiming the whole fee, and his exclusive adverse possession for forty years, would be evidence of an original ouster; not an ouster at the end of twenty years, but an ouster on his first entry. Cowper, 217. 2 Harris and M'Henry, 160. 6 Cowan's Rep. 632. 9 Johns. 180. But Potter neither entered as tenant in common, nor claiming any undivided interest. He entered under a deed for the whole interest in the land-the entire fee-and has held in conformity to it. His possession would not be less adverse, if his deed had been from a tenant in common, if it conveyed the whole fee. His entry takes its character from the conveyance, and it is immaterial whether his deed, being for the whole interest in the land, was from a tenant in common or any one else, having title or no title. Itis the character of the possession, and not the validity of the title, which bars the entry of the owner. It is enough that it is a colourable and not a naked possession,which inures to the benefit of the true owner. The question is as to the character of the possession; and twenty years adverse possession gives the positive right of possession in the land in the action of ejectment. 2 Blk. Com. Ch. 13.
It is no answer to the adverse kossession that the defendant holds under the same title at some anterior stage of it. But in this case Potter does not in fact hold under the same legal title with'the lessor of the plaintiff, in any respect. He took nQ legal interest on his entry, from, any one whom the lessor, of the plaintiff admits to have then had any legal title. Goold never had any, and her co-cestui qui trust conveyed in law -only her own claim, which was not of a legal interest. But an entry under a deed, from one co-heir of the whole fee, is a good foundation for an adverse possession. So of an heir, where there is a devisee,and that too where the party conveys as heir 16 John's. Rep. 406. So of a conveyance as attorney or trustee. 5 Cowan's Rep: 74; of a- conservation of a
f

JANUARY TERM 1831.
EBradstreet vs. Huntington.]
lunatic. 3 Cowan's Rep. 229; or guardian of an infant. 5 Day
Rep. 181. Yet in all these cases the deeds recognize in some sense
the former right of the real owner. A purchaser does not
take his possession in subservience to the title of his grantor.
He holds for himself, and adversely to his grantor. 18 Johns. Rep. 355. 7 Wheat Rep. 535. 4 Serg. and Rawle, 215. There is no privity of possession between them. He holds by a claim of right paramount to his grantor, and not subordinate to him. 10 Wheat. Rep. 152. 4 Peters, 480. 7 Wheat. Rep. 535. 8 Cowan's Rep. 544, 590. A contract of sale, without any deed, is a good commencement of an adverse possession. 10 Johns. -Rep. 355. 6 Cowan's Rep. 632. The fact of possession, and the quo animo are the true tests in such a case. Hob. 120. 3 Serg. and Rawle, 151, 181. So an entry under a void deed or grant is enough to sustain it. Ridgway's Case, 2 Coke's Rep. 55. The entry of a younger son as heir works a disseisin, and is adverse. Litt. see. 396. Roll. Abr. 659. 8 Johns. Rep. 479. lb. 91. 9 lb. 55. 1 Cowan's Rep. 205. 3 Peters, 43. These cases fully repel he position, that the holding of both parties under the same original title, affects the adverse character of the possession.
The charge of the court below was in conformity to these principles, and is well sustained in law: and the verdict of the jury is conclusive, as to the facts necessary to constitute the adverse possession. 9 Johns Rep. 102.
The lessor of the plaintiff is entitledto no favour against such a length of possession, nor on tfie face of the case. Sir Charles Gould clearly had power to sell her trust interest, and to expend the proceeds for her education and support. It is to ba presumed that he performed his duty faithfully. He had power to appoint an attorney here, to receive the money if Schuyler should sell under John Bradstreet's will. The only technical informality in the defendant's title is, that Sir Charles Gould could not sell by attorney. There is no pretence that the money was not paid over to him in 1790. The solution of the whole case is, doubtless, that Schuyler conveyed to Edward Goold, who had made the sales, as attorney fbr Sir Charles Gould, in confirmation of Edward Goold's sales. and to enable him to ciose the salbs.

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradstreet -s. Huntington.] -
All has been done in good faith; and the lessor of the plaintiff now claims the land against a bona fide and innocent purchaser, whose money she keeps. A court of equity would the rather quiet the possession, by decreeing a conveyance to the defendant.
Mr Justice JoHNsoN delivered the opinion of the Court. The principles of law involved in this cause are few and simple; and well established; and all the difficulties consist in so arranging the facts as to apply the principles correctly; or rather, to determine whether they have been correctly applied in the court below. The plaintiff here was plaintiff there, and the action being ejectment, a remedy rigidly legal, it behoved her to make out a title of the same character. The title made out by the plaintiff consisted, 1. Of a series of documentary and other evidence, received without exception at the trial,-which vested in Philip Schuyler an estate, which to all legal intendment was an absolute fee*simple in him and his heirs; without trust, or reservation, or any evidence, intrinsic or extrinsic, of his holding it, or any part of it, in a fiduciary capacity. 2. John Bradstreet's will dated 23d September 1714; in which he first devises all his estate to his two daughters in co= mon in fee; and then says) "-notwithstanding the former devise for the benefit of my wife and daughters, I empower my executors to do all acts, and" execute all instruments, which they may- conceive to be, requisite to the partition of my landed estate: and I devise the same to them as joint tenant, to be by them sold at such time, and in such manner as they. shall think most for the benefit of.my daughters," &e. 3. The will of Martha, one of the daughters of John Bradstreet;.under which Martha, the present plaintiff, acquires an interest of one-sixth in J6hn'Bradstreet's estate, real and personal. Of this will Sir Charles Gould is appointed sole executor, with power to sell the lapds in America, and apply the proceeds to the use of the plaintiff. 4.- A deed from Philip Schuyler, dated-May 16th, 1794; by which, reciting that he is executor of John Bradstreet, he conveys-the plaintiff's interest in the subject in controversy, to

* JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Bradstreet ws. Hutington.]
Agatha Evans, widow, the other daughter bf John Bradatreet, and Edward Goold, naming him attorney of Sir Charles Gould, in trust to sell and dispose of it, and apply it according to the interest created by the wills of John and Martha Bradstreet.'
This deed recites that Philip Schuyler was, at the time of making John Bradstreet's will, and from thence to the decease of John Bradstreet, seised in fee as tenant in common of and in two equal undivided fourth parts of and in all that parcel or certain tract of land, &c. G(being the same of which lot 97 is part and parcel) as to one equal undivided fourth part of which said tract of land the said Philip Schuyler was seis-
ed in trust for the said John Bradstreet" This whole fourth part he. conveys to Agatha Evans and
Edward Goold, to the use of Agatha, as to two-thirds in fee, and as to the remaining third to the use. of Edward Goold, in trust to sell and apply the proceeds as before stated.
The above recital is the only evidence in the cause to show that the conveyance was any thing but a mere bounty from Schuyler to these larties. And notwithstanding that recital, it is perfectly clear that the case makes out the legal estate to have been in him; that the conveyance is a common law conveyance, and operates to convey a legal estate to Mrs Evans and Goold: as to her two-thirds clearly so: and as to the remaining third equally so, since the fee vested in Goold, and the interest'of this plaintiff under that deed is a mere equity.
5. That equity was rot turned into a common law right. until 1804, when Goold, who survived Agatha Evans, by a deed in which he sets out-all the facts, on which this plaintiff's equity rested, and among them his character of attorney to Sir Charles Gould, and 'in compliance with a decree of the court of equity, invests her with the legal estate.
The defence set up is adverse possession in- Potter; for the double purpose of avoiding Schuyler's deed, and to maintain a bar under-the statute. And to main ain this defence a deed is introduced, executed four years prior to that of Schuyler, by whicti Agatha Evans in her own right, and Edward Goold and another, professing to be attorney to.Sir Charles G6uld, executor of Martha Bradstreet the elder conveythe lot 97 to Stephen Potter by words calculated to vest a legal fee simple, with a general warranty by Evans, and a special covenant against all claiming under John Bradstreet. But in the actual

SUPREME COURT.
LBradstreet vs. Huntfngton.]
state of the title at that time, in the eye of the common law, this deed conveyed nothing: there was no seisin, actual or constructive; no legal right to possession; nor any remedy except in equity for acquiring a legal estate to the parties who executed this deed.
The bill of exceptions shows that the evidence'proved in substance, that under this deed and immediately after its execution, Potter entered; and from that time, he and those claiming under him have held it as sole and exclusive owners against all the world.
It is not questioned that the plaintiff is within the savings of the statute under a continuing disability, unless the statute began to run as" against Schuyler, and with equal reason as against Evans and Goold, Schuyler's.grantees, in which case it continued to run so as to bar her.
On this state of facts, the parties below moved for instructions, and the court gave a charge, and the verdict was rendered for, the defendant.
The questions which the couit has to consider are: 1. Whether the plaintiff was entitled-to the instruction she prayed. 2. Whether there was any error in the instruction as given. The prayer was a general one, that on the case made out after the whole evidence and argument were gone through, she was entitled to a verdict. This of course implies, that she had made out a good title; and that the defendant had made out no better title nor bar. Thewords-of the prayer are, that the matters and things so given in evidence were conclusive to entitle her to a verdict. From which it follows, that-if there were a flaw in her title, or thai the facts made out a better title in the defendant, or a bar tc the.agtion under the statute, the plaintiff was not entitled tc this instruction. The charge admits the validity of the plaintiff's dedvction ol title, unless interrupted by the invalidity of Schuyler's deed, resulting from an adverse, possession in Potter; in which case Edward Goold took nothing, and could transmit nothing to her by his conveyance in 1804. The defendant's case the court puts upon the possession.under the statute alone. Now, although the court may have overlooked something in the cause, yet if the consequence is that the charge is more favourable to

JANUARY TERM 1831.
EBradstrect vs. Huntington.]
the plaintiff than it should have been, that is no ground of complaint on her part. And, individually, I think there were some very important views of the case overlooked; views on which I doubt if Lord Coke would have hesitated a moment to decide the better title to be in Potter, independent of the bar.
1. Then I care not, for the purposes of my argument, whether the deed of 1790 to Potter be regarded as the sole deed of Agatha Evans and her husband, or their joint deed with
Edward Goold and Ludlow, attorneys to Sir Charles Gould, or of Sir Charles Gould, executed by his attorneys; either view leads to the same result. But the correct legal view leads more immediately to it; which is, that whether from the absence of proQf of the power of attorney, or from an incapacity to delegate his authority, Sir Charles Gould's name must be stricken from the deed. It is tfie deed of Agatha Evans and husband, conveying, in language the most full and unequivocal, the whole land, and the whole fee in the land.
'There is not a word in it that can give it the character of a conveyance in severalty, each conveying a distinct interest. And more emphatically so as to Evans, who warrants the whole, and covenants expressly against the plaintiff's title.
This then is, as to the plaintiff's interest, -aconveyance by one having no .title, to a third person, who enters under that conveyance. The fact of Potter's possession is distinctly affirmed: and whether by actual forcible ouster, or by a peaceable possession acquired by fraud; the law holds him to be a disseisor. The first alternative makes him so in terms; and the second is an old, but well settled doctrine. Such is the case in Roll's Abridgement, of a husband and wife, joint tenants in fee; the husband commits treason, and the king seizes the land. The king cannot be a disseisor, but the lord of whom it was held, upon a false suggestion that it is his proper escheat, is put in possession by the king. The lord is adjudged a disseisor as to the joint-tenancy of the wife; and the reason assigned is "4that he got possession of the freehold by misrepresentation, by injustice, and falsehood; that therefore the possession acquired by it must be looked upon as a -possession acquired by violence open and avowed." 1 Roll's Abr. 658. So where a guardian in chivalry, having of course the possession in him, assigns dower to one as wife of the deceased
VOL..V.-3 E

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradstreet vs. Huntington.]
tenant, who is not wife, and she enters; she is a disseisress: and the reason assigned iso that 4"her possession being acquired by an act of fraud and injustice, thu possession acquired by it is tortious." Bro. Tit. Disseisin, 7. 1 Roll's Abr. 662. So also o0 a possession delivered or permitted under void titles; as in the case of two infants joint tenants, and one, being under age, releases to the other, by which the other holds the whole; he is t disseisor, and the reason assigned is, ".that the *titleis utterly void." He was not held to b ,in of the original estate, although ajoint tenant, but to have committed a disseisin against the clear state of positive fact, being considered as entering according to the release; not according to the state of actual title after the release was bxecuted, which being void, left the title unaltered. Bro. Tit Disseisin, 19. And the same law was ruled in another case of much the same nature, against the notoriety o1 an actual feoffiment; where the invalidity of the title was combined with a breach of duty, as between guardian and ward.
It is also laid down that if A. executes to B. a lease for the lands of C. and B. enters, this is a disseisin by A. and the reason assigned is, that the demise to B. is equivalent to a command to enter theland of C. Bro. Tit. Disseisin, 7. i Roll's
Abr. 662. At the date of the deed to Potter the legal title was' in
Schuyler, and he only could be legally disseised. It is not necessary to recur to authority to prove that a release to the disseisor, by the disseisee in fee, is as good a conveyance as can be executed; or that an absolute conveyance in fee, especially with words of release, to a disseisor, is a release to the disseisor or to his feoffee.
This last principle is expressly ruled in the case of Jackson and Smith, decided in the New York courts. I3Johns. Rep. 406,
'Here then we have a conveyance from Schuyler the disseisee, to .Agatha Evans, the disseisress, operating in favour of Potter, her grantee; which makes out a common law conveyance. It is seldon that a case'i cur time savours so much of the black letter; but thq course of decisions ;n New York renders it unavoidable, and the whole course of this argument has been calculated to involve us in it.
If the conveyance of 1790 to Potter could admit of being

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Badstreet vs. Huntington.]
considered, as onlypurporting to convey severally the interest of the parties grantors; still we are led to the same result. It must in that view be considered as the several conveyauce of Sir Charles Gould, by Edward Goold and Ludlow his attorneys. Bbt then it is in the same character, reciting himself such in his indenture, which he is estdpped from contradicting, that he receives the conveyance from Schuyler. From this two consequences follow: 1st, That he receives the release from Schuyler in the same right and character in which he conveyed to Potter; and therefore in point of right as well as form, is the grantor of plaintiff's interest to Potter, and.as such the release of Schuylgr to him is a release to Potter. 2d, That as it is through him that Mrs Bradstreet makes title, and his deed contains the same recital, exhibiting him in the cliaracter of attorney to Sir Charles Gould; she also is estopped from denying him in that character. In this view, also, then, Potter would hold a good estate at common law.
It may be objected that if Schuyler was disseised, so as to invalidate his deed as to the title of the plaintiff, then he was disseised so as to invalidate the deed to the disseisor. But this is not the law; for the principle does not operate as between thc disscisor and the disseisee, but only as between the disseisee and a stranger. So is the common law; and so is the New York decision before alluded to, in express terms. Jackson vs. Smith, 13 Johns. Rep. 406. Besides, if void against her, it is immaterial whether void, or pot, against the defendant; her title, then, breaks off midway. Thus far for my individual views.
It is objected to the charge, as it regards the plaintiff's title, that it was incorrect in stating " that the effect of an adverse possession in Potter, at the time of the execution of Schuyler's deed to fvans and Goold, would be to render the deed inoperative and void, and prevent any title from passing under it to Evans and Goold."
If the judge could be considered as having passed upon the .sufficiency of the evidence to establish the adverse possession, there might be just grounds of complaint found to this charge; but that question he expressly leaves to the jury: and then it is obvious, that if such be the law of New York, it is idle to go further, and inquire whether disseisin and adverse possession

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradstreet vs. utntin~gton.]
be convertible terms at common law; or whether either at this day should invalidate a transfer of property. That an actual or constructive possession is necessary at common law to a transmission of right, is incontrovertible. It is seen in the English doctrine of the necessity of an heir'sentering in order to transmit to his heirs: but whatever be the English doctrine and that of other states, as to the right of election to stand disseised or not; it is certain that the New York courts have denied that right, both as to devises and common law conveyances, without the aid of a statute repealing the common law.
After the case of Jackson and Dimont it is in vain to contest the point; and the principle is established by various other cases. It was then incontrovertible in that state, that if the jury found an adverse possessionz (for such is the language of the New York cases; not actual ouster or disseisin); the conveyance was void: and such was the charge of thejudge.
It seems to have been supposed, in the argument, that the judge founded his instructions on this point upon the statutes of maintenance. This,-however is not the fact; for it will be seen in the case of Jackson and Dinmont, that the courts of that state go upon a principle having no relation whatever to the statute of maintenance. They apply to adverse possession the common law doctrine on the effect of disseisin; according to which the deed of one disseised of his freehold is held to be utterly void. His freehold was then held to be out of him, to be converted into a right of entry or right of action, and as such no more the subject of legal transfer at common law, than an ordinary chose in action. It being so settled in New -York, it is in vain to inquire farther; but, en passant, it may be observed, that there are few principles of more ancient or more dignified origin. It is the law of kings, that the fact of possession proves the right o'f possession; and the idea is thrown out by Blackstone, that it probably passed down from greater to less, until it extended to every man's close.
There are, however, less questionable reasons for it to be found in the practice and policy of the feudal and common law. But the charge is said to be erroneous in those passages which relate to the bar of the statute.
There is something unique in the form of this bill of exceptions, since, after setting out the facts, it gives us the argu-

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Bradstreet vs. Huntington.]
ments of counsel, instead of prayers for specific instructions; and contains but one prayer on each side, each for a general instruation in the party's favour. So that we have to examine this instruction as rendered, and reduce it from generals into particulars by reference to the evidence; perhaps aided by the specifie propositions, exhibited by the arguments.
The instruction, then, commences by admitting hypothetically, that the deduction of title to the plaintiff was complete; and that the deed from Agatha Evans and Ludlow and Goold to Potter, was void, as to conveying away the intereitof the plaintiffs; "yet," the judge affirms, "1there is nothing appearing on. the face of this deed (i. e. the deed to Potter), nor any thing in the circumstances connected with its execution, as far as they had been shown, which in law would preclude the defendant from availing himself of possession under it, as a bar to the plaintiff's action, or prevent the possession of the said Stephen Potter, taken under and in virtue of the said deed, from being considered adverse to the title of the lessor of the plaintiff, and to the title of the said Philip Schuyler, the executor and trustee of the said John Bradstreet; provided the proof was sufficient in other respects to establish the fact of such adverse possession." And again, "that although it was generally true that one tenant in common was not permitted to set up his possession as adverse to his co-tenant, yet, that one entering into possession of land, under a deed for the whole, and claiming the entire int,erest, would not be thus precluded; although it should subsequently appear that such deed conveyed an undivided share." It then gpes on to state, that the judge, "after explaining to the jury what in law constitutes an adverse possession, and submitting to them as a questi6n of fact, whether such a possession had been .proved, directed them, &c."' And finally the judge instrticted the jury th at "cthe question whether or not it was competent for the defendant to set up the defence of adverse possession under the deed to Stephen Potter, was a question of law, and had been decided against the plaintiff; that what in law constitutes an adverse possession was also a question of law; and that it was for', the jury to say, under the instructions that had already been given to them upon hat point, whether such possession had been proved; that if they believed from the evidence, that

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradstreet i's. Huntington.]
such a possession had been established, they were bound to find a verdict in favour of the defendant."
Some difficulties were presented in the argument, as to the effect to be given to the words "after explaining to the jury what in law constitutes an adverse possession."-But it must always be recollected, that this court can only reverse a judgment when it is shown that the court below has erred. It cannot then proceed upon conjecture as to what the court below may have laid down for law5 it must be shown, in order to ,e judged what instructions were in fact given, and what were refused. The passage alluded to can only be held to affirm what it expresses, to wit "that the judge instructed the jury as to what in law constitutes an adverse possession." And in doing so, certainly there was no error-adverse possession is a legal idea, admits of a legal definition, of legal distinctions; and is therefore correctly laid down to be a question of law. The whole argument in this case proves it.
The whole purport of this part of the charge then, reduced to its elements with reference to the points in argument, is this:-
1. That adverse possession is a question of law, on whi~h the court has a right to instruct the jury.
2. That the fact of adverse possession, in its legal sense, was a question for the jury.
3. That the defendant in this case was not precluded from setting up an adverse possession; whether we regard him in the character of one holding under a void deed, or of a trustee or cestui qui trust, or of a tenant in common, or of one holding the same, or by the'name title. Or in more unequivocal terms, that an adverse possession where it actually exists, may be set up against any title whatsoever; either to make out a title under the act of limitations, or t6 show the nullity of a conveyance executed by one out of possession. On thetwo first of,these propositions there can be no doubt, and none has been expressed; and as to the third, it is equally clear that disseisin or adverse possession as a fact, is always a possible thing, and may occur wherever force may be applied. The common law, generally speaking, regards it as an act of force, and always as a tortious act; and yet out. of regard to having a tenant to the precipe and one promptly to do service to the lord, at-

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Bradstreet vs. Huntington.] taches to it a variety of legal rights and incidents. Rights accruing under acts of limitations are recognized, in terms, as prima facie originating in wrong, although really among the best protections of right: and if any one Who can commit a disseisin may claim under an adverse possession, it is not easy to preclude any one. An infant, a feme covert, a joint tenant in common, a guardian, and even one getting. possession by fraud, may be a disseisor. 1 Roll's Abr. 658, 662. Bro. Tit. Disseisor, 7. Salkeld, Joint Tenant, and Tenant in com-
mon.. The whole of this doctrine is summed up in very-few words
as laid down by Lord Coke [1. Inst. 153] and recognized in terms in the case of Blunden and Baugh, 3 Croke, 302, in which it underwent very great consideration. Lord Coke says "a disseisin is when one enters intending to usurp the possession, and to oust another of his freehold: and therefore querendum est 5 judice quo animo hoe fecerit, why he entered and intruded." So the whole inquiry is reduced to the fact of entering, and the intention to usurp possess-ion. These are the elements of actual disseisin; and yet we have seen that one may become a disseisor, though entering peaceably under a void deed, or a void feoffment, or by fraud; and that the intention to disseise may, under circumstances, be imputed to those who by a general rule of law are in ordinary cases incapable of willing, or not bound by an exercise of the will. This analogy, has been freely extended to adverse possession, and even gone beyond it, as well by the decisions of New York, as will hereafter appear, as by the repeated ruling of this court. In the case of Pawlet vs. Clarke, 4 Peters, 504, it is distinctly intimated, that a possession may be adverse, wherever an outter may be presumed: and also unanimously ruled, that it may be adverse, and maintain a bar under the statute, even where ouster is in terms repelled, and not to be presumed from the very circumstances of the case. The words of the court are, "a vendee in fee derives his title from the vendor: but his title, though derivative, is adverse to- that of the vendor. He enters and holds possession for himself, and not for the vendor. Such was the doctrine of this court, in Blightis Lessee vs. Rochester. 7 Wheat. 535." If this be the correct doctrine bf this

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradstreet vs. Huntington.]
court, and there can be no doubt it is; it seems to follow that wherever .the proof is, that one in possession holds for him-
self, to the exclusion of all others, the possession so held must
be adverse to all others; whatever relation in point of interest or privity he may stand in to- others. Such certainly is the view taken of the law in the reasoning of this court in the case of *Willison vs. *Watkins, 3 Peters, 53; and with express reference to lessors, mortgagors, trustees, and tenants in common. In the case of M'Clung vs. Ross, the Chief Justice says, ",thatone tenant in common may.oust his co-tenant, and hold in severalty, is not to be questioned. But a silent possession, accompanied with no act that can amount to an ouster,
or give notice to his co-tenant that his possession i. adverse, ought not, we think, to be construed into an adverse possession. The principles laid down in Barr vs. Gratz, 4 Wheat. 213, apply to this case." This is perfectly consistent with the language of the case of the town of Pawlet; for the fact to be determined is whether the party holds possession for himself or for another: and this can only be determined by evidence, or circumstances to prove the one or the other. It is the inquiry into the "4quo animo." In all these cases there is no intimation found that the adverse possession may not be set up: the only point maintained is, that the "quo animo" must be established, as well as the fact. But in finding the quo animo,
the jury must of course be left to their own view of the effect and sufficiency of the evidence. Actual ouster is clearly not requisite, either to be presumed or proved; adverse possession may exist without it; and notice, as a fact, may clearly be de-
duced from circumstances, as well as be positively proved. The bill of exceptions states, that the defendant proved (that
is the word used,) that Potter, 1. Entered under his deed and by virtue thereof, 2. Immediately after the execution thereof. 3. Claiming to be sole and exclusive owner thereof: and in a subsequent part, it is amplified by the expressions, claiming the absolute ownership, and the ownership in fee.
Much of the discussion has turned upon the sufficiency of proof to the effect stated to sustain the finding of an adverse possession; and it has been insisted that it neither supplies the exigency of actual ouster or notice. The only prayer of the plaintiff,- it will be recollected, is for a general instruction in

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Bradstreet vs. Huntington.]
her favour, "upon the matters so produced and given in evidence in her behalf." The court were therefore not called upon by the plaintiff to instruct the jury upon the competency of this evidence, to sustain a finding of adverse possession; and accordingly gave none, unless it was ificidentally: and if therefore the evidence was insufficient, it could only be the ground of a motiGn for a new trial; with which we have no concern.
The views which I have taken of the doctrine of adverse possession would not have been necessary, but for thesupposed bearing of the instructions actually given by the court upon the verdict; and particularly in relation-ist. To that part -of the bill of exceptions, in which it is said "that the court explained to the jury what in law constitutes an "adverse possession;" which, if correctly explained, it is supposed could not have sanctioned the verdict-upon that evidence. But on this it must be observed, that in a case where the quo animo alone, with which a defendant entered, and held, was the question; and the-proof was that he entered and held to be the sole and exclusive owner of the land, and to hold an absolute ownership in fee; if ouster and notice like other facts may be presumed from long and undisturbed possession, or other circumstances; it would be difficult t say that the testimony in this cause was not competent to sustain a finding of an .adverse
possession. It is impossible, upon this view of the case, to im-, pute to the court any other instruction than what may be covered by the terms of the proof in the case: that is, that if the judge instructed the jury, " that one who enters under a deed purporting to convey to him an estate in fee, claiming to beosole, and exclusive, and absolute- owner in fee thereof, for forty years, may be regarded as holding adverse to all theworld;" it would bedifficult to find any legal exception to such a charge; since it is left open to the jury to judge of the sufficiency of the evidence to prove the fact of a claiming- to be sole, and exclusive, and absolute owner, in fee. Notice and actual ouster are among the most direct and ordinary proofs of such a holding; and -may have been the proved or presumed ground of this verdict.
2. These views taken of the law of adverse possession, were necessary to precede, an analysis of the general in-
VOL. V.-3 F

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradstreet vs. Huntington.]
struction given by the court upon the competency of the bar under the statute.
On this instruction it is necessary to bear in mind, that it is strictly confined to this,-lst. That there is nothing on the face of the deed under which Potter claims, thatprecludtshim from setting up this bar. 2d. That- there was nothing in the circumstances connected with its execution, that would preclude him. 3d. That there is nothing in the.possession acquired under that deed, to prevent the possession acquired under it from being held-adverse to the lessor of the plaintiff, or to Schuyler; provided the proof was sufficient in other respects to establish the fact of adverse possession. There is no affirmation, by the court of the sufficiency of that deed to constitute an adverse possession; or of the sufficiency of the posstssion acquired under it. But' all the court becomes responsible for, is the negative proposition that there is nothing in the deel, or in the circumstances attending its execution, which precludes the defendant from setting up and proving adverse possession.
Now it is difficult to see how this proposition can be controverted. If in the very nature of things, there is no one who may not he actually ousted and actually held out of possessien, whether lessor, mortgagor, trustee, or tenant in common, as is affirmed in the case of Willison vs. Watkins, and other cases; how is it possible, that any deed, or any circum,stance should preclude a resort to proof of absolute adverse -possession, where it exists in fact? The charge of the-court amounts to no more than a limited affirmance of that general proposition.
But as the chief difficulty in the cause arises out of that specification under the general proposition which relates particularly to a tenancy in common, we will consider that with due attention. The instruction of the court is I that although it is generally true that one' tenant in common was not permitted to set up his possession as adverse to the title of his co-tenant; yet that one entering into possession of land under such a deed for the whole, and claiming the entire interest, would not be thus precluded; although it should subsequently appear that such deed conveyed only an undivided share."
The words "t thus precluded" have reference to the same

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Bradstreet vs. Huntington.]
terms used in the general instruction, and make this part of it to mean " that one tenant in common entering into possession of land under a deed for the whole, and claiming the entire interest, would not be precluded from setting up an adverse possession: provided the proof-was sufficient in other respects to establish the fact of such adverse possession."
And where is the objection to such an instruction? If one tenant in common may be disseised by another; if one tenant in common may set up an adverse possession against his cotenant, provided he has adequate proof of the fact of its adversary character; it would seem that this instruction imports no more
On this part of the case, however, there exists a division of opinion on the construction of the charge: three of the judges thinking that it falls short of the proposition as I have stated it; and two others concurring in my view of its construction. In support of the construction, which those who concur with me adopt, I have farther to remark:
1. That the court below might very well have withheld this instruction, since, in fact, there is no legal tenancy in common in the case. The action of ejectment deals altogether with legal estates. Mere equities are unknown to it; and yet the tenancy in common set up in this case is altogether destitute of a legal character. At no time had the plaintifPs lessor a scintilla of right, known to the common law, until she received the deed of 1804. Until that time, the only eslate that can be recognised in this form of action was in Schuyler, or in Evans and Goold; if not in the defendant Potter, as has before been noticed. It surely cannot be contended that Potter heldas tenant in common with Goold, since Goold either in his own right, as assuming a false character, or in the right of Sir Charles Gould, as having acted in his true one; was one of the grantors under whom, and against whom, Potter entered.
2. There was no tenancy in common, because Potter entered in fact in his own right, under a deed conveying a fee simple in the entirety. Such it is as to the act of Evans and wife, and such it purports to be as to the act of Edward Goold, or of Sir Charles Gould. It has been earnestly insisted that the entry of Potter under that deed must be, presumed to be according to the title actually acquired under it, supposing it

SUPREME COURT.
(Bradstreet os. Huntington.]
to be void as to\Sir Charles Gould; and not according to the estate which it purports to convey. But to this there are sei4-al answers, and the first alone is conclusive; to wit, that the evidence expressly repels the presumption. *ie entered under that deed as the sole, exclusive, absolute owner in fee; this is altogether inconsistent with an entry to the use of himself and another. And this seems to be no longer an open question in New York, even on the subject of legal inference. For in the case of Jackson vs. Smith, which was tht case where one tenant ih common conveyed the whole, and this very point was made; the court repels the inference in favour of the entry as tenant in common, and declares the contrary to be the proper inference. And in the case of Clapp vs. Bromagham, 9 Cowan 551y 552, 553, which was another case of a conveyance of the whole by one tenant in common, the same doctrine is' repeated in terms. That part of this bill of exceptions which relates to the proof,seems to have been nearly copied from the case of Clapp vs. Bromagham; in which the bill of exceptions stated that 'the defendant entered as purchaser of the whole, and held as tenant in severalty, claiming to be sole and exiclusive owner.
Again, although it were the true inference of law, nothing can be clearer than that it might be repelled by proof, and that the jury might well find 'the contrary to be the fact: their verdict in this case is equivalent to such a finding; and for ought that we can judicially know, such a finding may have been sustained by proof of ouster, notice, forcible repulsion, leasing and receiving rents; or any other competent proof of the character of his entry, and the assertion of rights under it.
3. if there was a tenancy in common, 'the law appears to be definitively settled in New Ybrk, that the grantee of one tenant in common for the whole, entering on such conveyance, and holding as sole owner, may set up the statute against his co-tenants in common. And to this effect we have before us an adjudged case, in which there seems to have been neither S4 actual ouster, or actual or constructive notice to the cotenants. - This is th6 case of Clapp vs. Bromagham, decided in 1827, and before referred to for another purpose; in which one of 'nine tenants in common sold the whole premises to the defendant, who entered and held as his sole and exclsive

JANUARY TERM. 1831
[Bradstreet -vs. Huntington.]
property. It is distinctly shown by the.court, that the only question in that case was whether the defendant might set up his possession, to the exclusion of his co-tenants; and decided that he might; upon the most elaborate argument and profound examination.
In that case the decision of this court in the case, of Ricard vs. Williams is cited, 7 Wheat. 60, and recognised as laying down the "true principle by which this class of cases must be governed: to wit, that in the absence of all controlling circumstances to the contrary, the eniry of one having right shall be held to be according to f' right: that an ouster or disseisin is not to be presumed from the mere fact of sole possession; but that "it may be proved by such possession," accompanied by a notorious claim f an exclusive right. This decision, according to our view of it, leaves no scope for speculation.
4. On the subject of this equitable tenancy in- common, against which we must again enter our protest as a novus hospes in the action of ejectment, it may be further remarked; that if it is to be regarded in our deliberations on the law of the case, it is to be presumed that it must be treated as if we ,were sitting in a court of equity: and then it would certainly be appropriate to examine it in all its equitable aspects.
And first, is the deed to Potter to be regarded as the deed of Sir Charles Gould, or is it not? If not, then clearly Potter is not to be affected by any equity which Mrs Bradstreet might set up against Sir Charles Gould. If it is to be considered his deed, then other equitable considerations present themselves. It is his deed, executed by his attorney, Edward Goold. But Mrs Bradstreet also makes title through Edward Goold; naming himself attorney to Sir Charles Gould, and reciting that as his character in conveying to her.
Then, if Potter is to be affected with equitable notice, or equitable duties, as being his substitute; why is not Mrs Bradstreet to be similarly affected in the character of his alienee or substitute? If so, she is bound to do whatever Potter might in equity have claimed of Edward Goold; and that is a conveyance in fee, in severalty, of th-e land in question. But I repeat, this is invoicing the action of ejectment in subtleties that are unknown to it.

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradstreet vs. Huntington.]
5. But it is insisted, that though the point of tenancy in common be got over, there are others in-the ease that are to be removed: and 1st. That as there is no proof of the power from Sir Charles Gould to Ludlow 'and Goold; the deed to Potter places him as to the interest of Mrs Bradstreet in the relation of one having no title, or a void title.
As to an entry under a void title, that has met with such pointed answers from this court, andthe courts of New York, that it can scarcely require a laboured examination. The bar ofthe statute is acknowledged to originate in wrong. In the case ofLaFranboise, 8 Cowan, 594, 596, the supreme court of New York say "that if a party have a deed, he need not produce it; and if on production it proves defective, that does not affect the character of the possession." And when the court of errors come to examine that ddctrine, they affirm it in more general and emphatic language. The only case which suggests a gloubt as to its appliability, is that of Jackson vs. Waters, 12 Johns. Rep. 365, decided in the same courts. But, though that case be not shaken by subsequent decisions, it is enough to observe of it, that it had its origin in-a peculiar policy, or rather in, the common law principle that the king cannot be disseised or be a disseisor It was the case ofa Cgnadian grant conflicting with a New York grant: and the case- of Clapp vs. Bromagham, as well as other adjudged cases show, that as between parties to mesne conveyances the principle ceases to apply. Thus, though the king cannot be a disseisor, his grantee shall be held such; and the reason given is "becausehe has time and leisure to inquire into the legality of his title, which the king is supposed to want leisure for." Bro. Tit. Disseisin, 65.
6. It is further urged that the bar is set up against the same title, and therefore incompetent. But this reason has been repeatedly disposed of by this court, and monst recently in the case of the town of Pawlet, in which it is ruled that it is no. objection to setting up a possession as adverse. The passage has been already in part quoted.
7. That the deed of 1790 places Potter either in the relation of Sir Charles Gould, who was trustee to Mrs Bradstreet, or of Mrs Bradstreet, who was cestui qui trust. But this admits of two answers: either the deed as to her was void, or it

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Bradstreet vs. Huntington.]
was not. If not, it destroys her interest by an effectual transfer to Potter; and if it was void, then it could not create the
relation contended for. If the confirmation through the deed of Schuyler is resorted to, then the answer is still more complete: for that deed expressly recognises the right to sell: and if it does put Potter upon inquiry, the result is that he might fairly and honestly acquire a complete title by sale, discharged of her equity, since either Schuyler or Gould might sell consistently with The trust. So that he. may have taken a void title from one or the other; but the integrity of his conduct in taking it is such, that no principle of equity can make him either trustee or cestui qui trust, under either the original or confirmatory deed. He may have been ill advised, in a legal point of view, in taking the one orthe other title; but if there is no immoral act on his part, merely taking a void deed will not make him a trustee: -nottaking an effectual deed from oe who has the power to sell and is expressly charged to sell for the benefit of plaintiff. lie is not to be affected by the frad of the trustee; when he so clearly appears to have acted 'innocently, and in good faith.
If in taking a title of the whole from Evans and Wife, he has in fact taken a void tittm from them for Mrs Bradstreet's interest, he has a right to put himself upon his wrong; and if he has proved an actual adverse possession under it, he has a right to the benefit ofhis bar. The Evans's never were trustees to Mrs Bradstreet, neither under any of the wills, or under Schuyler's deed. Edward Goold alone was the trustee for her under the latter; legally in his own right, equitably as attorney to Sir Charles Gould.
No fidtciary relation, therefore, is imputable to Potter, as claiming under the Evans's; because they themselves were never affected with the character of trustees: and not through Goold, because his deed, if good, was absolute against the plaintiff, and if bad, conveyed nothing to Potter.
If the attempt isto impute to Potter the relation of trustee, because Schuyler was trustee, and he claims through or under Schuyler; the answer is, that if his paper title, as it is termed is the subject to be considered, then he claims from Schuyler through Evans and Goold: and as Goold had the legal estate in him, so must Potter have; and Mrs Bradstrcet must seek

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradstreet vs. Huntington.]
her redress in equity. Against Goold, at law, she certainly could not recover.. But even in equity, how would her right stand? A sale by Goold was perfectly consistent with the trust for her benefit; and considering the bonafide character of Potter's purchase, I can see no ground for granting her relief as against him. Notice ofher equity, without fraud or collusion, can afford none; since notice of the right in her trustee to sell must accompany it, or rather is a part of it. If the subject of inquiry, as it relates to Schuyler, is respecting the maintenance of Potter's bar, then he need not assert his possession as adverse to Schuyler; it is enough for his purpose if adverse to Evans, or Evans and'Goold: and that it might well be so held, although he claims under them, has been, as we have seen distinctly and. repeatedly laid down in this court. If it began to run against them, it continued for the necessary length of time.
That one may hold adversely to him from whom he purchases has -long been settled, both in this court and in the courts of the states of the United States; the fact of possession and the quo animo, being stilt the legal subjects of inquiry.
8. It has been argued that whatever may be the rule in ordinary cases, in this, the proof of notice was indispensable; since these lands were wild or waste lands, notoriously uninhabited; andmere possession of wbichwas not enough to put the trustee or co-tenants upon their remedy.
To this it may be answered, that for any thing appearing in the bill of euceptions the lands may not. have been waste or wild; ana the proof of Potter's efitering immediately and claiming to be sole and exclusive owner, would seem to repel the fact.
But the true answer is the general one, which was before given on the subject of notice, that we know not but proof of notice, or presumption of.notice. may have been the grounds on which the jury found their verdict. As a proof of a "claiming to be sole and exclusive ownef," it was an adequate and natural ground; and certainly as a fact may have been inferred from length of possession, and other circumstantial evidence, of the weight of which they must be the judges.
Judgment affirmed, with costs.

JANUARY TERM 1831.
BERNARD G. FARRAR AND JOSEPH C. BROWN, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR vs. THE UIITED STATES.
r. and B. were sureties in a bond for thirty thousand dollars, given to the United Slates as sureties for one Rector, described in the bond as "surveyor of the public Lhnds in the state oiIllinois and Missouri, and the terilory of Aikansas." Upon looking into all the laws on this subject, it can hardly be doubted that this officer was intended to be included in the provisions of the act of congress of Mlay 3, 1S22, requiring Fecurity of the ssnrveyorgeneral. Literally, there was at that time provision made under the laws for only one surveyor-teneral; but it isabundantly evident that tipe officer who gave this bond was intended to be included in tte provisions of that act under the description ofasurveyor geneial. The indiscriminate use of this appellation in the previous and subsequent legi-lation of congress on this object, will lead to this conclusion.
The surveyors of public lands are disburs~iugoffeers, under the provisions of the act of congress.
The defendants in the court below pleaded performance, and the plaintiffs alleged, as the breach, that at the little of the execution of the bond there were in the hands of Rector, as suveyor, to be applied and disbursed by him in the dischiarge of the duties of his office, for the use and benefit of the United States, divers suns of money, amounting, &c., and that the said Rector had not applied or disbursed the same, or any part thereof, forthe use and benefit of the United States, as in the execution of the duties of his office he ought to have done. The jury found for the plaintiff, and assessed the damages for the breach of the condition at forty thouand dollars, and the judgment was entered " quod recuperet," the damages, not the debt. Thjs judgment is clearly erronebus.
It would seem, that in adopting thiq form of rendering the judgment, the court below has been misled by the application of the 26th section of the act of 1789 to this subject. That section, if it sanctions such a judgment at all, is expressly confined to three cases, default,confession or demurrer.
The plaintiffs in error are sureties in an official bond; and it is perfectly clear, as to them, a judgment cannot be rendered beyond the penalty, to be discharged on payment of what is due, which of course, can only be where it is less thazr the penally. The statute expressly requires that the surveyors of the public lands shall give bond for fii faithful disbursement of public money, and in this bond the words which relate to disbursemeni are omitted, and the only words inserted are" that he shall faithfully discharge the duties of his office." The court feel no difficulty In maintaining,,hat where the conditions are cumula. tive, thb omission of one conditiof cannot invalidate the bond po far as the otheropbrates to bind the party.
Rector was commissioned surveyor of thWpeublic lands on the 13th June 1823, and the bond bears date the 17th August 1823. Between the third of March and the 4th of Junq. in the same year, there had been paid to Rector from the treasury, the sum of money found by the jury, and thus it was paid to him be fore the date of his commission, and before the date of the bond. By the court. For any sum paid to Rector prior to the execution of the bond,

SUPREME COURT.
[Farrar and Brown -Ds. The United States.]
there is but one ground on whicht the sureties could be held answerable to the United States, and that is on thv' assumption that he still held the money in bank or otherwise. If still in his hands, he was up to that time bailee to the government; but upon the contrary hypothesis, he bad become a debtor or defaulter to the government, and his offence was already consummated. If intended to cover past dereliction, the bond should have been made retrospective in its language. The sureties have not undertaken against Ifis past misconduct. They ought therefore to have been let in to proof of the actual state 6f facts so vitally important to their defence; and whether paid away in violation of the trust reposed in him; if paid away, he no longer stood in the relation of bailee. Such a case was not one to which the act applies which requires the submission of accounts to the treasury before discounts can be given in evidence; since this defence goes not tQ discharg6 a liability incurred, but to negative itV ever existing.
ERROR to the district court of the United States for the district of Missouri.
This was an action of debt, brought by the United States in the district court of the United States for the district of Missouri; against Berhard G. Farrar, Joseph C. Brown, and others, upon a bond dated the 7th day of August 182S in the penal sum of thirty thousand dollars, conditioned that "whereas the president of the United States had, pursuant to law, appointed William Rector surveyor of the public lands in ,the state of Illinois and Missouri, and in the territory of Arkansas; now, therefore, if the said William Rector shall faithfully execute and discharge the duties of his office, then the obligation to be void."
The defendanis pleaded that William Rector had performed
his duties as surveyor. The breach assigned in the replication is, that at the time
of the execution ofthe bond, "there were in the hands of the said William Rector, as such surveyor, to be by him, in the discharge of the duties of his office, applied and disbursed for the use and benefit of the plaintiffs, divers sums of money, amounting in the whole to a large sum of money, to wit: the sum of forty-four thousand seven hundred and eighty dollars and thirty-eight cents; and that the said William Rector hath not applied and disbursed the same, or any part thereof, for the use and benefit of the plaintiffs, as in the execution of the-duties of his said office he ought to have done."
Upon this plea issue was taken, and under the instructions of the court the jury found the issue for the plaintiffs below, and

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Farrar and Brown vs. The United States.]
assessed the damages at forty thousand four hundred and fiftysix dollars and twenty cents; and judgment was rendered for that sum in damages.
At the irial the plaintiffs produced and read in.evidence, a duly certified copy of this bond, and a transcript from the books and proceedings of the treasury, certified by the register of the treasury, and authenticated under the seal of the department. The certificate so annexed, was in the following
words: I Joseph Nourse, register of the treasury of the United
States, do certify that the foregoing report and statement, No. 47, 798, of the account of William Rector, late surveyor of public land in the state of Illinois and Missouri, and the territory of Arkansas, are true copies of the originals on file in this
office." The defendants objected to the reading of this evidence, and
the court overruled the objection. The defendants then offered competent evidence to prove that Rector, before the execution of the bond declared on, had expended for his own private use all the money charged to have been received by him from the United States, which proof the court refused, to admit. The defendants then offered to prove that Rector, before the execution of the bond, had expetded thirty-two-thousand dollars of the balance appearing against him in-the account given in evidence, in legal payments to deputy surveyors; but the court refused to admit, the evidence, because no claim for credits on account of said payments, oriany of them, had been made at the treasury department.
They also gave in evidence a letter from John M'Lean, commissioner of the land office, to William Rector, dated 13th of June 1823, as, follows: -
"Enclosed yofi have a dommission from the" president of the United States, appointing you, by and -with the advice and consent of the senate, surveyor of the public lands. in the states of Illinois and Missouri, and in the territory of Arkansas, for the term of four years from the date thereof, the 20th of February 1823. You'will please to qualify'yourself by taking an oath to support the constitution of the United States, and by entering into bond with obe or more good securities, in the sum of thirty thousand'dollars; the securities to be ap-

SUPREME COURT.
[Farrar and Brown vs. The United States.]
proved by the United States district judge or attorney, whose certificate must be endorsed on the bond, a form of which is enclosed. The bond and oath to be sent to this office."
As has been stated, the bond sued on is dated on the 7th of August 1823, and it appeared by Rector's account with the government, -exhibited in- the bill of exceptions, that the money now sought to be recovered of the sureties was entrusted to Rector at various times, from the 3d of March to the 41 of June, inclusive, of the same year.
The defendants below prayed the court to instruct the jury that "if they find from the evidence that William Rector, at the time the money with which he is charged was received, had not received a commission, as surveyor of the public lands in the state of Illinois and Missouri, and the territory of Arkansas, the present defendants are not liable to this action, upon the breach assigned;" which instruction the court refused to give: but instructed the jury, "that all moneys which had been received by the said William. Rector, as surveyor of the public lands in the state of Illinois and Missouri, and territory of Arkansas, p rior to the execution of the writing obliatory declared on, and which 'had not been duly disbursed by him in the discharge of the duties of his office, or paid back to the government, -would be considered in his hands, in the sense of the issue joined between the parties in this case; and that whether the, moneys so received were received between the date of his appointment and the time when the commission came to his hands, or after the last mentioned time, -was ihLmaterial; and whether he had given bond and taken the oath of office, before the receipt of the money, as aforesaid, was equally immaterial." And further instructed the jury, "cthat the transcript aforesaid might be received by them as evidence that the money charged in the account had been received by him, as surveyor as aforesaid, and was evidence that there were moneys in his hands, at the date of the said writing ob. ligatory, as stated in the account contained in the said transcript, to be disbursed in the due discharge and execution of the duties of his office, or..accounted for' to the government, as surveyor as aforesaid: subject, hdwever, to be impeached by evidence on the part, of 'the defendants. That the letters testamentary and of administration, in evidence in the present

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Farrar and Brown vs. The"United States.]
case, on the part of the defendants, entitle them to the benefit of a credit for the amount of the items which appears by the account to have been suspended, for want of proof of the executorship of William Rector, and the want of proof that letters of administration had been granted to Thomas C. Rector, against the balance appearing on the accounts."
The defendants then moved the court to instruct the jury, "that upon the whole evidence the plaintiff couid: not recover," which instruction was refused.
The defendants, by.their counsel, moved the court for anew trial; for a repleader; in arrest of judgment; and for judgment for the defendants; non obstante veredicto; all which motions were overruled. They then prosecuted this writ of error.
The case was argued by Mr Geyer and Mr Benton, for the plaintiff in error; and by Mr Berrien, attorney general, for the United States.
For the plaintiff in error it was contended: 1. That thejudgmentis erroneous. 2. That the act of congress requiring surveyors general to give bond and security, does not apply to Rector; who was not a surveyor general. 3. That the bond sued upon is not such a one as the act of congress prescribes. 4. That it was no part of the duties of the office filled by Rector, to disburse moneys. 5. That the money alleged to have been put into his hands was before he had been commissioned, and before the bond in question was given. 6. That the treasury transcript of Rector's account admitted on the trial, was not in this case evidence under any act of congress. 7. That the appellahts had a right to have proved that Rec-
tor had applied the money put into his hands to the public use.
8. That the court below erred upon all these points, as set forth in the record and bill of exceptions; and also erred in refusing a new trial, and overruling the motion in arrest of judgment.
Mr Geyer and Mr Benton, for the plaintiffs in error, argued that this was an action of debt on a penal bond, judgment has
VOL. V.-2 X

SUPREME COURT.
[Farrarand Brown vs. The United States.]
been rendered in damagesfor an amount exceeding the penalty, and although the excess may be corrected by a remittitur; there is error in the form of the judgment, which the statute referred to (authorizing breaches to be assigned and damages assessed) does not cure: that statute expressly declares that the judgment is to be entered as theretofore had been usually done.
A surveyor like Rector was not bound to give a bond with security. Land Laws, 698, 818. Acts of copigress, passed 6th February 1806, 7th May 1822. He was a subordinate officer, and the law applies only to the surveyor general; and he only is required to give a bond: nor was it a part of the duty of this officer to disburse public money. It not being a part of the regular duties of this inferior officer to receive and pay the public funds, his sureties are not answerable for any violation of a trust illegally or without authority cast upon him.
Unless the bond sued on was authorized by some act of congress, it is not obligatory. Although the power of making contracts is inherent in every sovereignty, and may be exercised in every government which has a constituted agent authorized to exert that power, and an existing code of laws ascertaining the obligation of such contracts; yet the United States not having by the constitution of their government committed the exercise of this attribute of sovereignty to any officer or agent. it cannot be exercised in the absence of any expression of the legislative rule,
The common law of England cannot be referred to, for the purpose of ascertaining the powers, or measuring the capacity of this government or its agents. The United States recognize no common law. To make a valid contract, the party must not only have a capacity to contract, but the means of exercising that capacity by expressing their assent to its stipulations. The power of this government to make contracts can only be exercised by an agent defegated for that purpose; though inherent, it remains dormant until it is called into action by law.
It has been contended that this portion of sovereignty has been delegated to the executive. 'This proposition is inadmissible. It accords to the president, as apart of his constitutional power, a right to contract in the name and to pledge the faith of the nation in any manner, for any purpose, and to an indefinite extent in the absence of all law. To this extent"is the power claimed. The authority to make one contract in the absence of

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Farrar and Brown vs. The United States.]
law, can only be defended by the assertion of the general right to make any contract whatever. This power is said to have been delegated to the president in that clause of the constitution which declares that "6he shall take care that the law be faithfully executed:"-but it is submitted, that before he can execute a law of the union, it must have been enacted by the legislature; he cannot in the absence of law exercise the power of making contracts, and much less, as in this case, against the
expression of the legislative will.
Again, a contract can have no validity in a legal sense, unless there be a law to ascertain and fix its obligation. If it be true that this government has no common law, nor any general statute law defining the obligation of contracts with the government; it follows, that every such contract must derive its obligation by an act authorizing it, or it has no obligation. We maintain, therefore, that no contract with the United States can be valid, which is not previously authorized by an act of congress appointing an -agent to express the assent of the government, and referring the contract, when made, expressly, or by implication, to some law to govern its obliga-
tion. But the power of Making contracts thus admitted to be in-
herent in the government, whatever may be its incidents, is subject to be controlled, modified and regulated by the legislature of the union. They have, in the act of 1822 under considjeration, exercised this controlling power; they have created an agent to take bonds of surveyors, and have prescribed the' very terms in which it shall be drawn; by the terms of art employed, and the form of the instrument to be executed, they refer to the law of its obligation. This expression of the legislative will cannot lawfully be departed from; it excludes the idea that any other officer than the secretary of the treasury should act in behalf of the United States, or that any other contract than that prescribed, should be entered into in the particular ease. If the act has any force as a law, it narrows the general p~wer to contract; and implies a di:sent.on the part of the government, that any other than the bond prescrib-
ed should be taken. Any other construction of this act would deny its force as a law, by allowing a discretion in the executive officers to exercise their pleasure, notwithstanding the expression of the sovereign will. This bond -notbeing in con-

SUPREME COURT.
[Farrar and Brown vs. The United States.]
formity with the act, is'not only taken without authority, but
against law. The surveyor of the public lands for the states of Illinois
and Missouri, and territory of Arkansas, was not by law a disbursing officer; consequently the breach assigned is not within the condition of the bond. Not one of the several acts of congress, defining the powers and duties of this officer, make it his 'duty to receive or disburse money; his salary and fees are fixed by law; he is no where authorized to recei e or pay out money; he receives no commission for any such service, nor is he authorized or -required to do any act rendering it -necessary that he should disburse money; nor do any regulations of the department appear to have been before the jury, by which it became his duty to act as a disbursing officer. The legislature expressly required a conditior for the faithful disbursement of moneys to be inserted in the bond; as well as the condition for the faithful performance of the duties of the officer. The bond sued od does not contain'the first condition. The legislature did not suppose that the last would include the first, or they would not have required the double condition. The words in the bond are not more comprehensive than the last condition required by the law. The first condition being omitted, the other cannot now by any fair construction be held to comprehend both.
The plaintiffs in error cannot be held liable for moneys received by their principal, before the date of their bond; even if its obligation is admitted, and Rector be a disbursing officer. The condition of the bond is prospective, and the act of congress of 1822 declares that the bond shall be given before the surveyor shall enter upon the duties of his office. No money could lawfully be placed in his hands before the date of tie bond; in the sense of the issue, he could not have received the money as such surveyor, &c., until he was authorized; certainly not while he was forbidden to act. Until the 7th August he was a debtor of the United States, not an officer holding their money according to law. The credit had been given' on his individual responsibility; and the subsequent execution of the bond, which is prospective, and provides for the faithful performance of future official duties, cannot be converted into a security for a pre-existing private debt, to legalize the

JANUARY TERM 1891.
[Farrarand Brown v. The United States.] unlawful acts of the treasury officers, and convert the, past conduct of Rector into a breach of the bond the moment it was signed.
The treasury transcript of Rector's account was improperly admitted in evidence. The account should contain every item of charge and discharge, so "that.the party should have full hotice of every part of the claim.
Revenue officers, or officers accountable for public money, are those against whom the transcripts from the treasury are evidence. The provisions of the law do not apply to sureties; as to them, as they cannot be supposed to be cognizant of the accounts of their principal, -there should be the usual mode of proof, and they should have all the means of defence which are known to the law.
A contrary principle is pregnant with injustice as to the sureties: no notice is given to them of the settlement of the account, and they will be subjected to charges which they had no opportunity to repel or disprove. They cannot make the affidavit which the law demands to enable them to resist, on the trial, the claims of the United States; or to maintain the right of their principal to credits which have been withheld by th6 treasury department.
The first item in the account is for a balance of fourteen thousand dollars, ascertained on some previous settlement before the 3a'March 1823; consequently before the date of the bond; a default ascertained, for yhich these securities cannot be held liable. This evidence was not only improperly admitted, but the court instructed the jury that the whole amount of the account, including this item, must be presumed to have been in Rector's hands at the date of the bond: assuredly a default (of which the ascertainment of a balance is evidence), happening before the date of the bond, cannot be charged on the sureties.
The court erred in rejecting the evidence offered by the defendants below. The court Pres-uzedthatthe money received by Rector before the 4th June, remained in his hands on the 7th August 1823. The defendants ought to have been allowed to rebut this presumption, by proving the facts to show that what had been placed in his hands on his individual responsibility, and against law, had been wasted or disbursed

SUPREME COURT.
[Farrarand Brown vs. The United States.]
lawfully or unlawfully before he became entitled to have any money in his official character; and that the default had actually happened before thp date of the bond. The evidence was not offered for the purpose of establishing credits; but to show that the defendants ought never to have been debited: that the money had passed out of Rector's hands before, nd consequently was not in his hands on the 7th August 1823.
The judgment ought to have been arrested. The breach assigned, and the facts found and admitted do not amount to a breach of the bond. Money is alleged by the plaintiff to have been in Rector's hdnds on the 7th of August 1823, to be applied and disbursed in the discharge of the duties of his office, and that he neither disbursed or accounted for it. It is not averred, and consequently neither found by the jury or admitted by the pleadings, that there ever was occasion to disburse money, or that Rector ever was required to account. If there was any money in his hands, in his official character, he had a right to retain it until demands which he was bound to pay were presented, or the government required him to account for it. The facts alleged in the replication were true the moment before the execution of the bond; and the very moment it was signed. In fact, the court -so instructed the jury. The substance of the instruction given is, that the money must be presumed to have been in Rector's hands undisbursed and unaccounted for on the 7th of August. These sureties are then held liable, because the money committed to their principal remained after the execution of the bond in the very condition in which it was before, without the averment or proof of 'ny duty requiring a change of that condition.
Mr Berrien, attorney general, for the United States. This is an action of debt for the performance of covenants. The principal in the bond was a surveyor of public lands, bound to perform certain duties under the laws of the United States, and by virtue of his commission. The judgment must therefore be in damages; being for the amount which by the breach of the obligations of the principal was due to the United States. If the judgment is beyond the penalty of the bond, the difference may be, and will be released. This may be done in court, 2 Peters, 327.

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Farrarand Brown vs. The United- States.]
A bond voluntarily given to the United States by a public officer is good, although no law requires that such bond shall be executed. The absence of authority to take such a bond does not make the condition illegal.
The cases establish the following principles: 1. That a bord given by or to a public officer, or to the government, is not invalid merely because there is no law which specifically authorizesIhe one to demaAd or requires the other to give it. That it is only Void where the condition is against law requiring. 1. Something to be done which is malum in se or malum prohibitum. 2. The omission of a duty. 3. The encouragement of crimes or'misdemeanours. 2. That as the statute which authorizes a bond to be taken mayhave specified the terms of the condition; it does not therefore render void a bond voluntarily given, although the condition be variant from that prescribed by the statute. 3. That a bond is not less voluntary, because it has been required by a public officer; if the condition be not contrary to law. Cited, Mitchell vs. Reynolds, 1 P. Wins. 181. 2 Strang. 745, 1137. 2 Ld. Raym. 1459, 1327. 6 Term Reports 588. 2 Dall. 118. 6 Binney, 292. 5 Mass. Rep. 314. 12 Mass. Rep. 367. Post Master General vs. Earlyj 12 Wheat. 136. 9 Cranch, 28. 1 Cranch, 137. The United States may be endorsees of a bill of exchange, and sue as such, 3 Wheat. 172. If they may do this, on the same principles they may become thfe assignees of a bond; ermay be the obligees of a bond, in the same manner as an individual, and with all the rights and privileges of such an assignee or obligee: The government of the United States have always acted on these principles. Where acts of congress have directed bonds. to be given, without saying to whom, they are taken to the United States. If the United States may take a bond, it must be directed by the executive. It is a part of his constitutional power under which he is to see that the laws are executed, to designate the manner and the form to be employed; and this in any way not forbidden by law. The president appoints officers to execute the laws; and if in his opinion the most appropriate means to secure their execution by those so 4ppointed is by requiring bonds for the performance of the duties entrusted to them, lie may require them.

SUPREME COURT.
[Farrar and Brown vs. The United States.]
The bond then on which this suit has been brought must be
considered as having been taken under the direction of the president of the United States, acting under the constitution.
The disbursement of the public money was a part of the duty of the surveyor; it was necessarily involved in the performance of the trust delegated to him. He must have had assistants, and they were to be paid. They were to be provisioned, and those-supplies could only be procured by the paymeit of money. His office was therefore one peculiarly requiring a bond, with security.
The office of surveyor of the public lands, which was held by Rector, was authorized by law. The provisions of the land laws are not confined to the surveyor-general, but the.legislation of congress applies to those who were employed to perform the duties of making surveys of the public lands, and these persons are in the acts of congress, recognized as surveyors general.
The treasury transcript is evidence, although no notice was given to the sureties; 9 Wheat 651: and the transcript was made out according to the law of 1796; Ingersoll's Digest, 714; and to the forms which have been constantly pursued at the treasury.
If the transcript was evidence, no payments could have been shown on the trial, 'but those which had been previously submitted to the accounting officers of the treasury. In this there is no difference between the principal debtor to the United States and his sureties. 6 Wheat. 135. 9 Cranch, 212.
IfRector was an officer within the meaning of the laws which make the transcript evidence, it was properly admitted by the court. The giving a bond and taking the oath of office was not necessary to authorize him to enter on the duties of the office.
By the settlement it does not appear that he was in default at the date of the bond, or until 1824. Conceding that the securities are not bound for the acts of Rector before the date of the bond, August 1,823, yet the duty of the principal to pay continued afterwards; and unless the balance which was afterwards ascertained to be due was paid, they~are liable. Tha default of Rector did not occur until he was called upozi tQ

JANUARY TERM 131.
[Farrarand Brown vs. The United States.]
account, and this was after the execution of the bond in 1824. The case of The United States vs. Giles, 9 Cranch, 212; 3 Peters's Cond. Rep. 377, was cited. and commented upon.
Mr Justice JoHrNsoN delivered the opinion of the Court. This was a suit instituted below, against the.plaintiffs here, to recover a debt of thirty thousand dollars, for which they had become bound to the United States, as .sureties for one Rector; who is described in the bond as "6surveyor of the public lands in the state of Illinois and Missouri, and-the territory of Arkansas." The plea was performance, and the breach alleged in the replication is in these words: "cthat at the time of the execution of the bond, there were in the hands of the said William Rector, as such surveyor, to be by him, in the discharge of the duties of his office, applied and disbursed for the use and benefit of the plaintiffs, divers sums of money, amounting, &c., and that the said William Rector hath not applied and disbursed the same money, or any part thereof, for the use and benefit of the plaintiffs, asin the execution of the duties of his said office he o1ight to have done." On this plea issue was taken, and at the trial a bill of exceptions was taken to sundry instructions of the court,- given or refused, which will .be considered in their proper place. Two questions of a more general character must first be disposed of. The first arises on the form of'the judgment, the jury having found for the plaintiffs below, on the breach assigned, assess the damases for breach of the condition at forty-one -thousand dollars; and thejudgment rendered is - quod recuperet," the damages, not the debt aforesaid. The parties, plaintiffs in error, are the sureties, and it is perfectly clear that as to them ajudgment cannot be rendered beyond the penalty, to be discharged on payment of what is actually due; which of course can only be where it is a sum less than the penalty. It is proposed on behalf of the United States to release the surplus, and such is their right; but this still leaves the form of the judgment uncured and unamended.. It would seem, that in adopting this form of rendering judgment, the court below has been misled by the application of the 26th gection of the act of 1789 to this subject. If so, it is a clear misapprehension; since that section, if it sanctions such
VoL. V.-2 Y

SUPREME COURT.
[Farrar and Brown vs. Tie United States.]
ajudgment at all, is expressly confined to three cases: default, confession, or demurrer; with neither of which is the present case affected.
There is -nodoubt, then, that the judgment must be reversed on this ground; but as other points, as well as those made in the bill of exceptions, might again embarrass the cause in the court below, and would most probably bring it backagain here; it becomes necessary to consider those points.
TJie second preliminary point alluded to is, whether the bond was not taken without law, or contrary to law, so as to be illegal and invalid. This turns on the official character assigned to Rector in the bond, or on that in which in fact he is to be regarded in law. He is described as "surveyor of public land" in certain districts, not as surveyor general. And such in fact was his literal character, for the office of-surveyor general still exists, nominally unique, although a large proportion of his powers and duties have been transferred to the surveyors of public lands in certain districts, subsequently detached from the region over which his powers were originally extended.
In deciding on this point three questions are to be considered; first, whether he was bound to give bond at all; secondly, whether the words of the condition embrace the duties of a disbursing officer; and thirdly, whether those-duties were incident to his office.
Upon looking through all the laws passed upon this subject, it can hardly be doubted that this officer was intended to be included in the provision of the act of May 7th, 1822, requiring security of the surveyor general. Literally, there was at that time provision made under the laws for only one surveyor general; but it is abundantly evident that the officer who gave this bond was intended to be included in the provisions of that act, under the description of a surveyor general. The indiscriminate use of this appellation in the previous and subsequent legislation of congress ofi"the subject, will lead us to this conclusion.
Until the passing of the act of February 28th, 1806, all the surveying for the United States was carried on under the provisions-of the act of May 18th, 1796, as amended by the act of May 10th, 1800; and under the control and superintendance of the surveyor genei-al. In the year 1806, after the

JANUARY TERM 1831.
rFarrarand.Brown vs. The United States.]
purchase of Louisiana, the powers of that officer were extended to the country newly acquired, and he was enjoined to ap'point a sufficient number of skilful surveyors as deputies, one' of whom, to be appointed with the approbation of the secretary of the treasury, was to assume the character of principal deputy, and to exercise over the co-deputies the general power vested in and exercised previously by the surveyor general. The subordinate character of all these officers was distinctly marked by that act; and yet we find that in the act of March 3d, 1807, in the second section of the act, the epithet of surveyor general is expressly applied to that individual of them who hould have been employed in surveying the public lands south of the Tennessee, (4 L. U. S. 111). Yet at a subsequent dty, to wit, March 3d, 1815, (4 L. U. S. 834), we find the same officer designated generally as a surveyor of that district of country. So also, when the act of April 29th, 1816, was passed, which abolished the appointment of these deputies, and conferred the appointment of their present substitutes upon the president, the latter are simply designated as a surveyor, and not surveyor general. Yet when the act of May 7th, 1822, is passed, requiring bond to be given by these officers, it is expressed altogether in the plural number, as recognizin the existence of more than one surveyor general.
There were then no other officers in existence, besides the actual surveyor general, who could come within the literal enactments of that statute; unless we incl'Ae a surveypr appointed under the provisions of the act of April 29th, 1816. That is the present obligor. And if further confirmation be required to establish Ehe necessary extension of the provisions of that law to the present cause, we have it in the act of *May26th, 1824, inthe second section of that act; the language of which expressly recognizes the existence of more than one surveyor general. It is clear then- that from the time that the appointment of deputies by the surveyor general was superseded by the appointment of surveyors by the treasury department, the independent character in which those officers then acted, identified them with the surveyor general, so far as to have led to the use of language by congress, adapted to confounding them with the surveyor general.
We therefore have no doubt that they were included in the

SUPREME COURT.
[Farrar and Brown vs. The United States.]
provisions of the act which required bonds to be taken on their accession to office. Nor do we think that there is. any more doubt that the law contemplates them as disbursing officers. It is express in requiring them to give bond for the faithful disbur8ement of public money; and cui bono do
this, if they were not regarded as disbursing officers? But the words of the statute which relate to, disbursements
are omitted from the condition of this bond) and the only words inserted are, "that he shall faithfully discharge the duties of his office." The court feel no difficulty in maintaining that where the conditions are cumulative, the omission of one condition cannot invalidate the bond, so far as the other operates to bind the party. But the question is one of much more difficulty, whether, where the law is express that the condition shall be both for the f'aithful disbursement of money, and the general discharge of. duty, and the latter only is inserted; the former may still be held to be comprised within the general wotds of the latter. But for the language used in the statute, the court has no doubt that the case would have been open to proof, that the disbursement of money was one of the known and habitual duties of the office, and included in the general words; but whether the omission of the express words which imposed this liability does not preclude a resort to their restoration incidentally by proof. is a question on which 1he court have felt much difficulty, and which they will not now decide.
The next questions to be considered are those presented by the hill of exceptions, and of these, that which goes to the sufficiency of the certificate has already been disposed of in the case of John Smith T. vs. The United States, ante 292;'in which the same form of certificate was held to be a substantial compliance with the law under which it was resorted to as proof.
The remaining questions grow out of this state of facts. Rector was appointed surveyor, or at least commissioned as such, on the 13th June 1823; and this bond bears date the 7th August 1823. Between the 3d of larch and the 4th of June in the same year, there had been paid to him from the treasury, the sum of money found by the jury. So that it was paid to him before the commission, and before the bond in proof

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Farrar and Brown vs. The United States.]
On this state of facts the bill of exceptions asserts three grounds of defence.
1. That the sureties could not be made liable at all for the moneyso paid.
2. That if at all, they ought to be letinto proof that Rector had appropriated the money to his own use before the date of the bond. Or,
3. That he had paid it, or enough of it to cover the penalty of the bond to the use of the United States, before they became bound for him.
On these points we feel no difficulty in affirming; th{t for any sums paid to Rector prior to the execution of the bond, there is but one ground on which the sureties could be held answerable to the United States, and that is on the assumption that he still held the money in bank or otherwise. If still in his hands, he was, up to that time, bailee to the government; but upon the contrary hypothesis, he had become a debtor or defaulter to the government, and his offence was already consummated. If intended to cover past dereliction, the bond should have been made retrospective in its language. The sureties have not undertaken against his pastmisconduct. They ought therefore to have been let into proof of the actual state of facts so vitally important to their defence; and whether paid away in violation or in execution of the trust reposed in him, if paid away, he no longer stood in the relation of" bailee. It was not then a case to which that act applies which requires the submission of accounts to the,treasury before discounts can be given in evidence; since this .defence goes not. to discharge a liability incurred, but to negative its ever existing.
In giving instructions to the.jury on these points, therefore, the court erred, as well as in refusing to let th6 defendants into proof, as prayed; since such testimony presents a direct negative to the breach alleged, which is, that the obligor then had the money in his hands.
Judgment reversed, and venire facias de novo awarded.

JANUARY TERM 1831.
TowNsExD D. PEYTON AND OTHERS, APPELLANTS ZYS.JO-
SEPH STITH, APPELLEE.
Ejectment-Jenkin Phillips, on the 18th May 1780, "enters 1000 acres on the "south-west side of Licking creek, on a branch called Bucklick creek, on the "lower side of said creek, beginning at the mouth of the branch, and running "up the branch for quantity, including three cabins." A survey was made on this entry the 20th November 1795, taking Bucklick branch, reduced to a straight line as its base, and laying off the quantity in a rectangle on the northwest of Bucklick. A patent was granted to Phillips on this survey on the 26th June 1796. This entry is sufficientdy descriptive according to the well established principles of this and the courts of Kentucky; and gave Phillips the prior equity to the land, which has been duly followed up and consummated by a grant within the time required by the laws of Virginia and Kentucky, without any laches which can impair it. The pr9pdr survey under this entry was to make the line following the general course of Bucklick the centre instead of the base line of the survey; and to lay off an equal quantity on each side in a rectangular form, according to the rule established by the court of appeals in Kentucky, and by this court.
Peyton claimed the land under an entry made by Francis Peyton, and a survey on the 9th October 1784, and a patent on the 24th December, 1785, so that the case was that of a claim of the prior equity against the elder grant, which it is admitted carried the legal title.
Stith took possession as tenant of the heirs of Peyton, under an agreement for one year, at twenty dollars per year. Possession was afterwards demanded of him on behalf of the lessors, which he refused to deliver-and a warrant for forcible entry and detainer was on their complaint issued against him, according to the law of Kentucky, and on an inquisition he was found guilty; but on a traverse, of the inquisition he was acquitted, and an ejectment was brought against him by the lessors. Eight days after the finding of the inquisition, Stith purchased the land from Phillips. This is the case of an unsuccessful attempt by a landlord to recover possession from an obstinate tenant, whose refusal could not destroy the tenure by which he remained on the prerhises, or impair any of the relations which the law established between them. The judgment on the acquittal concluded nothing but the facts necessary to sustain the prosecution, and which could be legally at issue: title could not be set up as a defence : Stith could not avail himself of the purchase from Phillips. A judgment for eitherparty left their rights of property wholly unaffected; except as to the mere possession: the acquittal could only disaffirm the forcible entry, a nothing else was at issue: the tenancy was not determined : Peyton was not ousted: and the possession did not become less the possession of the landlord by any legal consequences as resulting from the acquittal.
In the base of Willison vs. Watkins, 3 Peters, 44, this court considered and declared the law to be settled; that a purchase by a tenant of an adverse title claiming under or attoming to it or any other disclaimer of tenure, with the knowledge of the landlord: was forfeiture of his term : that his possession became so far adverse, that the act of limitations would begin to run in his favour from the time of such forfeiture, and the landlord could sustain an ejectment

SUPREME COURT.
[Peyton et al. vs. Stith.]
against him without notice to quit, at any time before the period prescribed by the statute had expired, by the mere force of the tenure; without any other evidence than the proof of the tenancy : but that the tenant could in no case contest the right of his landlord to possession, or.defend himself by any claim or title adverse to him, during the time which the statute has to run. If the landlord, under such circumstances, suffers the time prescribed by the statute of limitations to rup out without making an entry or bringing a suit, each party may stand upon their right: but, until then, the possession of the tenant is the possession of the landlord. From the time of the purchase by Stith from Phillips, although it became adverse for the specified purposes, it remained fiduciary for all others. The same principles which would prevent a tenant from contesting his landlord's title in a court of law, would apply with greater force in a court of equity, to which he would apply for the quieting of a torfious possession and a conveyance of the legal title. If the relations existing between them could deprive them of defence at law, a court of chancery could not afford him relief as a plaintiff durng their continuance. Before he cau be heard in either, in assertion of his title, he must be out of possession, unless it has become legalized by time: and even then, there may be cases where an equitable title had been purchased under such circumstances as could justify a court of equity in withholding it, and to a malafide purchaser. A patent for unimproved lands, no part of which was in the possession of any one at the time it issued, gives legal seisin and constructive possession of all the land within the survey. Courts of equity adopt the same rule as to possession to bar a recovery in ejectment, as courts of law.
APPEAL from the chancery side of the circuit court of
the United States for the district of Kentucky. In that court, Joseph Stith, the appellee, filed a bill for an
injunction to stay perpetually proccedings by the appellants, on a judgment obtained by them in an ejectment instituted by
them as the devisee of Francis Peyton, against Joseph Stith
the appellee. The relief sought by the complainant in the circuit court
was founded on the allegation that one Jenkin Phillips, under
whom the complainant claimed, made the first entry on the land in controversy; although it was admitted that the plain-
tiffs in the ejectment held under the eldest patent. The circuit court decreed a perpetual injunction, as to so
much of the land as fell within a certain location mAde under a survey ordered by that court, within the bounds of Jenkin
Phillips's conveyed to the complainant. From the decree
the respondents appealed to this court. The facts are fully stated in the opinion of the court.

JANUARY TERM 1831.
tPeyton et al. vs. Stitb.]
The case was argued by Mr Taylor and Mr Jones for the appellants; and by Mr Bibb and Mr Daniels for the appellees.
Mr Justice BALDWIN delivered the opinion of the Court. The subject of this controversy is a tract of land situated on Kingston fork of Licking creek, and Buck Lick creek a branch thereof. Stith, the complainant below, claims title under an entry made by Jenkins Phillips on the 1sth of May 1780, in the following words. "Jenkins Phillips enters one thousand acres on the south-west side of Licking creek, on a branch called Back Lick creek on the lower side of said creek; beginning at the mouth of the branch, and running up the branch for quantity, including three cabins. A survey was made on this entry on the 20th November 1795, taking Buck Lick branch, reduced to a straight line as its base, and laying off the quantity in a rectangle on the north west side of Buck Lick. A patent was granted to Phillips on this survey on the 26th of June 1796, who, on the 8th of February 1814, conveyed to Stith 666 acres thereof, including the land in controversy. Stith was then in possession of the land under the circtfmstances which will be hereafter referred to. The appellant claimed, under an entry mad6 by Francis Peyton for 1000 acres, a survey on the 9th of October 1784, and a patent on the 24th of December 1785: so that the case presented was of Stith claiming the prior equity against the elder grant, which, it is admitted, carried the legal title. No question arose on the validity of Peyton's entry, as his elder grant was conclusive, unless an equity arose -in Phillips, by his prior entry; but the validity of this entry was questioned by the appellant on several grounds, involving I'o general principles which are necessary tc be settled by the court, bu only those arising on matters of fact and detail, which have no bearing on the merits of the case. We entertain no doubt of the validity of the entry; its ctlls are sufficiently descriptive, according to the well established principles of this, and the courts of Kentucky, and give Phillips the prior equity to the land, which has been duly followed up and consummated by a grant within the time required by the

SUPREME COURT.
[Peyton et al. vs. Stith.]
laws of Virginia and Kentucky, without any laches which can impair it.
This entry was much contested, both parties objecting to the survey as executed in November 1795. The circuit court were of opinion that the entry ought to be so surveyed, as to make the line following the general course of Buck Lick, the centre instead of the base line of the survey, and to lay off an equal quantity on each side in a rectangular form, according to the rule established by the court of appeals in Kentucky, in Harding's Rep. 59, 367. 1 Bibb. 79, 107. 2 Bibb. 122. 4 Bibb. 153, 383; 'and in this court in 2 Wheat. 323, with which we fully concur. IAs the survey of 1795, and the one directed by the circuit
court, both embrace all the land in dispute about which any contest arises, it is unnecessary to notice them minutely, as in our opinion the entry and survey of Phillips gave him an equitable title which attached to the land, elder than Peyton's, and would entitle the complainant to a decree; unless the case discloses such facts as, independent of the original titles, present a bar to the relief he asks.
It is alleged by the appellant, that one Jeremiah Wilson, in the year 1792 or 1793, came to the land in question within the lines of Peyton's patent, and resided there until the month of March 1795, when he took a lease for five years from the agent of Peyton, and continued to reside there for some years: that from Wilson's first settlement there was a continued uninterrupted possession of the land by tenants and persons holding under Peyton and his heirs, till Stith the complainant took possession as tenant of Peyton's heirs, under an agreement with one Mitchell, who acted as their agent under a verbal authority from some of them; and that he remained there until December 1813, when possession was demanded of him on behalf of the appellants, which he refused to deliver up. Whereupon a warrantof forcible entry ana detainer was on their complaint issued by a justice of the peace on the 27th ofJanuary 1814, and an inquisition taken on the 1st of February, finding Stith guilty; but that on a traverse of the inquisition in April following, he was acquitted. An ejeetment was then brought agqinst him by the appellants, and judgment rendered for the plaintiffs, at the November term of the circuit court,

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Peyton et al. vs. Stith.'
1816, when the present bill was filed, praying for an injunction against further proceedings on the ejectment, and a conveyance of the legal title to the land recovered: An injunction was ordered. The respondents, in their answer, allege that the complainant was put into possession, as the tenant of their ancestor, 'by his agent; but afterwards took protection under Jenkins Phillips, with the fraudulent purpose of cheating and defrauding him.
To this answer a special replication was put in by the complainant, averring that he did not enter as tenant aforesaid; and sets up the proceedings of forcible entry and detaihe'r, and' his acquittal; and relies on them for farther replication in bar of the allegation. An amended answer was by leave of the court and on terms afterward filed, averring that the complainant rented the land and entered thereon as the tenant of Peyton, and continued to reside as such tenant, until he purchased from I hillips; and that he ought not to be permitted to set up any adverse title, ultil he would surrender possession to the respondents. They rely on their uninterrupted possession, plead the act of limitations of 1809, as a bar to the relief sought by the bill, and aver that the bill ought not to b'e sustained, as the complainant is colluding with another, contrary to every principle of morality.
To this amended answer the complainant demurred. 1. Because the act of 1809 was a violation of the compact between the states of Virginia and Kentucky. 2. If the law is not void, the respondents cannot avail themselves of it, as they were not, and the complainant was, settled on and actually in possession of the premises in question, when the bill was filed; holding and claiming under the title set forth in his bill. 3. That the respondents had not the actual and continued possession for the number.of years required by the law, next preceding the filing of the bill, but were ousted and possession held by complainant. 4. That the complainant and respondent were in actual litigation, in the action of ejectment of their relative rights under their titles, on the 1st January 1816, and long before, and until the filing of this bill.
On these pleadings, and a g'eat mass of depositions taken in the cause, the circuit court rendered a decree for the complainant. On a careful examination of the whole record, we are
VOL. V.-S M

SUPREME COURT.
[Peyton et al. vs. Stith.]
abundantly satisfied that the appellants have fully established the fact of the tenancy of Stith, at the time he entered on the land. It is positively sworn to by three witnesses, and contradieted bynone. His demurrer to the amended answer admits it most distinctly; as well as the continuance of the tenancy down to his .purchase from Phillips. If this part of the case rested only on the eviaenee in the cause, unsupported by the demurrer, we should require nothing more to satisfy our minds; tut connected with the solemn admission on record, it presents a case cleared of all possible doubt.
The agreement by which he rented the land, was for one year, at a rent of twenty dollars, payable in November 1811. By continuing in possession, he rerained a tenant from year to year, his possession being in law the possession of Peyton or his heirs, with all the relations of landlord and tenant subsisting between them in full force.
It appears that Stith refused to surrender up the premises, on a demand made by the agent of Peyton, in December 1813; in consequence of which he instituted a proceeding before a justice of the peace, in pursuance to the law of "Kentucky relating to forcible entry and retainer. 4 Littell's Laws 182. This law contains provisions similar to the statutes of Richard III, adopted or substantially re-enacted in all the states; and authorizes the.same proceedings against tenants, who, after the expiration of their term, refuse to restore the possession to the landlord.
On this'proceeding an inquisitiot was found against Stith, on the, 1st of February 1814; but he was acquitted op a tra,verse tried in April following, The record does not state explicitly the object of this process, whether it was to proceed -for the forcible entry or only for the detainer: the warrant is in the form directed by the second section of the law, embracing both; which are charged as having been committed on the 22d of December 1813. This, connected with the proof in the cause, and the admission of the tenancy of Stith In his demurrer to the amended answer to the bill, leaves no doubt that the proceeding was against him as a tenant holding over, and pming within the provisions of the 16th section of the law. 'his'is the more apparent when there appears no evidence, that prior to the purchasefrom Phillips, eight days after the

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Peyton et al. vs. Sti(h.] finding of the inquisition, Stith had done any act disavowing his tenancy, except the refusal to surrender possession. Thus, considered, the case is an unsuccessful attempt by a landlord to recover possession from an obstinate tenant; whose refusal could not destroy the tenure by which he remained on the premises, or impair any of the relations which the law established between them. The effect of the acquittal extended no farther than to deprive the landlord of the benefits expected from this process, and turn him round to the ejectment which he afterwards brought. The judgment on the acquittal, coneluded nothing but the facts necessary to sustain thp prosecution, and which could be legally in issue. If. a case is made out within the 16th section of the law, it declares "4the tenant shall be adjudged guilty of a forcible detainer;" and this was the matter to be inquired into.. Title could not be set up as a defence; Stith could not avail himself of the purchase fbm Phillips; ajudgment for either party left their rights of property wholly unaffected, ex et as to the mere possession; and the acquittal could only disafn the forcible detainer, as nothing else was in issue. It was conclusive on the landlord as to that; but in all other respects the rights and relations of the parties remained as before the institution of the process. The tenancy was not determined; Peyton was not ousted, and the possession did not become less the possession of the landlord by any legal consequfences resulting from the acquittal; unless
the relative situation of the parties as landlord and tenant became changed by the purchase from Phillips, after the inquisition and.before the traverse.
In the case of Willison vs. Watkins, 3 Peters, 44, decided at the last term, thi's court considered and declared the law to be settled, that a purchase by a tenant of an adverse title, claiming under or'attorning to it, or any otlier disclaimer of tenure with the knowledge of the landlord, was a forfeiture of his term: that-his possession became so far adverse,-that the act of limitations could begin to run in his favour, from the time of such forfeiture; and the landlord could sustain ejectment against him without notice to quift at any time before the pe-
fiod prescribed by the statute had expired, by the mere force of tle tenure, without any other evidence thah the proof of thetenancy: but that the tenant could in no ca,!e contest the

SUPREME COURT.
[Peytmi et al. vs. Stith.]
right of his landlord to possession, or defend himself by any claim or title adverse to him, during the,time which the statute
has to run. If the landlord suffers it to run out without making an en-
try, or bringing a suit; each p4rty may stand upon their right; but until then the possession of .the tenant is the possession of the landlord.
Tested by these principles, the purchase from Phillips in 1814 can have no- effect on the merits of this case. Though the possession of Stith became from that time adverse for these specified purposes, it remained fiduciary for all others. He could not assert an adversary title without surrendering possession. The law recognizes him as having no rights of property in the. lands, unless such as grow out of his tenure; his title must remain dormant, while he retains possession for a less term than prescribed by law: it may become active whenever Jie abandons the possession, or it ip protected by the limitation. The same principles, which would prevent a tenant from contesting his landlord's title in a court of law would apply with greater force in a court of equity, to *hich he would apply, for the quieting of a tortious possession, and a cofiveyance of the legal title. If the relations subsiSting between them could deprive him of defence at law, a'court of chancery could not afford him relief as a plaintiff during their continuance. Before he can be heard .in either, in asserition of his title, he must be out of possession, unless it has become legalized by' time; and even then there may be cases where an equitable title had been purchased under such circumstances as would justify a court of equity in withholding their aid to a malafide purchaser.
It is not necessary to decide whether this is such an one, since we are very clear, that the present complainant can on no principle of law or equity, have any claims on the interference of this court to prevent 'the respondents from obtaining, by their judgment in ejectment, a restoration of thQ devised premises. This is his right by the terms and effect of the tenure; on the faith of which the one party gave, and the other received possession. As the possession. of the plaIntiff has been continuous, from the first entry, as a tenant, his remaining after the purchase from Phillips is neither an ouster

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Peyton et al. vs. Stih.]
nor disseisin of Peyton, so as to put him to the assertion of his right under his patent. The possession of Stith must be interrupted, and its continuity broken, before he can be permitted to sustain any proceeding, founded on.the equitable title thus acquired. For admitting his possession to be so far adverse that the limitation began to run from February 1814, the right of the plaintiffs in the ejectment to possession on the termination of the tenancy, remains unimpaired, and is as much to be respected in a court of equity as bf law: it being an attribute and incident of the tenancy which attaches to it, notwithstanding any act of the tenant short of a voluntary restoration of the premises, or undisturbed occupation for seven years by the law of 1809-
This view of the case is fatal to the proceeding in equity, commenced while the complainant is residing on the land demised, and before the expiration of three years from the commencement of .his disclaimer, or adversary holding with the knowledge of Peyton.
There is another objection to the relief sought for by,the complainant, which seems to the court to be conclusive. On an attentive examination of the evidence returned with the record, we are of opinion that a continuea and uninterrupted possession for twenty years in Peyton and his heirs, prior to the filing of the bill, has been fully, proved. There appears to have been no point of time since the first entry of Wilson in 1799 or 1793. within which the premises have been unoccupied by him: as Peyton held the legal title, the po.-ession under him extends to the bounas of his survey; and is as complete to the whole as if the actual occupation was qo-extensive with his grant.
It is proved, without contradiction, that the lan& was in the woods, wholly unimproved, when Wilson first entered; and there is no evidence to show that when he leased rrom Peyton, in March 1795, any other person was upon the ground. His patent gave him legal seisin, and constructive possession, ofall the land within his survey. Barr vs. Gratz, 4 Wheat. 222. Green vs. Liter, 8 Cranch, 250.
Though Wilson's first entry was without claim of title in himself or any other, his attornment to the title 'f Peyton in 1795, will make his possession relaLe back to his first entry;

SUPREME COURT.
'[Peyton et al. vs. Stith.]
and connected with the legal possession, give to Peyton all the benefits of actual occupation from that time. But even confining him'to the period of actual occupation under his title; it appears that twenty-one years and eight months had elapsed before the filing of the complainant!s bill. This would afford at law a complete bar to an ejectment under the title of Phillips: and courts of equity adopt the same rule by.analogy. Hughes vs. Edwards, 9 Wheat. 489. Elmendorf vs. Taylor, 10 Wheat. 152. . The continuity of tho possession does not appear to have been broken; there is evidence of an attempt made by Phillips and Riley, his son-in-law, to tamper and collude with the tenants to attorn him: and some of the wifnesses speak of declarations of some of the tenants of their having some sort of connexion with his titie;-but in what way does not satisfactorily appear. There is no evidence of any agreement between him and any of them; on the contrary, there is clear evidence ofthe "tenancy, Qf all the occupants under Peyton, from the entry of Wilson, down to the lease to Stith; and no fact is disclosed in any of the depositions, which would in law amount to a disclaimer of the tenute by any of the tenants, an
I.
attornment to Phillips, or possession averse to the landlord. There seems nothing which would make out such an adverse possession in Phillips, as would interrupt that of Peyton; and though there are some circumstances in ,evidence of an equivocal character; they cannot -amount to a disseisin or ouster, or dissolve the relations i-esulting from the original acknowledged relations between him and his tenants, which continued until the filing of the bill. Such continued possession for twenty years, under the legal title of Peyton, constitutes a complete bar to all the relief prayed for in the bill. It is therefore the opinion of the court; that the decree of the circuit "court be reversed, and that the cause be remanded, with instructions to dismiss the bill of the complainants, with costs, but without prejudice to the right of the complainant, accruing or vested in him by any deed or contract with Luckett, or any other person, in relation to any part of the land contained in either of the surveys of Peyton.

SUPREME COURT.
MART4. WILSON PAGE, RELICT AND ADMINISTRATRIX OF MANN PAGE, DECEASED, MANN ALEXANDER PAGE AND JANE MARIA PAGE, INFANT CHILDREN OF TUE SAID MANN PAGE, BY THE SAID MARIA WILSON PAGE, THEIR MOTHER AND NEXT FRIEND, COMPLAINANTS, VS. JOHN LLOYD, ExECUTOR OF OSGOOD ILANBURY, WHO WAS SURVIVING PARTNZR OF CAPEL AND OSGOOD HANBURY, ROnERT PATTON, ADMINISTRATOR WITH-,THE WILL ANNEXED OF MANN
PAGE, DECEASEU,. JOHN T. PAGE, LEWIS BIURWELL, AD-
mINISTRATOR OF ROBE.RT C. PAGE AND JOHN MINOR, DEPENDANTS.
Pag was indebted, at the time ofhis decease, to Patton, three thousand pounds and upwards, which was covered by a deed of trust on Mansfield, one of Page's estates. The executors of Page refusing to act, Patton, in 1803, took"out administration with the will annexed, and gave securities fcr the performance of his duties. Patton made sales of the personal estate for cash and on a credit of twelve months, and received various sums of money from the same; he made disbursements In payment of debts and expenses for the support and education of the children pf Page, and in advance to the legatees He kept his administration accounts in a book provided for the purpose, entering his receipts and disbursements for the estate, but ,sot bringing his own debt and interest into the accoint. In 1810 he put the items of his account into the hands of counsel, and rcqu'estcd him to introduce the deed of trust "as lie might think proper;" ard an accQout is administrator was made out, in which the principsiand inteicst of Pttori deb, was entered as !he first item. Afterwards, in the same year, by order of conut, the real esta'e was sold, and Patton received the proceeds of the same. Held, thaf the sum due under the deed of trust to PRtton should be charged on the funds arising from the sale of the real estate: and that having omitted to retain from the proceeds of the personal estate the sum due to him by Page, Patton could not afterwards charge the same against the legal ashets, being the fund produced by the personal estate.
The executor or administrator cannot discharge his own debt in preference to others of superior dignity; though he may give the preference to his own over others of equal degree. In some of the states this rule would not apply, as there is no difference made in the payment of debts between a bond and simple contract.
If the creditor appoint the debtor his executor, in some eases, it operates as release. This, however, is not the case, as against credifor: the release is good against devisees when the debt due has not been specifically devised.
THIS case dame before the. cir'cdit court from the eastern 'district of Virginia, upon certain questions certified from that

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Page vs. Patton et al.]
court, upon which the judges of the circuit court were divided: which, with the facts, are fully stated in the opinion of the court.
The case. was argued by Mr Key and Mr Wirt, for the complainants: Mr Patton read a written argument prepaied by Mr Johnston.
Mr Justice M'LEAN delivered the opinion of the Court. This cause is certified from the eastern district of the circuit court in Virginia, the judges of that court being divided in opinion. The legal question arose out of the following facts, which are substantially stated by the defendant's counsel. Mann Page the second, having made his will, died in 1803, leaving a large estate, real and personal, the whole being charged with the payment of his debts. The words in the will are, "I do hereby subject all my estate, both real and personal, to the payment of my debts, and full power is given to my executois to sell and convey all or any part thereof, which in their discretion they shall deem it most expedient to dispose of for that purpose." T6 his wife he gave a life estate in a part of his farm called Mansfield; and the residue of it he bequeathed, in fee simple, to his two sons Robert and Mann. le devised three several parcels of real estate, and, with the exception of his plate, all his personal property, to his executors, to be "by them applied, in the first place, to the payment of his debts, and the balance, if any, to be divided among his three sons." His daughters were provided for in the will, and the support and education of his children were charged upon his whole estate. The testator, at his death, owed to Robert Patton three thousand five hundred and fifty-seven pounds twelvp shillings and nine pence, which debt was secured by a deed of trust, on the Mansfield estate, dated the 12th of July 1799, bearing interest from the date. He also owed other debts to a large amount, which bound his real estate. As the executors appointed by the will refused to act, Patton took out letters of administration, with the will annexed,
VoL. V.-2 0

SUPREME COURT.
(Page vs. Patton et al.]
in October 1803, and gave sureties for the performance of his duties.
In 1804 he made sales of the personal property on a credit of twelve months; wyith the exception of certain sumls which were required to he paid down. The devisees of the real estate took possession of it. That part which ivas devised to the executors seems not to have been in a condition to be sold.
Up to the year 1810, the administrator received, at different times, various sums of money from the personal assets, and made -disbursements in payment of debts and expenses, for the support and education of the family, and in advance to legatees.
During this period he kept his administration account in a book provided for that purpose, in which his receipts and dip.bursements were entered; but the debt. due to him, from the estate, or the interest on it, was not brought into the account.
In 1810 he furnished to his counsel the items of his account, and requested him to put it into proper form, and to introduce the deed of trust, "as he might think proper."
A statement of the account was made, under the direction. of the counsel, in which the first item of the debit Was the principal and interest of the above debt. This account balanc.ed annually makes the administrator creditor, at the cnd of 1803, the sum of five thousand seven hundredand forty-six pounds twelve shillings and seven pence; at the close of 1810, of the sum of two thousand nine hundred and eighty-nine poundstwelve shillings and eleven pence; and the lowest annualbalance exhibited in his favour was, at the end of 1807, two thousand and ninety-six pounds and six pence half-penny. In the 'account he did not .credit the estate with the amount of sales, but with the amount of collections only.
Creditors Lloyd, &c. who had liens on the real estate, brought suits against the administrat6r and devisees; a sale of the Mansfield estate was ordered, and a receiver appointed.
In this state of things, in June 1810, the plaintiffs, who are the administratrix, widow' and children of Mann Page, the devisor, called Mann Page the second, brought 'this suit against Robert Patton, administrator, and other representatives of Mann Page the second, to have a settlement of the administration account, and a distribution of the surplus. In their bill they allege that the administrator had-received the personal

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Page vs. Patton"et a].]
assets of the testator, and mixed them with his, own: and among other things complain of his attemliting to pay himself the annual interest upon his debt, after omitting it in the account which he had kept of the administratiop.
The administrator answered in March 1811, exhibiting with his answer tAe account made out under the direction of his counsel, and which included the deed of trust.
lie admits that he sold "the personal property, and proceeded to pay the debts due from the estate,.which he may not have paid, according to their dignity; as he *as advised the whole real estate,. which was more than sufficient to pay the debts, was chargeable with them."
On the 7th June 1811, in the case of Lloyd, &c. vs. Patton' etal. there was a consent decree, directing "the commissioner of sales, out of the first instalment, which" would fall due on the 1st of August, to pay costs and charges, and distribute the balance among Robert Patton and others, in the order of priority of their liens; limiting the payment to Patton, whose balance is unsettled, to any sum that the commis-, sioner and William C. Williams might agree on; and taking from him a receipt, submitting himself to any order the court may in future make, for refunding any part of the same." In the same cause, on- the 1st June 1812, the former receiver being dead, the court made an order apppinting Patton the receiver of the court, to collect the money remaining unpaid arising from the sale of the estate, called Mansfield, directing the purchasers to pay to him the purchase money as it -fell due, and directing him to apply the money so received, in the payment of his testator's debts, according to their dignity.
Afterwards, in the same year, Patton made a report to the court showing that of the second instalment of the purchase M~oney, he had received several sums, amounting together to sixteen thousand' nine h'adred and fifty dollars and eighty cents. That prior to his appointment as. receiver, he: had received from the former receiver, the sum of two thousand three hundred and thirty-three dollars and thirty-three cents, on account of the balance reported due to him, on his accounts as administrator; and "which balance arose princially from a deed of trust giv6n to him by Mann Page in his life time, on his Mansfield estate, to secure a debt .then due, and whiet

SUPREME COURT.

[Page vs. Patton et al.]

left a balance due the administrator of -

dollars, which

he retained out of the moneys received by him as above

Itated." He also stated,,that there were several debts due

from the sales of the personal estate, which were in a train of

collection." There having been reports made of the adminis-

tration accounts, exceptions were taken; the first and fifteenth

*of which it may be proper to notice.

In the first is stated the ground, on.which the plaintiffs in-

sist that the principal and, interest 9f the debt secured by the

deed of trust ought not to be Jintrodued into the 'accoupt, as

was done by Patton, under direction of his counsel in 1810,

but ought to be excluded from the account, because it had been

excluded in the administration account kept by Patton in his

book.

The fifteenth contains an objection to the mannaer in which

interest is charged, and alleges in support of that objection, that

the administrator received and mixed the money of the estate

with his own. The account, with the exceptions, was recom-

mitted in June 1813, and commissioner Nicholsen made a re-

port in the year 1815, crediting ihe interest on th'e debt due,

by the deed of trust, reporting the principal still due, and

Patton indgbted as administrator three hundred and seventy-

five pounds thirteen shillings and three pence.

In November 1815, an order was made for directing pay-

ments by the receiver, and further accounts. A report was

made in pursuance of this order, stating Patton to be creditor

as administrator to the amount of fifty-seven pounds twelve

shillings and five pence.

In 1820 another order was made in both causes, directing a fur-

ther payment by the receiver, and further accounts to be taken.

Commissioner Barton, in September 1825, made a report in"

obedience to this order, in which he states that the defendant

Patton contends that he has now the right to debit his teqta-

tor's estate, in the account of his administration, with the

amount of his deed of trust on the Mansfield property. The plaintiffs object to this charge, and insist, that "although
the right to charge the personal assets with this debt once existed, it has been forfeited; not only from the neglect to exercise it, but by his election to charge it on the funds derived from the sale of the identical property, upon which there was a lien to secure it."

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Page vs. Patton et al.]
The commissioner,, not undertaking to decide the question thus raised, presented two statements to the court.
In the first he placed the principal of the dded of trust, together with the interest from December 1814, to the credit of the receiver. In the second the same sum was carried as a credit to the administrator.
Upon the argument of this question, the judges of the circuit court being divided in opinion, it was adjourned to this court for their decision.
Shall the credit be given to the administrator or receivdr. The counsel for the complainants insist, that as a specific lien was given on the Mansfield estate, by the deed of trust, that the proceeds of the sale ofthat estate were more properly applicable to the payment of the debt than the legal assets. In answer to this it may be siid, that although the testator charged his real as well as personal estate with the payment of bis"debts, yet, it was the daty of the administrator, first to apply the legal assets to this purpose. The fact, that the debt in controversy was secured by a lien, does in no respect alter the principle. It seems to have been the design of the testa-
tor to secure to his devisees the Mansfielcl estate, at least until his other property had been exhausted in the payment of debts.
The legal assets, under the Virginia statute, are required to be first applied in the payment of debts, according to their different degrees. This is in conformity to the principle of the common law2 and applies as well to debts secured by mortgage as to others.
The facts in the case, it is contended, conclusively show that the deed of trust was not paid by Patton out of the ?administration fund, but out of moneys received from a sale of the real estate.
The manner in which his administration account was kept; the interest on the deed of trust, which was charged to this account by the commissioner, under the direction of Patton; the decree of 1811, which directed the receiver to make a payment to him and others, according to the dignity of their claims; the acknowledgment under his own band, in his report as receiver, in 1812, of having received from the fbrmer receiver' between two and three thousand dollars, and that lie retained the re-

SUPREME COURT.
[Page vs. Patton et al.]
maining balance due him, out of moneys then in his hands as receiver, 'which balance arose principally from the deed of -trust: all prove that the deed of trust was principally, if not entirely, paid out of the funds in the hands of the receiver.
'It is insisted that the facts also show a determination byPatton to give a preference, in payments, to other debts and to look to a sale of the Mansfield estate for the satisfaction of his deed of trust. That having made his election, or application of the funds in his hands as administrator, it is now too late, as it was in 1810, to change his purpose. That a change might be productive of great embarrassment and consequent injury, by shifting the interests and responsibilities of parties. Several authorities are cited under this head. 4 Cranch, 326. 7 Wheaton, 13. 6 Cranch, 28. 9 Wheaton, 730. 1 Washington, 128. . In a case where the right of applying payments existed and
was exercised by either a debtor or creditor, and notice given, no change can be -j iade in the credit, except by the consent of both parties.
Qn the part of the defendant it is contended,-that it being the duty of the administrator first to apply the legal assets in the payment of debts, he cannot by refusing to do so, throw the burthei of payhient on the real estate. That the consent of the devisees, of which there is no evidence in the presenft ease, cannot authorize the administrator tD take any steps which the law does not sanction, and thereby make his securities responsible.
If any agreement were made between the administratoi" and the deviseesi that the real estate should be sold for the payment of the above debt, instead of,applying the legal assets, it is.insisted that such a proceeding would be governed by the contract; and, consequently, the sureties of the administrator could not be held responsible. That the fund would be considered as left in the hands of Patton, under the new agreement, as an individual, andnot as-administrator; and for which he could only be responsible in his private capacity. That for this sum, thus withdrawn from the administrator, the administration fund must be credited.
If such an arrangement had been made with the devisees, it might be difficult to come to 'this conclusion: How any

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Pago vs. Patton et al.J
agreement with them could affect the claims of creditors, on the legal assets, and the eventual responsibility of the sureties of the administrator for a failure in his duty, it is difficult to understand.
The facts of the case show that the sale of the- Mansfield estate was necessary. It was -sold under a decree of *acourt of chancery, obtained by-the creditors of the estate, and the application of the proceeds was made by the court. In that 'suit the proceedings'of the administrator were fully investigated. All the items of his account were- examined, by the court, or by a commissioner under its iuthority.
From this examination it appeared to the satisfaction of the court, hat to-satisfy specific liens on the estate, and other debts, its sale was indispensable; and it.was decreed to be sold.
The testator by his will not only subjected his real estate, without reservation to the payment of his debts;. but he placed it in the hands'of his executors to be sold at their discretion. Patton was administrator, with the will annexed, and could exercise all the powers of an executor.
That a sale by him-of the real estate would have been valid, even before the personal assets were exhausted, will not, perhaps, be deniied.
But it is insisted, that the doctrine of electioji does not apply to 'this case: that as administrator, Patton had a right to
retain the amount of his own debt, out.of the personal assets. and that it was extinguished so soon as personal assets to that amount came into his hands: that this effect is.produced by, operatiort of law, and requires no sanction or election by theadministrator. His right being thus fixed, it is contended that he cannot wave it to the injury of his securitie.
This point is urged with earnestness and ability .by the defendant's counsel, and a number of authorities are referred to. in support of it. Toller's Law of Executors, 295 ; 1 Com. Dig., 476 ; 3 Bac. 10 ; 3 BI. Com. 18 ; 1 Salk. 299, are cited. Blackstone lays down the doctrine of retainer; as "a remedy by mere operation of- law, and 'grounded up6n this. reason, that the executor cannot without an apparent absurdity commence a suit against himself; but having the Whole in his hands, so much as is sufficient to answer his demand is by operation of law applied to that particular purpose.

SUPREME COURT.
[Page vs. Patton et al.]
Thi's doctrine is sanctioned in all the cases referred to, and is believed to be no where controverted. But this right of retainer must be exercised under certain restrictions. The executor or administratdr cannot discharge .his own debt in preference to others of superior dignity; though he may.give the preference to his own over others of eqtlal degree. In some of the states, this rule would not apply, as there is no difference made in the payment of debts between a bond and simple contract.
In the case of Warkford vs. Warkford, cited from I Salk. Parnell, justice, said, "there would be a great diversity where the obligee makes the obligor executor, and where the obligor makes the obligee executor, for in this last case the debt is rot extinct, but only upon supposal, that the executor has assets; but in case of failure of assets, the executor may sue the heir. " Indeed where the executor has assets, the debt is gone, but that is because he may retain and pay himself. Not where a personal action was suspended, by the act of the party, it could neverbe revived."
Holt, chief justice, in the same case sdd, If the obligor make the obligee, or the executor of the obligee, his executor, this alone is no extinguishment, though there be the same hand to.receive and pay; but if the executor has assets of the obligor, it is an extinguishment, because then it is within the rule that the person who is to receive the money is the person who ought to pay it; but if he has no assets, then he is not the person that ought to pay, though he is the person that is to receive it; and to that purpose is the case of 11 Hen. IV, $3, and the case of Dorchester vs. Webb, 1 Cro. 372.
In the case reported in Hobart, page 10, the court say, when the obligor makes the executrix'of the obligee his executrix, the action is at least suspended and then the rule is, that a personal action once suspended is extinct; but the other reason is the surer, that when assets were left the debt was presently satisfied by way of retainer, and consequently no new action can be had for that debt.
The case of Woodward vs. Lord Darcy, reported in 1 Plowden's Rep. is cited. In that case the court say, that the reason why the action is lost for ever is, because in judgment of law he is satisfied before, for if the executor has as much goods in

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Page vs. Patton et al.] his hands ashis own debt amounts to, the property in these goods is altered and vested in himself; that is, he has them as his own proper goods, in satisfaction of the. debt, and not as executor; so that there is i transmutation of, property by the operation of law, without suit and execution; for inasmuch as Windham here could not have an action against himself as executor, the operation of law is equivalent to a recovery and execution for him; and the property is as strongly altered as it could be by recovery and execution.
If the creditor appoint the debtor his executot, in some cAses, it operates as a release of the debt. This,'however, is not the case as against creditors; though the release is good against devisees, where the debt due has notbeen specifically devised.
On these authorities it is contended, that the debt of Patton was extinguished as early as the year '1804,. he having received personal assets to the amount of it, at that. time; and that the payment of these assets, in discharge of other debts, does not prevent this legal consequence, If the debt be once extinguished, it is urged that no act of Patton could revive it. He could not make a contract with himself, nor could he, by any agreement with the devisees, renew the old obligation.
It will be observed, that all the decisions referred to were made in suits prosecuted by executors or their legal representatives, to recover debts which, as executors, they had aright to retain.
That in ,such .cases the right of action is gone, cannot be disputed. The executor cannot sue himself, and for this reason he is authorized to lotain the amount of his debt out of the assets in his hands. The right of action, being once exfinguished, cannot be revived either by the executor or his legal representatives. On.this point the authorities are decisive: and, although some difference of opinion seems to have f een entertained as to the extinguishment of the debt, yet it is in effect extinguished, as the legal right to enforce the payment of it is gone. On this priiciple were the adjudications made which have been cited. The question under cohsideration does not arise on a suit prosecuted by Patton for the recovery of his debt. If it did; the application and force of the
Vol. V.-2 P

SUPREME COURT.
[Page us.-Patton et al.]
-authorities would be conclusive. In such a case his debt 'would be considered as extinguished, by the extinguishment of
th right of action. Patton, as administrator, having received personal assets,
instead of paying his own debt pays others of equal or inferior dignity; and the question is presented, whether by doing so, he has forfeited his claim. It is not in proof thaf at any one time he had in his hands money enoughi from the personal estate to discharge his debt. As before remarked, he sdld the personal property, generauy, on a credit of twelve
months.
He seems to have preferred realizing the interest, annually,
upon his own demand; knowing that it was secured by a lien ... wthe real estate. He postponed the payment of the whole, or a part of this debt, until the realty was sold, and discharged it out of the proceeds-of such sale.
Is there-any principle of'law which will apply this payment, as a credit to the administration account; or that will consider the fund to have been withdrawn from the administrator?
The law presumes his own debt to be satisfied when assets come to his hands to the amount of it, there -bhieg, no other debts of higher degree. But may not this presumption be rebutted by an application of the money -in the payment of other debts, This seems to- have been done by Patton. In the maintenance and education of the children, and in payment-of othe" debts than his own, he applied the personal
assets. If the doctrine contended for be"correct, that it was not in
the power of Patton to wave the operation of -law, by which his own debt would be discharged so soon as assets-of sufficient amount came into hands; it would seem to follow, that having applied the.assets to other purposeg, his dwn debt becomes forfeited, and the right of retainer completely extinguished. The argument does not -stop short- of this copise-
quence.
Under this view of the case, to destroy the right of retainer in the administrator it is only necessary to show that he hid in hie possession legal -assets sufficient to pay his debt, and that'there were no Qther debts due by the estate of higher dignity. Th6se facts being estajlished, if the principle be cor-: rect, as effectually destroy the existence of the debt and the

JANUARY TERM 1831.
.[Page vs. Patton et at.]
right of retainer; as if the debt had been paid. It can be of no importance how the legal assets were applied. Being in the hands of the administrator, the'law applies therii in discharge of his debt, it is contended,-in defiance.of his own acts and intentions: if this be not the ,case, if the administrator may postpone the payment of his own debt, a day or a' month, and give a preference in payments to other demands, he may extend the time at his discretion: and if he may discharge his own debt, after paying other debts of equal -amount and of no higher degree, out of the legal assetsi he may continue to give the preference to other claims, and' eventually discharge hig debt out of any. moneys which may come into his hands as representaktive of the estate. * Is the debt paid so soon as the legal. assets shall come to the bands of the administrator?
That.the right of action is gonei is admitted; because a man cannot sue himself: and this right being once extinguished cannot be renewed.
This rule is-founded on reason and justice ,and is well establisbed by repeated adjudications. But, can the principle be extended so as to 'extinguish the right of retainer Where assets. equalto the debt. have been received anid applied in the payment 6f other demands? Such a rule would be contrary to reaon and justice, and is not believed to be law.
The lan'guage used in some of the decisions referred to would, seem to favour the construction contended fcr by the defendant's counsel; but the point presented in all the cases was, whether the action could be ustained. The right of the administrator to retain the money in his hands, for the discharge of his own debt, is as unquesti.onable as if it had been paid to him on executions. 'It is his own, and he may retain it as such. This is the 'case put by -some of the judges in illustration of the principle: but it isno where said that a waiver of this right is an abandonment of -it.
Lord- Hardwicke in 2 Atkyns, 411, says, "If the executor happen to be a bond creditor himself, the court never direst that if any sums come into his hands he should, from time to time, by piecemeal,, discharge the principal and interest of his own debt; for he inay first discharge all other demands before his own- and unless it appear that a considerable sum was

SUPREME COURT.
[Page vs.Patton et al.].
left in his hands sufficient to pay off" his bond entirely, over and above what was due upon other demands, there could bp no ground for the exception taken.' The principle is here stated correctly, and applies to the question under consideration.
That an administrator or executor may retain the amount of his debt out of the assets in his hands, is a principle which grew 6at of the necessity 9f the case. If such a right did nqt exist, the executor or administrator would be, in many cases, without remedy.. The principle was intended for his benefit, and not to mislead or entrap .him.
It is a right which he may postpone, if in doing so he does no injury to -the estate; and such a question can only be mAde by the devisees or their heirs. .If he shall pay debts, not on interest, and permit his own to run on interest, it may become a question-whether he be entitled to interest. But his right to pay himself, so Ion' as assets shall remaih in his hands, is clear,
The moneys arising from the sale of the Mansfield estate
were applied in payment of debts under the orders of the courtof chancery. The decree in 1811 directcd Robert Patton and others to be.paid "in the order of priorities of their liens." These, and other facts, connected with it show that the debt due on the deed of trust was referred to. which constituted a lien on the estate.
In the year 1812, Patton reported to the court that he- had retained out of the moneys in his hands as receiver, the balance due to him. This payment was sanctioned by the court.
It appears then that a court of chancery has sanctioned the payments which have given rise to this controversy. Ot a foll investigation of the administration account; they direct the payments to be made out of the equitable fund, Had 'that court considerbed the claim of Patton as satisfied, by failing to apply in its discharge the moneys arising from the sale of the personal property, the payments would not have been decreed.
Debts to a large amount were paid out of the proceeds of the-real estate, under the sanction of. the court. Must these, as well as PattQn's debt, be credited to the administration fund?. Was Patton obliged to Day, his own debt? Was he not at liberty to release it? And ii- he had done so, could there

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Page vs. Patton et al.]
have been any just ground of complaint by his sureties? Is not their complaint, as now made, eqnally groundless?
Patton has received payment of a part or the whole of his deed of trust, nut of the equitable assets, under the decree'of a court of chancery. This payment cannot be transferred to the-administration fund, and entered as a credit to the administrator; nor is the administrator, under the circumstances of the case, entitled to a credit on any other principle, for the amount. It should be credited to the fund out of which the payment
was made.
Mr JusticeJoHNsoN dissenting.-As Iunderstand the decision just delivered, it affirmp a principle to which I certainly cannot yield my assent.
As the will charges the real estate as well with the maintenance and edtmation of the children as the payment of debts, and there does not appear to have been at any time in the administrator's hands a sum suffitient to pay off his whole debt; I am satisfied that it is not a case of extinguishment: and that the payments made to the maintenance and education of the children, and the satisfaction of debts of an inferior order, are not to be imputed to the administrator as payments upon his own bond. They were voluntary payments,. it is true, but they were made in pursuance of the will. But asto all other sums arisipg out of the personalty, and which were not applied to either ofthose purposes, but in fact sunk and wasted in the adminisz trator's hands, I am clearly of the opinion that they are to be imputed to him as payments on his own bond; and that pro tant6, he could not be permitted to apply the proceeds of the real estate to the satisfaction of his debt; it -wias in fact a repayment on a debt which he knew to be satisfied.
And as to the amount paid, respectively, to the maintenance and education of. the children, having an interest in the proceeds of the realty; I have no idea that they can be permitted to come upon the sureties of the administrator, for the am6unt so paid on their account. Indeed, upon the whole, it appears to me to be one of those cases of common misfortune in which the court ought to leave the parties as it finds them. If'the personal assets were in fact in existence, it would be a difierent case; and there might be an equity.in the heirs now to

SUPREME COURT.
[Page vs. Patton et al;]
come upon the assets for iidemnity; supposing that-they might originally have-.compelled the administrator tW apply the per. sonalty in relief of the real estate. But when the assets are in fact wasted, I cannot conceive that a court of equity would ever compel the sureties to pay up.the administration bond for the relief of the heirs. Their liability is legally confined to the demands of creditors and distributees alone: and I can-see no equity in siubjecting . them directly or indirectly to, the general equity of the heirs, in stretching that liability beyond its strict legal limits.
Mr Justice BALDwn also dissented from the judgment and opinion of the court..
This cause came on to be heard on the, transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the eastern district of Virginia, and on the points and questions on which the judges of the said circuit court were opposed in opinioi, and which were certified to this court for its opinion in pursuance of the act of congress for*that purpose made and pro,,ided; and Was argued by counsel: ofi consideration-whereof, it is the opinion of this court that the debt of, Patton, or such portion of it as was paid out of the proceeds of the sale of the real estate, should be credited to that fund, and not to his account of the administration- fund., Whereupon it is ordered and adjudged by this court, that it be certified to the.judges of the said circuit court that the debt of Patton' or such portion of it as was paid out of the proceeds of the sale of the real estate, should be credited to that fund, and not to his account of the adrihinistration fund.

SUPREME COURT.
JOHN BACKHOUSE, SURVIVING ADMINISTRATOR DE BONIS NON Or JOHN BACKHOUSE DECEASED, JAMES HUNTER AND MARTHA HUNTER, AND JAMES HUNTER OF JOHN, M. GARNETTI EXECUTORS OF MUSCo G. HUNTER;A.CHIBALD'HUNTER, AND ADAM HUNTER, GEORGE W. SPOTSWOOD AND WILLIAM
-L..SPOTSWOOD, EXECUTORS OF ALEXANDER SPOTSWOOD, AND MARGARET JONES, EXECUTRIX OF GABRIEL JONES, WH7 WAS EXECUTOR Or THOMAS LORD FAIRFAX Vs. ROBERT PATTON, ADMINISTRATOR DR 30NIS NON CUM TESTAMENTO ANNEXO OF JAMES HUNTER, DECEASED, JOSEPH ENNEVER, ADMINISTRATOI OF ADAM HUNTER DECEASED, JAMES HUNTER, SON OF JOHN HUNTER, DECEASED, WHO WAS HEIR OF ADAM HUNTER, ROBERT DUNBAR, THE SAID ROBERT DUNBAR, ADMINISTRATOR OF ALEXANDER VASS, JOHN STRODE, ROBERT RANDOLPH, EXECUTOrn OF WILLIAM FITZHUGH, DECEASED, HUGH-MERCER AND ROBERT HENWG.
In Virginia the moneys arising from the sale of personal property are called legal ssets, in the hands of an executor or administrator; and those which arisd from the sale of real property are denominated equitable assets. By the law the executor or administrator is required, out of the legal assets, to pay the creditors of the estate, according to the dignity of their demands, but the equitable assets are applied equally to all the creditors in proportion to their claim.
Legal and equitable assets were in the hands of an administrator, he being also commissioner to sell the real estate of a deceased person; and by a decree of the court of chancery he was directed to make payment of debts due by the intestate out of the funds in his hands, without directing in what manner the two funds should be applied. Payments were mad6 under this decree to the creditors by the administrator and commissioner, without his stating, or in any way making known whether the same were made from the equitable or legal assets-a balance remaiqing in his hands, unpaid to those entitled to the same, the sureties of the administrator, after his decease, claimed to have the.whole of the payments made under the decree credited to the legal assets, in order to obtain a dFicharge from their liability for the.Oue administration of the legal assets. Held, that their principal having omitted to designate the fund out o which the payments were made, they could not do so.
Where debts of different dignities are due to a creditor of the estate of an intestate, and no specific application of the paymentmade by an administrator is directed by him, if the creditor applies the payment to either of his debts by some unequivocal act, his right to do so cannot be questioned. Query, Whether the application must be made by the creditor at the time, or within a reasonable time afterwards?

JANU.ARY TERM. 1831.
[Backhouse and others vs. Patton and others.]
There may be cases where no indication having been given as to the application of the payment by the debtor or creditor, the law will make it. But it cannot be admitted, that In such cases the payment will be uniformly applied to the extinguishment of a debt of the highest dignity. That there have been authorities which favour such an application, Is true; but they have been controverted by other adjudications. Where an administrator has had a reasonable time to make his election as to the appropriation of payments made by him, it is too late to do so after a controversy has arisen. And it is not competent for the sureties of the administrator to exonerate themselves from responsibility, by attempting ta give a construction to his acts which seems not to have been given by himself.
This cause came before the court on a certificate of a division of opinion in the circuit court of the United States, for the eastern district of Virginia. In that court a bill was filed on the equity side of the court for the recovery of debts, by John Backhouse's administrator, and others.
The facts of the case, as agreed on the argument, were: James Hunter died testate and insolvent, charging his estate, both real and personal, with'the payment of debts. This suit was originally brought by Rebecca Backhouse, administratrix of John Backhouse deceased, one of the creditors, in the circuit court of the United States for the middle circuit of Virginia, against said Hunter's executor; who dying during its pendency, Robert Patton, the defendant, was appointed administrator de bonis non, with the will annexed, and gave bond and security, accordingly. The suit having abated by the death of the executor, was revived against Patton. In 1803 it was decreed that the real estate should be sold for the pay. ment of debts, and Patton and others were appointed commissioners for that purpose, to hold the proceeds of such sale subject to the' order of court. In the management of the estate divers sums of money came into the hands of Patton, both as commissioner apid administrator. After various alterations of the parties by nteath and otherwise, and divers interlocutory decrees ordering payments to be made. rateably to creditors, as their claims were ascertained by the court, a decree Was made on the -12th of June 1820, against-Patton, as commissioner and.administrator; whereby it was ordered and adjudged, that he should pay a certain gum, to be rateably apportioned among certain creditors therein mentioned.
VoL. V.-V

SUPREME COURT.
[Backhouse and others us. Patton and others.]
It was also ordered by said decree, that a commissioner of court should examine and report upon the administration accounts of said defendant. This examination was had, and a report made, on the 24th of November 1-629. After the return of this report, to wit on the 15th of June 1821, it was decreed that the said defendant should pay a further sum, to be apportioned among the creditors as therein directed. Upon this decree executions were issued and returned "nulla bona." Whereupon a supplemental' bill was filed, seeking to make the sureties for the faithful administiation of Patton accountable for his waste.
One of his said sureties failed to appear and answer, and the bill, as to him,was taken pro confes8o: the other appreared and answered. When the cause came on for hearing against the sureties, the insolvency of Patton, and the, amount of assets which came to his 'hands to be administered on, were not controverted. Patton having made satisfactory arrangements to secure the payment of the sum adjudged against him by the decree of the 12th day of June 1820, as to the present question, it was considered as paid. It was bonttnded by the defendant, that the whole sunR adjudged to be pail by Patton, under the decree of the 12th of June 18,20, amounting to'twenty-three thousand three hundred and twenty-two dollars fifty-six cents, should go to his credit as
administrator. At the hearing in the circuit court, the questions presented
by the. counsel of the parties. and argued before the court, 'were the following, to wit;
1. "Whether the whole of the said payments-made by the said Robert Patton, under the said decree of the 121h of June 1820, was to be applied entirely to the debt due from him as commissioner of the court for the sale .of the real estate, so asto leave his sureties for due administration liable for the whole balance in his hands as administrator de b6ds&i non: or,
2. "Whether the payment ought to be applied to the debt due from R. Patton, as administrator, on his administration account: or)
S. "Whether the payment ought to be applied to the debts
due by him in both characters, as commissioner of the court, -and as administrator de bonis non, rateably, in proportion to the amounts of those responsibilities?"

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Backhouse and others vs. Patton and others.]
The court-holding the negative on the first question, and being divided on the second and third, they were adjourned to the supreme court.
The complainants by their counsel contended in the circuit court, that the whole sum of twenty-three. thousaad three hundred and twenty-two dollars fifty-six cents, adjudged against Patton by the decree of the 12th of June 1820, ought not to go to the credit of his responsibility as administrator; and that his sureties cannot claim more than its rateable apportionment, according to the amount of their respective responsibilities of commissioner and administrator.
Mr Haynes, for the complainants, argued: That the sureties of Patton as administrator could not avail themselves of any defence which could not avail their principal. 2. If the whole amount of the decree of 1820 should be placed to the credit of Patton's responsibility as administrator, it would give his sureties an illegal and inequitable priority over the other creditors 3. It would virtually repeal the law requiring bonds and security for administrators. 4. It would make the redlty a guarantee for the faithiul administration of the personalty, by releasing the sureties for such administrators.
Mr. Patton, on the part of the representatives and sureties, read the argument of Mr Chapman Johnson.
The argument urged, that the tre quetion before the court is whether the payment as made shall ,be applied first in satisfaction of the balance due from the administrator; and next, in satisfaction of that due from -the commissioner; or shall be applied rateably to the satisfaction of both. The rule for the decision of this question must be found either in the decrees of the circuit court; or in the general. principies of law governing the application of payments.
It was admitted that the court had the whole fund under its control, as well he legal assets, which under the law of Virginia are the personal estate of the intestate, as the equitable assets, the proceeds of the re l estate; and could have directed

SUPREME COURT.
[Backhouse and others vs, Patton and others.3
the payment out of either 1fund. But it was argued that no directions had been given by the court on this point; and therefore the inquiry was as to the manner the amount of the decree should be applied by the law.
The authorities from the common and civil law, and the general doctrine as to the appropriation of payments, established the following principles by an entire harmony between those codes.
1. The debtor making the payment has the primary right to direct its application.
2. If he does not exercise this right, it devolves on the creditor.
3. If neither exercises it, within the time allowed by law, the law itself makes the application. 1 Evans's Pothier on Obligations (London edition), part 3, art. 7, rules 1, 2, 3,4, 5, and notes, page 363 to 374. Comyn on Contracts, part 2,
ch. 2, § 8, page 216 to 228. 16 Vin. Ab. Payment, M, 277.
I Merivale's Rep. 585. 2 Strange, 1194. The debtor's right to make the application, however limited
in point of time, is not restrained as to the manner. It is not necessary that he should declare the application in express terms. It is sufficient, if from circumstances it may be fairly infern'ed that the payment was made in satisfaction of one of' the debts. Newmark vs. Clay, 14 East, 239. Tayloe vs. Sandiford, 7 Wheat. 14.
Although by the civil law, as stated by Pothier, the debtor is required to make the application at the time of the payment, this is not the doctrine and rule of the common law. This has been so decided by this.cqurt in the Mayor of Alexandria vs. IPatton, 4 Cranch, 317. Cited also, 1 Wash. 128. United States vs. Kirkpatrick, 9 Wheat. 72Q. 2 Barn and Cress. 65. 9 Com. Law Rep. 25.
It cannot be contended that Patton was indebted to the creditors of Hunter, as administrator, and as commissioner of the court.' The only debt doe by him, before the decree, was as administrator.- As commissioner of the court he owed them nothing, and was not authorised to pay them any thing, except as directed by the decree of the court.
When the decree of 1820 directed him, the administrator

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Backhouse and others vs. Patton and others.)
and commissioner, to 'pay specific sums, this was a personal decree, and he became indebted to them as an individual; his fiduciary character was merged in, the decree, and to each creditor he became indebted separately. When the debts so made due were paid, the creditor had no election to make, no application to declare. The right of the creditors to appropriate the payments had then nothing to do with the case; and the right of the debtor to appropriate continued, on the authorities referred to, up to the period of the decrees in the circuit court,
As to the rule "that if both the debtor and creditor omit to appropriate payments, the law will apply them according to its own notions ofjustice;" the following cases were' referred to. 1 Vern. 24. 2 Brownlow, 207. 12 Mod. 559. 1 LQrd Raymond, 287.
The application contended for is warranted by the situation in which the administrator was placed. He was bound to appropriate the fund to the discharge of his obligations as administrator, in preference to any claims on him as commissioner; and the law will look at these considerations, and make the same application. As administrator he had given bond,. which subjected him to many actions. Duties as idministrator exposed him to heavier responsibilities than as commissioner; his oath of office obliged him to pay the debts of the intestate out of the legal assets.
It was also conitended that the fifth rule in Pothier (374), which declares "6that if different debts are of the same date,, and in other respects equal, the application should be made proportionably to each," was applicable to this case. For this rule was also cited, 1 Vern. 34. 2 Chan. Cases, 83.
Mr Justice M'LEAN delivered the opinion of the Court. This cause is brought before the court on a certificate of a division of opinion, in the circuit court of the United States, for the eastern district of Virginia. The question presented for decision relates to the application of certain payments made by Patton, one of the defendants. The facts in the case are, substantially, as follows. James Hunter, by his last will, devisedhis estate real and

SUPREME COURT.
[Backhouse and others vs. Patton and others.]
personal to certain relatives, subject to the payment of his debts. Patrick Home, one of the devisees and executors, being the surviving executor named in the will, having taken upon himself the execution of it, sold a part of the real estate to one Dunbar.
The complainants, creditors of Hunter, brought their suit in the circuit court against Home as executor and,devisee, and against others, to set aside the-sale to Dunbar, and obtain satisfaction of their debts. After having answered, Honl- died in the spring of 1803; and administration de bonis non, on Hunter's estate, was granted to Patton. ·Being made defendant, he filed his answer in 1803, and a decree was made, appointing him, John Minor and another, cOmmissioners, to sell, on twelve months credit, the unsold lands of Hunter and to hold the proceeds subject to the order of the court. As administrator, Patton received personal property to a considerable amount; and in June 1803 sold such part of it as was saleable, on a credit of twelve months. The remaihin&glands of F unter's estate, he and Minor, acting as the commissioners of the court, sold on the same credit, in December 1803.
In the progress of the cause, an amended bill was filed by the complainants, waving all objections to Dunbar's purchase.
Patton, as commissioner, in 1813, reported a balance on the administration account of about three thousand three hundred and twelve pounds, including' interest.
On this report, in June 1815, the court directed payment by Patton and Minor as commissioners, of one dollar in the pound to the creditors named; and on the 3d of December following ordered a provisional payment to the complainants to be made out of the moneys in the hands of Patton, as administrator, if any he hath, and that he and Minor as commissioners do pay, &c. This decree seems not to have been acted on. On the 12th of June 1820, the claims of the complainanti having been established, the court, with a view, as expressed, to put thenm on an equality with the creditors named in the decree of 1815, ordered, "that out of the funds .of the estate of James Hunter, at the disposition.of the court,

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Backbouse and others vs. Patton and others.]
RobertPatton, one of the commissionerp and administrator de bonis non, do pay the sum of twenty three thousand three hundred and twenty two dollars and fifty-six cents." This sum was paid.
The decree of 1820 having directed a furthdr account, it was taken, and the sums in the hands of Patton, as commissioner and administrator, were stated. After the correction of various errors by the court, in the reports made, it .was ascertained in 1821 that after paying the sum of twenty-three thousand three hundred and twenty-two dollars and -fifty-six cents, there was still a balance in the hands of Patton of six thousand and forty pounds-four shillings and four pence; and the court decreed, that he should pay that sum to the creditors of the estate, as administrator and as one of the commissioners of the court.
Patton had given security as administrator, but none as commissioner. To make the securities liable, he being insolvent, a supplemental bill was filed against them, and by the answer of one of them the question of liability is raised.
The point presented for con'siaeration is, whether the payment shall first be applied to the credit of the administration fund, or rateably to both funds?
If the payment shall be decided to have been made out of the administration fund, the sureties are discharged; as the sum paid was greater'than the amount Patton held in his hand as administrator. The payment.also exceeded the sum he held as commissioner, though this, fund was larger than the other.
It is earnestly contended, in the learned and able argument in writing submitted to the court by the defendants' counsel, that the administration fund must first be exhausted. To de-termine the question raised it is not important to ascertain the precise sum which Patton held in his hands in each capacity; as the amount paid exceeded his liability in either.
In Virginia, the moneys arising from the sale of personal property are called legal assets, in the hands of an executor or administrator; and those which arise from 'the sale of realproperty are denominated equifable assets. By the law, the executor or administrator is reqgired out of the legal assets,

SUPREME COTURT.
[Baekhouse and others vs. Patton and others.]
to pay the creditors of the estate, according to the dignity of their demands; but the equitable assets are applied equally to all the creditors, in proportion to their claims.
The payment was made under thle decree of 1820; And if the court did not direct specifically- in what manner the -two funds should be applied,'it is contended that Patton had a riglt .himself to determine; and consequently, by applying first the legal assets, to discharge his sureties.
If the correctness of this argument were admitted, it would still be important to show that the payment was made by Patton, as administrator. This fact might be established by an unequivocal act, or by circumstances.
This is clearly not a case. in 'which the creditor may apply the payment, no specific directions having been given by the debtor.
To each of the creditors there was but one debt due, on which the payment was made; it could therefore be applied only to the payment of such debt
Had debts of different dignities been due to each creditor, and no specific application of the payment had been directed by Patton, and the creditor had 'applied it by some unequivocal act, his right to do so would not, perhaps, be questioned.
Whether the application must be made by the credit6r at the time the money is received, or withina reasonable time afterwards, it can be of no importance in this case to inquire.
There may be cases, -where no indication having been given, as to the application of the- payment by the debtor or creditor, the law will make it. But it' cannot be admitted, that in such cases, the payment will be uniformly applied to the extinguishment of a debt of the highest dignity. That there are authorities which favour such an application is true; but they have been controverted by other adjudications.
From the terms of the decree of- December 1815, the court undoubtedly intended that the legal assets should first be applied in making the payments directed; and then the equitable assets. But no such direction is given in' the decree of 1820. The payment is directed to be made out of both funds in the hands of Patton ,without any indication that either should be first applied in preference to the other.

JANUARY TERM 183L
[Backlhouse and others vs. Patton and others.]
-If,,in making the payment, Patton could exercise his discretion, in firSt'applying the legal assets, has "henfforded any evidence of having done so? Has he by.any entry in his accountsi or by a return to the court, or in any other manner, shown u.special, application of the money. Within what time was it necessary for him .to make his election. His intention i& attempted to. be adduced from his interest, aided by the principles of law referred to.
A's administrator, it is said, he was, responsible for the funds in his hands, by various modes of proceedings, summary' in their character; and from this, it is inferred, that he intended to relieve himself from such a responsibility. To relieve his securities, it is urged, must have formed an additional motive, tad which might be superadded, the oath he had taken gs administrator. But, on the oth'er hand; it may be urged, that the motives were not less strong, As comnissioner, if unfaithful to his trust, he was subject to the penalties 'whieh a court 'of chancery 'might impose. It would seem, therefore that'the circumstances of the case do not authorize an.inference that any determination was made by Patton on the subject.
Whents,.j 1821, the decree was rendered against him, as admihistrator and. as commissioner, for the payment of the balance which appeared to, be in'his hands, no objection seems to have been made to the decree. It could nothave been entered without'giving a-construction to the'decre of 1820; for if.the twenty-three thousand threebundred and"twenty-two dollars and fifty-six~cents, had been- paid by-first applying the legal assets, the decree of 1821, must, have directed the balance. to be paid as commissioner. This decree, theiefore,. goes very strongly to sho'win whatlight the above payment was considered by the court and the administrator.'
Can it be suppooed,.that when the decree of 1821 Was about being entered against Patton, holding him responsible in both capacities, that he would bave remained silent if his liability as Adininistrator had ceased. The rendition of this decree must clearly refute 'any presumption, attempted to be raised either from the facts or circumstances .of the case,. that the legal assets.were'considered as 'having been -first applied by the administrator in making the payment.
VOL. V.--:W

SUPREME COURIT.
[Backhouse and others vs. Patton and others.]
Having had a reasonable time to make his election, is it not too late to do so, after the controversy has arisen? And is it competetit for the sureties of the administrator to exonerate themselves from responsibility by attempting to give a con-
struction to his acts, which seems not to have been given by himself.
They first raise the question as to the fund out of which the payment was made. If then Patton did no act which showed an intention to apply first the legal assets, in making the payment; and if it was not the right of the creditor to make the application; does the law make it, as contended for, under all the circumstances of the case? Had Patton made the applicatio'n, a question might have been raised, whether it was competent for him to do so.
"Jurisdiction over the legal fund was assumed by a court of chancery. It was for that court, by its decree, to make the application of the fund as the law required; and having done so, the" administrator could exercise no diseretion over it. The same may be said as to the priorities of the claims set up by the complainants, and established by a decree of the court.
That the administrator was limi ted in making payment, by the terms of the decree, will not be desired. 'It was not for him to pay more in the pound than was directed, nor to give a preference to one of the claims over another, on account of its higher dignity. The decree placed them on an equality, as to the payment; and this was clearly within.the province of the court, the estate of Hunter being insolvent;
The entire fund, in the hands of Patton, was subject to the distribution of the court. That part of the fund, which, in the hands of the administrator constituted legal assets, -and under the law was directed to e applied in a special manner to the extinguishment of debts, was taken from his control by the court of chancery. The fund was applied by the court, and not by the administrator. His official capacity was only noticed to ascertain the extent of his responsibility, and the payment was .directed accordingly. He had no discretion to exercise, no rule to observe., but that which' the decree laid down. " As administrator and commissioner he was directed to make the payment, because in these capacities he had received an amount greater than the sum directed to be paid. The payment was made in pursuance of the decree.

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Backhouse and others vs. Patton and others.]
Suppose Patton, as commissioner, had given sureties who were now before the court, and objecting to the application of money as contended for. This would present a question between sureties.. The insolvency, of their principal renders a loss inevitable, and the inquiry would be how shall this loss be sustained.
Under such circumstances, could any substantial reason be given why the sureties to the administration bond should be exonerated in preference to the others. No distinguishing quality exists, either in the fund as it now stands, or the debti to be paid, to determihe this preference. It is not found in the act of Patton, if his discretion might have been exercised on the subject. The law has fiked no rule applicable to the case. By the decree both funds are placed on an equality. Payment is directed to be made from both.
Although Patton gave no security as commissioner, yet the question, in principle,is the same. A loss must be sustained and by whom shall it be borne?
The sureties on the administration bond, as has been shown, cannot claim an exemption from responsibility under the pay-ment made in pursuance of the decree; nor can the creditors escape a portion of the loss.
If this were a question of responsibility, between sureties, under the decree of the court, the payment' would be considered as having been made from each fund in the hands of Patton, in proportion to its amount.
This rule will apply with'the same justice to the parties interested, under the circumstances of this case. Indeed, it would seem that no other construction could be given, with equal propriety, to the decree of the court. It is consonant to the principles of justice, and within the equitable powers of the court.
On a view of the facts and circumstances of this case, the court think that the payment of twenty-three thousand three hundred and twenty-two dollars fifty-six cents should be deducted rat;ably from each of the funds in the hands of Patton, at the time it was made.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the re-

SUPREME COURT.
[Backhouse and others vs Patton and others.]
cord from the circuit court of the Uaited States for the eastern district of Virginia; and on the-questions and points on which thejudgesof the said circuit court were opposed in opinion, and which were certified to. this court for'its.opinion, in pursuance of the act of congress for that purpose made and provided; and was argued by counsel: on consideration whereof, it is the opinion of this court, that the payment of twentythree thousand three hundred and twenty-two dollars and fifty-six cents should be -deducted rateably from each of the funds in the hands of Patton, at the time the decree of- the twelfth day.of June in the year 3f our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty was made.
Whereupon it is ordered and decreed by this court to be certified-.to the judges of the said circuit court for the eastern district of Virginia, that the payment of twenty-three thousand three hundred and twenty-two dollars fifty-six cents should be deducted rateably from each of the funds in the hands of Patton at the time the decree of the twelfth day of June in the year of our Lord one thousandeight hundred and twenty was made.

224

SUPREME COURT.

WILLIAM YEA'I'oN v',. ADmIaI LYNN, EXECUTOR OF JOHN
WISE, USE OF -TuoMAS C. LYLES AND REBECCA HIS WIFE,
DENNIS M. LYLES, HENRY S. COOMBS AND LOUISA HIS
L. as executor to W. instituted an action of assumpsit on the 8th of April 1826. The declaration stated L. to be executor of W. and claiming as executor for money paid by him as such. The defendant pleaded *non assumpsit, and a verdict and judgment were given for the plaintiff. After the ihstitution of the suit and before the trial, the letters testamentary of L. were revoked by the orphan's court of the county of Alexandria, he having, after being required, failed to give bond with counter security as directed by the court.
The powers of the orphan's court ot Alexandria are made by act of congress identical with the powers of an orphan's court under the laws of Maryland. It is a court of limited jurisdiction, and is authorised to revoke letters testamentary in two cases: a failure to return an inventory; or to account. The proceedings against L. were not founded upon either of these omissions. The appropriate remedy, on the failure of the executor to give counter security, is to take the estate out of his hands, and to place it in the hands of his securities.
The issue tried by the jury was on the plea of non assumpsit. As the plaintiff was incontestably executor when the suit was brought and when issue was joined, and could then rightfully maintain the action, and the revocation of the letters testamentary was not brought before the court by a plea since the last, continuance, as it might have been; the defendant must be considered as waving thiq defence, and resting his cause on the several issue.
A plea since the last continuance waves the issue previously joined, and puts the case on that plea.
It is not doubted that the revocation might have been pleaded; and it ought to have been pleaded, in order to bring the fact judicially to the view of the circuit court. It ought to appear upon the record that judgment was given against the plaintiff in the circuit court, because he was no long r executor of W. not because the defendant was not indebted to the estate of W. and had not made the a.sumpsit mentioned in the declaration.
The rule is general that a plea in bar admits the ability of the plaintiff to sue; and if the patties go to trial on that issue, the presumption is reasonable, that this admission continues.
When a suit is brought by an administrator; during the minority of the executor, his powers as administrator are determined when the executor has attained his full age, and the fact that he has not attaioitd his full age must be averred in the declaration. l3ut if this averment be omitted, and the defqndant pleads in the bar, he admits the ability of the plaintiff to sue, and the judgment is not void.
A distinction seems to be taken between an action brought by a person who has no right to sue, and an action brought by a person capable of suing at the time, but who becomes incapable while it is depending.' In the first case the plaintiff may be non suited at the trial" in the lst the disability must be pleaded.

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Yeaton vs. Lynn.]
The rule is, that when matter of defence has arisemafter the commencement of a suit, it cannot be pleaded in bar of the action generally; but must, when it has arisen b~fore plea or continuance be pleaded as to the further maintenance of the suit, and when it has arisen after issue joined, puis darreirn con. tinuance.
It may safely be affirmed that a fact which diestroys the action, if it cannot be pleaded in bar, cannot begiven in evidence on a plea in barto which it has no relation. If any matter of defence hs arisen after an issue in fact, it may be pleaded by thedefendant; as that the plaintiff has given him a release; or in an action by an administrator that the plaintiff's letters of administration have been revoked.
ERROR to the circuit court of the United Siates for the county of Washington in the district of Columbia.
The defendant in error, as executor of John Wise, on the 8th of April 1826, instituted an action of assumpsit in the circuit Court. The declaration contained two counts; the first for money paid, laid out and expended; the second on account for money paid, &c., in which the defendant is alleged to have been found in arrears to the plaintiff, as executor. The letters testamentary of the plaintiff, as executor of John Wise, were recorded by the orphan's court on the 9th of November 1826.
The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff, and assessed the damages at two thousand four hundred and'thirty-one dollars fifty-nine cents, with interest from the 1st of January 1820; subject to the opinion of the court on a case agreed. The circuit court gave judgment for the plaintiff, and the defendant prosecuted this writ of error.
The case is stated in the opinion of the court.
Mr E. J. Lee, for the plaintiff in error, contended that there was error in the judgment of the circuit court,
1. Because Adam Lynn, as executor of John Wise, could -not maintain an action against Yeaton for money which he had been decreed to pay as trustee under a deed of trust out of the trust fund, which forms no part of the assets of his testator.
2. Because the case agreed does not sustain the allegation of the first count of the declaration that he as executor of John Wise paid money for William Yeaton. But it shows he never as executor had the means of paying money to any one.
VoL, V. -2 D

SUPREME COURT.
[Yeaton vs. Lynn.]
3. There is no evidence in the record to sustain the second count in the declaration.
4. Because by the' case agreed, and the proceedings referred to by it, it appears that at the time the verdict and judgment were rendered, Adam Lynn bad ceased to be executor. This fact having been given in' evidence on the general issue, it is as competent for the plaintiff in, error to avail himself of it now, as if it had been at the proper time specially plehded.
Mr Lee said it would not'be denied that the orphan's court had authority to revoke the letters testamentary. This was fully warranted by the law of Maryland. The letters testamentary having been revoked, Mr Lynn was put out of court as executor, and was no longer competent to prosecute the suit.
In the case of a revocation of letters testamentary, all the intermediate acts of the executor are void. 11 Viner's Abridg. 114,117. Bornhurst vs. Yelverton, Yelv. Rep. 83. Klett's case, Yelv. 125. Turner vs. Davis, 2 Saund. 148. Mod. Rep. 63.
He also contended that no money had been paid by Adam Lynn as executor, but only as trustee: the evidence authorized this position.
Mr Jones, for defendant, argued that the liability or capacity of.the executor, Mr Lynn, to sue was not affected by the proceedings of the orphan's court. That court was one of limited jurisdiction, with powers specially designated; and among them was not that of removing an executor under the circumstances of this case. The court could have called on the executor to give security, but could not proceed under the law as it had done. The court could take away the assets from the executor, but not displace him.
The case stated shows that the trust fund was by the decree in the chancery proceedings made assets in the hands of the executor.
Mr Chief Justice MRSIIALL delivered the opinion of the Court
This is an action on the case brought by Adam Lynn as executor of John Wise, for the use of Thomas C. Lyles and others, against William Yeaton, in the circuit court of the

JANUARY TERM 1831.

[Yeaton vs. Lynn.]

United States, sitting in the county of Alexandria. The declaration contains two counts; one for money paid by the plaintiff Lynn, as executor for the use of 'the defendant, and the other on an account settled by the sal -plaintiff, as executor, with the defendant for money due by the defendant to

the plaintiff as executor, as aforesaid.

The course was tried on the issue of non assumpsit, and the

jury found a verdict for the plaintiff below, subject to the

opinion of the court on a case agreed. Judgment was given

for the plaintiff,and the then defendant has brought that judg-

ment before this court by a writ of error.

The case agreed is in the words following.

The plaintiff to support the issue on his part gave -evidence

to prove that John Wise the testator, in his life time, had in-

dorsed a note as security for the defendant to one Robert

Young, for the sum of -,

upon which vote judgment was

obtained by said Young against such drawer and indorser, and

execution of one of the said judgments being levied upon the

goods, &c. of the defendant, he gave a forthcoming bond with

the said testator as his security in such bond, upon which bond

judgment was regularly entered against principal and security

in the life time of testator. The plaintiff then produced and

read in evidence to the'jury, the proceedings in two chancery

causes, the one by the said Robert Young against the said Adam

Lynn et al; the other by the bank of Alexandria, against the

same defendants, thereto annexed. And the plaintiff in.order

to show that the decree in the first of the said chancery cases

had been paid and satisfied by the plaintiff, by way of a dis-

count between him and the said Young, gave evidence to prove

that the plaintiff had indorsed a note as security for said Young,

discounted for his said Youn,'s use in the branch bank of

the United States, upon which note the said bank had recov-

ered judgment against the said Young for three hundred dol-

lars with interest, from the 4th of March 1817, till paid,

and costs. The said note and judgment had been taken up by

plaintiff, as security for said Young, on the 24th of March

1820, and thereupon assigned over to the plaintiff; and that

the said Robert Young, by way of indemnity and payment to

the plaintiff, assigned over to him the said judgment obtained

by Young against the defendant ard all his claims and reme-

SUPREME COURT.
[Yeaton vs. Lynn.]
dies, &c. upon the estate of the testator, as by a short copy of the said judgment and assignment indorsed thereon therevnto annexed. That the plaintiff before the institution of the said suits in chancery, and after the death of the testator, had sold out sufficient of the stocks mentioned in the said deed, to pay the said debt due the said Young; but without any reference to the said suitsi or to the said Young's claim, nor for the purpose of satisfying any creditor of the testator; and, at the time of the institutk.n of said suits, had the money in his hands proceeding from such sales, which money he has retained as agai nst such of the cestuis que trust named in the said deed as are named as equitable plaintiffs in this case; that the will of the said John Wise was duly proved and recorded in the orphans' court, and letters testamentary thereon duly granted to the plaintiff, and other proceedings relative there to therein had, as appeared by the annexed transcript of proceedings in the orphan's court, and that the said bank of Alexandria recovered judgment of the plaintiff, as appeared by the annexed record of the said judgment to bind assets.
And it is agreed that the verdict to be rendered in this cause shall be subject to the opinion of the court, whether the plaintiff is entitled to recover in this action for so much of the assets which the said deed purports to convey in trust, as has been appropriated under the said decree in manner aforesaid, to satisfy .the said debt due to the said Robert Young, and discounted with the plaintiff as aforesaid.
The judgment which was obtained by Robert Young, against John Wise, in his life time and William Yeaton, the defendanlt, is stated in the case agreed to have been for the proper debt of the defendant,-for which Johp Wise was surety. This debt hasneverleen paid by the aefendant, and was not paid by John Wise in his life time.
After this judgment William Yeaton became insolvent; and John Wise sold his real estate in Alexandria, and invested the proceeds'in bank stock, in the name of Adam Lynn, the .plaintiff; after Which he executed a declaration of trust infavour of his children and grandchildren, and departed this life, having first made his last will and testament of which he appointed the plaintiff executor, who took upon himself the ,execution thereof.

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Yeaton vs. Lynn.]
The chancery causes mentioned in the case agreed were inztituted in July 1818, for the purpose of setting aside as fraudulent with respect to creditors, this deed to Adam Lynn the plaintiff, and for obtaining payment of the debt due to the plaintiffs respectively, out of that fund. The court, in July 1824, decreed that the deed of trust be annulled and vacated, so far as respects the complainants, and that the said Adam Lynn do sell and dispose of so much of the !rust fund as will satisfy and pay.to the complainants their debt aforesaid with interest and costs. The case shows that previous to this decree, on the 24th of March 1820, the plaintiff had paid this judgment obtained by Young against Yeaton, with Wise as his surety; and -that he had sold a iufficient quantity of the' stock standing in his name to meet the claim, the proceeds of which sale he held in his hands at the time the debt was paid to Young.
It is obvious that the debt due from Yeaton, the*defendant, to Young, for which Wise was surety, has been paid out of the estate of Wise. Consequently,"that-estate has an unquestionable claim on Yeaton for the amount paid. The judgment rendered by the circuit court in favour of Adam Lynn, who was both executor and trustee of John Wise,. is resisted on the ground that he has sued as executor,, though he paid the money either on his private account or as trustee.
The bill in chancery on which all the proceedings between Wise. and Lynn were annulled, so far as respected this debt, and by the decree on which Adam Lynn was directed to pay the sum due to Robert Young, states that Lynn was both executor and trustee. The executor and trustee were both necessary parties to the suit, and had they been distinct persons must both have been brought before the court. The two characters being united in the same person and that person being directed to execute the decree, it would seem reasonable to presume that he acted in the character in which he ought to perform the partikular act, especially if it be necessary to give the act its full effect, and to make it rightful-
The trust property bad been sold in anticipation of the decree, and the money retained by the trustee and executor. When the investment in the name of Lynn, and the declaration of trust, were vacated and declared void, so far as re-

SUPREME COURT.
tYeaton vs. Lynn.]
speefed this debt, the money into which the trust property had beeii converted, and which remained in the hands of Wise's executor, became a part of Wise's estate, and consequently were assets subject to this debt. The payment of this money to Robert Young was rightful if ffiade by the executor; and being part of the funds of -the estate ought to enure to the benefit of the estate.. We think, therefore, that the action is sustainable in the name of the executor.
The fotm in.which the question on the case is submitted to the court, strengthens this opinion. It assumes that the money for which the suit was brought omposed a part of the assets, and had been appropriated under the decree of the court to satisfy the debt due to Robert Young.
The plaintiff in errgr further contends, that this judgment ought to be reversed, because the letters testamentary granted to Adam Lynn were revoked by the orphan's court of Alexandria before it was rendered.
The powers of -he orphan's court of Alexandria are made by act of congress identical with the powers of an orphan's court under the laws of Maryland. It is a court of limited jurisdiction, and is authorized to revoke letters testamentary in two cases; a failure to return an inventory; gr to account. The proceedings against Adam Lynn' were not founded on either of these omissions. A petition was filed by his sureties, stating their apprehension of loss from their suretyship, :and praying that the proper measures might be taken for their 'ielief. 'The appropriate remedy given by the law in such case, is to require counter security, and, on the failure of the --executor to give it, to take the estate out of his hands and place it in the hands of his sureties. The statute forbids the judge to ,exercise any implied power. On the failure of the executor in this case to give counter security, the judge, instead of making the order prescribed by the act, revoked the letters -testamentary. Some of the judges are of opinion that the orphan's court transcended its powers, and. that the judgment -of revocation is void. It is unnecessary to decide this point, because we are all of opinion that, as the issue tried by the jury was on the plea of non assumpsit; as the plaintiff was incontestably -exegutor when this "suit was brought and when that issue was joined, and *could rightfully maintain this ac-'

JANUARY TERM 1831.
[Yeaton vs. Lynn.]
tion; as the revocation of the executorship was not brought before the court by a plea since the last continuance, as it might have been; the defendant is to be considered as waving the defence, and resting his cause on the general issue. There is the more reacon for supposing that the defendant Yeaton made this election, because a plea since the last continuance' waves the issue previously joined, and puts the cause on that plea. It is alsb remarkable that the case qgreed states expressly that letters testamentary were granted to Adam Lynn, but does not state the revocation of those letters. The proceedings of the orphan's court are referred to generally.
It is not doubted that this revocation might have been pleaded, and we think it ought to have been pleaded, in order to bring the fact judicially to the view of the circuit cQurt. It ought to appear upon the record that judgment was given against the plaintiff in that court, because he was no longer executor of John Wise; and not because the defendant was not indebted to the estate of Wise, and had not made the assumpsit mentioned in the declaration.
The rule is general, that a plea in bar admits the ability of the plaintiff to sue; and, if the parties go to trial'on that issue, the presumption is reasonable tbatthis admission continues..
In principle this case is.not unlike a, suit -brought by, an administrator, during the minority of the executor. His power as administrator is determined when the executor has attained his full age; and the fact that he has iiot attained his full age must be averred in the declaration. But if this averment be omitted, and the defendant pleads in bar, he admits the ability of the plaintiff to sue, and thejudgment is not void. 5 Cow. Dig. title Plead. 2 D. 10, 267. The inference that he could not be permitted to give this fact in evidence is very strong.
A distinction seems to be taken between an action brought by a person who has no right to sue, and an action brought by a person capable of suing at the time, but who becomes incapable while it is depending. In the first case the plaintiff may be non suited at the trial; in the last the disability must be pleaded. I Chitty ori Pleading, 437, Am. Ed. 319. 4 T. R. 361. 3 T. R. 631.
The rule is, that "when matter of defence has arisen after the commencement of a suit, it cannot be pleaded in bar.of the

SUPREME COURT.
[Yeaton vs. Lynn.]
action generally, but must, when it has arisen before plea or continuance, be pleaded as to the further maintenance .of the suit; and when 'it has arisen after issue joined, .puis darreir continuance." 1 Chitty, 635, Am. Ed. 456.
it may safely, be affirmed, that a fact which destroys the action, if it cannol be pleaded in bar, cannot be given ih evidence on a plea in bar to which it has no relation. This is decided in 7 Johnson, 194.
"If any matter of defence has arisen after an issue in fact, it may be pleaded by thd defendant; as that the plaintiff has given him a telease;" "or in an action by an administrator, that the plaintiff's letters of administration have been revoked."
In Stonnei vs. Gibbons, Moore, 871, an action of debt was brought against an administrator, and pending the action, after demurrer joined, the letters of administration were repealed. The court refused to allow this matter to be pleaded after demurrer, though it might after issue joined. The distinction between allowing the plea after demurrer and after issue, is not now sustained; but certainly the defence could n6t have been received, as the plea was disalloved.
Upon this point the court is unanimous. We are all of opinion that the revocation of the letters testamentary not hdving been pleaded; could not be given in evidence. The judgment is affirmed with costs, and damages at the rate of six per cent per annum.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Alexandria, and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, it is considered, ordered and adjudged, by this court, that the judgment of the said circuit court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs and damages at the rate of six per centum per annum.

