JANUARY TERM 1832.
DUNCAN M'ARTHUR, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR V. WESLEY S. PORTEIR, DEFENDANT IN ERROR.
In an ejectment for a tract of land, the declaration described the same by specific metes and bounds. The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff, stating the defendant to be guilty of the trespass in the declaration mentioned,rand "that the plaintiff do recover of the defendant the land described as follows;" describing the same, and referring to a diagram and report of a survey of the land in controversy, which was in evidence. This verdict was for but a part of the land claimed in the plaintiff's declaration. The Eircuit court, on motion of,the plaintiff's counsel, instructed the jury to find a general verdict, saying that the plaintiff could take possession at his peril; and the jury found according to the instructions of the court. Held, that the jury were right in their original verdict; and the instruction of the court, that they should find a general verdict, the plaintiff having established a title only to part of the land,'was erroneous.
The real question before the court is, whether the defendant, upon proof of a title to part of the premises described in the declaration of ejectment, is bylaw pntitled to a general verdict for the whole of the premises sued for. That the action of ejectment is a fictitious action, and is moulded by courts to subserve the purposes of justice in a manner peculiar to itself, is admitted; but the professed object is to try the titles of the parties, and the jury are bound to pass upon those titles, as they are established by the evidence before them. They therefore do no more than their duty when they find a verdict for the plaintiff according to the extent and limits of his title as it is proved by the evidence. It is equally their right so to do, since it is comprehended in the issue submitted to their decision. If, therefore, they find by the verdict according to the truth of the case that the plaintiff has title to part only of the premises in the declaration, and describe it by metes and bounds, and that so far the defendant is guilty; and as to the residue, find the issue for the defendants; such a verdict, in point of law, seems to be unexceptionable; and if so, the judgment following the verdict ought to conform to it: and if it should be a general judgment for the whole premises demanded in the declaration, it would be erroneous. Such,upon principle, and the analogies of the common law, would be the result, and the authorities clearly establish the doctrine; and it is confirmed as a matter of practice by the best text writers on the subject.
ERROR to the circuit court of the United States for the district of Ohio.
The case agreed by the counsel for the plaintifs in error and for the defendants in this court, was as follows:
" This was an action of ejectment which came up on a writ of error to the circuit court of the United States for the district of Ohio'. One of the questions in dispute on the trial of the cause below, was the boundary line between the lands of the plaintiff and defendant. Surveys had been made of the pre-

SUPREME COURT.
[M'Arthur v. Pbrter.]
mises in dispute according to the pretensions of each party. These surveys, with the explanatory depositions taken on the ground, were placed on file and used in evidence on the trial. The jury, instead of a verdict according to the claim of either party, found an intermediate line. Their verdict was in these words, viz.
We the jury, do find the defendant guilty of the trespass in the plaintiff's declaration mentioned, and do assess the plaintiff's damages to one cent; and that the plaintiff do reaover of the.defendant the land described as follows, viz. Beginning at tfie stone planted in Spencer's orchard, designated on Looker's Map (referring to the survey given in evidence), by the letter B., thence running in a north-westerly direction to a point in Dock's line, onehundred and twenty-four poles eastwardly on Dock's line, from the point marked D. on Looker's Map, a hickory and dog wood; thence westwardly with Dock's line one hundred and twenty-four poles, to the hickory and dog wood aforesaid; thence running in a south-westwardly direction with Taliaferro's iine to the place of beginning."
"By reference to Looker's map or survey on file, the boundary here marked out by the jury was capable of being reduced to certainty. The counsel for the plaintiff below objected against the verdict being recorded, and moved the court to instruct the jury to find a general verlict of guilty for the plaintiff. The court so instructed the jury, saying "the plaintiff would take possession at his peril." The jury accordingly found a general verdict for plaintiff. To this instruction and opinion of the court the defendant excepted, and brought this writ of error to reverse the judgment."
The case was argued by Mr Vinton and Mr Doddridge, for the plaintiff in error; and by Mr Ewing, for the defendant.
Mr Vinton, for the plaintiff. The plaintiff below having title, in the opinion of the jury, to a part of the land claimed by him, it is admitted they had a right, if they chose , to find in his favour a general verdict of guilty. And in that case he would have taken possession at his peril of more than he was actually entitled to possess. But the jury, instead of a general verdict, thought proper to find a verdictfor so much oniy as the plaintiff had title to.

JANUARY TERM 1S32.
[M'Arthurv. Porter.]
Had they a right so to find? and if they had, is it noLplain the court had no power to deny its exercise?
Where a verdict is rendered 'for part only of the premises demanded, the part found must be described with certainty: but numerous authorities show that the jury may find a part. Gilbert's Law of Ejectment, 200; Pemble v. Stearne, Raymond's Rep. 165; 1 Institute, 227; Cro. Jac. 113; Siderfin, 232; Cro. Jac. 631; 6 Munford, 25; 1 Mun. 162; 17 Serg. and Rawle, 431; 16 Serg. and Rawle, 245; 17 Serg. and Rawle, 393.
Gilbert, in his Law of, Ejectment (pig. 61), says, "if an ejectment is brought for an acre of land, by metes and bounds, and the jury find half an acre, without sjgecifying.metes and bounds, tle verdict is bad; because the sheriff cannot deliver possession." The authorities cited above clearly establish the right of the jury to find apartof the premises claimed. Itis, emphatically, the duty of the jury t-find facts: but by the in-
terposition of the court, in this case, they were restrained, and that office was virtually taken out of their hands.
A leading object of judicial investigation is to reduce disputed and uncertain facts to certainty. But in a question of disputed boundary, it is obvious that a general verdict, without describing the dividing line, or other specification, leaves the parties precisely where they began, and establishes nothing. And if in such a case the plaintiff has a right to demand at the. hands of the jury a general verdict, it is clearly not practica-" ble to try a question of boundary by the action of ejectment. A position which, it is presumed, no one will attempt to maintain.
The court, in their instruction to the jury, appear to have fallen into an error in the application of the rule of law to be met with in the books, "that the plaintiff will take possession at his peril." On examination it will be found it is-usdd for a different purpose than that to which it is to be applied in this case. It had its origin in this way.
Anciently, in the action of ejectment, great particularity of description in the declarationwas required. See Cottingham v. King, 1 Burr. 629. Many judgments were reversed for want of a specific description in the declaration of the premises demanded. But when the action underwent the modifications.

SUPREME COURT.
tM'Arthurv. Porter.1
that placed it on its present footing, it was held that a generat description of the premises was sufficient. But to prevent thc plaintiff from taking advantage of the uncertainty of his declaration, by going into possession of more land than he was entitled to; the doctrine was established, "that he took possession at his peril of more than he had actually recovered."
In all the cases where the courts have holden this language, it will be found that exception had been taken to the sufficioncy of the description of the premises in the declaration, after a general verdict. The above cited case of Cottingham v. King is a leading case in point. This principle, therefore, is resorted to, to heal or cure Uie.uncertainty of the declaration, and is not applicable to the verdict. If a verdict is uncertain, the judgment is not rendered upon it and the rule applied to help out the verdict; but the verdict is set aside, or judgment reversed, and a venire de novo awarded. Clay v. White, I Mun. 162; Gregory v. Jackson, 6 Mun. 25; Martin v. Martin, 17 Serg. and Rawle, 431; 16 Serg. and Rawle, 245: and see also the extract above from Gilbert's Ejectment. In the case of Gregory v. Jackson,. which was an ejectment for one thousand acres of land, and a verdict for four hundred, part of the premises, without designating the boundaries-error was brought after judgment-the doctrine now contended for, was strongly insisted upon in argument, and overruled :-the judgment was reversed and a venire awarded. There are many instances to be found of verdicts similar to that tendered by the jury in this case. The verdict in the case of Green v. Watrous, above cited, is of that description.
In the case of Hopkins v. Myers, 1 Constitutional Court's Rep. 56 (South Carolina), the similitude of the verdict, even in its form, to the one in the present case, is very striking.
The verdict in that case was sustained, and is in these words, viz. "We find for the plaintiff, with ohe dollar damages. We also find that the old hedge row beginning at the river, and a line running along the sane to its termination; and a l4ie to be drawn from thence, so that it will intersect the course of an old line, surveyed by A. B. Shark in the year 1813, in the centre of the gut, next to the river, and thence along said line until its intersection with the tract of land said to belong to Railford, is the dividing line between the parties."

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[M'Arthur v. Porter.]
The practice, as stated by Adams in his Treatise on the Acnon of Ejectment, and relied upon by the defendant in error, will not sanction his interference with the verdict. He says (page 297), ",if plaintiff obtain a verdict for the whole premises demanded, the entry of the judgment is, that he recover his term in the premises aforesaid, or that he recoverpossession of his term aforesaid. And this form is also used where a moiety or other part of the-premises is recovered; as for example, when the plaintiff declares for forty acres in A. and recovers only twenty. And it is at the lessor's peril, that he take out execution for no more than he has recovered title to."
This authority does not show that, in the example put of a verdict for twenty acres, such finding of the jury may be disregarded or set aside, and a general verdict directed to be found in its stead; but it proves that upon such a vprdict the plaintiff' may take a judgment to recover his term in the premises; and since he is restrained from taking out execution for more than was found by the verdict, it is quite immaterial whether the judgment, in its form, is general or special. The verdict in either case is the guide to the sheriff to direct him how to deliver possession, Gilbert's Evidence, 109; Conner v. West, 5 Burr. 2673; Watrous v. Green, 17 Serg. and Rawle, 393; Gilbert's Ejectment, 61; Cro. Jac. 631.
If, in the present case, the plaintiff below had permitted the verdict tendered by the jury to be recorded, and had taken a judgment for his term generally, it would have been liable to no exception. The defendant would have had no cause of complaint, since execution could issue for the part only found by the jury and described in their verdict.
But now he has cause to complain, since there is no restriction upon the plaintiff in taking out execution for, and going into possession of all he ever demanded.
Mr Ewing, for the defendant in error, contended, that it was the duty of the jury to find a general verdict: unless with the consent of the parties a special verdict could not be given. The plaintiff in an ejectment who recovers, takes possession under the direction of the court, and this he does at his peril. A reference to the notes of the judges who presided at the trial
VOL. VI.--2 B

SUPREME COURT.
[M'Arthur v. Porter.]
will fhow the extent of the recovery, and regulate the proceedings of the party.
TAe only question in the case is, whether the judgment entered is erroneous, or wh6ther a general judgment should havie been entered on the finding of the jury. Cited-Adams on Ejectment, 297; 2 Bibb's Reports, 236.
Mr Doddridge, in reply, argaed, that there was a material difference between an action of ejectment to try title, and that in which the whole question was one of boundary. The case cited by the counsel for the defendant in error, from Bibb's Reports, was of the former character, and was therefore not applicable to the question before the court. That case is also at variance with all the cases referred to in the opening arbument for the plaintiff in error.. The distinction is well known in England, and it is one which must necessarily arise under the Virginia land system. This system involves, in most cases, questions of boundary.
The action of ejectment is a creation ox oatxrts, and is to be moulded to meet the justice of the case. The practice under it in Virginia, is different from that of England.
The order of survey is a material proceeding in Virginia in the action of ejeetment; and it is made an brder in the cause. It is analogous to a view in England; and the survey so made becomes a part of the issue, presenting the very question which is to be decided by the jury. The witnesses are called by the surveyor before him, and he locates the bounds of the land.
The order of survey and return becomes a part of the record, and the verdict of the jury is usually entered on the back of the survey, for the.express purpose of showing what has been recovered.
Mr Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the Court. This is a writ of error to the circuit court for the district of Ohio. The original action was an ejectment brought by the defendant in error against the plaintiff in error, and the declaration (which contains several counts) describes the land demanded by specific metes and bounds. At the trial the jury found a verdict in the following terms. "9We, the jury, find the defendant guilty of the trespass in the plaintiff's declaration

JANUARY TERM 1s32,
[M'Aithur v Porter.]
mentioned, and do assess the plaintiff's danages to one-4ent, and that the plaintiff do resuver of the defendant the land described as follows, viz. beginning at the stone plantee in Spen cer's orchard designated on Looker's Map (referring to the diagram and report of the survey in court) by the letter B.; thence running in a north-westerly direction to a point in Dock's line, one hundred and twenty-four poles; eastwardly on Dock's line from the point marked D. on Looker's Map, a hickory and dog wood, thence westwardly with Dock's line one hundred and twenty-four poles, to the hickory and dog wood aforesaid; thence running in a sbuth-westerly directioni to Taliaferro's line to the place of beginning." The counsel for the plaintiff then moved the court to 'instruct the jury to find'a general verdict; and thereupon the court did instruct.the jury to find a general verdict, saying that the plaintiff would take possession at his peril; which general verdict was found by the jury accordingly: and to this instruction the defendant excepted. ther exceptions were taken in the progress of the trial, but they have been abandoned at the argnment; and the only question presented for our consideration is upon the instruction already mentioned.
From the survey ordered by the court, as well as from the other proceedings and evidence in the cause, it abundantly appears, that the case was one of conflicting titles, and the controversy was principally as to boundaries. The verdict of the jury, as originally found, was for part only of the land sued fer in the ejectment; fixing upon an intermediate line.of-boundary, different from that asserted by either party. It was, therefore, equivalent to a verdict finding a part of the tract of land -sued for in favour of the plaintiff, and the residue in favour of the defendant. In other words, that the defendant was guilty of the ejectment as to'a part, and not guilty as to the 'residue of the land described in the declaration.
The real question, then, before the court is, whether the plaintiff, upon the proof of a title to a part of the premises sued for in the ejectment, is by law entitled to a general verdict for the Whole of the premises sued for. That the action of ejectment is a fictitious action, and is moulded by courts to subserve the purposes of justice in a manner peculiar to itself, is admitted, but its professed object is to try the titles of the parties-

SUPREME COURT.
[M'Arthur v. Poiter.]
and the jury are bound to pass upon those titles, as they are established by the evidence before them. They, therefore, do no more than their duty when they find a.verdict for the plaintiff, according to the extent and limits of his title, as it is proved by the evidence. It is equally their right so to do, since it is comprehended in the issue submitted to their decision. If, therefore, they find by their verdict according to the truth of the case, that the plaintiff has title to part only of the premises in the declaration, and describe it by metes and bounds, and that so ar the defendant is guilty; and as to the ,residue, find the issue for the defendant; such a verdict, in point of law, would seem to be unexceptionable; and if so, the judgment following that verdict ought to conform to it; and if it should be a general judgment for the whole premises demanded in the declaration, it would be erroneous. Such, upon principle, and the analogies of the common law, would be the just result; and the authorities clearly establish the doctrine, and it is confirmed as a matter of practice by the best text writers on the subject. Adams on Ejectment, 294. Runnington on Ejectment, 432. Bac. Abridg. Ejectment, F. G. Thus in Mason v. Fox, Cro. Jac. 631, where in an ejectment the jury found the defefidant guilty as to part of the premises in the declaration, and not guilty as to the residue; all the judges were of opinion that the judgment ought to conform to the verdict, for it was consequent upon the verdict; but that an entry of a general or variant judgment was not a misprision of the clerk, and amendable even after error brought. In Denn d. Burgess v. Purvis, 1 Burr. 326, the plaintiff sued for a moiety of a certain parcel of land, and had a verdict for one third part of the premises; and the question was, whether in such a case the plaintiff could recover for a less undivided part than he sued for. The court held that she could, and that she was entitled to a judgment for,the one third. Lord Mansfield on that occasion said, the rule undoubtedly is, that the plaintiff must recover according to his title. Here she demanded half, and she appears entitled to a third, and so much she ought to recover; so, if you demand forty acres, you may certainly recover twenty acres; every day's experience proves this. Aad, he added, that the case of Abbott v. Skinner, I Sid. Rep. 229, was directly in point. In 2 Roll. Abridg. tit. Trial, p. 704,

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[M'Aithur v. Porter.]
pl. 22, there is a case where an ejectment was brought of a messuage, and it appeared in evidence and was so found by the verdict that only a small part of the messuage was built by incroachment on the lessor's land, not the residue. And the plaintiff had judgment for the parcel accordingly. Taylor v. Wilbore, Cro. Eliz. 768. These authorities (and the American authorities cited at the bar are to the same effect) demonstrate that the plaintiff is entitled to recover only according to his title; and that if he shows a title to part only, he is entitled to have a verdict and judgment for that part, and no more. If
this be the true state of the law, then the jury were right in their original verdict; and the instruction of the court, that they should find a general verdict (the plaintiff having established a title to only a part of the land) was erroneous.
But it has been argued, that such a general verdict, under such circumstances, is a matter of mere practice, and involves no inconvenience or repugnancy to the general principles of law, because the plaintiff must still at his peril take possession under his executor upon a general judgment on such verdict, according to his title. That the whole proceedings in ejectment are founded in fictions, and the court will, in a summary manner, restrain"the plaintiff if he takes possession for more than his title, so that no injustice can be done to the defendant. And certain authorities have been relied .upon in support of these suggestions. But in what manner can the court, in a case circumstanced like the present, interfere with the plaintiff in taking possession. If the special finding of the jury in the case of interfering titles on a question of boundary, which may) and indeed usually does involve a comparison of the conlicting testimony of witnesses and other parol evidence, is to De set aside and.disregarded, there is nothing upon the record to guide the plaintiff in regard to the extent of his title in taking possession; and he must be.at liberty to take possession .according to his own view of the extent of his title: nor can the court have, in such a case, any certain means to interfere, upon a summary application to redress any supposed excess of the plaintiff, for that would be in matters of fact to usurp the functions of a jury, and to re-try the cause upon its facts and merits, without their assistance. It might be different in a case where the plaintiff's title, as he proved it at the trial, was

SUPREME COURT.
[M'Arlhur v. Poter.]
upon his own showing, le.s than the lands of which he had taken possession; for that would involve no examination or decision upon conflicting matters of fact; and after all, what could this be, but an attempt, indirectly, to do that justice between the parties, which the original verdict sought to do directly, and in a manner entirely conformable to law?
As to the authorities relied on to sustain the practice of entering a general verdict, they do not in our opinion justify the doctrine for which they are cited. The language cited from Adams on Ejectment (p. 297) has been misunderstood. It does not mean that where the plaintiff obtains a verdict for a part of the premises only, he is entitled to a general judgment for the whole premises sued for; for that would be inconsistent with what the author has said in a preceding page (p. 294);(a) but only that the same form of entering the judgment for the parcel recovered is adopted as in cases where the whole is recovered; as for example, if the plaintiff declares for forty acres in it, and he recovers on y twenty acres, his judgment must be for the twenty acres; and it is at his peril that he takes out execution for no more than he has proved title to, since otherwise his execution would be bad, as not conforming to the judgment. (b) The case of Cottingham v. King, 1 Burr, 621, was the case of a writ of error from Ireland, and the only question was whether the declaration, which was for five thousand messuages, five thousand cottages, &c. a quarterof land, &c. &c. was not void for uncertainty; a general verdict having been given for the plaintiff. One qbjection was, that the declaration was too uncertain to enable the sheriff to deliver possession, to which Lord -Mansfield replied, that in this fictitious action the plaintiff is to show the sheriff, and is tb take possession at his peril of only what he was entitled to. If he takes more than he has recovered and shown title to, the court will, in a summary way, set it right. Now it is plain that his lordship was here addressing himself to a case where the, declaration was general, and the verdict was general for the whole premises; and not to a case where there was a verdict for a specified parcel -only of the p'emises. In the case
(a) See also Adams's Eject.'App-No. 34, where the form of a judgment for a parcel is given, and a judgment for the defendant for the residue.
(b) See Far. and Denn. 1 Burr. Rep. 362, 366.

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[M'Artbur v. Porter.]
put, the judgment would be general, and the execution would conform to it; and therefore if the plaintiff took possession beyond his own title established at the trial, the court might interfere in a summary manner to prevent such a general recovery from working injustice. The same doctrine was afterwards held in Conner v. West, 5 Burr, 267b. But neither of these cases has any tendency to show, that upon proof of title to part of the premises the plaintiff is entitled, as a matter of right, to a general verdict and judgment for the whole premises in the declaration. Such a point was never argued, nor
considered by the court. The case of Knouns v. Lawall, lessee of Grayson, cited, from
2 Bibb, 236, approaches nearer to the present-without meaning to express any opinion as to the correctness or incorrectness of the decision in that case, it is sufficient to say, that it is distinguishable from the case now before us. In that case, the court held the special finding of the jury void for uncertainty, and rejected' itras surplusage; and then considered the finding of the jury as a general verdict for the plaintiff, upon which he might properly have a general judgment. No such objection occurs against the special finding in the present case, ir d we may decide it without touching the authority of that decision.
Upon the whole, our opinion is, that the instruction oE the circuit court was erroneous. It was not a mere matter of prac. tice, but one involving essential rights of the defendant.
The judgment is therefore reversed, and the cause is tQ be remanded to the circuit court witii directions to award a venire facias de novo.

JANUARY TERM 1832.
THE UNITED STAT S V. JAMES PAUL.
The third section of the act of congress, entitled "an act more effectually to provide for the punishment of certain crimes against the United States, and for other purposes," passed March 3, 1825, is to be limited to the laws of the several states In force at the time of its enactment.
THIS case came before the court on a certificate of division of opinion of the judges of the circuit court of the United States for the southern district of New York.
The defendant, James Paul, was indicted at October term 1830 of the circuit court. The indictment found by the grand jury was as follows:
Southern Districtof New York, ss. The jurors for the United States of America within and for the circuit and district aforesaid, on their oaths present, that James Paul, late of West Point, on the loth day of September in the year of our Lord 1830, about the hour often in the night of the same day, with force and arms, at West Point, in the county of Orange, within the state of New York, under the sole jurisdiction of the United States of America, and within the jurisdiction of this court, (the store of John H. Lane, in which said store goods and merchandise, the property of the said John H. Lane, was kept for use and sale) there situate, feloniously and burglariously did break 'and enter, with intent the goods and merchandise of the said John H. Lane in the said store then and there being found, then and there feloniously and burglariously to steal, take, and carry away, against the peace of the people of the United States and their dignity. To which indictment the prisoner pleaded not guilty, and by his counsel moved that the said indictment be quashed upon the following grounds: That the third section of the act of congress,. entitled " art act moie effectually to provide for the punishment of certain crimes against the United States, and for other purposes," passed March 3,18o5-Laws U. S. vol. 7, p. 393-is to be limited to the"laws of the several tates in force at the time of
i[, l.t' nl ellt,

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Paul.]
By the revised statutes of the state of New York, passed in 1829-vol. 2 Rev. Stat. p. 669, part 4, ch. 1, title 3, art. 2, sec. 17-a burglary in the third degree is enacted a breaking and entering, in the day or night, any shop, store, &c., in which any goods, &c. are kept for use, sale, or deposit, with intent to steal therein, or commit any felony; and by the 21st of the same act, this offence is punishable by imprisonment in the state prison for a term not exceeding five years.
T the said question thus occurring before the said court, the opinions of the said two judges were divided, and upon request of counsel, the point upon which the said division of opinion occurred was stated in manner aforesaid, under the direction of the'said judges, and certified under the seal of the said court, to the Supreme Court of the "UnitedStates, at their next session, to be held at the city of Washington on the second Monday of January, A.D. 1831.
The prisoner was arrested on a charge of breaking, with an intention to steal, into a store situated at West Point, in the state of New York, and within the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the United States. The store was not in any way identified with a dwelling: and the offence therefore was not a burglaryat common law, nor by the laws of New York as existing in 1825; but was created a burglary in the third degree by the Revised Statutes of New York going into opgration in 1829.
The case was stibmitted to the court without argument, by Mr Taney, attorney-general of the United States; and by Mr Washington Quincy Morton, for the defendant.
Mr Chief Justice MARSHALL stated it to be the opinion of the court, that the third section of the act of congress, entitled " in act more effectually to provide for the punishment of certain crimes against the United States, and for other purposes," passed March 3, 1825, is to be limited to the laws of the several states in force at the time of its enactment. This,was ordered to be certified to the circuit court for the sotithern district of New York.

SUPREME COURT.
LESSEE OF STEPHEN SICARD ET AL. PLAINTIFFS IN ERROX
v. NANCY DAVIS ET AL. DEFENDANTS IN ERROR. SAME v. JoHN CECIL AND ROBERT SMITHERS.
The act of the legislature of Kentucky, passed in 1796, respecting conveyances, reduces into one all the laws.pieviously existing on the subject of recording conveyances of land. That act does not create a right to'convey property which any individual may possess; but restrains that right by certain rules, which it prescribes, and which are deemed necessary for public security. The original right to convey property remains unimpaired, except so far as it is ibridged by that statute.
Under that statute the only requisites to a valid conveyance of lands are, that it shall be in writing, and shall be sealed and delivered.
The acknowledgement, and the proof which may authorise the admission of the dqed to record, and the recording thereof, are provisions which the law makes -for the security of creditors and purchaseis. They are essential to the validity of the deed as to persons of that description, not as to the grantor. His estate passes out of him and vests in the grantee, as far as respects himself, as entirely, if the deed be in writing, sealed and delivered, as ifit be also acknowledged, or attested and proved by three subscribing witnesses, and recorded in the proper court. In a suit between them, such a deed is completely executed, and would be conclusive, although never admitted to record, nor attested by any subscribing witness. Pioof of sealing and delivering would alone be required; and the acknowledgement of the fact by the party would be sufficient eroof of it.
ft the original deed remained in existence, proof of the hand-writing, added to
its being in possession of the grantee, would, it is presumed, be prima fade evidence that it was sealed and delivered. No reason is perceived why such evidence should not be as satisfactory in the case of a deed, as in the case of a bond. Where the deed is lost, positive proof of the hand.writing is not to be expected. The grantee must depend on other proof. The words of the first section of the statute, declaring, "that no estate of inheritance in lands, &c., shall be conveyed from one to another, unless the conveyance be declared by writing, sealed and delivered, nor shall such conveyance be good against a purchaser for valuable consideration, not having notice thereof, or any creditor, unless the same writing be acknowledged," &c. can apply only to purchasers of the titleasserted by virtue of the conveyance, and to creditors of the party who has made it. They protect such purchasers from a conveyance of which they had no notice, and which, if known, would have prevented their making the purchase; because it would have informed them that the title was bad, that the vendor had nothing to sell. But the purchaser from a different person, of a different title, claimed under a different patest, would be entirely unconcerned in the conveyance. To him it would be entirely unimportant, whether this distinct conflicting title was asserted by the original paibntee, or by his vendor. The same general terms are applied to creditors and to purchasers; and the word creditors, can mean only the creditors of the vendor.

JANUARY TERM 1832.
ELessee of Sicard et al. v. Davis et al.]
Vhat should be considered suffici ent proof of the loss of a deed, to entitle the person holding under it to read a copy of it in evidence; and what was sufficient proof of the execution of the original deed to entitle it to be read in evidence to tho jury. A possession taken under a junior patent, which interferes with a senior patent, the lands covered by which are totally unoocupied by any person holding or claiming under it; is not limited to the actual inclosure, but -s co-extensive with the boundaries claimed under such junior patent. A count in the declaration in an ejectment, on a demise from a different party, asserting a different title, is nqt distinguishable; so far as respects the act of limitations; from a new action. rhe construction of the act of limitations, that if adverse possession be taken in the life time of the ancestor, and be continued.for twenty years, and for ten years after the death of the ancestor, no entry having been made by the ancestor or those claiming-under him, the entry is barred; is established by the decisions bf this court, as well as of the courts of Kentucky.
ERROR to the circuit court of the United Stateg for the district of Kentucky.
On the 8th day of March 1825, Stephen Sicard, a citizen of Pennsylvania, commenced his actions of ejectment in the circuit court for the district of Kentucky against Jesse Davis and others, and against John Cecil, Robert Smithers and others, for the recovery of six thousand six hundred and eighty acres of land, or parts of the same. Those who wereIn possession of 'the lands were admitted as defendanis; eiich for himself; and pleaded not guilty. In the progress of the case, the plaintiff was twice non suited, and the non suits were set aside. Nancy Davis, after the death of her husband, became, on motion, a party to the suit.
The demise in the declaration was stated to have been made by Stephen Sicard, on the 30th of January 1815. Afterwards, at November term 1821, upon motion of the plaintiff,'leave Was given to amend the declaration, by laying a demise in the name of the heirs of the original grantee of the land, Joseph Phillips, and from others to whom the land had been conveyed, before 'the execution of the deed under which Stephen Sicard acquired his title.
The. cause was tried at the October term 1824 of the circuit court, and judgments were rendered for the defendants.
The plaintiff on the trial tendered a bill of exceptions in each case; and the cases were brought up to this court on writs of error prosecuted by him.

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Sicard et a].v. Daviset d1.]
The bills of exceptions stated the evidence given by the plaintiff to maintain the suits, to have been a patent dated 6th of June 1786, from the state of Virginia to Joseph Phillips, for six thousand six hundred and eighty acres of land, under a survey daied 4th of May 1784; and proof that the patent covered the land in controversy; and that the defendants were in adverse possession at the commencement of the suit.
Also copies of deeds from Joseph Phillips to Benjamin Stephens and from Stephens to Samuel R. Marshall, and from Marshall to Stephen Sicaid.
The first deed from Joseph Phillips to Benjamin Stephens, is dated the 16th of October 1797. The second deed from Stephens to Marshall, is dated the 25th of December 1797. The deed from Marshall to Sicard is dated the 25th of May 179-8; and these deeds covered the land in suit.
The plaintiff also proved, that Phillips, Stephens, Marshall and Sicard, always resided in Pennsylvania, New York and New Jersey.
It was proved that Phillips and Stephens died in the year 1798 Qr 1799.
The deed of Joseph Phillips to Benjamin Stephens is dated the 16th -of October 1797. On the 8th of June 1798, it appears that Joseph Spencer, of Philadelphia, appeared before Iillary Baker, mayor of Philadelphia, and deposed that he saw Joseph Phillips sign, seal and deliver the said deed; that he saw Samuel R. Marshall and John Phillips severally subscribe their respectie names thereunto, as witnesses to the signing, sealing and delivering the said deed.
This deed, thus 'proved, was recorded, together with the deeds from Stephens to Marshall and from Marshall to Sicard, and were, on the 23d of April 1803, certified by the clerk of the court of appeals to have been recorded in his office in Frankford, in the state of Kentucky.
The plaintiff, in order to introduce the copies of the deede in evidence, and to prove the execution of the original deeds, produced a paper signed by Alexander Parker, stating that he had .received, February 9th, 1803, of Mr Stephen Sicard, three deeds for a certain tract of land lying in Nelson county, and state of Kentucky, on Chaplin's fork; the first, Joseph Phillips to Benjamin Stephens for six thousand six hundred and

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Lessee of Sicard et a]. v. Davis et aL.]
eighty acres of land; the second, Benjamin Stephens to Samuel R. Marshall for said land; the third, Samuel R. Marshall to Stephen Sicard for same; also a certificate of Ralph Phillips concerning the same: all to be recorded in the office at Frankfort in Kentucky.
The plaintiff also read the deposition of Thomas Wallace, who swore, that in the summer of 1803, said Parker told him that he had left at deponent's store, or with a Mr Scott, his clerk, three deeds, the property of Sicard, to be carried from Lexington to Philadelphia by the deponent. He knows nothing of the papers, nor does he recollect ever to have seen them: he has searched for them among his papers, but is unable to find them.
Alexander Parker proved the receipt, and that he got the deeds recorded in the court of appeals of Kentucky-that he inclosed said deeds directed to Mr Sicard, Philadelphia, and left them with Mr Wallace's clerk, to be taken by Wallaqe to Sicard. These deeds he believes were originals; he has never seen them since; he believes Scott was dead: that for several years he paid the taxes for said land, and saw the entry of said land for taxes in the auditor's office.
Mary Powell, a witness, resident in Philadelphia, swore she is the widow of Benjamin Powell, and that she is fully satisfied from what'her husband told her that lie did witness a deed to, which Benjamin Stephens and Robert Marshall were parties, or at least the said Stephens was the seller therein; her husband died in 1820; and that some time before his death, he went out with Stephen Sicard to attest the fact of his, the said Powell's, having subscribed the said deed as a witness to the execution thereof before a magistrate or alderman.
Joseph Spencer, in his deposition stated that he has some recollection of having witfiessed an instrument of writing, supposed by him to be a conveyance of land, (but it was not known to him to whom granted thereby) at the house of John Phillips, which he did some twenty years before the date of his deposition (1822); and his meeting again one or more of the family, he believes Dr Joseph Phillips, in the city of Philadelphia, at the office of HilaryBaker, to authenticate the haud writing to the instrument as a witness to both; but he has no certain date in his memory.

128

SUPREME COURT.

[Lessee of Scard et a]. v. Davis et al.]
And also the deposition of George Heyl of the city of Philadelphia, notary public, who swears, that on th% 17th day of January 1803, at the request of Stephen Sicard, he made corredt copies of the deeai from Phillips to Stephens, and Stephene to Marshall, and from Marshall to Sicard: that the copies made by him were from the original deeds, and that he had certified the copies under his seal of office. Sicard told him at the time, he was going to send the originals to Kentucky to be recorded; and assigned this as the motiveto have the copies made. The deeds had every appearance of originals. That he had a knowledge of the signature of Hilary Baker, the mayor of the city, before whom they were proved, and of the seal of the city, and believed them genuine: that in the spring of the year 1818, the said Stephen Sicard again called on him and took his deposition before alderman Douglass, at his (the alderman's) office in this city, to the above fact; to which deposition were annexed the said three notarial certified copies, and a mandate from the seventh circuit court of the United States for the Kentucky district to the said Douglass, to take the same-all of which this deponent understood were transmitted to the said court: and that the annexed two copies of deeds, so certified by the clerk of said court, to the best of his knowledge and belief, are copies of his said notarial copies of hiis said originals.
'he deposition of George Rozell, to prove the death of Jo-
seph Phillips in 1798, and who were his heirs at law; and also the decease of Stephens, in the same or thewfollowing year, was exhibited.
The defendants gave in evidence patents from the commonwealth of Kentucky, of junior date to that read by the plaintiff; proved the boundaries of thosd junior grants, and that they included the defendants: and gai e evidenee that they had settled under faith of those junior patents, and held adversely to the patent offered in evidence by the plaintiff. On motion of the defendants, the court rejected the copies of the deeds aforesaid from Phillips to Stephens, and from Stephens to Marshall, and from Marshall to Sicard; because there was no proof of the execution of the deeds from Phillips to Stephens, or from Stephens to Marshall, so as to let in copies of the original deeds.

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Lessee of Siexrd'et al. v. Davis et aQ.
The defendants then proved, that in the year 1794 they had adverse possession of the land in controversy, and had continued ever since to hold it adversely accordingly. Whereupon the defendants moved the court to instruct the jury, as follows:
1. That the plaintiff has given no evidence to support the first count, upon the demise of Sicard, and none to support the demise from any of the other lessors; except from such as are heirs of Josph Phillips, the patentee.
2. That if the jury find from the evidence that the patents of Joseph Phillips and William Loving do interfere and lap, as represented on the connected plat, and that the defendants and those under whom they hold did enter, claiming under said Loving's survey, and took the first possession within the said interference, the said patent of Joseph Phillips being (at the date of such entry and possession taken under Loving's patent) unoccupied by any person holding or claiming under said Phillips's patent; then and in that case the possession of the defendants so taken was not limited to their actual inclosure, but was co-extensive with the boundaries by which they claimed.
3. That if the jury find from the evidence, that the possession of the lands in controversy was taken in the lifetime of Joseph Phillips, the ancestor of the lessor of the plaintiff, and adversely to said Phillips, and that the defendants and those under whom they hold have continued to hold adversely to said Phillips, the ancestor and his heirs, ever since and for more than twenty years before the 17th day of January 1822, when the second count in the declaration was filed, and shall moreover find that said ancestor Joseph Phillips died more than ten years before the said 17th day of January 1822, when the second count was filed, then the said lessors, the heirs of Joseph Phillips, are barred by the statute of limitations.
The circuit court gave these instructions to the jury on the prayer of the defendants.
The case was argued by Mr Sergeant, for the plaintiff in error; and by Mr Wickliffe, for the defendants.
For the plaintiff it was contended: That the court erred, 1. In rejectingthe copies of the deeds
VOL. VI._R

SUPREME COURT.
LLessee of Sicard et a]. v. Davis et al.]
from Phillips to Stephens, from Stephens to Marshall, and from Marshall to Sicard.
2. In charging that the possession taken by the defendants, under Loving's survey, was not limited to their actual inclosure, but was co-extensive with the boundaries by which they claimed.
3. In charging that the statute of limitations barred, if there had been adverse possession for more than twenty years before the 17th of January 1822, when the second count in the declaration was filed.
Mr Wickliffe, for the defendants, argued, 1. The plaintiff failed to show any title in Sicard at the date of the demise. 2. The copies of deeds from Phillips, &c. were correctly excluded, because the same were not legally proven in court upon the tfial; nor had the same been proved and recorded in accordance with or within the time prescribed by the laws then in force in Kentucky. 3. If recorded or proven, the deeds conveyed no title, were inoperative and against law; the land conveyed being at the date of the said deeds in the adverse legal possession of the defendants. 4. If the plaintiff showed title in the heirs of the patentee, Joseph Phillips, that title was not asserted by the heirs of Phillips against the defendants until the January term 1822, when the amended declaration was filed; consequently their right was barred by the statute of limitations, both of twenty years' adverse possession, and seven years' adverse possession with title.
Mr Chief Justice MAR5s.&LL delivered the opinion of the Court.
This is a writ of error to a judgment in ejectment brought by the plaintiffs in error against the defendants in the court of the United States for the seventh circuit and district of Kentucky. The declaration was delivered to the defendants in March 1815. The declaration contains'a single count on the :demise of Stephen Sicard.
In November term 1821, the plaintiff obtained leave to

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Lessee of Sicard et al. v. Davis et al.]
amend his declaration by laying a demise in the names of the heirs of the original grantee of the commonwealth, or intermediate grantees; which amended declaration was filed. The issues were joined in the usual form, and a jury sworn who found a verdict for the defendants, on which judgment was rendered by the court.
At the trial the plaintiff gave in evidence to the jury the patent to Joseph Phillips, and proved that it covered the land in controversy, and that the defendants were in adverse possession at the time of the commencement of this suit. He also offered in evidence copies of deeds which purported to convey the title from the patentee to Benjamin Stephens, from Stephens to Samuel Robert Marshall, and from Marshall to the plaintiff. The deed from Phillips to Stephens, dated the 16th day of October 1797, is attested by three subscribing witnesses, and the deed from Stephens to Marshall, dated the 25th day of December 1797, is attested by two subscribing witnesses. Each deed was proved by one of the subscribing witnesses thereto in June 1798, before Hilary baker, mayor of the city of Philadelphia, who gave his official certificate thereof in the usual form. The deed from Marshall to the plaintiff, Sicard, dated the 25th day of May 1798, is attested by two subscribing witnesses, and is acknowledged by the grantor before the mayor of :Philadelphia in July 1798, who has given his official certificate thereof. These deeds were admitted to record on this testimony in April 1803, in the court of appeals in Kentucky.
To prove the loss of the originals, the plaintiff produced the receipt of Alexander Parker, dated the 9th of February 1803, acknowledging the receipt of the said deeds for the purpose of being recorded in the office at Frankfort in Kentucky; also the affidavit of the said Parker stating his receipt, and the purpose for which the deeds were delivered to him; as also' that he had caused them to be recorded. Some time after this, being admitted to record, he was directeu by Sicard to send them to him in Philadelphia. Some time before August 1804, he applied to Thomas Wallace to carry them, who undertook to do so, and directed him to leave them with the clerk of the said Wallace that evening. The affiant inclosed the three deeds in a sheet of paper directed to the said Sicard.

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Sicard et al. v. Davis et al.]
which he delivered that evening to the said Wallace's clerk, hc believes William Scott, who promised to deliver them to the said Wallace. The affiant has never seen them since, but has heard that they were lost. He believes the deeds to have been originals. He paid the taxes on said six thousand six hundred and eighty acres of land for several years, and saw it entered for taxation in the auditor's office. He believes that the said William Scott departed this life twelve or fifteen years ago. The plaintiff also produced the affidavit or deposition of Thomas Wallace, who proved that Mr Alexander Parker did say, that in the summer of 1803 he left at the store, or delivered to a young man (probably Mr Scott), then living with the deponent, sundry papers said to be deeds, the property of the said Sicard, to be carried from Lexington to Philadelphia by the deponent. He knows nothing of the papers, nor does he recollect ever to have seen them. He has searched for them among his papers, but cannot find them. He verily believes they were not delivered to him.
The plainiiff also produced the deposition of Mary Powell, widow of Benjamin Powell, one of the subscribing witnesses to the deed from Benjamin Stephens to Samuel Robert Marshall, who deposed that she understood from her husband that he had witnessed a deed from Stephens to Marshall; that he had been dead about two years. Some time previous to his death, he accompanied the plaintiff, Sicard, for the purpose of attesting the fact of his having subscribed the said deed as a witness; and from several conversations which passed between the said Sicard and her husband, in her presence, she is convinced her husband had a perfect recollection of having subscribed his name as a witness to the said deed. Also the deposition of Joseph Spencer, the subscribing witness to the deed from Phillips to Stephens, who proved the same before the mayor of Philadelphia in June 1798, who says, that he has some recollection of having witnessed an instrument of writing supposed by him to be a conveyance of land, he knew not to whom granted, at the house of Jonathan Phillips, deceased, of Maidenhead, now Lawrence township, Hunterdon county, state of New Jersey, some twenty years ago or more (this deposition was taken in April 1322); and of his meeting again one or more of the family, he believes Doctor Joseph Phillips of that place or neigh-

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Lessee of Sicard et at. v. Davis et al.]
bourhood was one, in the city of Philadelphia, at the office ot Htilary Baker, who was then mayor of the said city, to authenticate the hand-writing to the said instrument of conveyance as party or witness, or both; but has no certain date in his memory whereby he can be more particular. Also the deposition of George Heyl, notary public of Philadelphia, who says, that he was called on in his official capacity on the 17th of January 1803, to certify and attest to three several copies of original deeds, one from Joseph Phillips to Benjamin Stephens, one from Stephens to Samuel Robert Marshall, Pnd the third from Marshall to Stephen Sicard, dated the 05th of May 1798, all for a tract of land lying and being, &c., containing six thousand six hundred and eighty acres; and that he did, at the request of Stephen Sicard, examine and compare the said three several copies with the original deeds submitted to him by the said Stephen Sicard for that purpose, and found them to be true and faithful copies of the same; that the said deeds appeared to him, in every respect, originals, fair and genuine papers, the parchment, ink, signatures, &c. wearing that aspect. That the s. .d Stephen Sicard told him at the time that his motive for requiring notarial copies of said originalsg, was that he was going to send said originals to Kentucky to be recorded. That the said deponent had a knowledge of the signature of Hilary Baker, the mayor of the city, before whom they were proved, and of the seal of the city, and believed them genuine; that in thespring of the year 1818 the said Stephen Sicard again called on him, and took his deposition before alderman Douglass to the above fact, to which deposition were annexed the said three notarial copies.
The notarial copies mentioned in the foregoing deposition agree with the copies from the record of the court of appeals
of Kentucky. The plaintiff also offered as a witness the clerk of the court
of.appeals,.who deposed that the deeds had been recorded by Thomas S. Hinde, his deputy, now living beyond the reach of the process of this court; but he recollected to have noticed them at the time, and they had, so far as he recollected, every appearance of genuine documents. The plaintiff also introduced Ralph Phillips, who stated, that he was long acquainted with Joseph Phillips, and Stephens, -and Marshall, and he

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Sicard et al. v. Davis et al.
heard them speak of the conveyance of the tract of land in controversy, as made by Phillips to Stephens, and by Stephens to Marshall, many years ago; but he does not recollect to have seen the deeds.
The defendants gave in evidence patents of the commonwealth of junior date to that of the plaintiff; proved the boundaries of those junior grants, and that they included the defendants: and gave evidence that they had settled under faith of those junior grants, and held adversely to the patent offered in evidence by the plaintiff.
On motion of the defendants, the court rejected the copies of the deeds aforesaid from Phillips to Stephens, and from Stephens to Marshall, and from Marshall to Sicard; because there was no proof of the execution of the deeds from Phillips to Stephens, or from Stephens to Marshall, so as to let in copies of the original deeds.
The defendants then proved that in the year 1794, they had adverse pc ssession of the land in controversy, and had continued ever since to hold it adversely. Whereupon the defendants moved the court to instruct the jury,
i. That the plaintiff has given no evidence to support the first count on the demise of Sicard; and none to support the demise from any of the other lessors, except such as are heirs of Joseph Phillips the patentee.
2. That if the jury find from the evidence that the patents of Joseph Phillips and William Loving do interfere and lap, as represented in the connected plat, and that the defendants and those under whom they'hold did enter, claiming under said Loving's survey, and took the first possession within the said interference, the said patent of Joseph Phillips, being (at the date-of such patent and possession taken under Loving's patent) unoccupied by any person holding or claiming under said Phillips's patent, then andmin that case, the possession of, the defendants so taken, was not limited to their actual inclosure, but was co-extensive with the boundaries by which they claimed.
3. That if the jury find from the evidence that the possession of the lands in controversy was taken in the lifetime of Xoseph Phillips, the ancestor of the lessors of the plaintifi, and adversely to said Phillips, and that the defendants and those

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Lessee of Sicard et al. v. Davis at al.]
under whom they hold, have continued to hold adversely to said Phillips, the ancestor, and his heirs ever since, and for more than twenty years before the 17th of January 1822, when the second count in the declaration was filed, and shall moreover find that said ancestor, Joseph Phillips, died more than ten years before the said 17th of January 1822, when the second count was filed; then the said lessors, the heirs of Joseph Phillips, are barred by the statute of limitations; which instructions were given accordingly: to each of which instructions, as well in excluding the deeds as in instructing the jury, the plaintiffs excepted.
The first exception is to the refusal of the court to permit the copies of deeds offered by the plaintiff to be given in evidence to the jury. These copies were rejected "because there was no proof of the execution of the deeds from Phillips to Stephens, or from Stephens to Marshall." This objection would have applied to the originals as strongly as to the copies: consequently, we must inquire whether the plaintiff offered such evidence of the execution of the originals as is
required by law. In 1796 the legislature of Kentucky passed a law respecting
conveyances, the first section of which enacts, "that no estate of inheritance or freehold, or for a term of more than five years, in ands or tenements, shall be conveyed from one to another, unless the conveyance be declared by writing, sealed and delivered; nor shall such conveyance be good against a purchaser for a valuable consideration, not having notice thereof, or any creditor, vnIess the same writing be acknowledged by the party or parties who shall have sealed and delivered it, or be proved by three witnesses to be his, her or their act, in the office of the clerk of the court of appeals of a district court, or in a court of quarter sessions or county court, in -the manner prescribed by law, or in the manner hereinafter directed, within eight months after the time of scaling and delivering, and be lodged with the clerk of such court to be there recorded."
The third section enacts that "if the party who shall sign
and seal any such writing, reside not in this commonwealth, the acknowledgement by such party, or the proof by the number of witnesses requisite, of the sealing and delivering of the writing before any court of law, or the mayor or other chief

SUPREME COURT.
rLessee of Sicard et al.v. Davis et al.]
magistrate of any city, town or corporation of the county in which the party shall dwell, certified by such court, or mayor, or chief magistrate, in the manner such acts are usually authenticated by them, and offered to the proper court to be recorded within eight months after the sealing and delivering, shall be as effectual as if it had been in the last mentioned court."
This act reduces into one the laws previously existing on this subject. It does not create a right to convey property which any individual may possess, but restrains that right by certain rules which it prescribes, and which are deemed necessary for the public security. The original right to transfer property remains unimpaired, except so far as it is abridged by the statute.
How far does the statute restrain an individual in the exercise of this general original right?
The words are, "that no estate of inheritance, &c. in lands or tenements, shall be conveyed from one to another, unless the conveyance be declared by writing, sealed and delivered."
The only requisites then to a valid conveyance of an estate of inheritance in lands are, that it shall be in writing, and shall be sealed and delivered.
The statute proceeds, "nor shall such conveyance be good
against a purchaser for a valuable consideration, not having notice thereof, or any creditor, unless the same writing be acknowledged," &d.
The acknowledgement or the proof which may authorise the admission of the deed to record, and the recording thereof, are provisions which the law makes for the security of creditors and purchasers. They are essential to the validity of the deed, as to persons of that description, not as to the grantor. Tiis estate passes out of him and vests in the gralitee, so far as respects himself, as entirely, if the deed be in writing, sealed and delivered, as-if it be also acknowledged or attested and proved by three subscribing witnesses, and recorded in the proper court. In a suit between them, such a deed is completely executed, and would be conclusive, although never admitted to record, nor attested by any subscribing witness. Proof of sealing and delivery would alone be required, and the acknowledgement'of the fact by the party, would be sufficient proof of it.

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Lessee of Sicard et a]. v. Davis et al.]
If the original deed remained in existence, proof of the hand writing, added to its being in possession of the grantee, would, it is presunwd, be prima facie evidence that it was sealed and delivered. No reason is perceived why such evidence should not be as satisfactory in the case of a deed as fn the case of a bond. But the deed is lost, and positive proof of the handwriting is not to be expected or required. The grantee must depend on other proof.
The deed purports to have been executed more than thirty years past. The mayor of Philadelphia, the person entrusted' by law with receiving and certifying the acknowledgement or proof of the deed, has certified in legal form that it was proved to him by one of the subscribing witnesses. Had it been also proved by the other two, the probate would have been sufficient; not only as against the party, but as against purchasers and creditors. It has remained from the time of its execution until its loss, in the possession of those claiming title under it; and in the long course of time which has elapsed since itsalleged execution, the grantor has never controverted its existence, nor set up any title to the property it purported to convey. Parker, the agent of the plaintiff, respecting this transaction, as is'presumed, though not averred in terms, from the facts that he brought the deeds from Philadelphia, procured theni to be recorded, and took measures for returning them to him; says that he saw them entered for taxation in the auditor's office, and paid the taxes on them for several years. Samuel Robert Marshall, the grantee of Stephens, and who-conveyed the land afterwards to Sicard by a deed regularly authenticated and recorded, which recites the deed from Phillips, and conveys the land with general warranty, is a subscribing witness to that executed by Phillips. The notary, who at the instance of Sicard took notarial copies before the deeds were transmitted to Kentucky to be recorded; deposes that the appearance of the originals was perfectly fair.
Add to these strong circumstances, the testimony which after ,thelong lapse of time the plaintiff has been enabled to procure. Phillips and Stephens have been long dead; Marshall has conveyed the land to Sicard with a general warranty, by a deed regularly authenticated and recorded, and is of course, if alive, disqualified as a witness. One witness deposes that he was
VOL. VI.-S

SUPREME COURT.
ELessee of Sicard et al. v. Davis et al.]
long acquainted with Joseph Phillips and Stephens and Marshall, that he heard them speak of the conveyance of the tract of land in controversy as made by Phillips to Stephens, and by Stephens to Marshall. Joseph Spencer, the subscribing witness to the deed made by Phillips, who proved its execution before the mayor of Philadelphia, has some recollection of having witnessed an instrument of writing, supposed by him to be a conveyance of land, at the house of Jgnathan Phillips deceased, twenty years or more before giving his deposition, and of meeting again one or more of the family, he believes doctor Joseph Phillips was one, in the city of Philadelphia, at the office of Hilary Baker, mayor of the city, to authenticate the hand 'writing to the said instrument of conveyance, as party or witness, or both. Although he does not recollect the transaction with that precision which might be expected from an interested party, he remembers as much as could be expected after so long an interval from an unconcerned person, and enough, we think, to satisfy a court, in connexion with other circurstances, thpt thi deed to which he subscribed his name as a witness was executed, and is the deed, a copy of which was offered by the plaintiff. He remembers attesting an instrument of writing at the house of Jonathan Phillips, which he believed to be a conveyance of land; he remembers meeting some of the family, one of whom was Joseph Phillips, at the office of Hilary Baker, mayor of Philadelphia, for the purpose of authenticating the same instrument. This instrument was authenticated by him before the mayor, as appears by his certificate. The deposition of the widow of Benjamin Powell, too, is entitled to consideration.
We think that in a contest between Joseph Phillips and Stephen Sica~d, this testimony and these circumstances would have been held sufficient to prove the execution bf his deed; and would have proved that his title was conveyed by it.
If the title of Phillips was conveyed to Sicard, then Sicard could assert that title in a court of justice as effectually as Phillips might assert it; unless the defendants were protected from his claim by some provision of the statute. The first section, after declaring that no estate of inheritance, &c. "in lands Or tenerffents shall be conveyed from one to another,

JANUARY TERM 183 o .
[Lessee of Sicard et al. v. Davis et al.]
unless the conveyance be declared by writing, sealed and delivered," adds, "nor shall such conveyance be good against a purchaser for valuable consideration, not having notice thereof, or any creditor, unless the same writing be acknowledged," &c.
These words, we think, can apply only to purchasers of the title asserted by virtue of the conveyance, and to creditors of the party who has made it. They protect such purchasers from a conveyance of which they had no notice, and which, if known, would have prevented their making the purchase; because it would have informed them that the title was bad, that the vendor had nothing to sell. But the purchaser from a different person of a different title, claimed under a different patent, would be entirely unconcerned in the conveyance. To him it would be entirely unimportant, whether this distinct couflicting title was asserted by the original patentee or by his vendee. The same general terms areapplied to creditors and to purchasers; and surely the word creditors ean mean only creditors of the vendor.
This construction of this part of the statute has, we believe, been uniformly made.
A conveyance then in writing, sealed and delivered by the vendor in each case, was sufficient to pass the title from Phillips to Stephens, and from Stephens to Marshall. The conveyance from Marshall to Sicard is unexceptionable.
If the original deeds had been produced, their execution was, we think, so proved, that they ought to have been submitted to the jury. If this be correct, it cannot be doubted that the copies were admissible. The loss of the originals is proved incontestably, and the truth of the copies is beyond question.
We think, therefore, that the court erred "in rejecting the copies of the deeds from Phillips to Stephens, and from Stephens to Marshall, and from Marshall to Sicard." Consequently, the first instruction to the jury, "that the plaintiff has given no evidence to support the first count on the demise of Sicard," ought not to have been given.
The second instruction, that a possession taken under a junior patent, -which ihterferes with a senior patent, the lands covered by which are totally unoccupied by any person holding or claiming under it, is not limited by the actual inclo-

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Sicard et al. v. Davis et al
sure, but is co-extensive with the boundaries claimed under such junior patent, is entirely correct, and conforms to the decisions of this court.
The third instruction is also correct. The second count in the declaration, being on a demise from a different party asserting a different title, is not distinguishable, so far as respects the bar of the act of limitations, from a new action. See Miller's Heirs v. M'Intyre, at this term. The construction of the act of limitations, that if adverse possession be taken in the life tithe of the ancestor, and be continued for twenty years, and for ten years after the death of the ancestor, no entry being made by the ancestor or those claiming under him, the title is barred, is established by the decisions of this court as well as of the courts of Kentucky. 4 Whoat. 213. This point may perhaps determine the cause ultimately in favour of the defendants. But as this court cannot know judicially that the ;verdict of the jury was founded on the bar created by the adverse possession of the defendants, and not on the want of title in the plaintiffs, whose title deeds were excluded by the circuit court; the judgment must be reversed, and the cause remanded with directions to award a venire facias de novo.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Kentucky, and was argued by counsel; on considerstion whereof, this Court is of opinion, that there is error in the proceedings and judgment of the said court in this, that the said court rejected the copies of the deeds offered by the plaintiffs as evidence, being of opinion that there was no proof of the execution of two of them. Therefore it is considered by the Court, that the juogment of the said circuit court be reversed and annulled, and that the cause be remanded to the said circuit court with directions to award a venire facias de novo.

328

SUPREME COURT.

DANIEL BOARDMAN AND OTHERS, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR V.
THE LESSEES OF REED AND FORD, M'C.ALL AND OTHERS,
DEFENDANTS IN ERROR.
In an ejectment a witness was-called to prove that's person who was dead had, at a former trial between the plaintiffi and some of the defendants to recover the land in controversy, sworn that an anciently marked corner tree was found by him at a particular point, of a different kind of timber from that called-for in a patent to one Young. No part of the survey of Young was involved in the controversy in this suit; and with several other surveys it was unly laid down by the surveyor, as by showing certain connexions it might conduce to identify the land claimed by the plaintiffs. As the evidence was not given between the same parties, this testimony could, only be received as hearsay;
and was not admissible. That boundaries may be proved by hearsay testimony, is a rule well settled, and
the necessity or propriety of which is not now questioned. Some difference of opinion may exist as to the application of this rule, but there is none as to its legal force. Landmarks are frequently found of perishable materials, wrich pass away with the generation in which they are made. By the improvemelit of the country, and from other causes, they are often destroyed. It is therefore important in many cases that hearsay or reputation should be received to establish ancient boundaries. But such testimony must be pertinent and material to the issue between the parties. If it have no relatiop to the subject, or if it refer to a fact which is immaterial to the point of inquiry, it ought not to be admitted. In an ejectment for land in the state of Virginia, the distiict court for the western district of Virginia instructed the jury "that the grant to the plaintiffs which was given in evidence, was a complete appropriation of the land therein described, and vested in the patentee the title; and that any defects in the pre. liminary steps by which it was acquired, were cured by the grant." By the court: there can be no doubt of the correctness of this instruction. This court have repeatedly decided that no facts behind the patent can be investigated. A court of law has concurrent jurisdiction with a court of equity in matters of fraud; but the defect of an entry or survey cannot be taken advantage of at law. The patent appropriates the land, and gives the legal title to
the patentee. Titles acquired under sales for taxes depend upon different principles: where an
individual claims land under a tax sale, he must show that the substantial requisites of the law have been observed. But this is never necessary where the claim rests on a patent from the commonwealth. The preliminary steps may be investigated in chancery, when an elder equitable right is asserted; but this cannot be done at law.
If the grant appropriates the land, it is only necessary for the person who claims under it to identify the land called for. Whether the entry was made in legal form, or the survey was executed agreeably to the calls of the entiy, are not matters which can be examined at law., When, from the evidence, the existence of a certain fact may be doubtful, either from want of certainty in the

JANUARY TERM i32.
[Boardman and others v. The Lessees of Reed and k dff, et at.]
proof, or by reason ofconflicting evidence, a court may be callea upon to give instructions in reference to supposable facts. But this a court is Meyer bound to do, where the facts are clear and uncontradicted. That certain calls in a patent may be explained, or controlled by other call, was settled by fhis court in the case of Stringer'sLessee v Young, 3 Peters, 320,. If the point had not been so adjudged, it would be too clear on general principles to admit of serious doubt. The entire description of the patent must be taken, and the identity of the land ascertained by a reasonable construction of the language used. If there be a repugnant call, which by the other calls of the patent clearly appears to have been made through mistake, that does not make void the patent. But if the land granted be so inaccurately described as to render its identity wholly uncertain, it is admitted that the grant is void. The meaning of the parties to written instruments must bo ascertained by tha tenor of the writing, and not by looking at a part of it; and if a latent ambiguity arises from the language used, it may be explained by parol. An entry of land in a county which is afterwards divided, does not, after the division, authorise a survey in the original county, if the land falls within the new county.
ERROR to the district court of the United States, for the western district of Virginia.
This was an ejectment brought in the district court of the United States for the western district of Virginia, by the defendants in error, against the plaintiffs in error, for the recovery of eight thousand acres of land in the now county of Lewis, within the said district. The premises in question, are parcel of a large connexion of surveys made together, for Reed and Ford, for Thomas Laidley and John Young, and others-some in the name of one, and som in the namies of others of the owners. The whole connexion of surveys is represented by the connected diagram made out and reported by the surveyor of Harrison county, pursuant to an order made in the cause, and appearing in the record. On that diagram, the premises in question are particularly represented.
The plaintiffs below counted on a number of separate demises from the defendants in error; all of which were stated on the record as having been made by citizens of Pennsylvania, on the 1st of January 1820.
On the trial, the defendants below tendered the following bill of exceptions:
*Upon the trial of this cause, a draft-and report returned by a surveyor in obedience to an order of survey made in this cause, was given in evidence to. the jury, which draft and
VOL. VI.--2 R

SUPREME COURT.
[Boardman and others v. The Lessees of Reed and Ford, et aL]
report are in the words following, viz. (setting out the same). The plaintiff, in order to show the title of the lessors to the land in controversy, represented by. the red lines on said draft, gave in evidence the patent under tvhich they claim, in these words, viz. (setting out the same). This patent is dated the*9th of May 1786. It was issued to Messrs "Reed and Ford," and describes the lands thus: L e. "a certain tract or parcel of land containing eight thousand acres, by survey bearing date the 23d day of December 1784, lying and being in the county of Monongalia, near a large branch of French creek adjoining lands of George Jackson on the south side, and bounded as follows, to wit: beginning at a maple, and running thence S. 10 E. one thousand poles to a poplar; S. 80 W. odle thousand two hundred and eighty poles to a W. oak; N. 10 E. one thousand poles to two white oaks; N. So S. one thousand two hundred and eighty poles to the beginning." The bill of exceptions then states that the plaintiffs, for the purpose of showing the identity of the land in controversy with the land granted by said patent, gave in evidence a iopy of the plat and certificate of survey on which the said'patent is founded, and the plats and certificates of survey of the various other tracts represented on said draft. After the plat and certificates had been given in evidezlce, the copies of the entries on which the said surveys were founded, were also given in evidence.
It appeared from the parol evidence introduced in order to identify the land in controversy, that the same, at the date of the patent under which the lessors claim, and at the date of the said plat and certificate of survey on which the said patent -is founded, was situate in the county of Harrison, and not in the county of Monongalia, as stated in the patent and certificate of survey, but that the said land, at the date of the entry on which the.survey was founded, was in the county of Monongalia, and became part of the county of Harrison by virtue of the act of assembly establishing the county of Harrison. The act of assembly is dated 8th May 1784, and took effect
the 20th of July of the same year. The bill of exceptions further states, that evidence was relied
on, on the part of the defendants, for the purpose of proving that the various marked lines represented by the said draft and report of the surveyor, and claimed by the plaintiff to be lines

TANUARY TERM 1832.
[Boardman and others v. The Lessees of Reed and Ford, et al.]
of the land in controversy, and of various other tracts designated on the said draft, were not actually run or marked as lines of the land in controversy, and of the other tracts aforesaid; but fiad been run and marked by Henry Fink, a deputy surveyor of Monongalia, but who then resided in the county of Harrison, with a view of laying off the greater part of the country represented on said draft into surveys of about one thousand acres each; that he was employed and paid for that purpose, by the persons for whom the said plats and certificates of survey were afterwards made; that after said lines had been so marked and run, the said plats and certificates were made out by protraction; not by the said Henry Fink, but by some other person or persons, not authorised by law; that said plats and certificates of survey were never recorded in the surveyor's office of Mlonongalia county, nor there filed, but were surreptitiously returned to the register's office and patents obtained thereon. It was contended on the part of the defendants, that the marked lines represented on said draft, as lines of the lands in controversy, were not the lines thereof, and that the evidence in the cause did not justify the jury in regarding them as such in preference to other marked lines represented on said draft. Evidence was given on the part of the plaintiffs, that the marked lines aforesaid were actually run, and marked by said Fink as lines of the said eight thousand acres, and of the various other
tracts represented upon said draft; and that plats and certificates of survey were made out by him in conformity with the lines so run and marked, and were byhini delivered to the agent of the patentees, who gave them to the principal surveyor to be recorded, who afterwards delivered the same to the patentees; who returned them to the land office, on which plats aid cet-' tificates, so returned, patents issued, and copies of which are before reeited. It was further contended on the part of the defendant., that the land in controversy was not embraced within the calls of'the patent under which the lessors claim; that the natural objects, lines and.adjacent lands called for in said patent, were not those represented on said draft, in designating therebpon the land in controversy, and that the marked lines represented on said draft as'the lines, of the land in controversy, were, in fact, the lines, not of the plat and certificate of survey on which the plaintiffs'- patent issued, but of other plats. and

SUPREME COURT.
[Boardman and others v. The Lessees of Reed and Foid, et al.]
certificates of survey; and that there are no calls in said patent justifying.the locatihg said patent on the landgin controversy, as contended for by the plaintiffs. For the purpose of identifying the said land in controversy with that granted by the said patent, parol and other evidence was introduced by the plaintiffs, in order to establish several marked treestas corners of other tracts represented on said draft-the boundaries of which tracts, it was contended, tended to establish the identity of the lands in controversy, with that granted by said patent. For the purpose of showing that one of said marked trees was not a corner of one of qaid tracts; thai is to say, was not the corner on the said draft represented by the letter A, as a corner of John Young's four thousand acres: the counsel of the defendants offered to introduce a witness to prove, that on the-trial of a former action of ejeetmeilt, brought by the present lessors of the plaintiff against some of the present defendants, to recover the lands now in controversy, a witness, who is since dead, swore that an ancient marked corner tree was found by hm at said point A, of a different kind of timber from that called for in Young's patent: but the evidence aforesaid was rejected by thp court as inadmissible.
After the evidence had been closed, and the cause had been argued before the jury, the plaintiffs' counsel moved the court to give the following instructions to the jury, to wit: that the grant aforesaid was a conplete appropriation of the land therein described, and vested in the patentee the title; and that any defects in the preliminary steps by which it was acquired, were cured by the emanation of the said patent. The said counsel further moved.the court to instruct. the jury, that the said grant is a title from its date, and is conclusive against all the world, except those deriving title under a previous grant; and further, that it does not affect the validity of the patent, if it should appear that 'the entry on which the plaintiffs' survey was made, contained other or diflbrent lands from that actually surveyed.
After the above instructions had been moved'for by the plaintiffs' counsel, the counsel for the defendants moved the court to give to the jury the following instructions, to wit:
1. The.name of the county being mentioned in the plain" tiffs' patent, as that in which the lands thereby granted were

JANUARY'TERM 1832.

333

[Boardman and others v. The Lessees of Reed and Ford, et al.]
situated, the plaintiff is not at liberty to prove by par-el that
the land was, in fact, in a different county. 2. As the patent states the lands to lie in the county of
Mlonongalia, the patentees and those claiming title under them,
can only recover lands in that county, and cannot, by force of the other terms of description contained in the patent, recover lands lying in the county of Harrison at the date of the pateit.
3. It appearing from the plat and certificate of survey on which the patent is founded, that the survey thereby evidenced
was made in the county of Monongalia, and it appearing, from
the evidence introduced on the part of the plaintiffs to identify the said land, that it was situated, at the time of the survey, in the county of Harrison; the patent is void because the survey was made without lawful authority.
4. If various marked lines are found, corresponding with the same calls in the patent, the mere coincidence of any one of those marked lines with the calls of the patent, does not establish that line as one of the lines called for in the patent.
5. If there are no calls in the patent, justifying the location of the land granted, as contended for by the plaintiffs, they cannot succeed in establishing their claim by relying upon extrinsic evidence.
6. Proof that the land claimed in this action was surveyed for the patentees, by evidence contradicting the calls. of ihe
patent, does not establish the right of the patentees and of those claiming under them to the lands claimed as aforesaid.
7. An entry in a county which is afterwards divided, does not, after fle division, authorise a survey in the original county, if the land falls into the new county.
The parties respectively objected to the instructions moved for. The instructions moved for by the plaintiffs, were given by the court. All those required by the defendants were refused, except the first, which was modified by the court and delivered to the jury in the following terms: cif a land warrant be entered in the office of the surveyor of a particulai county; and before the same be surveyed, the territory in which the land locdted lies, shall be erected into a new county, and the survey and grant afterwards affected, describe the lands to be situated in the former county, the grant is not void, and the plaintiffs may show by parol evidence extrinsic of the grant,

SUPREME COURT.
tlBoardman sa others v. The Lessees of Reed and Ford, et al.]
and not inconsistent with its other descriptive calls, that the land lies within the new county." The exceptions were taken to the rejection of the testimony offered respecting the corner at A, and to the instructions given as moved for by the plaintiffs, and the rejection of those moved for the defendants.
The jury found a verdict for the plaintiffs, for the lands in the declaration mentioned and -described in the plat and report of Thomas Haymond, made in pursuance of an order of court made in the cause. On this verdict, judgment was rendered for the plaintiffs below, defendants in error; and this writ of error is brought to reverse that judgment.
The case was argued by Mr Maxwell for the plaintiffs in error, and by Mr Doddridge for the defendants.
Mr Maxwell declined discussing the first, second and third instructions to the jury in the circuit court, which are stated in the bill of exceptions; the points in the same having been decided by this court, in the case of Stringer v. Young, 3 Peters, 320.
He contended that a patent for land cannot be more than primafacie evidence'of title. Cited 4 Wheat. 77; 1 Munf. 134; 7 Wheat. 2,2; 3 Call, 499. In 11 Wheat. 181, 182 and 381, it is decided that courts may inquire into the authority to make a grant. Cited also, 4 Munf. 310, 141, 143 and 144; 1 Wash. Virginia Reports, 203; 3 Cruise's Dig. 563. A patent is not conclusive evidence of title. 2 Wash. Rep. 106; 6 Munf 234; 2 Dallas, 304.
Fraud in obtaining a patent may be inquired into at law; and there was evidence of this nature in this case. 1 Hen. and Munf. 303; 6 Bac. Ab. li1; 3 Coke's Rep. 77.
As to the fifth instruction, and 'to maintain the principles claimed by the defendants in the circuit court, cited 1 Peters, 221; 5 Munf. 191; 4 Hen. and Munf. 137.
Upon the sixth instruction, the counsel for the plaintiffs in error cited 6 Munf. 531; 3 Munf. 191; 4 Cranch, 62; 7 Cranch, 242. On the seventh instruction, he cited 5 Cranch, 92; 4 Wheat. 466.
The evidence rejected, should have been admitted by the courL It was in relation to boundaries; and courts are very liberal in admitting such evidence. 1 Peters, 496; 2 Wash.

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Boardman and others v. The Lessees of Reed and Ford, et at.]
C. C. Rep. 140; 1 Wash. C. C. Rep. 123; 1 Phil. Ev, 152, 1b9 and 200; 6 Binney, 59; Metcalf's Dig. 140; Beard's Lessee v. Talbot, 1 Cook's Rep. 142; 5 Johns. 544.
To show the evidence as to the corner was admissible, cited 3 Peters, 321; 5 Munf. 191.
M~r Doddridge, for the defendants in error. This case is substantially governed by that of Stringer and others against Young's Lessee, 3 Peters, 320, in this court. The court is referred to the argument in that case, and all the authorities there cited; and more especially to the opinion of this court sustaining, and more than sustaining that argument. In support of the opinion then delivered, the defendants rely upon a statute of Virginia, then unknown to the counsel, which will be found in 12 Henning's St. at large, p. 81. This statute, reciting the facts on whic4 its provisions are founded, confirms all such surveys as the one 'now in question, whether made in Monongalia, Harrison, or Greenbriar counties. The exceptions taken on the trial of this cause, in the court below, do not, in law, differ from those taken in the case decided in 3 Peters, 320. There is, indeed, an attempt to vary them; but this attempt has only succeeded as to form. The court, in this case, on the request of the plaintiff's counsel, instructed the jury, 1. That the grant was a complete appropriation; and vested in the patentee a title; and any defects in the preliminary steps by which it was acquired, are cured by its emanation. 2. That such grant is a title from its date, and is conclusive against all the world, except those claiming title under a previous grant. And 3. That it does not affect the validity of the grant, if it should appear that the land surveyed was not the same that was entered. The first of these instructions, contains a proposition which was not only settled in the case of Stringer v. Young's Lessee, and the cases there cited; but is one which has so long been the settled rule of this court, and the courts of Virginia and Kentucky, as to have become a rule of property, which the judiciary are bound by, and cannot overturn. As to the second and third numbers of the instructions, each of them is a plain sequitur from the first and but an elabora-

SUPREME COURT.
[Boardman and others v. The Lessees of Reed and Ford, et al.]
tion of it, and certainly requires no elucidation. There is, therefore, no error in the instructions asked by the plaintiffs below.
As the counsel for the plaintiffs admit, that the decision of this court4 in Stringer's Lessee v. Young, 3 Peters, 320, has settled the law upon the questions presented by some of the instructions, it is not considered necessary to discuss the matters contained in them.
The sixth instruction required the judge to say, in substance, that in the case then depending, the plaintiff could not identify his lands as being in Harrison county, by testimony contradicting the calls of the patent. This is its plain meaning; and what is the answer? The plaintiff may so identify his lands by parol evidence, contradicting the grant as to the name of the county, but not inconsistent with its other descriptive calls; and that this evidence may, and must be extrinsic of the grant.
Seventh. The question here propounded was one foreign to the matter in hearing; and was, therefore, an abstraction which a judge, in the trial of an ejectment, was not bound to answer. This question would be proper and important on the trial of a cause to prevent the emanation of a grant. A direct answer could not aid, but might mislead the jury. When the rule of property was settled, that at law you cannot go behind the grant; that a grant is a title from its date: when, whatever may have been, at the time, the legal character of the survey in question, there was one express statute confirming it,-of what avail could the inquiry be, whether, upon the divi-
sion of a county in 1785, the surveyor could go on and execute surveys upon entries made with him before the division, anterior to the year 1788, when the law passed, requiring such entries to be certified to the surveyor of the new county? An inquiry whethei the warrant was lodged with the surveyor, as his authority for making the entry, would have been precisely as important. The answer given by the judge, that a grant founded on such a survey was not void at law, jf the party could identify the land; was all that the question wanted.
If the fourth instruction is to be considered by itself, and unexplained by the 6vidence set forth in the bill of exceptions, it is either a mere abstract proposition, or.it is not. If the former, the court was not bound to answer it: if the latter, the court

JANUARY TERM 1832.
(Boardman and others v. The Lessees of Reed and Ford, et al.]
was bound to overrule it; that is, was bound to refuse to give it; so that in refusing to give it, the court committed no error.
The counsel did not ask the judge to say that in the-case put by him, the coincidence described conclusively established the line. Had that been the question, and had it been a proper question growing out of the case as it stood at the time when propounded, it is admitted that the answer should have been in the negative. The conclusion of fact resulting from the coincidence described, would be but a presumption; which, however strong, might be repelled by evidence. The record does not show that any evidence was offered or intended to be offered, to repel that presumption. The naked question, then, which was propounded was this: when various lines are found marked on the ground, corresponding with the lines called for in the grant, does this coincidence in the case of one of those lines, establish it? The answer shouldhave been in the affirmative, if given at all; and by refusing to give the instruction asked in this particular, it was properly overruled.
If this view of the matter is not right, permission is asked to run out the opposite position to its consequenccs. Suppose the grant to call for an hundred lines, each of which it describes as commencing at a particular corner, and running a given course and distance to another; and suppose that an hundred lines, marked and bounded as called for in the grant, are found on the ground: then, if under such circumstances (the other lines being called for, and found as described), the coincidence spoken of in the case of any one of them, does not establish that particulaf one; then no one of the lines is established.
After the death of the surveyor, and of all those who were present at making a survey, its identity could never be established. The very diagram, however, intricate, and by however great a number of lines and corners contained, may be found on the ground; and yet, this universal agreement will not prove the whole survey; because, according to the exception, the presumption arising from it, if applied distributively to each part, does not establish that part.
Fifth. This, too, is, if unconnected with the evidence set out, an unqualified abstraction, and, as applicable to the case, perfectly incomprehensible. By such questions as that pro-
VOL. VI.-02 S

SUPREME COURT.
[Boardman and others v. The Lessees of Reed and Ford, et al.]
pounded, a judge might be compelled to outstrip, in his opinions, Blackstone's Commentaries, or any other book. There could be no end to a trial. If a judge was bound to answer this question as an abstract one, there is not a position or principle growing out of the Virginia land law of 1779, either as practised on in Virginia or Kentucky, on which a judge might not be called on to charge a jury. But if this question be considered with reference to the evidence stated in the bill of exceptions, a more useless, inoperative, and therefore inadmissible one, could not be suggested.
The principal evidence in the case was the report of the surveyor, made under an order of court in the cause. By this report it appeared, that the land in question was a tract of eight thousand acres, being part of a large connexion of surveys containing together between fifty and one hundred thousand acres of land, divided into several distinct surveys, and so patented; the whole constituting one body of land, mostly owned by the same individuals, though patented in different names.
This body of land, the surveyor's report shows to be contained in a general diagram, having one straight line for its northern boundary, and another parallel thereto for its southern boundary. The eastern boundary composed of two lines, varying a few degrees in their departure, and the western boundary of two lines, respectively parallel with the latter.
The report shows, that the survey in the name of John Young, the subject of the case of Springer against Young's Lessee, lies in the north-east corner of this connexion; and that it calls for a white oak at the north-east corner.
The report further shows, that the surveyor found this corner standing, marked and cornered in the proper direction, and of the proper age; that he found, in like manner, the whole northern front marked, and its western termination bounded as called for in the respective grants, with parts of the western and southern, and all the eastern. boundaries, and'more than half tie interior works. This being the official evidence in the cause contained in the surveyor's report, shown on his diagram and explained by his notes, what could have been the real meaning and intention of the fifth instruction, moved by the defendant's counsel ?
But there is yet another question raised by the bill of ex-

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Boardman and others v. The Lessees of Reed and Ford, et al.]
ceptions which deserves attention. On a former trial of an ejeetment for the same lands, on the demise of the same lessors and against some of the present defendants, a witness, since dead, swore that at a corner at the point A, on the diagram, being the north-east corner of the whole diagram and of Young's survey, an ancient marked tree was found by him of a different kind of timber from that called for in Young's patent. This testimony was rejected by the court.
Young's patent calls for a white oak corner tree at A., from which it calls for a course nearly west to the south-west cort ner, and also for a course nearly 5outh to the south-east corner of his survey, each of which produced constitutes a northern and eastern boundary of the whole tract.
The surveyor reported that he found the white oak corner at A standing, with the proper corner marks pointing west and south, and of the proper date; the lines proceeding from it also of the proper date, and terminating each at the corner trees called for, and -these also properly marked and of the proper date. The surveyor, therefore, found the corner at A called for at A, the north-east corner of Young's patent, and of the whole diagram.
With this explanation in view, let us look at the testimony offered. This testimony was not that of a witness to prove a boundary by general reputation, nor by particular reputation, a general question of boundary-of parcel or not parcel, not even the deceased witness's knowledge derivel from his personal presence at making it, or from the possession, occupation, use or declaratibns of others; but a separate, independent, and wholly immaterial fact, viz. that at 'A,' and he does not state when, nor whether by accident, private mark, or on the execution of an official survey, he saw an ancient marked tree of a different kind of timber. He does not state what that timber was, nor how marked; whether as a corner to the survey in question, or to some other survey; or whether it may not have been marked as a pointer to A.
It is to be remarked that this testimony is not offered to contradict the report of the surveyor, that the white oak at A is now standing, and therefore it is not offered for any legitimate purpose. It was not pretended that it could have any tendency to explain or contradict the fact, that the white oak

SUPREME COURT.
[Boardziian and othets v. The Lessees of Reed and Ford, et al.]
corner at A is still existing, and the- object of our senses. This testimony, therefore, could only tend to confound.
Besides all this, the rules by which testimony could be received, as laid down in Starlie on Evidence, 1 Vol. 279, 280, would be set at nought.
The court is respectfully asked to say, whether it is not a settled rule that the verdict rendered on the trial 4f one ejectment, cannot be received as evidence on the trial of another? If it is not so settled as to the judgment?
We know this to be the case, and the reason determines the present question. The lease, entry, and ouster are not the same, and therefore what is done, found, or adjudged on one trial can have no influence on another. All this is certain; and if the verdict rendered in one ejeetment for the same land, between the same lessor and the same defendants, sanctioned by judgment, cannot be evidence in a second; how can a parcel of the evidence inducing that verdict be received? But her6 the parties are not in fact the same.
Mr Justice M'LEA delivered the opinion of the Court. .An action of ejeetment was brought by M'Call and others against Boardman and others, in the district court of the United States for the western district of Virginia, to recover eight thousand acres of land. On the trial, certain exceptions were taken to points adjudged by the court in behalf of the plaintiffs, and against the defendants; and these points are now brought before this court by writ of error. The first exception" taken by the plaintiffs in error, is found in the following statement in the bill of exceptions. "For the purpose of showing that one of said marked trees was not a corner of one of said tracts, that is to say, was not the corner represented on the said draught by the letter A as a corner of John Young's four thousand acres, the defendants' counsel offered to introduce a witness to prove that on the trial of a former action of ejeetment, brought by the present lessors of the plaintiffs, against some of the defendants in the present action, to recover the, land now in controversy; a witnesN examined on that trial, who is since dead, swore that an anciently marked corner tree was found by him at said point A of a different kind of timber from that called fdr in Young's patent:

JANUARY TERM 1&39.
[Boardman and others v. The Lessees of Reed and Ford, et al.)
but the evidence, as offered, was rejected by the court as in-
admissible." No part of the survey of Young is involved in the present
controversy; and with several other surveys, it was only laid down by the surveyor, as by showing certain connexions, it might conduce to identify the land claimed by the plaintiffs.
As the testimony of the witness referred to was not given between the same parties, his statement, if admissible, coul& only be received as hearsay.
That boundaries may be proved by hearsay testimony, is a rule well settled; and the necessity or propriety of which is not now questioned. Some difference of opinion may exist as to the application of this rule, but there can be none as to its legal force.
Land marks are frequently formed of perishable' rhaterials, which pass away with the generation in which they were made. By the improvement of the country, and from other causes, they are often destroyed. It is therefore important, in many cases, that hearsay or reputation should be received to establish ancient boundaries: but such testimony must be pertinent, and material to the issue between the parties. If it have no relation to the subject, or if it refer to a fact which is immaterial to the point of inquiry, it ought not to be adroitted.
In the present case, the plaintiffs supposed, that by exhibiting the plat of Young's survey in connexion with others, it might tend, in some degree, to identify the land claimed by them; and the corner designated on the plat by the letter A is one of the corners of Young's survey. The official return of the surveyor, in which the corner trees were specified and the lines with which the corner is connected were laid down, being before the jury, was relied on by the plaintiffs to establish this as the cornercalled for in Young's survey.
The hearsay testimony was offered, not to contradict any fact stated in the return of the surveyor, but to provd.that on a certain occasion, a person, in his lifetime, but deceased at.the trial, had said that he found an anciently marked corner tree at the point A of a different kind of timber from that called for in Young's patent. This individual did not say that he was acquainted with the lines claimed as Young's survey, nor that thi was his corner.

SUPREME COURT.
[Boardman and others v. The Lesees of Reed and Ford, etal.]
If the fact as to this tree had been admitted, what effect
could it have had in the cause. It did not disprove a single fact relied 6n to establish the corner. How near this tree stood to the trees f5ind by the surveyor, does aot appear. It may have been marked as pointing to the corr as is often done by surveyors; or it may have been a corner to an adjoining or conflicting survey. The existence of this marked tree may be accounted for in various ways; and its existence is in no respect, so far as appears from the bill of exceptions, incompatible with the facts proved by the plaintiffs. How theh can the fact be considered as material. It sheds no light on the matter in controversy. Disconnected as the mere fact of a marked tree not called for in Young's patent at the point A seems to have been with the testimony in the cause; it is not perceived how it could have tended to influence the verdict of the jury. From the isolated fact, the jury could have drawn no inferences against th - facts proved by the plaintiffs. There was, threfore, no error in the rejection of the evidence
offered. The court instructed thejury that the grant to the plaintiffs,
whichfwas given in evidence, was a complete appropriation of the land therein described, and vested in the patentee the title; and that any defects in the preliminary steps by which it was acquired, were cured by the grant."
There can be no doubt of the correctness of this instruction. This court have repeatedly decided, that at law, no facts behind the patent can be investigated. A court of law has concurrent jurisdiction with a court of equity in matters of fraud; but the defects in an entry or survey cannot be taken advantage of at law. The.patent appropriates th&land, and gives the legal title to the patentee. The district court said nothing more than this; and it was justified in giving the instruction by the uniform decisions of this court.
Titles acquired tinder sales for taxes, depend upon different principles; and these are the titles-o which some of the authorities cited in the argument refer. Where an individual claim' land under a tax sale, he,must show that the substantial requisites of the law have been observed; but this is never necessary whenthe claim rests on a patent from the commonwealth. The preliminary steps may-be investigated in chancery, where

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Boardman and others v. The Lessees of Reed and Ford, et a|.1
an elder equitable right is isserted; but this cannot be done at law.
At the reauest of the plaintiffs, the court also instructed the jury, "that a grant is a title from its date, and conclusive against all claimants whose rights are not derived under a previous grant to that of the lessors of the plaintiffs;" "and that it does not affect the validity of said grant, if it appears that the entry, on which the survey upon which the grant purports to have been issued, contained other or different land from that actually surveyed." This instruction involves the same principle as the one which precedes it: If the grant appropriate the land, it is only necessary for the person who claims under it to identify the land called for.
Whether the entry was made in legal form, or the survey was executed agreeably to the calls of the entry, is not a matter Which can be examined at law. Had the defendants relied on the statute of limitations, this instruction would have been erroneous; but no such defence was set up by them.
The defendants' counsel requested the court to give the following instructions:
1. "The name of the county being mentioned in the aforesaid patent, as that in which the land thereby granted was situated, the plaintiffs are not at liberty to prove by parol that the land lies in a different county."
2. "As the said patent states the land granted to lie-in the county of Monongalia, the patentees, and those deriving title from them, can only recover land in that county; and cannot, by force of the other terms of description used in the patent, recover land in the county of Harrison at the date of the patent."
3. " It appearing from said plat and certificate of survey, vupon wh;ch the patent is founded, that the survey was made in the county of Monongalia, and it appearing from the evidence introduced on the part of the plaintiffs to identify the land, that it did lie, at the time of the survey, in the county of Harrison; the patent is void, because the survey was made
without authority." 4. "If various.marked lines are found corresponding with
the same call of the patent, the mere coincidence of any one

SUPREME COURT.
tBoardman and others v. TheLeaseas of Reed and Ford, et al.]
of -those marked lines with the call of- the patent, does not establish that line, as a line called for in the patent"
The points raised by these instructions, having been substantially decided by this court in the case of Stringer's Lessee v- Young, 3 Peters, 320, they are abandoned by the counsel far th6 plaintiffs in error. In that case, these questions were 'fully investigated, and they need not be again examined.
The following instructions were also requested of the court by the defendants' counsel, and refused.
5. "If there are no calls in the patent justifying the location of' the land granted, as contended for by the plaintiffs, they rannot succeed in establishing their claim, by relyifig on extrinsic evidence."
This instruction was refused, and this court think rightfully. It asked the court below to presume against the facts in the case, and to found an instruction upon the presumption thus raised. The calls of the 'patent, and the official survey and report of the surveyor were before the jury. By these it appears,'that corner trees were called for, and the land was stated to lie near a large branch of French Creek, and, to adjoin lands of George Jackson on the south. The course and distance from corner to corner were also laid down on the plat, and the trees called for as corners. Was the district court, then, bound, in opposition to these facts, to instruct the jury; hypothetically, that "if there were no calls in the said patent, justifying the location of the land granted," &c. There were' such cAlls in the patent, and it was -in evidence before the jury; any in-
atruction, thereforehypothecated on the absence of such calls, could only tend to confuse or mislead the jury, and the court committed no error in refusing it.
Where, from the evidence, the existence of certain facts may be doubfful, either from want of certainty in the proof, or by reason of conflictii evidence, a court may be called to give instructions, in reference to a supposed state of facts. But this a court is never bound to do, where he facts are clear and uhcontradicted.
6. "Proof that the land claimed in this action was surveyed for the patentees, by evidence contradicting the calls of the patent, does not establish the right of the patentees, and of those claiming under them."

JANUARY TERM 1832.
EBoardman and others v. The Lessees of Reed and Ford, et a].]
This instruction, taken as an abstract proposition, may be true; and yet the court did not err in refusing to give it. The' contradiction supposed was in the admission of proof that the land covered by the patent is in the county of Harrison, when the patent calls for it to lie in the county bf Monongalia.
That certain calls in a patent may be explained or controlled by other calls wag settled, and in reference to this very point, by this court, in the case of Stringer's Lessee v. Young, before referred to. If the point had not been so adjudged, it would be too clear, on general principles, to admit of serious doubt.
The entire description in the patent must be taken, and the identity of the land ascertained, by a reasonable construction of the language used. If there be a repugnant call, which by the other calls in the patent clearly appears to have bein made through mistake, that does not make void the patent. But if the land granted be so inaccurately described as to render its identity wholly uncertain, it is admitted that the grant is void. This, however, was not the case of the patent under consideration. Its calls are specific, and, taking them all together, no doubt can exist as to the land appropriated by it. The call for the county may be explained, either by showing that it was made through mistake, or that, under the circumstances which existed at the time Qf the survey, it was not inconsistent with the other calls of the phtent.
This would not be going behind the patent to establish it, for its calls fully identify the laud granted; but to explain an ambiguity or doubt which arises from a certain call in the patent. This principle applies, under some circumstances, to the construction of all written instruments. The meaning of the parties must be ascertained by the tenor of the writing, and not by looking at a part of it; and if a latent ambiguity arise from the language used, it may be explained by parol.
7. "An entry in a countywhich is afterwardfdivided, does
not, after the division, authorise a survey in the original county, if the land falls in the new county. -?
If this instruction laid down the law correctly, yet it does not show that the plaintiffs below had no legal right to recover. The poin ,vised by it is behind the patent; and that, as before stated, cannot be investigated in an action of eieetment. To
VOL. VI.-2 T

SUPREM39 COURT.
rBoardman and otbers v. The Lessees of Reed and Ford, et a].]
entitle the plaintiffs to a recovery in the action of ejectment, they had nothing to do but to identify the land called for in their patent. This being done, it is not competent for the defendants, by way of invalidating the plaintiffs' legal right, to .show irregularity in the entry or survey on which the patent was issued. In the case of Stringer's Lessee v. Young, the entry and survey were made as stated in this instruction, and yet this court sustained the patent.
The court below, it seems, did instruct the jury, that "if a land.warrant be entered in the office of the surveyor of a particular county, and, before the same be surveyed, the territory in which the land located lies shall be erected into a new county, and the survey and grant afterwards effected describe the lands to be situated in the former county, the grant is not void; and the plaintiffs may show by parol evidence, extrinsic of the grant, and not inconsistent with' its other descriptive calls, that the land lies within the new county."
This instruction is sustained substantially in the principles laid down by this court, in the case above cited. There are, indeed, very few points raised in this cause, which were not ,decided in the case of Stringer's Lessee v. Young. The questions in that cause arose under Young's patent; which was issued under precisely the same circumstances as the one under which the plaintiffs claim.
But if this point had not been settled in the case referred to, all doubt-would be removed by a reference to an act of the Virginia legislature, passed in 1785, entitled an "act concerning the location of certain warrants upon waste and unappropriated lands in,the counties of Greenbriar, Harrison and Monongalia."2
In this act it is provided, by the third *section, "that all surveys heretofore made in either of the aforesaid counties, by virtue of the first location, shall be good and valid; any act to the contrary notwithstanding."
In the bill of exceptions it is stated, that evidence was relied on by the defendants, to "4prove that the various marked' lines, represented by the draught and report of the surveyor, and claimed-bythe plaintiffs to belines of the land in controversy, and of various other tracts designated on the draughtwere not actually run or marked as lines of the land in controversy,iand

JANUARY TERM 1832.
'Botrdmtnand others v. The Lessees of Reed and Ford, et a].]
of the other tracts laid down, but had been run and marked by Henry Fink, a deputy surveyor of Monongalia, who then resided in the county of Harrison, with the view of laying off the greater part of the country represented on the plat int6 surveys of about one thousand acres each; and that he was employed and paid for that purpose by the persons for whom the said plats and certificates of survey were afterwards made; that after the said lines had been so marked and seen, the said plats and certificates were made out by protraction; not 'by the said Henry Fink, but by some other person or persons not authorised by law; that said plats and certificates of suitvey were never recorded in the surveyor's office of Monongalia county, nor there filed; but were surreptitiously returned to the register's office and patents obtained thereon."
It does not appear from the bill of exceptions, that any evidence was offered by the defendants which was rejected by the court, to sustain this allegation.of fraud. :Nor does it appear that any specific instructions were asked of the court on any evidence before the jury, conducing to prove the facts here alleged. The statement can: only be understood to refer to the course of argument which the defendants' counsel in the court below deemed it their duty to pursue, before the jury; and which forms no part of the case now before the court. * Other parts of the bill of exceptions contain a statement of various grounds taken in the defence below; but as no instructions to the jury were requested on the points thus made, they form no ground for a revision of the proceedings by a writ of error.
On a careful consideration of the points made in'the bill of exceptions, this court are opinion that there is no error in the judgment of the court below; and that the judgment must, therefore, be affirmed, with costs.

JANUARY TERM 1832,
THE PRESIDENT, RECORDER AND TnuSTEES O THE CITY O CINCINNATI, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR V. THE LESSEE OF EDWARD WHITE, DEFENDANT IN ERROR.
The equitable owners of a tract of land on the river Ohio (the legal title to which was granted to John Cleves Symmes, from whom they had purchased the land before the emanation of the patent from theUnited States) proceeded in January 1789 to lay out on part of the ?aid tract a town, now the city of Cincinnati. A plan was made and approved of by all the eqtitable proprietors, and accordlug towliich the ground lying between Front street and the river was set apart as a common, for the use and benefit of the town forever, reserving only the right of a ferry; and no lots were laid out on the land thus dedicated as a common. Afierwards, the legal title to the lands became vested in the piaintitf in this ejectment, Who, under the same, sought to recovdr the premises so dedicated to public uses. Held: that the right of the public to use the common In Cincinnati must rest on the same principles as the right to use the streets; and that the dedication made when the town was laid out, gave a valid and indefeasible title to the city of Cincinnati.
Dedications of land for public purposes have frequently come under the conside. ration of this court, and the objections which have been raised against their ialidity, have been, the want of a grantee competent to take the title; apply. ing to them the same rule which prevails in private grants, that there must be a grantee as well as a grantor. But that is not the light in which this court has considered such dedications for public use. The law applies to them rules adapted to the nature and circumstances of the 'case, and to carry into execution the intention and object of the grantor, and secure to the public the benefit held out and expected to be derived from and enjoyed by the dedication.
There is no particular form or ceremony necessary in the dedication of land to public use. All that is required is the assent of he owner of the land, and the fact of its being used for the public purposes intended by the appropriation.
Although the dedications of land for charitable and religious purposes, which It i; admitted are valid without any grantee to'4 hom the fee could be conveyed, are the cases which most frequently occur, and are to be found in the books; It is not perceived how any well grounded distinction can be made between such cases, and the case of a dedication of land for the use of the city of Cincinnati. The same necessity exists in the one case as in the other, for the purpose of effecting the object intended. The principle, if well founded in the law, must have a general application to all appropriations and dedications for public uses, when there is no grantee in esse to take the fee. But this forms an exception to the rule applicable to private grants, and grows out of the necessity of the case.
In this class of cases there may be instances where, contrary to the general rule, a fee may remain in abeyance until there is a grantee capable of taking, when the object and purpose of the appropriation look to a future grantee in which the fee is to vest. But the validity of the dedication does not depend on this: It will preclude the party making the appropriation from re-asserting any right

SUPREME COURT.
[City of Cincinnati v. The Lessee of White.]
over the land; at all events, so long as it remains in public use, although there may never arise any grantee capable of taking the fee. The doctrine of the law relative to the appropriation of land for public highways, was applied to a public spring of water for public use in the case of M'Connellv. The Trustees of the Town of Lexington, 12 Wheat. 582. All public dedications must be considered with reference to the use for which they are made; and streets in a town or city may require a more enlarged use of the land, it order to carry into effect the purposes intended, than may be necessary in an appropriation for a highway in the country. But the principle, so far as respects the right of the original owner to disturb the use, must rest on the same ground in both cases; and applies equally to the dedication of the common as to the streets. This was for the public use, and the convenience and accommodation of the inhabitants of Cincinnati; and doubtless greatly enhanced the value of the private property adjoining this common, and thereby compensated the owfiers for the land thus thrown out as public ground. And afier being thus set apart for public use, and enjoyed as such, and private and individual rights acquired with reference to it, the law considers it in the nature of an estoppel in pais, which precludes the original owner from revoking such dedication. It is a violation of good faith to the public, and to those who have acquired.private property with a view to the erijoyment of the use thuspublicly granted If the mere naked fee is in the plaintiff in ejectment,it byno means follows that he is entitled to recover possession of the land in his action. The action of ejectment is a possessory action, and the plaintiff, to entitle himself to recover, must hasie the right of possession; and whatever takes away this right of possession, will deprive'him of the remedy by ejeotment.
THIS was a writ of error, to the circuit court of the district of Ohio.
The case came before the court on a bill of exceptioas, taken by the plaintiffis in error, the defendants in the circuit court, to the instructions given by the court to the jury on the request of the counsel for the plaintiffs in that court; and to the refusal of the court to give certain instructions as prayed for by the defendants below.
In the opinion of the court no decision is given on those exceptions, save only on that which presented the question of the dedication of the land in controversy for the use of the city of Cincinnati; which, and the facts of the case connected therewith, are fully stated in the opinion of the court. The arguments of the counsel' in the case, on' the matters of law presented by the exceptions, are therefore necessarily omitted.
The case was argued by Mr Storer and M; Webster, for the plaintiffs in error; and by Mr Ewing and Mr Clay, for the. defendants.

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[City of Cincinnati v. The Lessee of Wbite.]
Mr Justice THoMpsoN delivered the opinion of the Court. The ejectment in this case was brought by Edward White, who is also the defendant in error, to recover possession of a small lot of ground in the city of Cincinnati, lying in that part of the city usually denominated the Common. To a right understanding of the question upon which the opiniono f the court rests, it will be sufficient to state generally, that on the 15th of October in the year 1788, John Cleves Symmes entered into a contract with the then board of treasury, under the direction of congress, for the 'purchase of a large tract of land, then a wilderness, including that where the city of Cincinnati now stands. Some negotiations relative to the payments for the land delayed the consummation of the contract for several years. But on the 30th of September 1794, a patent was issued conveying to Symmes and his associates, the land contracted for; and as Symmes was the only person named in the patent, the fee was of course vested in him. Before the issuing of the patent, however, and, as the witnesses say, in the year 1788, Mathias Denman purchased of Symmes a part of the tract included in the patent, and embracing the land whereon Cincinnati now stands. That in the same year, Denman sold one-third of his purchase to Irael Ludlow, and one-third to Robert Patterson. These three persons, Denman, Ludlow and Patterson, being the equitable owners of the land (no legal title having been granted), proceeded in January 1789 to lay out the town. A plan was made and approved of by all the proprietors; and according to which the ground lying between Front street and the river, and so located as to include the premises in question, was set apart as a common, for the use and benefit of the town for ever, reserving only the right of a ferry; and no lots were laid-out on the land thus dedicated as a common. The lessor of the plaintiff made title to the premises in question under Mathias Denman, and produced in evidence a copy, duly authenticated, of the location of the fraction 17 from the books of John C. Symmes to Mathias Denman, as follows: "1791, April 4, Captain Israel Ludlow, in behalf of Mr Mathias Denman of New Jersey, presents for entry and location a warrant for one fraction of a section, or one hundred and seven acres and eight-tenths of an acre of land, by virtue of
VOL. VI.-3 E

434

SUPREME COURT.

[City of Cincinnati Y. The Lessee of Whe.]
which he locates the seventeenth tractional section in the fourth fractional township, east of the Great Miami river, in the first fractional range of townships on the Ohio river; number of the warrant 192." In March 1795, Denman conveyed his interest, which was only an equitable interest, in the lands so located-to Joel Williams; and on the 14th of February 1800 John Cleves Symmes conveyed to Joel Williams infee, certain lands described in the deed which included the premises in question; and on the 16th of April 1800, Joel Williams conveyed to John Daily the lot now in questiol. And the lessor of the plaintiff, by suidry mesne conveyances, deduces a title to the premises to himself.
In the course of the trial several exceptions were taken to the ruling of the court, with respect to the evidence offered on the part of the plaintiff in making out his claim of title. But in the view which the court has taken of what may be con-
sidered the substantial merits of the case, it becomes unnecessary to notice those exceptions.
The merits of the case will properly arise upon one of the instructions given by the court, as askcd by the plaintiff; and in refusing to give one of the instructions asked on the part of the defendant. At the request of the plaintiff, the court instructed the jury, "that to enable the city to hold this ground and defend themselves in this actioln by possession, they must show an unequivocal, uninterrupted possession for at least
twenty years."
On the part of the defendants, the court was asked to instruct the jury, "that it was competent for the original proprietors of the town of Cincinnati to reserve and dedicate any part of said town to public uses, without granting the same by writing or deed to any particular person; by which reservation and dedication the whole estate of the said proprietors in said land, thus reserved and dedicated, became the property of, and was
vested in the public, for the purposes intended by the said proprietors; and that, by such dedication and reservation, the said original proprietors, and all persons claiming under them, are estopped from asserting any claim or right to the said land thus reserved and dedicated." The court refused to give the instruction as asked, but gave the following instruction:
"That it was competent for the original proprietors of the

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[01y of Cichmati "v.The Lessee of White.]
town of Cincinnati to reserve and dedicate any part of said town to public uses, without granting the same by writing or deed to any particular persofi; by which reservation and dedication the right of we to such part, is vested in the public for the purposes designated; but that such reservation and dedication do not invest the public with the fee."
The ruling of the court to be collected from these instructions was, that although there might be a parol reservation and dedication to the public of the tme of lands; yet such reserva-
tion and dedication did not invest the public with the fee; and that a possession and enjoyment of the use for less than twenty years, was not a defence in this action.
The decision and direction of the circuit court upon those points, come up on a writ of error to this court.
It is proper in the first place to observe, that although the land which is in dispute, and a part of which is the lot now in question, has been spoken of by the witness s as having been set apart by the proprietors as a common, we are not to understand the term as used by them in its strict legal sense; as being a right or profit which one man may have in the lands of another; but in its popular sense, as a piece of ground left open for common and public use, for the convenience and ac-
commodation of the inhabitants bf the town. Dedications of land for public purposes have frequently come
under the consideration of this court; and the objections which have generally been raised against their validity have been the want of a grantee competent to take the title; applying to them the rule which prevails in private grants, that there must be a grantee as well as a grantor. But that is not the light in which this court has considered such dedications for public use. The law applies to them rules adapted to the nature and circumstances of the case, and to carry into execution the intention and object of the grantor; and secure to the public the benefit held out, and expected to be derived from, and enjoyed .by the dedication.
It was admitted at the bar, that dedications of land for charitable and religious purposes, and for public highways, were valid, without any grantee to whom the fee could be conveyed. Although such ore the cases which most frequently occur and are to be found in the books, it is not perceived how any well

SUPREME COURT.
[City of Cincinnad v. The Lessee of White ]
grounded distinction can be made between such cases and the present. The same necessity exists in the one case as in the other, for the purpose of effecting the object intended. The principle, if well founded in the law, must have a general application to all appropriations and dedications for public use, where there is no grantee in esse to take the fee. But this forms an exception to the rule applicable to private grants, and grows out of the necessity of the case. In this class of cases there may be instances, contrary to the general rule, where the fee may remain in abeyance until there is a grantee capable of taking; where the object and purpose of the appropriation look to a future grantee in whom the fee is to vest. But the validity of the dedication does not depend on this; it will preclude the party making the appropriation from reasserting any right over the land; at all events so long as it remains in public use: although there may never arise any grantee capable of taking the fee.
The recent ease of Beatty v. Kurts,'2 Peters, 256, in thio court, is somewhat analogous to the present. There a lot of ground had been marked out upon the original plan of an addition to Georgetown, "for the Lutheran Church," and had been used as a place of burial from the time of the dedication. There was not, however, at the time of the appropriation, or at any time afterwards, any incorporated Lutheran church capable of taking the donation.
The case turned upbn the question, whether the title to the lot ever passed from Charles Beatty, so far as to amount to a perpetual appropriation of it to the use of the Lutheran church. That was a parol dedication only, and designated on the plan of the town. The principal objection relied upon was, that there was no grantee capable of taking the grant. But the court sustained the donation, on the ground that it was a dedication of the lot to public and pious uses; adopting the principle that had been laid down in the case of the Town of Pawlet v. Clark, 9 Cranch, 292, that appropriations of this description were exceptions to the general rule requiring a grantee. That it was like a dedication of a highway to the public. This last remark shows that the case did not turn upon the bill of rights of Maryland, or the statute of Elizabeth relating to charitable uses, but rested upon more general prin-

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[City of Cincinnati v. The Lessee of White.]
ciples; as is evident from what fell from the court in the case of the Town of Pawlet v. Clark, which was a dedication to religious uses; yet the court said this was not a novel doctrine in the common law. In the familiar case where a man lays out a street or public highway over his land, there is, strictly speaking, no grantee of the easement, but it takes effect by way of grant or dedication to public uses. And in support of the principle, the case of Lade v. Shepherd, 2 Stra. 1004, was referred to; which was an action of trespass, and the place where the supposed trespass was committed, was formerly the property of the plaintiff, who had laid out a street upon it, which had continued thereafter to be used as a public highway.; and it was insisted on the part of the defendant, that by the plaintiff's making a street, it was a dedication of it to the pub; lie, and that although he, the defendant, might be liable for a nuisance, the plaintiff could not sue him for a trespass. But the court said, it is certainly a dedication to the public, so far as the public has occasion for it, which is only for a right of passage; but it never was understood to be a transfer of his absolute property in the soil.
The doctrine necessarily growing out of that case, has a strong bearing upon the one now before the court, in two points of viewr. It shows, in the first place, that.no deed or writing was necessary to constitute a valid dedication of the easement. All that was done, from any thing that appears in the case, was barely laying out the street by the owner, across his land. And in the second place, that it is not necessary that the fee of the land should pass, in order to secure the easement to the public. And this must necessarily be so from the nature of the case, in the dedication of all public highways. There is no grantee to take immediately, nor is any one contemplated by the party to take the fee at any future day. No grant or conveyance can be necessary to pass the fee out of the owner of the land, and let it remain in abeyance until a grantee phall come in esse; and indeed the case referred to in Strange considers the fee as remaining in the original owner; otherwise he
could sustain no action for a private injury to the soil, he having transferred to the public the actual possession.
If this is the doctrine of the law applicable to highways, it must appTy with equal force, and in all its parts,*to all dedica-

SUPREME COURT.
[City of Cincinnati v. The Lessee of White.]
tions of land to public uses; and it was so applied by this court to the reservation of a public spring of water for public use, in the case of M'Connell v. The Trustees of the Town of Lexington, 12 Wheat. 582. The court said; the reasonableness of reserving a public spring for public use, the concurrent opinion of all the settlers that it was so reserved, the universal admission of all that it was never understood that the spring lot was drawn by any person, and the early appropriation of it to public purposes; were decisive against the claim.
The tight of the public to the use of the common in Cincinnati, must rest on the same principles as the right to the use of the streets. and no one will contend, that the original owners, after having laid out streets, and sold building lots thereon, and improvements made, could claim the easement thus dedicated, to the public.
All public dedications must be considered with reference to the use for which they are made; and streets in a town or city may require a more enlarged right over the use of the land, in order to carry into effect the purposes intended, than may be necessary in an appropriation for a highway in the country; bnt the principle, so far as respects the right of the original owner to disturb the use, must rest on the same ground in both cases; and applies equally to the dedication of the common as to the streets. It was for the public use, and the convenience and accommodation of the inhabitants of Cincinnati; and doubtless greatly enhanced the value of the private property adjoining this common, and !*ereby compensated the owners for the land thus thrown out as public grounds.
And after being thus set apart for public use, and enjoyed as such, and private and individual rights acquired with reference to it, the law considers it in the nature of an estoppel in pais, which precludes the original owner from revoking such dedication. It is a violation of good faith to the public, and to those who have acquired private property with a view to the enjoyment of the use thus publicly granted.
The right of the public in such cases does not depend upon a twenty years' possession. Such a doctrine, applied to public highways and the streets of the numerous villages and cities that are so rapidly springing up in every part of our country, would be destructive of public co. 'enience and pr~ate right.

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[City of'Cincinnati v. The Lessee of White.]
The case of Jarvis v. Dean, 3 Bingham, 447, shows that rights of this description do not rest upon length of possession. The plaintiff's right to recover in that case, turned upon the question whether a certain street in the parish of Islington had been dedicated to the public as a common public highway. Chief Justice Best, upon the trial, told the jury that if they thought the street had been used for years as a public thoroughfare, with the 'assent of the owner of the soil, they might presume a dedication; and the jury found a verdict for the plaintiff, and the court refused to grant a new trial, but sanctioned the direction given to the jury and the verdict found thereupon; although this street had been used as a public road only four or five years; the court saying, the jury were warranted in presuming it was used with the full assent of the owner of the soil. The point therefore upjon which the establishment of the public street rested, was whether it had been used by the public as such, will the assent of the owner of the soil; not whether such use had been for a length of time, which would give the right by force of'the possession; nor whether a grant might be prbsumed; but whether it had been used with the assent of the owner of the land; necessarily implying, that the mere naked fee of the land remained in the owner of the soil, but that it became a public street, by his permission to have it used as such. Such use, however, ought to be for such a length of time that the public accommodation and private rights might be materially affected by an interruption of the enjoyment.
In the present case, the fact of dedication to public use, is not left to inference, from the circumstance that the land has been enjoyed as a common for many years. But the actual appropriation for that purpose is established by the most positive and conclusive evidence. And indeed the testimony is such as would have warranted the jury in presuming a grant, if that had been necessary. And the fee might be considered in abeyance, until a competent grantee appeared to receive it; which was as early as the year 1802, when the city was incorporated. And the common.having then been taken under the charge and direction of the trustees, would be amply sufficient, to show an acceptance, if that was necessary, for securing the protection of the public right.

SUPREME COURT.
[City of Cincinfti v. The Lessee of White.]
But it has been argued; that this appropriation was a nullity, because the proprietors, Denman, Ludlow.and Patterson, when they laid out the town of Cincinnati, and appropriated this ground as a common, in the year 1789, had no title to the land, as the patent to Symmes was not issued until'the year 1794. It is undoubtedly true that no legal title had passed from the United States to Symmes. But the proprietors had purchased of Symmes all his equitable right to their part of the tract which he had under his contract with the government. This objection is more specious than solid, and does not draw after it the conclusions alleged at the bar.
There is no particular form or ceremony necessary in the dedication of land to public use. All that is required is the assent of the owner of the land, and the fact of its being used for the public purposes intended by the appropriation. This was the doctrine in the case ofJarvis and Dean, already referred to, with respect to a street; and the same rule must apply to all public dedications; and from the mere use of the land, as public land, thus appropriated, the assent of the owner may be presumed. In the present case, there having been an actual dedication fully proved, a continued assent will be presumed, until a dissent is shown; and t is should be satisfactorily established by the party claiming against the dedication. In the case of Rex v. Lloya, 1 Camp. 262, Lord Ellenborough says, if the owner of the soil throws open a passage, and neither marks by any visible distinction that he means to preserve all his rights over it, nor excludes persons from passing through it by positive prohibition, he shall be plresumed to have dedicated it to the public.
At the time the plan of the town of Cincinnati was laid out by the proprietors, and the common dedicated to public use, no legal title had been granted. But as soon as Symmes became vested with the legal title, under the patent of 1794, tle equitable right of the proprietors attached upon the legal estate, and Symmes became their trustee, having no interest in the land but the mere naked fee. And the assent of the proprietors to the dedication continuing, it has the same effect and operation as if it had originally been made after the patent issued. It may be c6nsidered a subsequent ratification and affirmance of the first appropriation. And it is very satisfactorily proved,

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[C[{y of Cincinnati v. The Lessee of White.]
that Joel Williams, from whom the lessor of the plaintiff deduces.his title, well understood, when he purchased of Denman, and for some. years before, that this ground had been dedicated as a public common by the proprietors. The original plat, exhibiting this ground as a common, was delivered to him at the time of the purchase. And when he afterwards, in the year 1800, took a deed from Symmes, he must, according to the evidence in the case, have known, that he was a mere trustee, holding only the naked fee. And from the notoriety of the fact, that these grounds were laid open and used as a common; it is fairly to be presumed, that all subsequent purchasers had full knowledge of the fact.
But it is contended that the lessor of the plaintiff has shown the legal title to the premises in question in himself, which is enough to entitle.him to recover at law; and that the defendants' remedy, if any they have, is in a court of equity. And such was substantially the opinion of the circuit court; in the fourth instruction asked by the plaintiff, and given by the courtq, viz. "thht if the said proprietors did appropriate said ground, having -no title thereto, and afterwards acquired an equitable title only, that equitable title could not enure so as to vest a legal title in the city or citizens, and enable them to defend themselves in an action of ejectment brought against them by a persor, holding the legal title.
We do not accede to this doctrine. For should it be admitted, that the mere naked fee was in the lessor of the plaintiff, it by no means follows that he is entitled to recover possession of the common in an action of ejectment.
This is a possessory action) and the plaintiff, to entitle himself to recover, must have the right of possession; and whatever takes away this right of possession, will deprive him of the remedy by ejectment. .Adams's Eject. 32. Starkie, part 4, 506, 507.
This is the rule laid down by Lord Mansfield in Atkins v. Horde, 1 Burr. 119. An ejectment, says he, is a possessory remedy, and only competent wher the lessor of the plaintiff may enter; and every plaintiff in ejectment must show a right of possession as well as of property. And in the case of Doe v. Staple, 2 Durn. and East, 684, it was held, that although an outstanding satisfied term may be presumed to be surren-
VOL. V1.-3 F

SUPREME COURT.
[City of Cincinnati v. The Lessee of White.]
iered, yet an unsatisfied term, raised for the purpose of securing an annuity, cannot, during the life of the annuitant; and may be set up as a bar to the heir at law, even though he claim only subject to the charge. Thereby clearly showing the plaintiff must have, not only the legal title, but a clear present right to the possession of the premises; or he cannot recover in an action of ejectment. And in the case of Doe v. Jackson, 2 Dowl.and Ryl. 523, Bailey, Justice, says, "an action of ejeetment, which from first to last is a fictions remedy, is founded on the principle, that the tenant in possession is a wrong doer; and unless he is so at the time the action is brought, the plaintiff cannot recover."
If then it is indispensable that the lessor of the plaintiff
should show a right of possession in himself, and that the defendants are wrong doers; it is difficult to perceive on what grounds this action can be sustained.
The later authorities in England which have been referred to) leave it at least questionable, whether the doctrine of Lord Mansfield in the case of Goodtitle v. Alker (1 Burr. 143), "that ejeetment will lie by the owner of the soil for land, which is subject to a passage over it as the king's highway;" wotild be sustained at the present day at Westminster Hall. It was not even at that day considered a settled point, for the counsel on the argunient (page 140) referred to a case, said to have been decided by Lord Hardvvicke; in which he held that no possession could be delivered of the soil of a highway, and therefore no ejeetment would lie for it.
This doctrine of Lord Mansfield has crept into most of our elemefitary treatises on the action of ejectment, and has appa. rently, in some instances, been incidentally sanctioned by judges. But we are not aware of its having been adopted in any other case where it was the direct point in judgment. No such case was referred to on the argument, and none has fallen under our notice. There are, however several cases in the supreme court of errors of Connecticut, where the contrary doctrine has been asserted and sustained by reasons much more satisfactory than those upon which the case in Bprrow is made to rest. Stiles v. Curtis, 4 Day, 328; Peek v. Smith, 1 Con.
Rep. 103. But if we took at the action of ejeetment on principle, and

JANUARY TERM 1832.
(City of CineUnnat v. The Lewee tf White.]
inquire what is its object, it cannot be sustained on any rational ground. It is to recover possession of the land in question; and the judgment, if carried into execution, must be followed by delivery of possession to the lessor of the plaintiff.
The purpose for which the action is brought, is not to try the mere abstract right to the soil, but to obtain actual possession; the very thing to which the plaintiff can have no exclusive or private right. This would be utterly inconsistent with the admitted public right. That right consists in the uninterrupted enjoyment of the possession. The two rights are therefore incompatible with each other, and cannot stand together. The lessor of the plaintiff seeks specific relief, and to be put into the actual possession of the land. The very fruit of hisaction, therefore, if he avails himself of it, will subject him an indictment for a nuisance; the private right of possession being in direct hostility with the easement, or use to -which the public are entitled; and as to the plaintiff's taking possession subject to the easement, it is utterly impracticable. It is well said, by MIr Justice Smith in the case of Stiles v. Curtis, that the execution of a judgment in such case, involves as great an inconsistency as to issue an habere facias possessionem of certain premises to A., subject to the possession of B. It is'said, cases may exist where this action ought to be sustained for the public benefit, as where erections are placed on the highway, obstructing the public use. But what benefit would result from this to the public? It would not remove the nuisance. The effect of a recovery would only be to substitute another offender against the public right, but would not abate the nuisance. That must be done by another proceeding.
It is said in the case in Burrow, that an ejectment'could be maintained because trespass would lie. But this certainly does not follow. The object and effect of the recoveries are entirely different. The one is to obtain possession of the land, which is inconsistent with the enjoyment of the public right; and the other is to recover damages merely, and not to interfere with the possession, which is in perfect harniony with the public right. So, also, if the fee is supposed to remain in the original owner, cases may arise where perhaps waste or a special action on the case may be sustained for a private injury to such owner. Butthese are actions perfectly consiatet with

444

SUPREME COURT.

[City of Cincinnati v. The Lewee of White.]
the public right. But a recovery in an action of ejectment, if carried into execution, is directly repugnant to the public right.
Upon the whole, the opinion of the court is, that the judgment must be reversed, and the cause sent back with directions to issue a venire de novo.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Ohio, and was argued by counsel; on consideration ,whereof, it is ordered and adjudged by this Court, that the judgment of the said circuit court in this cause be ard the same is hereby
reversed, and that this cause be and the same is hereby remanded to the said circuit court, with directions to award a venire facias de novo.

JANUARY TERM 1832.
DAVID Ross, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR V. CHARLES M'LUNG,
DEFENDANT IN ERROR.
Construction of the act of the legislature of North Carolina, concerning the registration ofdeeds, passed in 1715.
The questions which grow out of the language of this act, so far as they have been settled by judicial decisions, cannot be disturbed by this court. Whatever might have been their opinion in this case had it remained open for consideration, the peace of society, and the security of titles require that the court shvuld conform to the construction which has been made in the courts of the state; if it can discover vWbat that construction is.
In the probate of deeds, the court has aspecial limited jurisdiction; and the record should state facts which show its jurisdiction in the particular case. If this rule he disrcgarded, every deed admitted to record, on whatever evidence, must be considered as regularly admitted.
ERROR to the circuit court of the United States for the district of East Tennessee.
This was an action of ejectment instituted in the circuit court by ihe plaintiff in error, for the recovery of five thousand acres of land, situate in the district of East Tennessee.
On the trial of the cause, the plaintiff excepted to the opinion of the court in rejecting certain evidence offered by him in support of his title from the original grantor, Stockley Donelson, holding under a patent from the state of North CarolinA. The 'dourt refused to admit the deed of conveyance to the plaintiff, on the ground that'the same was not registered according to the provisions of the law.
The bill of exceptions, containing the matters offered in evidence and rejected by the court, is stated in the opinion of the court.
The case was argued by Mr Polk, for the plaintiff in error; and by Mr White, for the defendant..
For the plaintiff it was contended, that the circuit cburt erred:
1. In not permitting the deed of conveyance from Stockley Donelson and John Hackett to David Ross, the lessor of the plaintiff, to be read to the jury, on the certificates of probate and registration indorsed on said deed.

SUPREME COURT.
[Ross v. M,'Lung.]
2. In not permitting parol testimony to be given to the jury, to prove that said deed of conveyance had been duly proven in the court of pleas, &c. for Hawkins county, according to the provisions of the law of that state.
3. In not permitting said deed to be read in evidence, without either certificate of probate or parol evidence of its having been duly proven; as it had been on record in the register's office for more than thirty years.
Mr Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion of the Court.
This was an ejectment brought by the plaintiff in error in the court of the United States for the seventh circuit and district of East Tennessee.
At the trial the plaintiff gave in evidence a patent from the state of North Carolina to Stockley Donelson, which covered the, lad in controversy. He then offered a deed of conveyance from the said Stockley Donelson ana John Hackett to David Ross, the lessor of te plaintiff, for five thousand acres, being the same land contained in the aforesaid grant, which deed of conveyance is dated the 9th day of September 1793, and is witnessed by Walter King, Thomas N. Clark, and Meriwetber Smith; and of which deed of conveyance a copy was annexed, and made apart of the bill of exceptions; and on the back of said deed is the folloving indorsement of probate and registration, viz.
December sessions, 1793. This deed was proven in open court, and ordered to be, recorded. RICHARD MITCHELL, Clerk.
This conveyance is registardd 27th December 1793, in liber G, page 127, in the register's office of Hawkins county. THOMAs:JA.CxsoW, C. R.
State Qf Tennessee. At a court of pleas and quarter sessions began and held for the county of Hawkins, at the court-house in Rogersville, on the second Monday of December 1793. Present, Thomas Henderson, Isaac Lane, James Berry, and Thomas Amey, Esquires. A deed of conveyance from Stockley Donelson and John Hackett to David Ross, proved in open court by M. Smith that he saw Donelson sign for himself, and signed as attorney for Haget, and ozered to be registered.

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Ross v. M'Lung.]
State of Tennessee. I, Stockley D. Mitchell, clerk of the court of pleas and quarter sessions of Hawkins county, in the state aforesaid, do certify the foregoing to be a true copy from the records of my office. Given under my hand, at office in Rogersville, this 16th day of October, A.D. 1828. STOCKLEV
D. MITCHELL, Clerk of the Court of Pleas, &c. for Hawkins
county, Tennessee. To the reading of which deed of conveyance on the pro-
hates and registration aforesaid, the defendant objected, and the court sustained the objection, and would not permit said deed to be read. Plaintiff then offered to prove by Meriwether Smith, who was one of the subscribing witnesses to said deed, that he proved the execution of said deed in the court of pleas and quarter sessions for Hawkins county, at December sessions of said court, in the year 1793; and plaintiff also offered to prove by Mitchell, whose name was subscribed to tlTe probate on the back of said deed, that he, Richard Mitchell, was the clerk of the court of pleas and quarter sessions for Hawkins county in the year 1793; and that the'foregoing deed was the one proved by Meriwether Smith, the subscribing witness thereto, at December term of said court, in the year 1793; but the court would not permit said proof to be given in support of the probate of said deed.
Plaintiff offered to prove further, that said deed and grat covered the land sued for, and that Anne Hackett, the defendant, was in possession at the time of the institution of this suit; but said proof was rejected by the court. The jury found a verdict for defendant, and lessor of the plaintiff moved for a new trial, and produced and read the affidavit o? Thomas Hopkins, trustee, annexed, marked C; but the court refused a new trial.
Note.-While the cause was before the jury, plaintiff offered to read a grant from the state of North Carolina to Stockley
Donelson and John Hackett, for five thousand acres of land, dated the 22d day of February 1795; which last mentioned grant also covered the land in dispute; which grant the court
considered as read to the jury. The jury found a verdict for the defendant, the judgment
on which is brought before this court by a writ of error.

SUPREME COURT.
[Rom v. M'Lung.]
The plaintiff contends that the instructions given by the court are erroneous, and that the deed from Donelson and Hackett to Ross ought to have been admitted.
In the year 1715, the state of North Carolina passed an act concerning the registration of deeds, the fifth section of which is, in these words, "no conveyance or bill of sale for lands other than mortgages, in what manner soever drawn, shall be good and available in law, unless the same shall be acknowledged by the vendor, or proved by one or more evidences on oath, either before the chief justice or in the court of the precinct where the land lieth, and registered by the public register of the precinct where the land lieth, within twelve months after the date of the said deed; and that all deeds so drawn and executed shall be valid and pass estates in land or right to other estate, without livery of seisin, attornment or other ceremony in the law whatsoever."
Under this act two requisites are essential to the validity of a deed:-probate; and registration in the precinct or county in which the land lies. The proof which shall be sufficient to establish these requisites, is not prescribed by the act with such precision as to exclude difference of opinion respecting it. But the questions which grow out of the language of the act, so far as they have been settled by judicial decisions, cannot be disturbed by this court. Whatever might have been our opinion on the case, had it remained open for consideration, the peace of society and the security of titles require that we should conform to the construction which has been made in the courts of the state, if we can discern what that construction is.
The plaintiff contends that the deed ought to have been admitted on the certificates of probate and registration indorsed on it. First, the certificate of probate. It is in these words, "December session, 1783. This deed was proven in open court and ordered to be recorded."
The act'requires that the deed should be acknowledged by the vendor, or proved by one or more witnesses in the court of the county in which the land lieth.
It appears to be universally understood that the proof ought to be made by a subscribing witness to the deed; and certainly an instiument to which there are subscribing witnesses ough.

JANUARY TERM 1832.

287

[Ross v. M'Lung.]
to be proved by some one of them, if any one be living. The fact, too, to which the witness testifies ought to be stated on the record, that a judgment may be formed on its sufficiency. The order of the court that it should be recorded does not, the defendant contends, cure this defect. The court proceeds ex parte, in a summary manner, and the correctness- of its proceedings ought to appear on the record. Its judgment is not presumed to be right as when acting in a regular course.
In Knox v. Bowman's Lessee, decided in the supreme court of Tennessee, at Knoxville, on exceptions taken in the inferior court, a question arose on the probate of a.deed indorsed thus, "State of Tennessee, Washington county. At a court held
for the county of Washington on the first Monday of November 11S9, the within deed of conveyance from Bradley Gamble to Michael Massingile was proved in court by the oath Of
Starns. Given under my hand at office 27th of No.
vember 1819. JA~n;s SEvIER, Clerk." This deed was admitted. On considering the exception
tAken to its admission, the court observed, "cthe clerk should have given a copy from the minute-book verbatim, and not a history of what had taken place; because the court, and not he, must judge of the conclusions which are proper to be made from the naked fact appearing on the record book. Had an exact copy been given, the court should have presumed, after such a lapse of time, at least until the contrary were shown, that Starns was a subscribing witness." The court added; "where enough is stated by the clerk to show that a witness was sworn, or that the deed was acknowledged by the bargainor, however informally or unscientifically the clerk may have expressed the fact, the legality of the probate or acknowledgement should-be enforced, and such old probate should be presumed to have been made in the proper county until the
contrary appear." The general principles laid down by the court in the last
sentence, show that every reasonable presumption will be made
to support an ancient probate where the entry has been informal or uhscientific; but the decision on the particular point
seems applicable to the very case before the court. The clerk certifies that the deed was proved by the oath of Starns. This is undertaking to know what in point of law is proof,

SUPREME COURT.
[Ross v. M'Lung.]
and to eertify his conclusion instead of stating the fact which the witness did prove, so as to enable the court to draw the inference of law from it. So in ihis case; instead of stating the fact to which the witness testified, the clerk certifies that the deed was proved. This, according to the decision in the case cited, is, a legal inference which -the court alone could draw from the fact as certified.
In the same case a deed was offered from Gales to the lessor of the plaintiff, indorsed thus. "February session 1802. This deed was legally admitted to record." The court allowed this deed also to be given in evidence, and an exception was taken to its admission. In commenting on this opinion the supreme court observed, "it is not said in what county, nor upon what ground, whether because proved by witnesses, or acknowledged by the bargainor, or for some other cause."
Both these exceptions were sustained, and the judgment of the inferior court was reversed. The ground of reversal appears to be, that the certificate of probate stated the legal inference, without stating the fact from which that inference was drawn. In the one case it was stated that the deed was proved in court by the oath of Starns; in the other that it was legally admitted to record. If legally admitted; it could not be material to inquire whether it was admitted on the acknowledgement of the vendor, or the proof of witnesses. The error, therefore, must be, that the conel'4sion to which the court came is indorsed on the deed, and not the fact which led to that conclusion. In the probate of deeds, the court has a special limited jurisdiction; and the record should state facts which show its jurisdicti r in the particular case. If this rule be disregarded, every deed admitted to record, on whatever evidence, must be considered as regularly admitted.
The counsel for the plaintiff has endeavoured to .cure this defect in the indorsement on the deed, by a distinct entry made in Hawkins county courtlat the same session of December 1793. That entry is in these words. " At a court of pleas and quarter sessions began and held for the county of Hawkins, at the court house in Rogersville, on the second Monday of December 1793. Present, Thomas Henderson, Isaac Lane, James Berry and Thomas Amey, Esquires. A deed of conveyance from Stockley Donelson and John Hackett, toDavid Ross, proved

JANUARY TERM 1s32.
[Ross v. M'Luog.]
in open court by Mr Smith, that he savw'Donelson sign for himself, and signed as attorney for Haget, and ordered to be registered."
"State of Tennessee. I, Stockley D. Mitchell 7 clerk of the court of pleas and quarter sessions of Hawkins .county, in the state aforesaid, do certify the foregoing to be a true copy from the records of my office. Given under my hand at office it Rogersville, this 16th day of October A.D. 1828. STOCKLEY D. MITCHLLL, Clerk of the Court of Pleas, &c. for Hawkins county, Tennessee.
The difficulty of applying this certificate to the deed offered in evidence, is insurmountable. The deed offered in evidence purports to have been executed by Stockley Donelson and John Hackett, each for himself, and not by attorney. The probate indorsed on the deed, represents it to have been so executed. The entry certified by Stockley D. Mitchell in 1828, shows tne probate of a deed executed by Stockley Donelson foT himself, and as attorney in fact for John Hackett. They cannot be presumed to be the same. Stockley Donelson and John Hackett may have conveyed more than one tract of land to David Ross: and it is not at all improbable that Meriwether Smith may have witnessed both deeds.
An attempt has been made to reconcile this incompatibility, by parol testimony.. Richard Mitchell, who was clerk of the court for Hawkins county in the year 1793, was offered as a witness, to prove that the deed now offered in evidence was the one proved by Meriwether Smith, the subscribing witness thereto, at December term 1793, but the court would not permit this proof to be given in support of the deed; and to this opinion, alsoi an exceptio- was taken.
This is an attempt by pardl testimony to vary a record. It is
an attempt to prove by the officer of the court, that his official certificate of probate, indorsed on the deed, did not conform to the true state of the proof. This is in such direct opposition to the settled rules of evidence, as to render it unnecessary to remark the danger of trusting to memory in such a case after a lapse of thirty-five years.
There are other objections to the admission of this certificate which would require very serious consideration, if it were necessary to decide them, It is questioned whether the order
VOL. I.-2 M

SUPREME COURT.
[Ross v. M'Lung.]
made on the second Monday of December 1793, even if it related to the deed under which the plaintiff claims, could be given in evidence, as it was not indorsed on the deed or registered with it. The plaintiff's counsel has cited several acts of assembly, which are supposed to eettle this point in his fayour. It was fully considered in the case of Minick's Lessee .v. Hodges, Brown and others, decided in the supreme cour, of Tennessee, in July 1831. A decision on it is unnecessary, because the court is satisfied that the order must relate to a different deed.
We are of bpihion that there is no error in the opinions given by the circuit court. The judgment is affirined, with costs.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the district of East Tennessee, and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, it is adjudged and ordered that the judgment of the said circuit court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs.

666

SUPREME COURT.

STEPHEN LINDSEY AND OTHERS,
THE LESSEE OF THOMAS B.
ERROR.

PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR V. -MILLER, DEFENDANT IN

Ejectment. The plaintiff claimed the land in controversy, which was situated in the Virginia military district, in the state of Ohio, under a patent from the
United States, dated 1 December 1824, founded on an entry and survey executed in the same year. The defendants offered in evidence a patent, issued by the state of Virginia inMarch 1789, to Richard C. Anderson, for the same land, which was rejected by the court; and they gave in evidence, an entry and survey of the land made in January 1783, recorded on the 7th of April in the same year, and proved possession for upwards of thirty years. The warrant under which the defendants' survey was made, stated that the services for which it issued were performed in the Virginia state line; and not on the continental establishment. On the lstof March 1786, Virginia conveyed to the United States the territory north west of the river Ohio, with the reserva. tion of such a portron of the territory, ceddd between the rivers Sciota and Little Miami, as might be required to make up deficiencies of land on the south side of the Ohio, called the Green River lands, reserved for the Virginia troops on continental establishment. The holders of Virginia warrants had no right to locate them in the reservation, until the good land on the south side of the Ohio was exhausted, and it was deemed necessary that Virginia should give notice to the general government, when the Green River lands were exhausted; which would give a right to the holders of warrants to locate them in the district north of the Ohio. Lands could be entered in this district only by virtue of warrants issued by Virginia to persons who had served three -years in the Virginialine on the continentalestablishment. In May 1800, congress authodsed patents to issue on surveys made under Virginia warrants issued for services on the continental establishment. warrants issued by Virginia for services in her state line, gave no right to the holder to make an entry in the reserved district. The land in the possession of the defendant was surveyed under a warrant whicr did not authorise the entry of lands in the reserved district. The possession of the same did not bat the plaintiff's action. It is a well settled principle, that the statute of limitations does not run against a state. If a contrary rle were recognised, it would only be necessary for intruders on the public lands to maintain Their possessions until the statute of limitations shall run, and they then would become invested with the title against the government, and all persons claiming under it. The entry and survey of the defendant were-made before the deed of cesionat the time the location was made, the land in the reserved district was not liable to be appropriated in satisfaction of warrants granted by the state of
Virginia for military services in the state line. No act of congress was passed subsequent to the deed of cession, which enlarged
the tights of Virginia to the lands in the military contract beyond the terms of
the cession. Longer time has repeatedly been given for locations, but no new rights have been created. It would seem, therefore, to follow that when the

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Lindsey and others v. The Lessee of Millei.j
act of 1S07 was passed for the protection of surveys, congress could have de. signed to protect such surveys only as had been made in good faith; they could not have intended to sanction surveys made without the shadow of authority, or, what is the same thing, under a void authority. It is essential to the validity of an entry that it shall call for an object notorious at the time, arid that the other calls sfiall have precision. A survey, unless carried into grant, cannot aid a defective entry against one made subsequently. The survey, to be good, must have been made in pursuance of the entry.
To cure detects in entries and surveys, was the design of the act of 1807. It
was inlended to sanction irregularities which had occurred without fiaud, in the pursuit of a valid title. In the passage of this act, congress could have had no reference but to such titles as were embraced in the deed of ce;sion.
ERROR to the circuit court of the United States for the district of Ohio.
This was an ejectment in the circuit court of Ohio, instituted by the defendants in error for the recovery of a tract of land situated in the Virginia military district in the state of Ohio. The title of the plaintiff's lessor was derived from a patent issued by the United States, dated the 1st day of December 1824, for the premises in controversy; of which the defendants were in possession.
On the trial, the defendants offered in evidence the copy of a survey, bearing date the 5th of January 1788, recorded on the 7th of April in the same year. The entry and survey, which comprehended the land in dispute, were in the name of Richard C. Anderson, and the latter purported to be made for four hundred and fifty-four acres of land, part of a military warrant, No. 2481, on the Ohio river, on the north-west side, &C.
The, defendants then read in evdence the act of congress of the Od of March 1807, authorizing patents for land located and surveyed by certain Virginia revolution warrants, and the .ict, amending the same, passed in March 1823. They also offered in evidence the deposition of James Taylor, to prove that the defendants had been in possession of the premises f6r upwards of thirty years, which deposition was admitted by the court.
The plaintiff then offered evidence to prove that the war-rant, on which the defendants' survey was predicated, was issued by the state of Virginia on the 12th of February in the year I 784,for ernieesperformed in the Virginiastate line,

SUPREME COURT.
[Lindsey and others v. The Lessee of Miller.]
and not in the continental establishment. The defendants objected to this evidence, but the court overruled the objection, and permitted the same to go to the jury. The defendants, by their counsel, then moved the court to instruct the jury that, if they believed that the survey under which the defendants claim was founded on the warrant so admitted in evidence by the court, it did not render the survey void; but that the survey and possession, under the acts of congress referred to, constituted a sufficient title to protect the defendants in their possession. The court refused to give the instruction, and directed the-jury, that, if they believed the survey of the defendants was founded on the warrant offered in evidence by the plaintiff, then that the survey was void; and that the survey and entry, together with the possession of the defendants, were no legal bar, under the acts of congress aforesaid, to the plaintiff's right of recovery.- They further requested the court to instruct the jury, that, if they believed the defendahits had the uninterrupted possession of the premises for more than twenty-one years since the commencement of the act of limitations in the state of Ohio, and before the commencement of this suit, that then the defendants had a title by possession; unless the plaintiffs canre within some one of the exceptions of the statute. The court refused: to give such instructions.
They further requested the court to instruct the jury, that, if they believed, the defendants were innocent purchasers without notice of the warrant offered in evidence by the plaintiff, that the defendants were entitled to a verdict. The court refused to give such instructions.
To these proceedings of the court the defendants excepted; and a verdict and judgment having been rendered for the plaintiff, they prosecuted this writ oferror.
The case was argued by Mr Ewing and Mr Corwin, for the plaintiffs in error; and by Mr Leonard and Mr Doddridge, for the defendant.
The only question argued before the court was that which had reference to the validity of the tile derived by the plaintiffs in error, the defendants below, under the entry and survey in the name of Richard C. Anderson. The counsel for the plaintiffs in error abandoned the point made in the circuit

JANUARY TERM 1S32.
[Lindsey and others v. The Lessee of Miller.]
court, that they were entitled to the benefits of the statute of limitations.
For the plaintiffs in error it was argued, that the plaintiffs' title was protected by the act of congress of March 3, 1807. That act was made to protect possessions against entries under certain descriptions of warrants; to prevent an entry or location on tracts for which patents had issued, or surveys had been made. It was admitted that there must have been a survey by some person, acting in an official capacity. The party claiming must show a colour of title; and that has been shown by the entry and survey ifi this case. There is no distinction under the law between surveys which were void and voidable. These terms are of very indefinite import, and the Application of the act cannot turn upon them.
The cases of Anderson's lessee v. Clarke, 1 Peters, 636, and of Hoofuagle v. Anderson, 7 Wheat. 212, sustain the principles claimed by the plaintiffs in error. When in 1807 congress passed the law, they must be presumed to have legislated on the then existing state of things. It was then well known that there were lands held under claims drawn under surveys made for services in the Virginia state line. It must be presumed the act was intended to apply to those cases. The equities of both classes of claimants were the same; both were meritorious; and the powers of congress extended to both. In 1825, congress passed a law in precise accordance with the act of 1807, after the decision of the court in Hoofnagle v. Anderson, in 1 22, relating to Virginia state warrants. There is nothing appearing on dhe face of the survey, under which the plaintiffs in error held the land, showing that their title below was derived under a warrant for services in the state line: nor is it open to inquiry whether the surveyor was legally authorized to make the survey.
The plaintiffs in error held asbona fide purchasers tinder Anderson's title: they are purchasers without notice.
The ca3e of Miller and others v. Kerr and others, 7 Wheat., 1, and the dases cited for the defendant in error have no application to this case. The law of 1807 was not in the view of the court in the dedision of these cases.
Th limitation upon claims intended to be brought within

SUPREME COURT.
[Lindsey an others v. The Lessee of Miller.]
the act of 1807, extends in terms to such a warrant as the plaintiffs'. The meaning of the terms "patent" and "survey," is decided in the case of Hoofnagle v. Anderson; and in that case, the survey was under a state line warrant.
Mr Leonard and Mr Doddridge, for the defendant in error, contended that the act of congress upon which the plaintiffs rely$ was intended to protect informal or imperfect entries or surveys under continental warrants, and not such as were absolutely void; such as surveys made under state line warrants. The surveys made on the ground, were to be protected when made under proper warrants.
This construction is established in the cases reported in Hard. Reports, 348, 358, 359.
In Miller and others v. Kerr and others, 7 Wheat. 1, this court decided, that as there was no reservation whatever of these lands in favour of the bounties due to the state line, no title could be acquired in virtue of such service. They add, the same principle was asserted by the court in the case of Polk's lessee v. Wendall; and we think it too clear to be controverted. The question upon which the court felt difficulty in Miller's case, was the admission of evidence questionihg the validity of the warrant, which expressly recited, that the land was "due in'considerationof services for three years as a lieutenant of the Virginia continentalline." They determined in favour of admitting this evidence, because they say, "until the consummation of the title by grant, the person q who acquire an equity, hol a right subject tot examination. The validity of every document is then open to examination, whatever the law may be after the emanation of a patent."
The force of this decision, as applicable to this case, is in no respect impugned by the case of Hoofnagle v. Anderson, susequently decided, and reported in 7 Wheat. 212. In this latter case the party was protected by his patent, which was issued before the making of his adversary's entry. In Miller's case, the party claiming under a warrant, in the state lne, did not hold an operative patent. He held the elder entry and survey. The other party, having the senior patent, held the legal title. Consequently the party stood upon his entry aud survey, which was open to examination. In this

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Lindsey and others v. The Lessee of Miller.]
case, the plaintiffs in error, having no legal grant, stand also upon their entry and survey: and upon the doctrine of Miller's case. these confer no title whatever.
In the Lessee of Anderson v. Clarke and Ellison, 1 Peters, 628, it was considered what description of survey protected land from entry under the law of March 2, 1S07. The question presented in that case was, whether an entry and survey upon a warrant previously satisfied, was protected. The general principle was not decided; the court being of opinion that the particular circumstances and relations of the parties connected with the entries operated to protect them.
No doctrine is better settled than that a survey without an entry is void; none, than that an entry without a warrant to authorise it, is void. If the act of March 2, 1807, can be made to protect this survey, it protects that which before the passqge of the law, was absolutely void-as much so as an entry made without reference to any warrant. The object of the law was to protect bona fide entries and surveys, made upon warrants capable of appropriating the land, but defective in sone of th6 requisitcs specified in the law. This was a prudent and parental object. But it ought never to be construed as protecting that which originated in positive wrong, and unauthorised encroachment upon the rights of others.
Whatever might have been the original rights and equities of the two classcs of claimants, and however true it may be, as suggested by the chief justice, in Hoofnagle v. Anderson, "that the rights of the state officers were not suffieiently re,,pected when the legislature omitted to insert them, as well as their brethren, of the continental line, in the reservation for military warrants;" it is certain that that omission limited and concluded their rights. An entry specifying that it was made upon a warrant in the state line, and a survey and patent containing the same specification, would be mere nullities; because all were contrary to law, and unauthorised upon the face of them. It is only where prima facie every thing is legal, that the grant appropriates the land: until the grant issues to shut up all hiTqiry into intermediate proceedings, the validity of both entry and survey depends upon the warrant. If that confer no authority, the entry ard survey originate no right. Surely the act of March 2, 1807, was intended to protect

SUPREME COURT.
rLindsey and others v. The Lessee of Miller.]
existing rights, and not to be made the foundation of new ones. Yet such must be its operation if it protect the survey in question.
Cited also, Swann's Collection of Ohio Land Laws, 121; 5 Cranch, 234; 7 Wheat, 212; 9 Wheat. 480.
Mr Justice M'LAw delivered the opinion of the Court. This is a writ of error brought to reverse a judgment of the circuit court, for the district of Ohio. The plaintiff in the court below prosecuted an action of ejectment to recover possession of four lundred and fifty and a half acres of land, lying in what is called the Virginia military district, and known by entry numbered twelve thousand four hundred and ninety-five. Stephen Lindsey and others were made defendants; and were proved to be in possession of the lard in controversy On the trial, the plaintiff exhibited a patent for the land, bearing date the 1st December 1824, which was founded on an entry and survey executed in the same year. The defendants offered in evidence a patent issued by the commonwealth of Virginia, in March 1789, to Richard C. Anderson, for the same land, which was rejected by the court. They then gave in evidence an entry and purvey of the land, made in January 17S3, which were duly recorded on the 7th of April in the same year; and proved possession for upwards of thirty years. The plaintiff then offered in evidence the warrant on which the entry and survey of the defendants were made; accompanied by proof, that the military services for which said warrant issued, were performed in the Virginia state line, and not on the continental establishment. This fact was apparent on the face of the warrant. To the admission of this evidence the defendants objected. The defendants then requested thz court to instruct the jury, that the uninterrupfed possession for more than twentyone years, was a bar to the plaintiff's recovery. That thi." possession, under the entry and survey before stated, ought to protect them against the title of the plaintiff. The court refused to give the instructions; on which ground, and because the court admitted the evidence offered by the plaintif, which

JANUARY TERM 1S32.
[Lindsey and others v. The Lessee of Miller.]
was objected to by the defendants, a bill of exceptions was taken; which presents to this court the above questions.
That the possession of the defendants does not bar the plaintiff's action, is a point too clear to admit of much controversy. It is a well settled principle, that the statute of limitations does not run against a state. If a contrary rule were sanctioned, it would only be necessary for intruders upon the public lands, to maintain their possessions, until the statute of limitations shall run; and then they would become invested with the title against the government, and all persons claiming under it. In this way the public domain would soon be appropriated by adventurers. Indeed it would be, utterly impracticable, by the use of any power within the reach of the government, to prevent this result. It is only necessary, therefore, to state the case, in order to show the wisdom and propriety of the rule that the statute never operates against the government.
The title under which the plaintiff in the ejectment claimed, emanated from the government in 1824. Until this time, there was no title adverse to the claim of the defendants. There can, therefore, be no bar to the plaintiff's action.
To understand the objection to the validity of the defendants' title, under their entry, survey and patent, it will be
necessary to advert to the conditions on which the district of country, within which the location was made, was ceded by Virginia to the United States.
By her deed of cession, which was executed in behalf of the
commonwealth by her delegates in congress in 1784, Virginia conveyed to the United States the territory north west of the river Ohio, with certaih reservations and condition., among which was the following: "cthat in case the quantity of good land on the south east side of the Ohio, upon the waters of the Cumberland river, and between the Green river and Tennessee river, which have been reserved by law for the Virginia troops on continental establishment, should, from the North Carolina line bearing in further upon the Cumberland lands than was expectcd, prove insufficient for their legal bounties; the deficiency should be made up to the said troops in good lands, to be laid off between the rivers Sciota and Little Miami, on the north west side of the river Ohio; in such
VoL. VI.-4 K

SUPREME COURT.
tLindsey and others v. The Lessee of Millcr.]
proportions as have been engaged to them by the laws of Virginia."
From this condition it is clear, that until the good land was exhausted in the district of country named, the holders of Virginia warrants had no right to locate them in the above reservation. This is the cobstruction given by congress to the deed of cession, as appears from a resolution adopted by them on the subject. It was also deemed necesE:ry, that Virginia should give notice to the general government, when the Green river lands were exhausted, which would give a right to the holders of warrants to locate them in the district north of the Ohio.
Lands could be entered in this district only by virtue of warrants issued by Virginia, to persons who had served three years in the Virginia line, on the continental establishment.
In May 1800, by an act of congress, the proper officer was authorised to "issue patents on surveys which have been, or may be made within the territory'reserved by the state of Virginia, north-west of the river Ohio, and being part of her cession to congress, on warrants for military services issued in pursuance of any resolution of the legislature of that state, previous to the passing of that act, in fa;'oui of personls who had served in the Virginia line on the continental establishment."
Several laws-were subseouently passed in relation to this reservation, and to the rights of warrant holders; in all of which, a reference is made to warrants issued for services performed on the continental establishment. This was in conformity to the deed of cession; and, although not necessary, was deemed proper, i'gniving time, to locate warrants in this district, in order "to prevent the semblance of right from being acquired by virtue of locations made on other warrants.
It was known that Virginia had issued other military warrants for services in her state line, which gave no right to the holder to make an entry in the above district.
In the act of the 2d of MArehi 1807, to extend the time for locating military warrants in the reserved district, and for otler purposes, it is provided, " that no locations within the above mentioned tract, shall, after the passing of that act, be made on tracts of land for which patents had been previously

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Lindsey and others v. The Lessee of Miller.]
issued, or which had been previously surveyed; and any patent
obtained contrary to the provisions of that act, was declared to be null and void."
As by the deed of cession the fee to this district passed to the United States, the patents for lands entered and surveyed within it, necessarily emanated from the general government. It is therefore clear, that the circuit court did not err in rejecting, as evidence, the patent which was issued by Virginia for this land several years subsequent to the deed of cession. But the defendants below rely upon their survey, as being protected by the act of 1807. This is the main point in the case, and it becomes necessary fully to consider it.
The entry and survey of the defendants were made before the deed of cession, but it is not contended, that, at the time this location was made, the land within this district, under the laws of Virginia, was liable to be appropriated in satisfaction of warrants granted by the state for military services in the state line. The fact, therefore, of this location having been made, while the fee of this district remained in Virginia, cannot give it validity, as the entry was not mdde in pursuance of the laws of Virginia.
By the act of 1807, any patenkt is declared to be void that shall be issued on an entry of land which had been previously patented or surveyed. This language is general, and literally applies to all surveys which had been previously made, whether made with or without authority. Could congress have designed by this act to protect surveys which had been made without the semblance of authority. If an intruder, without a whrrant, had marked boundaries in a survey, either large or small, would it be protected under the act. When the object and scope of the act are considered, and other laws which have been enacted on the same subject, and the deed of cession are referred to; it would seem that much difficulty canfiot be felt in giving a correct construction to this provision.
In making the cession, Virginia only reserved the right of satisfying warrants issued for military services in the state line, on the continental establishment. Warrants of no other description, therefore, could give any right to the holder, to any land in this district. In all the acts subsequently passed, giving further time for the location of warrants in this reservation,

SUPREME COURT
[Lindsey and others v. The Lessee of Miller.]
there is a reference to the kind of warrants which may be located. And in the act of 1807, the "1officers and soldiers of the Virginia line on continental establishment, are named as entitled to land in the district."
No act of congress passed subsequent to the deed of cession, whic'h enlarged the rights of Virginia to this district, beyond the terms of the cession. Longer time has repeatedly bten given for locations, but no new rights have been created. It would seem, therefore, to follow, that when the act of 1807 was passed for the protection of surveys, congress could have designed to protect such surveys only as had been made in good faith. They could not have intended to sanction surveys made without the shadow of authority, or which is the same thing, under a void authority.
It is known to all who are conversant with land titles in this district, that the mode pursued in making entries and surveys under the Virginia land law, gave rise to the most ruinous litigations. The docket of this court contains abundant evidence of this fact. By the law of 1807, congress intended to lessen litigation.
'It is essential to the validity of an entry, that it shall call for an object notorious at the time, and that the other calls shall have precision. A survey, unless carried into grant, cannot aid a defective entry against one made subsequently. The survey, to be good, must be made in pursuance to the entry.
To cure defects in entries and surveys was the design of the act of 1807. It was intended to sanction irregularities. wlhich haa occurred without fraud, in the pursuit of a valid tile. In the passage of this act, congress could have had no reference, but to such titles as were embraced by the deed of ccssion.
The ease of Miller and others v. Kerr and others, reported in 7 Wheaton, 1, is cited by the defendants' counsel. In this case the register of the land office of Virginia, had, by mistake, given a warrant for military services in the contitiental line, on a certificate authorising a warrant for services in the state line. An equity acquired under this warrant was set up against a legal title sdbsequently obtained; but the court sustained the legal title. They conside'ed the gister a ministerial officer, and that his official acts, as such, might be in-

JANUARY TERM 18,2.
[Lindsey and others v. The Lessee of Miller.]
quired into. This entry was made subsequent to the deed of
cession, and the court seemed to think if this territory had not
been ceded, there would have been great force in the argu-
ment, that as the holder was entitled to the land for services
rendered, and as, by the mistake of the officer, he had been prevented from locating the warrant in Kentuchy, and as no
provision existed by which his claim could be satisfied; if the entry made should not be sustained, that under such, circumstances it should be held valid. The case was a hard one, but the court were clear, that by virtue of the warrant thus issued no right could be acquired in tfie Virginia reservation.
The case of Hoofnagle and others v. Anderson, 7 Wheat. 212, is strongly, relied on as a case, if not directly in point, tlat has at least a strong bearing on the question under consideration. In that case the court decided, that a patent is a title from its date, and conclusive against all those whose rights did not commence previous to its emanation. The entry on which th;s patent was founded was made in the Virginia reservation, by virtue of a warrant which was in fact issued for services in the state line; but it was stated on its face to have been issued for services on the continental establishment.
This case would have been similar to the one under consideration, if the patent had not been issued; but the decision turned against the subsequent locator, on the ground that the patent appropriated the land.
The court say, that the "principle is well settled, that a patent is unassailable by any title commenced after its emanation." The case of Jackson v. Clark et a]. 1 Peters, 628, it is contended, bears a close analogy to the one under examination. That was a case where the act of 1807 was decided to protect a survey, although made on a warrant which had been previously located and not withdrawn. But the court sustained the survey, on the ground that it was not a void act, thPugh it might be irregular. That to the purchaser of the survey, there was no notice of irregularity, much less of fraud.
The warrant was valid, and upon its face authorised the entry. The entry had been regularly made on the books of the surveyor, and the survey had been executed by a regular officer; and the only objection to the validity of the proceedings was, that the warrant had been previously located. This

SUPREME COURT.
[Lindsey and others v. The Lessee of Miller.]
location, the court said, might be withdrawn, and that would remove all objections to the subsequent proceedings. And they intimate that the powers of a court of chancery were sufficient tohave compelled the original locator to withdraw the first entry, or enjoin him from the use of it, so as to remove the objections to the second entry. Under all the circumstances of the case, they consider that the second survey was protected from subsequent entries by the act of 1807.
They say, "if it be conceded that this provision in the above act was not intended for the protection of surveys which were in themselves absolutely void, it must be admitted that it was intended to protect those which were defective, and which might be avoided for irregularity."
There can be no doubt that congress did intend to protect surveys which had been irregularly made, and it is equally clear that they did not design to sanction void surveys. A survey is void, unless made under the authority of a warrant; and it need not be stated again, that the warrant under which the survey of the defendants in the circuit court was made, gave no right to the holder to appropriate land north of the Ohio.
'Neither the entry nor the survey is a legal appropriation of the land. The claimant is only vested with the equitable estate, until his entry and survey have been carried into grant.
This court decided, in the case of Taylor-s Lessee v. !Myers, 7 Wheat. that the act of 1807 did not protect a survey from which the entry had been withdrawn.
In the argument, it was insisted that the entry and survey having been.made in the name of Richard C. Anderson, the principal surveyor, were void under the laws of Virginia: that by those laws he was prohibited from making an entry in his own name.
As thete are other points in the cause on which the decision may rest, it is unnecessary to investigate this one farther than to observe, that, under other circumstances, it might be entitled to serious consideration.
This is a case of great hardship on the part of the defendants below; and regret is felt that the principles of law which are involved in the cause do not authorise a reversal of the judgment" given by the circuit court.

JANUARY TERM 1832.

679

[Lindsey and others v. The Lessee of Miller.]
The judgment must be affirnmed with costs, and the cause remanded for further proceedings.

Mr Justice BALDWIN dissented, and gave an'opinion in writing; which was not delivered to the reporter.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Ohio, and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof,
it is ordered and adjudged by this Court4 that the judgment of the said circuit court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed with costs, and that this cause be and the same is hereby remanded to the said circuit court for further proceedings to be had therein according to law and justice, and in conformity to the judgment of this court.

68

SUPREME COURT.

JOHN SMITH T., PLAINTIFF V. ROBERT BELL, DEFENDANT,
The will of B. G. contained the following clause: "also, I give to my wife Elizabeth Goodwin, all my personal estate whatsoever and wheresoever, and of what nature, kind and quality ocvi-r, after payment of my debts, legacie.s and funeral expenses, which personal-estate I give ijd bequeath unto my said wife, Elizabeth Goodiin, to and for her own use and dispoal ahsolutely: the remainder after her decease to be for the use of the said Jesse Goodwin," th son of the testator. Jesse Goodwin took a vested remainder in the personal estate, which came into possession after the death of Elizabeth Goodwin.
In this case it is impossible to mistake the intent. The testator unquestionably intended to make a present provision for his wife, and a future provision for his son. The intention can be defeated only by expunging or rendering totally inoperative the last clause of the will. In doing so, a long series of opinions, making the intention of the testator the polar star to guide in the cunstruction of wills, must be disregarded, because we find words which indicate an intention to permit the first taker to use part of the estate bequeathed
The first and gieat rule in the exposition of wills, to which allrules must bend, is, that the intention of the testator expressed in his will shall prevail, provided it be consistent with the rules of law. This piinciple is generally asserted in the construction of every testamentary disposition. It is emphatically the will of the person who makes it, and is defined to be "the legal declaration of a man's intentions, which he wills to be performed after his death." These intentions are to be collecte d from his words; and ought to be carried intoeffect if they be consistent with law.
In the construction of ambiguous expressions, the situation of the parties may very properly be taken into view. The ties which connect the testator with his legatees, the affection subsisting between them, the motives which may reasonably be supposed to operate with him, and to influence him in the disposition of his property, are allentitled to consideration in expounding doubtful words, and ascertaining the meaning in which the testator used them.
The rule that a remainder may be limited after a life estate in personal property, is as well settled as any other principle of our law. The attempt to create such limitation is not opposed by the policy of the law, or by any of its rules. If the intention to create such limitation is manifested in a will, the courts will sustain it.
It is stated in many cases that where there are two intents, inconsistent with each other, that which is primary will control that which is secondary.
Notwithstanding the reasonableness and good sense of the general rule, that the intention shall prevail, it has been sometimes disregarded. If the testator attempts to affect that which the law forbids, his will must 3ield to the rules of law; but courts have sometimes gone further. The construction put upon words in one will has been supposed to furnish a rule for construirig the same words in other wills; and thereby to furnish some settled and fixed rules of construction, which ought to be respected. We cannot say this principle ought to be totally disregarded; but it should never be carried so far as to defeat the plain intent, if that intent may be carried into execution without violating the rules of law. It has been said truly, " thatcaqP,1 on iililnsV gile

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Smith v. Bell.]
us to general rules of construction, but unless a case cited be in every respect directly in point, aud agree in every circumstance, it will have little or no weight with the court, who always look upon the intention of the testator as the polar star to direct them in the construction of wills."
THlIS case came before the court on a certificate of division in opinion of the judges of the circuit court of the United States for the eastern district of Tennessee.
In the circuit court, John Smith T. instituted an action of trover against Robert Bell for the recovery of the value of certain negroes named and described in the declaration. The defendant pleaded not guilty, upon which plea issue was joined.
The facts of the case were agreed by the parties, and the plaintiff moved the court for judgment for two thousand-six hundred and fifteen dollars and sixty-two and a half cents, the agreed value of the negroes; if the court should be of opinion that thte plaintiff was entitled to recover.
Upon the case agreed the following questions arose, upon which the judges of the court were divided, and the division was cui tified to this court: whether by the will of Britain B. Goodwin, Elizabeth Goodwink had an absolute title to the peruual cstate of Britain B. Goodwin, or only a life estate: and aide whether Jesse Goodwin, the son of Britain B. Goodwin, by said will, had a vested remainder that would come into possession on the death of said Elizabeth; or was said remainder void.
The facts of the case agreed were as follow: That Britain B. Goodwin, a citizen of the state of Tennessee, and resident in the district of East Tennessee, did, on the 17th day of October, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and ten, make and execute his last will and testament, in the words and figures following, to wit: " In the name of God, amen. I, Britain B. Goodwin, of the state of Tennessee, and county of Roane, yeoman, being mindful of my mortality, do, this 17th day of October, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and ten, and thirtyfifth year of independence of the United States of America, do make and publish this my last will and testament, in inanner following: First, I desire to be decently buried in the place 'where I shall happen to die; also, I give and bequeath

SUPREME COURT.
[Smith v. Bell.]
unto my son, Jesse Goodwin, my young sorrel gelding and one feather bed, to be delivered to him by my executrix after my decease; also, I give to my wife, Elizabeth Goodwin, all my personal estate whatsoever, and wheresover, and of what nature, kind, and quality soever, after payment of my debts, legacies, and funeral expenses; which personal estate, I give and bequeath unto my said wife, Elizabeth Goodwin, to and for her own use and benefit and disposal absolutely: the remainder of said estate, after her decease, to be for the use of the said Jesse Goodwin: and I do hereby constitute and ap. point my said wife, Elizabeth Goodwin, sole exe-utrix of this my last will and testament.
In witness whereof, T have hereunto set my hand and seal, the day and year above written.
his BRITAIN B. + GOODWIN [L. s.].
mark The foregoing will is duly witnessed, proved, and recorded. Itis further agreed, that said Britain B. Goodwin departed this life in the month of October 1811; that his wife, the said Elizabeth Goodwin, named in the foregoing will, took into her possession all the personal estate of said Britain B. Goodwin, under the bequest in said will to her, and retained the same until the month of November in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and thirteen, when she intermarried with Robert Bell, the defendant in this suit; that she and Robert Bell kept the possession of said personal estate till the latter part of the year 1826, when the said Elizabeth Goodwin died. Said Robert Bell has kept the possession of said personal estate ever since, claiming the same as his own, under the bequest in said will to his said wife Elizabeth;. among which are the following named negroes, to.wit: Lucy, aged about forty-five; Jack, aged about twenty-six; Sophia, aged about twenty-four; Harry, aged about twenty-one; Alexander, agea about nineteen; and Ned, aged about thirteen; which said negroes are admitted to be of the value of two thousand three hundred and twenty-five dollars; which sum, with interest thereon from the Ist day of September 1827, at which time said negroes were demanded of defendant by plaintiff's agent; and it is agreed the said sum and interest would amount

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Smith v. Bell.'
to two thousand six hundred and fifteen dollars sixty-two and a half cents, which last sum is sought by plaintiff to be recovered of defendant in this action of trover. It is further agreed, that said Jesse Goodwin, the person named in the will of Britain B. Goodwin, did, in due form, execute to John Smith T., the plaintiff, the following bill of sale, to wit: c I have sold to John Smith T. all my right, title, interest, and claim to the estate of my father, Britain B. Goodwin; and I do hereby authorize the said John Smith T. to bring whatever suit or suits may be necessary to recover all of the property I am or may be entitled to from the said estate; to act in all cases as he, the said John, may think proper, and to convert the property he may recover to his own proper fise, and give any receipts or acquittances in my name which may be necessary, hereby vesting the before named John Smith T. with all the power I could use in my own proper person, were I personally present; for value received.
Witness my hand and seal this 31st day of March 1815. JESSE GOODWIN [L. s.].".
Said bill of sale has been duly proved and. registered, in pursuance of the statute of th6 state of Tennessee in such cases made and provided.
The case was argued by Mr Key for the plaintiff, with whom also was Mr Grundy: no counsel appeared for the defendant.
It was contended for the plaintiff, that in this, as in all cases 'of wills, such a construction is to be given as will carry into effect all the intentions of the testator; such as will give meaning and force to all the words of the will. A construction which will make some of the words senseless, and some of the provisions nugatory, ought to be rejected.
Here the difficulty arises from the words "to and for her own use and benefit, and dispopal absolutely.5 ' They are thought to be added to show the extent of the wife's interest, and to describe her right to the property; and that, thus giving her an absolute and entire interest in the things, there is nothing left; no 4remainder" for the son; and that the sucdeeding bequest to him is therefore void.
If these words were out of the will, the case would be a

SUPREME COURT.
[Smith v. Bell.]
clear one for the son; as in 12 Wheat. 568, where an absolute bequest of slaves is qualified by a subsequent limitation over.
Do these words, then, necessarily purport to define the extent of the wife's interest? If any other meaning can be given to them, this should not be, because they would thus be made tautological and senseless. The term "give" used before, implies all 'his. It is making the testator say over again what he had, already said in this word, and would make some of the words of the will useless; and to assign this meaning to them, annuls the provision immediately succeeding in favour of the son.
It has been a frequent practice to adopt this mode of reasoning in the construction of wills; and to give another meaning to the words used by a testator, by the mere force of a succeeding provision in the instrument. This was done in the case cited from 12 Wheat. 568: so also in case of a fee-simple limited to a fee-t,il, the word "heirs" has been construed to mean children. 2 Ves. 501; 1 Bro. C. R. 489; 8 Ves. 22. This mode of construction has been employed in order to use all the words of a will. The previous words are to be restrained and qualified by those used subsequently; and the subsequent words are to be more regarded, if they are in conflict with the previous- language of the instrument. Chief Justice Parsons in Dawes v. Swann, 4 Mass. 208. May not, then, another meaning be given them? If susceptible of such, they ought to have it.
The testator had given the property by positive words; and he then inserts this parenthesis-not to describe what he had done, which was not necessary, but to do something which he thought he had omitted: to point out the mode, not the extent, In which his wife was to enjoy the property. It was to be "for her own use and benefit and disposal absolutely:" meaning that she should be uncontrolled in its enjoyment, unaccountable, not to be interfered with by him in remainder; or that it was to be her separate estate, not to be divested or affected by her future coverture. "At her disposal" makes it her separate property. Cited Bradley v. Westcott, 13 Ves. 445; 5 Maddock, 491; 7 Vin. Ab. 95, pl. 43. Or these words may mean the intention of the testator that the legatee should have

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Smith v. Bell.]
the property for her support. "Use and benefit" are equivalent terms to support.
Here the son is to have something, and therefore the wife of the testator was not to have all. He is to have the "remainder;" the remainder at the decease of the wife: that would be, what she'had not used or disposed of for her support, or her benefit. During her life, the wife was to have the use of the property; at her death he is to have that which might remain, after her full enjoyment of all the benefits of the bequest. 1 P. Wms, 655; 1 Bro. C. R. 489; 2 Ves. 501. The testator's meaning sufficiently appears from the whole will. His first purpose was to provide for his wife as long as she lived, as far as might be necessary; to the whole extent of his means. For this end he uses the language, to her ",use and benefit, and disposal absolutely." His second object was to provide for his son; and he gave him the "remainder" of the property, after the decease of his wife. What remainder? What his wife might have after supporting herself during her life. If the use of the property should be found insufficient, she might dispose of it absolutely.
Although she had a right to dispose of the property absolutely, her marriage with the defendant, Robert Bell, was not such a disposal as was contemplated by the will. The husband took the property as the legatee held it; subject to the remainder of the son, if not necessary to be disposed of for the use of the wife.
Nor should it be urged, that as nothing is said about the subsistence of the legatee, the interpleader which is claimed for the plaintiff will not be allowed. This was plainly implied; the intention of the testator is equally clear with that in the case cited. The nature of the property was such as to furnish an income to the wife, and to produce the means of her support and maintenance.
The gift of the "remainder" clearly shows that the testator meant there should be a remainder, after the use of the property by his wife; if there should be any remainder consistently with his wife's support until her decease. He intended to give his son what should then be left-what should "remain" of the propeity which she had enjoyed during life. He intended to give the legatee the "use," "benefit,"
VOL. VI.-K

SUPREME COURT.
[Smith v. Bell.]
and "disposal" of the negroes for all the purposes of the bequest, her support. She was not allowed to will the property away; she was allowed to dispose of it during her life; not at her death; because it was given to'her for the support of her life.
Neither did the legatee, the wife of Britain B. Goodwin, or her husband, dispose of the property. It now remains in kind, as at the decease of the testator; and as such is claimed by the son.
The words of Xhe will also indicate a limitation of the property, provided the use and benefit of the same should not be interfered with by such limitation. By giving the remainder after the decease of the legatee, the testator declared that it should not be disposed of at her death; thus qualifying the general words to a use, benefit and disposal during her life, which is equivalent to saying in express terms, that the use and benefit should be during life only.
If it is argued that such property might be consumed in the use, and therefore there can be no remainder limited in it: it is answered that the modern cases show that even after a life estate or interest in consumable things, such a remainder inay be given. 3 Yes. 311; 1 Roper on Legacies, 209.
Mr Chief Justice MARSEAiL delivered the opinion of the
Court. This case is adjourned to this court from the court of the
United States for the seventh circuit and district of East Tennessee, on a point on which the judges of that court were divided in opinion.
The plaintiff brotht. an action of trover and conversion. against the defendant, for several slaves in his declaration mentioned. He claimed the slaves under the following clause in the will of Britain B. Goodwin: "also, I give to my-wife, Elizabeth Goodwin, all my personal estate whatsoever and wheresoever, and of what nature, ldnd and quality soever, after payment of my debts, legacies -and funeral expenses, which personal estate I give and bequezth unto my said wife, Elizabeth Goodwin, to and for her own use and benefit, and dispbsal absolutely; the remainder of the said estate after her decease, to be for the use of the said Jesse Goodwin."

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Smith v. Bell.]
Elizabeth Goodwin took the estate of the testato" into her possession, and intermarried with Robert Bell, the defendant. After which the said Jesse Goodwin sold his interest therein to the plaintiff, who, after the death of Elizabeth,' instituted this suit. Upon the trial the following questions occurred, on which the judges were divided in opinion: "c whether, by the will of said Britain B. Goodwin, said Elizabeth Goodwin had an absolute title to the personal estate of said Britain B. Goodwin, or only a life estate; and also, whether said Jesse Goodwin, by said will, had a vested remainder that would come into possession on the death of said Elizabeth," or was said remainder void?"
The first and great rule in the exposition of wills, to which all other rules must bend, is, that the intentioi, of the testator expressed in his will shall prevail, provided it be consistent with the rules of law. Doug. 322; 1 Black. Rep. 672. This principle is generally asserted in the construction of every testamentary disposition. It is emphatically tle will of the person who makes it, and is defined to be "the legal declaration of a man's intentions, which he wills to be performed after his death." 2 Black. Com. 499. These intentions are to be collected from his words, and ought to be carried into effect if they be consistent with law.
In the construction of ambiguous expressions, the situation of the parties may very properly be taken into view. The ties which connect the testator with his legatees, the affection subsisting between them, the motives which may reasonably be supposed to operate with him, and to influence him in the disposition of his property, are all entitle to consideration in expounding doubtful words, and ascertainitig the meaning in which the testator used them.
In the will under consideration, but two persons are mentioned-a wife and a son. The testator attempts, in express words, to make a provision for both out of the same property. The provision for the wife is immediate, that for the son is to take effect after her death. The words of the *ill make both provisions, but it is doubted whether both can have effect. In the first member of the sentence he says, cc I give to my wife, Elizabeth Goodwin, all my personal estate whatsoever and wheresoever, and of what nature, kind and quality soever,

SUPREME COURT.
[Smith v. Bell.]
after payment of my debts, legacies and funeral expenses; which personal estate I give and bequeath unto my said wife, Elizabeth Goodwin, to and for her own use and benefit and disposal absolutely."
It must be admitted that words could fiot have been employed which would be better fitted to give the whole personal estate absolutely to the wife; or which would more clearly express that intention. But the testator proceeds: "the remainder of said estate, after her decease, to be for the use of the said Jesse Goodwin." Jesse Goodwin was his son.
These words give the"remainder of the estate, after his wife's decease, to the son, with as much clearness as the preceding words give the whole estate to his wife. They manifest the intention of the testator to make a future provision for his son, as clearly as the first part of the bequest manifests his intention to make an immediate provision for his wife. If the first bequest is to take effect accoiding to the obvious import of the words taken alone, the last is expunged from the will. The operation of the whole clause will be precisely the same as if the last member of the sentence were stricken out; yet both clauses are equally the words of the testator, are equally binding, and equally claim the attention of those who may construe the will. We are no more at liberty to disregard the last member of the sentence than the first. No rule is better settled, than that the whole will is to be taken together, and is to be so construed as to give effect, if it be possible, to the whole. Either the last member of the sentence must be totally rejected, or it must influence the construction of the first so as to restrain. the natural meaning of its words: either the bequest to the son must be stricken out, or it must limit the bequest to the wife, and confine it to her life. The limitation in remainder, shows that, in the opinion of the testator, the previous words had given only an estate for iife. This was the sense in which he used them.
It is impossible to read the will- without perceiving a clear intention to give the personal estate to,the son after the death of his mother. "The remainder of the said estate, after her decease, to be for the use of the said Jesse Goodwin." Had the testator been asked whether he intended to give any thing

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Smith v. Bell.]
by this bequest to his son, the words of the clause would have answered the question in as plain terms as our language affords.
If we look to the situation of the parties, to the motives which might naturally operate on the testator, to the whole
circumstances, so far as they appear, in the case; we find every, reason for supporting the intention, which the words, giving effect to all, of themselves import.
The only two objects of the testator's bounty, were his wife and his son. Both must have been dear to him. The will furnishes no indication of his possessing any land. His personal estate was probably small, too s malio to be divided. It appears to have consisted of a negro woman and four others, probably her children. Their relative ages, which are stated in the plafintiff's declaration, would indicate that. the woman was the mother of the other four. A sixth is sued for, but he was not born at the death of the testator. The value of the other articles, which constituted his personal estate, is not mentioned, but it was probably inconsiderable. Farmers and planters, having no real estate, and only five slaves-a woman and four children, have rarely much personal estate in addition to their slaves. The testator was not in a condition to make any present provision for an only child, without lessening that he wished to make for his wife. He therefore gives to his son only a horse and one feather bed. The residue is given to his wife.
What feelings, what wishes might be supposed to actuate a husband and a father, having so little to bestow on a wife and child he was about to leave behind him? His affections would prompt him to give something to both. He could not be insensible to the claims of either. But if his property would not, in his opinion, bear immediate division, the only practiable mode of accomplishing his object, would be to give a present interest to one, and a future interest to the other. All his feelings would prompt him to make, as far as was in his power, a comfortable provision for his wife during her lifer and for his child after her decease. This he has attempted to do. No principle in our nature could prompt him to give his property to the future husband of his wife, to the exclusion of his only child. Every consideration, theh, suggested by the relation of the parties and the circumstances of the case, comes

SUPREME COURT.
(Smith v. Bell.]
in aid of that construction which would give effect to the last as well as first clause in the will; which would support the bequest of the remainder to the son, as well as the bequest to the wife. It is not possible to doubt that this was the intention of the testator.
Is this intention controverted by any positive rule of law? Has the testator attempted to do that which the law forbids?
The rule that a remainder may be limited, after a life estate in personal property, is as well settled as any other principle of our law. The attempt to create such limitation is not opposed by the policy of the law, or by any of its rules. If the intention to create such limitation is manifested in a will, the courts will sustain it. Some other rule of law then must bear on the case, or the intention will prevail.
It is stated in many cases, that where there are two intents inconsistent with eachi other, that which is primary Will control that which is secondary: but the intent to provide for the wife during life, is not' inconsistent with the intent to provide for the son, by giving him the same property after her decease. The two intents stand very well together, and are consistent; as well with the probable intention, as with the words of the testator. The intention'to give the personal estate absolutely to the wife, is, it is true, inconsistent with the intention to give it after her decease to his son; but which of them is the primary intent? which ought to control the other? If we are governed by the words, if we endeavour to give full effect to them all, or if we are influenced by the relation of the parties, and the motives which probably governed in making the will, no such inconsistent intentions exist: but if they do exist, we perceive no motive for ascribing any superior strength to that which would provide for those who might claim the estate of the wife after her decease; to that which would provide, after her decease, for the only child of the testator.
To create these inconsistent intentions-this intention to do, in limiting this remainder, what the policy of the law forbids, the bequest to the wife must be construed to give her the power to sell or consume the whole personal estate during her life; which is totally incompatible with a gift of what remains at her death. The remainder, after such a bequest, is said to be void for uncertainty.

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Smith v. Bell.]
As this construction destroys totally the legacy, obviously intended for the son by his father, it will not be made unless it be indispensable. No effort to explain the words in a different sense, can do so much violence to the clause, as the total rejection of the whole bequest, given in express terms to an only son.
The first part of the clause which gives the personal estate to the wife, would undoubtedly, if standing alone, give it to her absolutely. But all the cases admit that a remainder limited on such a bequest would be valid, and that the wife would take only for life. The difficulty is produced by the subsequent words. They are "which personal estates I give and bequeath unto my said wife, Elizabeth Goodwin, to and for her own use and benefit, and disposal absolutely." The operation of these words, when standing alone, cannot be questioned. But suppose the testator had added the words ";during her life." These words would have restrained those which preceded them; and have limited the use and benefit, and the absolute disposal given by the prior words, to the use and benefit, and to a disposal for the life of the wife. 13 Yes. 444. The words then are susceptible of such limitation. It may be imposed on them by other words. Even the words "disposal absolutely" may have their absolute character qualified by restraining words, connected with, and explaining them to mean, such absolute disposal as a tenant for life may make.
If this would be true, provided the restraining words "for her life" had been added, why may not other equivalent words, others which equally manifest the intent to restrain the estate of the wife to her life, be allowed the same operation. Tie words "the remainder of said estate, after her decease, to be for the use of the said Jesse Goodwin," are, we think, equivalent. They manifest with equal clearness the intent to limit the estate given to her, to her life, and ought to have the same effect. They are totally inconsistent with an estate in the wife, which is to endure beyond her.life.
Notwithstanding the reasonableness and good sense of this general rule, that the intention shall prevail, it has been some times disregarded. If the testator attempts to effect that which the law forbids, his will must yield to the rules of law. But

SUPREME COURT.
[Smith v. Bell.]
courts have sometimes gone farther. The construction put upon words in one will, has been supposed to furnish a rule for construing the same words in other wills; and thereby to furnish" some settled and fixed rules of construction which ought to be respected.
'Wecannot say that this principle ought to be totally disregarded; but it should never be carried so far as to defeat the plain intent; if that intent may be carried into execution without violating the rules of law. It has been said truly, 3 Wils. 141, "1that cases on wills may guide us.to general rules of construction; but, unless a case cited be in every respect directly in point, and agree in every circumstance, it will have little or no weight with the court, who always look upon the intention of the testator as the polar star to direct them in the construction of wills."
In Porter v. Tournay, 3 Ves. 311, Lord Alvanley declared his opinion to be, "that a gift for life, if specific, of things qum ipso usu consumuntur,is a gift of the property; and that there cannot be a limitation after a life interest in such articles." In the case of Randall v. Russell, 3 Mer. 190, the master of the rolls inclines to the same opinion. But these cases do not turn on the construction of the wills, but on the general policy of the law in cases where the legacy is of articles where "the use and the property can have no separate existence."
One of the strongest cases in which the court of chancery has decided that the legatee first named took absolutely, though there was a limitation in remainder, is that of Bule v. Kingston, 1 Mer. 314.
Ann Ashby, by her will, gave the sum of fifteen hundred pounds, bank annuities, to John Earl Talbot, his executors, &c. in trust for her sister Charlotte Williams for her separate use; and "all other sums that may be due'to her," she left in trust with the said John Earl Talbot for the use of her said sister: "what I have not otherwise disposed of, I give to my said sister the unlimited right of disposing of by will, excepting to E. P. &c.; and in case my said sister dies without a will, I give all that may remain of my fortune at her decease to my godson William Ashby. The rest and residue of my fortune I give to my sister Charlotte Williams, making her the sole executrix of this my last will and testament."

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Smith v. Bell.]
Charlotte Williams made a will, by which she appears to have disposed of the whole of her own estate, but not to have executed the power contained in the will of Ann Ashby. What remained of her estate was claimed by the representative of the husband, who survived his wife, Charlotte Williams; and also by William Ashby, under the bequest to him of what might remain at the decease of Charlotte Williams; if she should die without a will. The master of the rolls being of opinion that the whole vested in Charlotte Williams, decided in favour of the representative of her husband, and that the bequest to William Ashby was void.
In support of this decree it might be urged that, as the remainder to William Ashby was limited on the event of her sister dying without a will, which event did not happen, the remainder could not take effect. Or, which is stronger ground, that the whole will manifests an intention to give every thing to her sister; and that the eventual limitation in favour of William Ashby, accompanied as it is by various explanatory provisions, does not show such an intention in his' favour as to defeat the operation of the clauseg in favour of Charlotte Williams, which show a superior solicitude to provide for her. The testatrix gives to her sister the unlimited right of disposing of whatever may not have been bequeathed by herself, thereby enabling her to. defeat the contingent remainder to William Ashby; and then gives to her sister all the rest and residue of her fortune. The sister is obviously, on the face of the whole will taken together, the favourite legatee; and no violence is done to the intention, by giving to bequests to her their full effect, uncontrolled by the contingent remainder to William Ashby.
But the master of the rolls does not place his decree on this ground, and we must understand it as he understood it himself.
He says, it is impossible to make sense of the will, if,the residuary clause is to be taken as distinct from what goes before it. "It is evident the testatrix perceived a defect in her intended disposition of the entire property in favour of Mrs Williams, And that she had only given a power where she meant to give the absolute interest. To supply that defect she gives the residue by the clause in question; and then the will
VOL. VI.-L

SUPREME COURT.
[Smith v.Bell.]
is to be read as if it stood thus:-' I give to Charlotte Williams the residue of my estate, together with the right of disposing of the same by will, except to E. P.; and if she dies without a will, then I give whatever may remain at her death to William Ashby.' She gives to Charlotte Williams, as a married woman, the right of disposing by will of the property vested in her, independently of the control of her husband, and she intended at the same time, that if any thing was left undisposed of by her, it should go to William Ashby. But this is an intention that must fail on account of its uncertainty. Charlotte therefore took the absolute interest in the prb,serty," &c.
This opinion is not so carefully expressed as to remove all doubts respecting its real meaning, and to show precisely whether the uncertainty which destroyed the validity of the remainder belonged to all cases in which property was given in general terms, with a power to use it and to dispose of it; or belonged to those cases only in which analogous circumstances were found. The master of the rolls admits that the testatrix intended to dispose of the entire property in favour of Mrs Williams, but perceived that she had only given a power, where she meant to give the absolute interest. In speaking afterwards of the right given to Charlotte Williams of disposing by will, he says, it is ; of the property vested in her independent of the control of her husband."
The whole opinion furnishes strong reason to believe that the master of the rolls considered himself as pursuing the intention of the testatrix in declaring the remainder void, and that Charlotte Williams took absolutely. It would be difficult, we think, to support the proposition, that a personal thing, not consumed by the use, could not be limited in remainder after a general bequest to a person in being, with a power to use ard even dispose of it; provided the whole will showed a clear intention to limit the interest of the.first-taker to his life.
In Upwell v. Halsey, 1 P. W. 651, the testator directs "9that such part of his estate as his wife should leave of her subsistence should return to his sister and the heirs o'f her body." The court observed, " as to what has been insisted on, that the wife had a power over the capital or principal sum; that is true, provided it had been necessary for her sub-

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Smith v. Bell.]
sistence, not otherwise; so that her marriage was not a gift in law of this trust money. Let the master see how much of this personal estate has been applied for the wife's subsistence; and for the residue of that which came to the defendant, the second husband~s hands, let him account."
This decree is founded on the admission, that in a case in which the first taker might expend an uncertain part of the thing given, a remainder might be limited. The uncertainty of the sum whiqh might remain, formed no objection. The cases are numerous in which the intent has controlled express words.
In the case of Cowper v. Earl Cowper, 2 P. W. 720, several questions were discussed, which arose on the will of Robert Booth; one of which was founded on a bequest of money to Mr Samuel Powell, to be laid, out in lands, to be settled " in trust for and to the use of my son and daughter, William Cowper, Esquire, and Judith his wife, for the term of their lives, and after the decease of my daughter, then to the child or children," &c. It became a question of some importance whether the limitation over took effect on the death of the daughter, or on the death of the husband, who survived her. The master of the rolls was of opinion, that it took effect on the death of the wife, being of opinion that the express words giving the estate to both for their joint lives, though always adjudged to carry the estate to the survivor, were restrained to the wife by the subsequent words which give the remainder "after the decease of his daughter." "If the latter words be not so taken, they must," he says, "be totally rejected."
After reviewing the various decisions on the effect of such limitations, he adds, 'so in our case, the words subsequent to the limitation, ' and after the decease of my daughter to the child or children,' &c., show the testator's intert, and must determine the effects of the limitation, especially in a will, where the intent overrules the legal import of the words; be they never so express and determinate."
In finding this intent every word is to have its effect. Every word is to be taken according to the natural and common import; but whatever may be the strict grammatical construction of the words, that is not to govern, if the intention of the tes-

SUPREME COURT
[Smith Y.Bell.j
tator unavoidably requires a different construction. 4 Ves.
329, 57, 311. The court said in Sims v. Doughty, 5 Ves. 247, "and if two
parts of the will are totally irreconcileable I know of no rule but by taking the subsequent words.as an indication of a subsequent intention."
Blackstone, in his Commentaries, Vol. II..380, asserts the same principle. The approved doctrine, however, unquestionably is, that they should, if possible, be reconciled, and the intention be collected from the whole will.
In the case before the court, it is, we thiak, impossible to mistake the intent. The testator unquestionably intended to make a present provision for his wife, and a future provision for his son. This intention can be defeated only by expunging, or rendering totally inoperative, the last clause of the will. In doing so, we must disregard a long series of opinions, mak-, ing the intention of the testator the polar star to guide us in the constructioh of wills, because we find words which indicate an intention to permit the first taker to use part of the estate bequeathed.
This suit is brought, for slaves,-a species of property not consumed by the use, and in which a remainder may be limited after a life esiate. They composed a part, and probably the most important part, of the personal estate given to the wife 4Lo and for her own use and benefit, and/disposal absolutely." But in this personal estate, according to the usual condition of persons in the situation of the testator, there were trifling and perishable articles, such as the stock on a farm, household furniture, and the crop of the year, whiich would be consumed in the use; and over which the exercise of absolute ownership was necessary to a full enjoyment. These may have been in the mind of the testator when he employed the strong words of the bequest to her. But be this as it may, we think the limitation tothe son on the death of the wife rdstrains and limits the preceding words so as to confine the power of absolute disposition, which they purport to confer of the slaves, to such a disposition of-them as may be made by a person having only a life estate in them. This opinion is to be certified to the circuit court.

JANUARY TERM 1832.

85

[Smith v. Bell.)
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the district of East Tennessee, and on the points and 4uestions on which the judges of the said circuit court were opposed in opinion, and which were certified to this Court for its opinion, agreeably to the act of congress in such case made and provided, and was argued by counsel on the part of the plaintiff; on consideration whereof, this Court is of opinion, that Elizabeth Goodwin took only a life estate, by the will of Britain B. Goodwin, in the slaves belonging to the personal estate of the said Britain B. Goodwin, and that Jesse Goodwin had, by said will, a vested remainder in the said slaves that would come into possession on the death of the said Elizabeth. All of which is hereby ordered and adjudged to be certified to the said circuit court as the opinion of this Court.

SUPREME COURT.
LEssEE OF MORDECAx Lrvy, ELTIZA3ETH LEVY, CHAPMAN LEVY AND ROSiNA HIs wiFE, BELLA HART, BELLA COHFN, RHINA MORDEcAi, FLORA LEVY AND JACOB HxNRy v. PETER M'CARTEE.
Under the laws of New York, one citizen of the state cannot Inherit in the collateral line to the other, when he must make his pedigree or title through a deceasedalien ancestor.
The legislature must be presumed to use words in their known and ordinary signification, unless that sense be repelled by the context. "The common law" is constantly used in contradistinction to the statute law.
Descents are, as is well known, of two sorts, lineal, as from father to son, or grandfather to son or grandson; and collateral, as from brother to brother, and cousip to cousin, &c. They are also distinguished into mediate and immediate. But here the terms are susceptible of different interpretations, which circumstance has introduced some confusion into legal discussions, since different judges have used them in different senses. A descent may be said to be mediate o' immediate in regard to the mediate or immediate descent of the estate or right; or it ma- be-said to be mediate or immediate, in regard to the mediateness or immediateness of the pedigree or degrees of consanguinity. Thus a descent from the grandfather, who dies in possession, to the grandchild, the father being then dead, or from the uncle to the nephew, the brother being dead, is in law an immediate descent, although the one is collateral and the otherlineal; for the heir is in the per, and not in theper and cui. Onthe other hand, with reference to the line of pedigree or consanguinity, a descent is often said to be immediate, when the ancestor from' ooL the party derives his blood is, immediate and without any intervening link or degree; and mediate when the kindred is derived from him, mediante altero, another ancestor intervening between them.
That an alien has no inheritable blood, and can neither take land himself by descent, or transmit land from himself to others by descent, is common learning.
The case of Collingwood v. Pace, 1 Ventris's Rep. 413, furnishes conclusive evidence that by the common law, in all cases of mediate descents, if any mediate ancestor through whom the party makes his pedigree as beir is an alien, that is a bar to his title as heir.
THIS case came before the court on a certificate of division in opinion of the judges of the circuit court of the United
States for the southern district of New York. In that court the-4essee of the plaintiffs instituted an action
of ejectment for the recovery of certain real estate in the city of New York. The jury found the following special verdict.
And the jurors aforesaid, upon their oaths aforesaid, do further find, that, at the time of the commencement of this suit, to

JANUARY TIRM 1822.
[Lessee of Levy et al. v. M'Cartee.)
wit, on the 22d day of April in the year 1828, the said defendant, Peter M'Cartee, was in the possession of the lands and premises in question in this suit, known and described as a house and lot numbered forty-seven, fronting on Murray 'street, in the city of New York. And the jurors aforesaid, upon their oaths aforesaid, do further find, that Philip Jacobs, late of the city of New York, on the 6th day of October, in the year 1818, Was seised in fee simple of the said premises in question, and on that day the said Philip Jacobs, being so seised thereof, and leaving no child born to him, the said Philip Jacobs, but his wife Elizabeth was then pregnant of a female child, which, was born alive on the 23d day of January in the year 1819, which female child continued to live until the 5th day of April in the year 1821, and then the said child died without issue. And the jurors aforesaid, upon their oaths aforesaid, do further find, that the said Philip Jacobs was born in Germany, and that he came to the city of New York before the year 1772, where he resided in that year, and that he continued to reside there until his death. And the jurors aforesaid, upon their oaths aforesaid, do further find, that the said Philip Jacobs had one brother only, and his name was Simon Jacobs, who was also born in Germany,.but who went to England, and resided in London from the year 1765 till his death, in the year 1807; that said Simon Jacobs. never came to America; that said Simon Jacobs had two sons, to wit, Jacob and Abraham; that the said son Jacob came from London to Nbw York in the year 1808, and remained at New York a short time- and then went to Cafiada, where he soon after died, having never been married; and the other son of said Simon Jacobs never was in Ameria, and now resides in England: and the said Philip Jacobs also had a sister, who was born in Germany, and lived and died there, leaving several children, born and residingthere. And the jurors aforesaid, upon their oath aforesaid, do further find, that the father and mother of the said Philip Jacobs were born in Germany, and they both died before the death of said Philip Jacobs. And the jurors aforesaid, upon their oaths aforesaid, do further find, that Leipman Cohen was brother of the mother of the said Philip Jacobs; that the said Leipman Cohen and his wife.

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Levy et ai. v. M'Cartee.]
were also born in Germany; that they had children, three sons, to wit, Philip; Moses and Elias; and three daughters, Jane, Mary, and Catharine; that all the said children of Leipman Cohen Were born in Germany; that said Leipman Cnhen, with his said children, removed to England many years before the year 1822, and continued to reside in England until his death. And the jurors aforesaid, upon their oaths aforesaid, do further find, that the said Philip, son of Leipman Cohen, came from London to America, ad resided-in South Carolina from the year 1772 until the' year 1786, when he died without issue, having never been married. And the jurors aforesaid, on their oaths aforesaid, do further find, that Moses Cohen, son of the said Leipman Cohen, came from London to the city of New York in the year 1772; that in the same year the said Moses Cohen went to Charleston, in South Carolina, where he married Judith de Lyon; that he soon after removed to Savannah, in Georgia, and resided there from the year 1774 until his death, which occurred in the year 1791; that the said Moses Cohen had two daughters of his said marriage, to wit, Rhina and Bella, who were born in Charleston or Savannah aforesaid, and the said Rhina 'is now forty-one years of age, and is the widow of Mordecai, and was such widow at the commencement of this suit; the said Bella Cohen is now forty years of age; and the said Rhina and Bella have resided within the United States of America ever since their birth. The said Bella Cohen has never been married. The said Rhina and Bella are now alive, and reside in Charleston aforesaid, and are the only children of said Moses Cohen, and are two lessors of the plaintiff in this suit. And the jurors aforesaid, upon their oaths aforesaid, do further find, that Mary, one of the daughters of said Leipman Cohen, was lawfully married to Mordecai Levy, in London aforesaid, where she and her said husband continued to reside until their death; and they had of such marriage five children, to wit, one son named Emanuel, and four daughters, to wit, Jane, Bella, Hannah and Flora, which children were all born in London. aforesaid; and they all came to Charleston, in South 'Carolina, between the year 1788 and the year 1792. The said Bella Levy afterwards married Daniel Hart, and is now his widow, and resides in Charleston aforesaid. The said Hannah Levy is now the wife

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Lessee of Levy et aL v. M'Cartee.]
of Moses Davies, and resides in the city of New York. Said Flora Levy married Michael Emanuel before she came from London to Charleston; and she and her said husband hoth died in Charleston, in South Carolina, leaving their children there, to wit, Michael, Nathan, Simon, Joel, Charlotte, and another daughter, whose name is unknown. The children of said Floraj by her said husband Michael Emanuel, were all born in England. The said Charlotte, and the other daughter of Flora Emanuel, whose name is unknown, -were never married, and they are both dead. And the jurors aforesaid, upon their oaths aforesaid, do further find, that the said Emanuel Levy, the son of Mary and Mordecai Levy, died in the year 1816, leaving lawful issue, to wit, a son named Mordecai Levy, one ofthe lessors of the plaintiff, now living in the state of South Carolina; a daughter, Flora, who married Chapman Levy of South Carolina, and died in the year 1823, leaving a daughter named Flora, one of the lessors of the plaintiff, now living in South Carolina aforesaid, and six years old. Said Emanuel Levy also left another daughter named Rosina, who was married to the said Chapman Levy after the death of her said sister Flora. The said Chapman Levy and Rosina his wife, are two of the lessors of the plaintiff, and reside in the state of
South Carolina aforesaid; and the said Rosina has died since the commencement of this suit, leaving an infant son of her said marriage, named Edward Anderson Levy; and the said Emanuel Levy also left a daughter named Elizabeth, who is now living, aged fifteen years, and is one of the lessors of the plaintiff, and resides in South Carolina aforesaid.' All the said children of the said Emanuel Levy were born in Charleston aforesaid, and the said Chapman and all his children were born in South Carolina And the jurors aforesaid, upon their oaths aforesaid, do further find, that Chtharine, one of the said daughters of Leipman Cohen, died unmarried and while an infant; that the son of said Leipman Cohen, named Elias, had children and is dead; and tljat the said Elias and his children were born in Germany, and have never been in America. And the jurors aforesaid, upon their oaths aforesaid, do further find, that the said Leipman Cohen and his wife, and their children, and the said Philip Jacobs and his said brother Simon Jacobs, and their father and mother, were all natives of Germany, and
VOL. VI.-O

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Levy et al. v. M'Cartee.]
were all Jews. And the jurors aforesaid, upon their oaths aforesaid, do further find, that the said land and premises in question in this suit are of the value of more than two thousand dollars. And the jurors aforesaid, upon their oaths aforesaid, do further find, that, on the 7th day of September, in the year 1818, the said Philip Jacobs, being seised in fee simple of the said lands and premises, made his last will and testament in writing, and signed, sealed and published, and declared the same as and for his last will and testament, in the presence of three credible witnesses, who, at his request, and in his prisence, and in the presence of each other, severally subscribed their names as witnesses thereto; that the said will remained unrevoked and uncancelled at the-time of the death of the said Philip Jacobs; and which will and testament is in the words and figures following, to wit:
After giving certain. legacies, anl making provision for his wife, the testator proceeds to dispose of his real estate as fol1ows:
"It is my will, that if, at the time of my decease, there shall be any child of mine alive, that then all the rents and profits of my real estate shall be received by my executors hereinafter named, or the survivor or survivors of them, and be applied by him or them to the support, maintenance and education of such child, until such child attain the age of twenty-one years, or intermarry; and if, from the yearly application of such rents and profits to the purposes aforesaid, there should be a surplus remaining, the said executors, or the survivor or survivors of them, shall, from time to time, in his or their discretion, invest the same in some safe stock, for the benefit of said child, to be paid over to such child at the age bf twenty-one years, or on marriage, whichever event shall first take place; and that my said executors, or the survivor or survivors of them, receive for such their trouble and attention such sums as the law may allow. Item-After the payment of all legacies and other bequests contained in this my last will, I do hereby give, devise and bequeath all the rest, residue and-remainder of my estate, real and personal, to the Orphan Asylum Society in the city of New York, to he applied to the charitable purposes for Which said association was established; this bequest to take effect immediately after all other debts and legacies are paid,

JANUARY TERM 1832.

107

(Lessee of Levy et-al. v. M'Cartee.]

if I should leave no child at the time of my death, or, if I should leave a child, then upon the death, intermarriage, or the attaining the age of twenty-one years by such child. Item-I do hereby devise and bequeath unto my said executors, or the surviyor or the survivors of them, or such of them as may act in the premises, all my real estate, of whatsoever nature or kind the same na be, subject to the trusts aforesaid; and it is my will, that whenever such child shall attain the age of twenty-one years, or marry, that my real estate be sold by my said executors, or the survivor or survivors of them, or ouch of them as may act herein, and the one half of the proceeds thereof paid to my said child, if the said child shall attain the age of twenty-one years or marry. And lastly, I do nominate and appoint my worthy friends, Peter M'Cartee, Richard Cunningham and John Anthon, all of the city of New York, Esqs., to be the executors of this my last will and testament In witness whereof, I, the said Philip Jacobs, have hereunto set my hand and seal, the 7th day of September 1818.

[L. s.]

"PHILIP JAcoBs."

But whether or not, upon the whole matters aforesaid, by

the jurors aforesaid in form aforesaid found, the said Peter

M'Cartee is guilty of the trespass and ejectment above mentioned, the jurors aforesaid are ignorant; and therefore they pray the advice of the said circuit court of the United States of

America for the southern district of New York, in the second circuit; and if. upon the wholemmatter aforesaid, it shall seem to the said court that the said plaintiff is entitled to the possess-
ion of the said land and premises claimed by the plaintiff ih
this suit, or of any part thereof, then the jurors aforesaid, upon their oath aforesaid, say, that the said Peter M'Cartee is guilty of the trespass and ejectment aforesaid, in manger and form as the said James Jackson hath above thereof complained against him; and in that case they assess the damages of the said James Jackson, on occasionof the trespass and ejectment aforesaid, besides his costs and charges by him about his suit in that behalf expended, to, six cents, and for his costs and charges to

six cents.

But if, upon the whole matter aforesaid, it shall seem to the said court that the plaintiff is not entitled to the possession of the said land and premises so claimed by the plaintiffs as afore-

SUPREME COURT.
[Lesee of Levy et al. v. M'Cartee.]
said, nor of any part thereof, then the jurors aforesaid, upon their oaths aforesaid, say that the said Peter M'Cartee is not guilty of the trespass and ejectment aforesaid, in manner and form as the said James Jackson hath above thereof complained against him.
And at the October term of the court 1829, the cause came on for argument upon the said special verdict.
And at.the said argument before the said judges, it was contended by the plaintiff's counsel, on his part, that the said lessors, Bella Cohen and Rhina Mordecai, were capable of taking the premises described in said special verdict, whereof the said Philip Jacobs died seised, as therein stated, as heirs at law of the said Jacobs, and his said child; and that the said estate descended and came to the said Bella and Rhina, notwithstanding the alienism of the mother of the said Philip Jacdbs, and his maternal uncle, Leipman Cohen, and their father; but on the part of. the defendant, it was contended by his countel, that, by reason of the said alienism of the said mother of the said Philip Jacobs, and his said maternal uncle, the said estate did not descend and come to Bella Cohen and Ahina Mordecai; and upon this question, which thus occurred before the said court, the opinions of the said judges were opposed; and upon request of the counsel for the plaintiff, the poipt on which said disagreement happened is stated as above set fQrth, under the direction of the said judges, ih order to be certified to the Supreme Court of the United States.
The case' was argued by Mr Hoffman for the lessors of the plaintiffs, and by Mr Wirt for the defendants.
Mr Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the Court. This case comes before the court upon a certificate of division of opinion of the jqdges of the circuit court for the southern district of New York, in a case stated in a special verdict. Philip Jacobs, an American citizen, died in 1818 seised of certain real estate in the state of New York, having made his last will and testament; but the land in controversy in the present suit (which is -an ejectment) is supposed by the plaintiff to.be intestate estate.. Two of the lessors of the plaintiffs, Bella Cohen and Rhina Mordecai are citizens of South Carolina, and claim to be the heirs at law of the testator and of his

JANUARY TERM 1822.
[Lessee of Lev, et al. v. M'Cartee.]
posthumous child, and as such are entitled to the premises. They are the children of Moses Cohen, who was the son of Leipman Cohen, an alien, and the maternal uncle of the testator, and as such claim to be his next of kin. The mother of the testator (who was also an alien) and the said Leipman Cohen and Moses Cohen are dead. The testator died, leaving his wife pregnant, who was afterwards delivered of a posthumous child, who died in infancy in 1821, and who took certain estate under the will, not now material to be mentioned. Under these circumstances the question arises, whether the said lessors of the plaintiffs, notwithstandingthp alienage of the intermediate ancestors through whom they make their pedigree, are capable of taking the premises by descent iform the tustator or his posthumous child, as heirs at law under the laws of New York; and this is the question upon which the judges in the court below were divided in opinion. It resolves itself into this; whether one citizen can inherit in the collateral line to another, when he must make his pedigree or title through a deceased alien ancestor.
The question is one of purely local law, and as such, must be decided by this court. By the thirty-fifth article of the constitution of New York of 1777, it was ordained and declared, ",that such parts of the common law of England, and of the statute law of England and Great Britain, and of the acts of the legislature of the colony of New York, as together did form the law of the said colony on the 19th of April 1775, shall be and continue the law of this state, subject to such alterations and provisions as the legislature of this state shall from time to time make concerning the same." By the statute of 11 and 12 William III. chap. 6, it is enacted, "that all and every person or persons, being the king's natural born subject or subjects, within any of the king's realms or dominions, shall and may hereafter lawfully inherit and be inheritable as heir or heirs, &c., and make their pedigrees and titles by descent from any of their ancestors, lineal or collateral, although the fathei and mother, or fathers and mothers, or other ancestor of such person or persons, by, from, through, or under whom he, she or they shall or may make or derive their title or pedigree, were pr was, or is or are, or shall be born out of the king's allegiance, &c. as freely, &c. as if such father, &c. or

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Levy et al. v. M'Cartee.]
other ancestor, &c. &c. had been naturalized or natural born subjects, &c."
It has been argued at the bar that this statute of William III. extending to all his subjects, within all his dominions, constituted a part of the statute law of England which was in force, and formed a part of the law of New York in the year 1775; and as such was recognized by the constitution of New York. But, assuming for the sake of the argument that this is so, still the inquiry will remain, whether it was in force in New York at the time of the present descent cast; for if it was at that time repealed, it has no bearing on the present case. By an act of the legislature of New York, passed on the 27th of February 1788, chap. 90, sect. 38, itis enacted, "that none of the statutes of England or Great Britain shall be considered as laws of this state." And by the statute of descents of New York, of thc 23d of February 1786, chap. 12, it is enacted "that in all cases of descents not particularly provided for by this act, the common law shall govern." These statutes were in full force at the time of the descent cast in the present case; and of course govern the rights of the parties,
It has been argued, that the reference to the common law in the statute of descents of 1786, includes not only the common law properly so called, but the alterations and amendments which had been made in it by British statutes antecedent to the American revolution; and that the repeal of the British statutes by the act of 1788 repealed them only as statutes, but left them. in full vigour and operation so far as they then constituted a part of the law of New York: thus making them in some sort a part of its common law. We cannot yield to the argument in either respect. Te legislature must be presumed to use words in their known and ordinary signification, unless that sense be repelled by the context. The common law is constantly and: generally used in contradistinction to statute law. This very distinction is pointed out in the clause of the constitution of New York, already cited, "such parts of the cormon law of England, and of the statute law of England and Great Britain, and of the acts, &c. which did form the lavr of the said colony on the 19th of April 1775, shall continue the law of the state." It is too plain for argument, that the common law is here spoken of in its appropriate sense, as the un-

JANUARY TERM 1832.
rLessee of Levy et al. v. M'Cartee.]
written law of the land, independent of statutable enactments. The same meaning must be applied to it in the act respecting descents of 1786. That Sct propounds a scheme of descents varying in many respects from the common law; and then provides that in all cases of descent, not provided for by the act, the common law shall govern. If it had been intended to recognize any statute enactments of England, we should naturally expect to find some clear expression of such an intention by some appropriate words. None such are given; and it is therefore not to be doubted, that the common law canons of descent were referred to, and made the basis of descent in all cases not otherwise positively provided for. In England, the canons of descent by the common law are never confounded with descents specially authorised by statute: .and the statute of New York refers not to any peculiar law of that state, then existing; but to the common origin of our jurisprudence, the common law of England.
There is still less reason for giving the meaning contended for to the repealing clause of the act of 1788; for that would be a plain departure from the very words of the act, without any necessity for such a construction. The words are "that nlone of thestatutesof England, &c., shall be considered as laws of this state." The "statutes of England" can mean nothing else but the acts of parliament. The object was not to repeal some existing laws, but to repeal laws then in force in New York. It would be almost absurd to suppose that the act meant to repeal the statutes of England, which had no operation whatever in that state. What were the British statutes then in force? plainly those referred to, and continued in force by the thirty-fifth article of the constitution already quoted. The repeal then was co-extensive with the original adoption of them. In any other view of the matter, this extraordinary consequence would follow, that the legislature could solemnly perform the vain act of repealing, as statutes, what, in the same breath, it confirmed as the common law of the state; that it would propose a useless ceremony; and by words of repeal would intend to preserve all the existing laws in full force. And this, it may be added, it would be doing at the same time, by contemporaneous legislation, at the same session, as well as in the same act, itwas revising, and incorporating into the text

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Levy et al. v. M'Cartee.3
of its own laws, many of the provisions of the old English statutes, which had previously been, by adoption, a part of its jurisprudence. Such a course of proceeding would be consistent and intelligible, and in harmony with a design to repeal all the English statutes which were not revised and re-enacted; but it -would be unintelligible and inconsistent with a design to retain them all as a part of its own common law.
We think, then, that the statute of William II. constituted no part of the law of New York at the time when the present descent was cast; and that the case must rest for its .decision exclusively upon the principles of the common law. The residue of this opinion will, therefore, be exclusively confined tb the consideration of the common law applicable to it.
In order to clear -the way for a more exact consideration of the subject, it may be proper to take notice of some few distinctions in regard to descents, which are of frequent occurrence in the authorities. Descents are,,as is well known, of two sorts; lineal, as from father or grandfather to son or grandson', and collateral as from brother to brother, and cousin to cousin,. &c. They are also distinguished into mediate and immediate descents. But, here, the terms are susceptible of different interpretations; which circumstance has introduced some confusion into legal discussions, since different judges have used them in different senses: A descent may be said to be mediate or immediate, in regard to the- mediate or immediate descent of the estate or right; or it may be said to be mediate or immediate, in regard to the mediateness or immediateness of the pedigree, or degrees of consanguinity. Thus, a descent from the grandfather, who dies in possession,
to the grandchild (the father being then dead), or from the uncle to the nephew (the brother being dead), is in the former sense in law an immediate descent, although the one is collateral and the other lineal, for the heir is in the per, and not in theper and cui. And this, in the opinion of Lord Chief Justice Bpidgman, Collingwood v. Pace, Bannister's Rep. of Sir 0. Bridgman,410, 418, is the true meaning and appreciation of the terms. So they are used by Lord Coke in his first Institute, Co. Litt. 10, b. On the other hand, with reference to the line of pedigree or consanguinity, a descent is often said to be immediate,

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Lessee of Levy et at. v. W'Cartee.]
when the ancestor, from whom the party derives his blood, is immediate, and without any intervening link or degrees, and mediate when the kindred is derived from him mediante atero, another ancestor intervening between them. Thus, a descent in lineals from father to son is, in this sense, immediate; but a descent from grandfather to grandson (tle father being dead), or from uncle to nephew (thebrother being dead), is deemed mediate; the father and the brother being in these latter cases the medium deferenrs as it is called, of the descent or'consanguinity. And this is the sense in which Lord Hale uses the words, assigning as a reason, that he calls it a mediate descent, because the father or brother ia the medium, through or by whom the son or nephew derives his title to the grandfather or uncle. Collingwood v. Pace, 1 Vent. 413, 415. S. C. 1 Keble, 671. And in this sense the words are equivalent to mediate and immediate ancestors. In the great case of Collingwood v. Pace, upon which we shall hereafter comment at large, these distinctions were insisted on by the learned judges already referred to with much particularity; and they will help us to understand the reasoning of the court with more readiness- and accuracy. We shall constantly use the words in the sense adopted by Lord Hale.
That an alien has no inheritable blood, and can neither take 'land himself by descent, nor transmit land from himself to others by descent, is common learning, and requires no reasoning to support it. If we were to trust to the doctrines promulgated by elementary writers, it is no less true that alienage in any mediate ancestor will interript the descent between persons who are capable of taking and transmitting land by descent. It is so laid down in Comyn's Digest (Alien C. I.), a work of rare excellence and accuracy; and in Bacon'sAbridgement (Alien, C.): and it is implied in the text of Blackstone's Commentaries (2 Black. Comm. 250), where the only exception admitted is of a descent from brother to brother. Lord Coke, in his First Institute, Co. Litt. 8, a, says, that "if an alien cometh into England and bath issue two sons, these two sons are indigenw, subjects born, because they are born within the realm: and yet if one of them purchase lands in fee and dieth without issue, his brother shall not be his heir, for there was never any inheritable blood between the father and them; and
VOL. VI.-P

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Levy et aL. v. M'Cartee.]
where the sons, by no possibility, can be heirs to the father, the one of them shall not be heir to the other." The case put by Lord Coke of a descent from brother to brother afterwards became an exceedingly vexed question, and was finally resolved in the case of Collingwood v. Pace in favour of the descent from brother to brother by seven judges against three, on deliberate argument before all the judges in the exchequer chamber upon an adjournment of the cause from the common pleas. All the judges gave seriatim opinions; but the whole case turned upon the point, whether the descent was to be considered as mediate or immediate. Three judges (Lord Chief Justice Bridgman, and Tyrrel, J. and Keeling, J.) were of opinion that the descent from brother to brother was not immediate, but mediate through the father (mediante patre); the other judges were of opinion that by the common law the descent from brother to brother was immediate, and not through the father, as a medium deferens. The case is reported in various books, and in all of them, considering its magnitude and importance, in a very imperfect and unsatisfactory manner. The original arguments and opinions in the common pleas are given in 1 Keble's Reports, 65; and in the exchequer chamber in 1 Keble, 174, et seq. 216, 265,538, 579, 588, 603, 670,699, in 2 Siderfin's Rep. 193, and.very briefly in I Levin's Rep. 59, S. C. Hard. Rep. 224. The opinion of Lord Hale is reported at large in 1 Ventris's Rep. 413; and Mr Bannister, in his excellent edition of the judgments of Lord Chief Justice Bridgman (Bannister's Rep. 410, 414), has, recently, and for the first time, given us the opinion of this eminent judge from his own manuscript. It is a most luminous and profound argument, and contains a large survey of the whole doctrine of alienage. In this opinion the special verdict is set forth, and thus gets us rid of some of the obscurities thrown upon it in the former reports. The substance of the facts is as follows: Robert Ramsay, an alien, born in Scotland before the accession of the crown of England to king James, had issue four sons, aliens; viz. Robert, Nicholas, John, afterwards earl of Itchderness, and naturalized by an act of parliament in 1 Jac. I. and George, naturalized by an act of parliament, 7 Jac. 1. who afterwards had issue John, the plaintiff's lessor, born in England. Nicholas had issue Patrick, born in England in

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Lessee of Levy et al. v. M'Cartee.]
1618, who had issue William, born in England, who was then living. John, the earl, hav~ig purchased the rectory of Xingston in question in the case, died seised thereof, without issue, in January, 1 Car. I. (1625). Afterwards, in July 1636, George died, leaving issue the said John, the lessor of the plaintiff; afterwards, in May 1638, Nicholas died, leaving the said Patrick his only son living. It did not appear when Robert the eldest son died; but he left three daughters, all aliens born, then living. The question was, whether John, the lessor of the plaintiff, the son of George, would take the premises as heir by descent to the earl, his uncle; or for want of an heir the rectory should escheat to the crown. In the argument of the case by the judgeswe are informed,both by Lord Hale and Lord Bridgman, that three things were agreed to as unquestionable by all of them. 1. That neither the daughters of Robert, the son of Robert, being aliens, nor Patrick, the son of Nicholag, though born in England, can inherit, because his father, throughwhom he must convey his pedigree, was an alien. 2. That as the estate cannot descend to them, so neither do any of them stand in the way to hinder the descent to George. The difference bath been. often put between the case of a son or brother, aliens, who are in law as non-existentes, and the brotler or son of a person attainted, as to this point. 3. That there is no difference between the descent to George and the descent to John his son, the lessor of the plaintiff, who, jure representationis, is the same with the father. If George, having survived John, the earl, niight have inherited the estate, so will John, the son, who represents him. So that the pointof the case came to this, whether, if two brothers of alien parents, one naturalized by acts of parliament, and the one purchaseth lands and dies; the lands shall descend to the other. And so it is put by Lord Bridgman and Lord Hale. In regard to Patrick, the son of Nicholas, it is material to observe, that as Nicholas survived John, the earl, he would, except for his being an alien, have been capable to inherit the latter. But, being alive, he would intercept the descent to' Patrick, who was a native born subject, according to the principles of the common law stated by this court in M'Henry v. Somerville, 9 Wheat. Rep. 354. The learned judges, however, in Collingwood-v. Pace, take no particular notice of the

SUPREME COURT.
fLessee of Levv et al. v. M'Cartee.]
fact that Nicholas was 'i~'iug at the death of John, the earl; but treat the case exactly an the same manner as if he had been then dead; and apparently rely on no distinction as arising from that fact. But George, the brother of John, the earl, survived him, and being a naturalized subject, was capable of taking by descent from him, unless the alienage of his father Robert (whether dead or living) interrupted the descent: and John, the lessor of the plaintiff, jure representationis, derived his title directly from his father.
Having stated these preliminaries, which are necessary for a more clear understanding of the case, it may be lidded, that the case furnishes conclusive evidence, that by the common law, in all cases of mediate descents, if any mediate ancestor through whom the party makes his pedigree, as heir, is an alien, that is a bar to his title as heir, for the reasons stated by Lord Coke, that such an alien ancestor can communicate no inheritable blood. This was admitted by all the judges, as well by those who were in favour of the lessor of the plaintiff, as by those who argued the other way. It was necessarily the doctrine of the latter, for they held the alienage of the father a good bar to the descent, deeming a descent from brother to-brother to be a mediate descent only, mediante patre: on the other hand, the seven judges who were for the lessor of the plainff, admitted the general doctrine, but contended that it did not apply to the case of a descnt from brother to brother, because it was an immediate descent. And this constituted the whole controversy between them; that is, whether the descent was mediate or immediate. It will be our business to demonstrate this by passages from the opinions of Lord Bridgman and Lord Hale, who took opposite sides in the argument. Their opinions are given it large, and in an authentic form: those of the *otherjudges, who agreed with them respectively, are given by the reporters in a very abridged and loose manner: but all of them manifestly assume the same general basis of reasoning on this point, as will appear by referring to their opinions in 2 Siderfin's Rep. 193, and 1 Keble's Rep. 579, 585, 603, 670, 699.
In the first place we will begin with Lord Hale. He says, "in immediate descents, there can be no impediment but what arises in the parties themselves. For instance, the father

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Lessee of Levy eta]. v. M'Cartee.]
seised of lands, the impediment that hinders the descent must be either in the father or the son; as if the father or the son be attaint or an alien. In medite" (printed immediate by mistake as the context shows) "descents, a disability of being an alien, or attaint in him, that I call a medius ancestor, will disable a person to take by descent, though he himself hath no such disability. For instance in lineal descents; if a father be attaint or be an alien, and bath issue a denizen born, and dies in the life of the grandfather, the grandfather dies seised; the son shall not take, but the land shall escheat. In collateral descents, A. and B. brothers; A. is an alien or attainted, and bath issue to a denizen bori;* B., purchaseth lands and dies without issue, C. shall not inherit; for A., which was the medius ancestor, or medium deferens of this descent, was incapable. And this is very apparent in this very case; for by this means Patrick, though a denizen born, and the son of an elder brother, is disabled to inherit the earl. A. and B. brothers; A. is an alien or person attainted, and bath issue C. and dies, and C. purchaseth lands and dies without issue; B., his uncle, shall not inherit for the reason beforegoing; for.A. is a medius, which was disabled. And if in our case Patrick, the son of Nicholas, although a denizen born, had purchased lands and died 'without issue, John, his uncle, should not have inherited him, by reason of the disability of Nicholas; and yet Nicholas himself, had he not been-an alien, could not immediately have inherited to his son, but yet he is a block in the way of John." Collingwood v. Pace, I Vent. 415, 416; S. P. Id. 419, 423. See also S. C. I Keble, 671, &c. These passages distinctly establish the doctrine contended for in all cases of mediate descents in the sense given to these-terms by Lord Hale: that is, that an alien mediate ancestor through whom the party must claim, is a bar to the descent. The cases put of a descent from grandfather to grandton, the father being an alien and dead; and of a descent from an uncle to a nephew, the brother being an alien and dead; are direct to the point, and are put as unquestionable. Lord Hale also cites in illustration
0 The word "denizen" is used in the common law in a double sense. It
sometimes means a natural born subject; and sometimes a person who, being an alien, has been denizenized by letters patent of the crown. Co. Litt. 129,a. Id. 8 a. Com. Dig. Alien, D. Bannistfi's Rep. 433.

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee ofLevy et al.v. M'Cartee.]
of this doctrine, Grey's case, Dyer's Rep. 274, and Courtney's case, cited I Vent. 425, Bannister's Rep. 452, Both of tHese were cases of attaint in the mediate ancestor creating an incapacity to inherit; and although in some cases there is a difference between alienage and attaint, where the claim is not through the ancestor, yet where the claim is through him there is no difference. The disability equally applies to each, and breaks the inheritance. Lord Hale takes notice of this distinction in another part of his argument, in speaking of the disability of an alien, which is' general or original to himself in reference to inheritance; and where it is a consequential or consecutive disability, that reflects to an alien from one that must derive by or through him, though he perchance be a natural born subject. Thus he says, "in respect to this incapacity (personal), he doth resemble a personal attaint; yet with this difference. The law looks upon a person attaint as one that it takes notice of; and therefore the eldest son attaint, overliving his father, though 7ie shall not take by descent in respect of his disability, yet he shall hinder the descent of the younger son. But if the eldest son be an alien, the law takes no notice of him; and therefore, as he shall not take by descent, so he shall not impede the descent to his younger brother. A consequential consecutive disability, that reflects to an alien from one that must derive by or through him, though he perchance be a natural born subject (doth impede).* As in our case, though Patrick the son of Nicholas be a natural' born subject, yet because Nicholas his father was an alien, there is a consecutive impediment derived upon Patrick, whereby he is consequentially disabled to inherit John his uncle: ahd this consecutive disability is parallel to that which we call corruption of blood, which is a consequent of attainder. If the father be attainted, the blood of the grandfather is not corrupted; no, nor the blood of his son; though he could not inherit him, but only t e blood of the father. But that corruption of blood in the father draws a consequential impediment upon the son to inherit the grandfather; because the father's corruption of blood obstructs the transmission of the hereditary descent between the grandfather and the son." 1 Vnt. 417, 418.
* These words are not found in Vent. 417; but the immediate context shows that they are omitted by mistake, and the sentence is left imperfect.

JANUARY TERM 1832.

[Lessee of Levy etal. v. WCartee.]

Lord Hale afterwards proceeds to state the reasons why,

notwithstanding the general rule, he was of opinion that in

the case at bar, George, and by parity of reasoning, his sort

John, the lessor of the plaintiff, could inherit to the earl.

"M y first reason," says he, "is because the descent from

brother to brother, though it be a collateral descent, yet it is

an immediate descent; and consequently, upon what has been

premised at first, unless we can find a disability or impediment

in them, no impediment in another ancestor will hinder the

descent between them." 1 Vent. Rep. 423. He then pro-

ceeds to establish his doctrine, that it is an immediate descent,

and that in this respect it differs from all other collateral de-

scents whatsoever. He then adds, "if the father, in case of

a descent between brothers. were such an ancestor as the law

looks upon as a medium that derives the one descent from the

other, then the attainder of the father would hinder the descent

between the brothers. But the attainder of the father doth

not hinder the descent between the brothers: therefore the

father is not such a medium or nexus as is looked upon by

law as the means deriving such descent between the two bro-

theTrhs.e"se

1 Vent. passages

Rep. 425. from

Lord Hale's opinion have been cited

the more at large because they afford a satisfactory answer to

the argument at the bar, as to the incongruity and inconclu-

siveness of his reasoning; and establish beyond controversy,

that in his opinion the common law interrupted the descent

wherever a mediate ancestor was either an alien or attaint; and

that the case of a descent from brother to brother was excepted

because the descent was immediate.

Let us now proceed in the next place to the opinion of Lord

Iridgman. He' begins by stating the very same proposition

as lord Hale. "It hath been inferred," says he, "that in

immediate descents there can be no impediment but What

ariseth in the parties themselves. But in mediate descents, it

is agreed, the disability of being an alien, or attainted in him

that is the medius antecessor, will disable the other, though he

have no such disability. And therefore Patrick here, though

born in England, cannot inherit John his uncle, nor John to

him, by reason of the disability of Nicholas, the medius ants-

cessor. But it is said that the descent from brother to brother,

120

SUPREME COURT.

[Lessee of Levy et al. v. M'Cartee.]

though it be a collateral descent, yet it is an immediate descent, and so no impediment could hinder a descent between themn.
Bannister's Rep. 418, 436. And the whole of his argwment is then employed in an attempt to disprove that the descent between brothers is by the common law immediate, and in affirming the dbctrine of Lord Coke in Co. Litt. 8 a. for the same reason, viz. there is no inheritable blood between them, otherwise than mediante patre. Bannister's Rep. 437, 442, 443, 445, 460. It is unnecessary to go over that reasoning,
because it proceeds upon the ground as conceded and clearly
established in the common law, there can be no title made by descent, where there is a mediate alien ancestor, unless it be the case of a descent from brother to brother.
The case of Collingwood v. Pace; then, does conclusively
establish the doctrine of the common law to be, by the admissibn of all the judges, that if -the, pedigree must be traced through a-mediate alien ancestor, the party cannot take by descent, for the inheritable blood is stopped, and there is a flat bar to the assertion .of any title derived through the alien; so that the elementary writers are fully borne out in their assertions on this subject. See Com. Dig. Alien, C. Bac. Abridg. Alien, C. Cruise's Dig. tit. 29, chap. 2, sect. 20. York on Forfeiture, 72. 3 Salk. 129. Doe d. Durorere v. Jones, 4 Term Rep. 300.
The preamble to the statute of 11 and 12 William III. ch. 6, also affards strong evidence of the antecedent state of the
law on this point; and that the statute is remedial; and not, as has been argued at the bar, in any respect declaratory. It is in the following words: "whereas divers persons born within the king's dominions are disabled to inherit, and make their titles by descent from their ancestors, by reason that their father or mother, or some other ancestor by whom they are to derive their descent, was an alien, and not born within the king's dominions, for remedy whereof," &c.
Here, the disability to inherit and make title is plainly stated to exist; not that there is a doubt upon the subject; and the disability is stated to arise from the fact, that the acestur by whom they are to derive their descent is an alien; not that the ancestor from whom they derive their title to the estate is an alien; and a remedy is therefore provided. to meet that which

JANUARY TERM 1832.
,Lessee of Levy et a]. v. M'Cartee.]
was deemed the only inconvenience, a descent through a mediate alienancestor.
Upon the clear result, then, of the English authorities, we should be of opinion, even if there were no further lights on the subject, that the alienage of the mediate ancestors in the present case, would be a bar to the recovery of the plaintiff. But the same doctrine will be found fully'recognized by Mr Chancellor Kent in his learned Commentaries, with the additional declaration, that the statute of William III. had never been adopted in New York; though he very properly admits that the enlarged policy of the present day would naturally incline us to a benignant interpretation of the law of descents, in favour of natural born citizens; who were obliged to deduce a title to land from a pure and legitimate source, through-an alien ancestor. 2 Kent's Comm. 47, 48, 49. See also Jackson v. Lunn, 3 John. Cas. 109, 121. The case of Jackson v. Wood, 7 Jnhns. Rep. 289, 297, has not the slightest bearing on the subject. It decided no more than that an Indian was incapable of passing a title to lands in New York, without the consent of the legislature; or in any other manner than is provided for by the laws of the state. The case of Jackson v. Jackson, 7 Johns. Rep. 213, turned upon the known distinction, that an alien who cannot inherit, shall not p,,vent the descent to a citizen, who can make title as heir,'not through the alien, but aside from hith; as in the common case in England, of a younger brother inheriting from his father, though he has an elder brotber living, who is an alien.
But there is a very recent decision in the state of New York, not yet in print, which is direct to the point now before us. It is the case of Jackson v. Green, decided by the supreme court of that state in 1831. We have been favoured with a manuscript copy of th opinion delivered by the court on that occasion. The queston in that case was, whether one ndturalized citizen could take by descent from another naturalized citizen, who was his cousin; the pedigree being to be made through alien anccstors. It was held that he could not. The court fullyrecognized the distinction already adverted to between mediate and immediate descents; holding that an alien ancestor, through whom the pedigree must be traced, intercepted the descent, and produced a fatal bar to the recovery.
VOL. V.---Q

SUPREME COURT.
[Lesee of Levy et I. v. M'Cartee.]
A certificate will be sent to the circuit court, that the lessors of the plaintiff, Bella Cohen and Rhina Mordecai, were not capable of taking by descent the premises described in the special verdict in the case, whereof the said Philip Jacobs died seised, as therein stated, as heirs at law of the said Philip Jacobs; by reason of the alienage of the mother of the sa:d Philip Jacobs, and his maternal uncle, Leipman Cohen, and their father: the lessors of the plaintiff deriving their pedigree and title by descent through mediate alien ancestors. * Certificate accordingly.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the southern district of New York, and on the point and question on which the judges of the said circuit court were opposed in opinion, and which was certified to this Court for its opinion agreeably to the act of congress in such cases made and provided, and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, it is the opinion of this Court, that the lessors of the plaintiff, Bella Cohen, and Rhina Mordecai, were not capable of taking by descent the premises described in the special verdict in the -case, whereof the said Philip Jacobs died seised, as therein stated, as heirs at law of the said Philip Jacobs, by reason of the alienage of the mother of the said Philip Jacobs and his maternal uncle, Leiiman Cohen, and his father; the lessors of the plaintiff deriving their pedigree and title by descent through mediate alien ancestors. Whereupon it is ordered and adjudged by this tourt, that it be certified to the judges of the said circuit court that the lessors of the plaintiff, Bella Cohen and Rhina Mordecai, were not capable of taking by descent
* Note. It may not be useless to state, that the title of the parties in Coilingwood v. Pace underwent judicial examination and decisioi, at three different periods. The first was in Foster v. Ramsay in the upper bench, during the commonwealth, 1657-1659, and is reported in 1 Siderfin's Rep. 28, 51,148, and cited in Bannister's Rep. 447. The second was Collingwood v. Pace, brought in 1656, but not finally decided until many years afterwards. The third was Crane v. Ramsay,in 21 and 22 Car. II. (1670), reported in 2 Vent. R. 1; Vaughan's Rep. 274; Th6mas Jones's Rep. 10; Carter's Rep. 188. In the ,two first cases, John, the son of George, was lessor of the plaintiff In the last, the lessors of the plaintiff claimed by grant from Patrick, the son of Nicholas, and John was defendant.

JANUARY TERM 1832.

123

[Lisee of Levy et a. v. M'Cartee.]
the premises described in the special verdict in-the case, whereof the said Philip Jacobs died seised, as therein stated, as heirs at law of the said Philip Jacobs, by reason of the alienage of the mother of the said Philip Jacobs, and his maternal uncle, Leipman Cohen, and their father; the lessors of the plaintiff deriving their pedigree and title by desce.nt through mediate alien ancestors.

JANUARY TERM 1832.
TRY, UNITED STATES V. JOHN 1). QuIc.
Indictment under the third seciion of the act for the punishment of certin crimes against the United States, &c. passed April 20, 1818. The indictment charged the defendant with being knowingly concerned in the fitting out, in the port of Baltimore, a vessel, with intent to employ her in the service of a foreign "people," the United Provinces of Buenos Ayres; against the subjects of the emperor of Brazil, with whom the United States were at peace. The vessel went from Baltimore to St Thomas, and was there fully armed. She afterwards cruised under the Buenos Ayrearf flag. To bring the defendant within the words of the act, it is not necessary to charge him with being concerned in fitting out and arming 1he vessel; the words of the act are "fitting out or arming." Either will constitute the offence. Iti3sufficient if he indictment charges the offence in the words of the act.
It is true, that with respect to those who have been denominated at the bar, the chief actors, the law would seem to make it necessary that they should be charged with fitting out and arming. The words may require that both shall concur, and the vessel be put in a condition to cou-nit hostilities in order to bring her within the l;iw; but an attempt to fit out and arm is made an offence. This is certainly doing something short of a complete fitting out and arming.
To attempt to do an act does not, either in law or in common parlance, imply a completion of the act, or r"ny definite progress towards it. Any effort or endeavour to effect it, will satisfy the terms of the law. It is not necessary that the vessel, when she left Baltimore for St Thomas, and during the voyage from Baltimore to St Thomds, was armed, or in a condition to commit hostilities, in order to find the defendant guilty of the offence charged in the indictment.
The defence consists, principally, in the intention with which the preparations to commit hostilities were made. These preparations, according to the very terms of the act, must be made within the limits of the United States; and it is equally necessary that the intention with respect to the employment of the vessel, should be formed before she leaves the United States. And this must be a fixed intention; not conditional or contingent, depending on some future arrangements. This intention is a question belonging exclusively to the jury to decide. It is the material point, on which the legality or criminality of the act must turn; and decides whether the adventure is of a commercial or a warlike character.
The law does not prohibit armed vessels belonging to citizens or"the United States from sailing out of our ports; it only requires the owners to give security thAt such vessels shall not be endployed by them w commit hostilities against foreign powers at peace with thc United States.
The collectors are not authoised to detain vessels, although manifestly built for warlike purposes, and about to depart from the United States; unless circumstances shall render it piobable that such vessels are intended to be employed by the owners to commit hostilities against some foreign power, at peace with the United Statec. Al' the latitude, therefore, necessary for commercial purpeses ii given to our citi7ens; an,l they are restrained only from such act. as are calculated to involve the country in wan.
If the defendant w as knowin'gly concerned in fitting out the vessel within the

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Quincy.]
United States with intent that she should be employed to commit hoitilifies apinst a state or prince, or peopie, at peace with the United States; that Inten. tion being defeated by what might afterwards take place in the West IndiW, wojld not purge .the offence, which was previously consummated. It he not necessary that the, design or intention should be carried into execution, in order to constitute the offence. he indictment charges that the defendant was concerned in fitting out the Bolivar with intent that she should be employed in the service of a foreign -peop e; that is to say, in the service of the United Provinces of Rio de IaPlata. It was in evidence that the United Provinces of Rio de IaPlata had been regularty acknowledged as an independent nation by the executive department -,f the government of the United States, before the year 1827. It was argued that the word people is not applicable to that nation or power. By the court: The objection is one purely techniesl, and we think not wet founded. The word "people," as here used,'is merely descriptive of the power in whose service the vessel was intended to be employed: and it is one of the denominatlons applied by the act of congress to.a foreign power.
THIS case came before the court on a certificate of division of opinion by the judges of the circuit court of the United States for the district of Maryland.
An indictment was found against the defendant in that court at May term 1829, founded on the third section of the act of congress, passed April 20, 1818, entitled "an act in addition to the ' act for the punishment of certain crimes against the 'United States,' and to repeal the acts therein mentioned."
The third section provides: that if any person shall, within the limits of the United States, fit out and arm, or attempt to fit out and arm, or procure to be fitted out and armed, or shall knowingly be concerned in the furnishing, fitting out or arming of any ship or vessel with intent that such ship or vessel shall be employed in the service of any foreign prince or state, or of any colony, district or people, to cruise or commit hostilities against the subjects, citizens or property of any foreign .prince or state, or of any colony, district or people with whom the United States are at peace, or shall issue or deliver a commission within the territoly or jurisdiction of the United States for any ship or vessel, with the intent that she may be employed as aforesaid, every person so offending shall be guilty of a high misdemeanour, and shall be fined not more than ten thousand dollars, and imprisoned not more than three years; and every such ship or vessel, with her tackle, apparel and furniture, together with all materials, arms, ammunition and stores, which may have been procured for the building and

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Quincy.]
equipment thereof, shall be forfeited; one half to the use of the informer, and the other half to the use of the United States.
The indictment contained fifteen counts, upon two only of which evidence was given; and the questions upon which the judges of the circuit court were divided in opinion, arose on those counts, and on the evidence in reference to the mattersstated in them. They were the 12th and 13th counts.
12. And the jurors aforesaid, upon their oath aforesaid, do further present, that the said John D. Quincy, on the day and year aforesaid, at the district aforesaid, within the limits of the United States, and within the jurisdiction of the United States and of this court, with force and arms, was knowingly concerned in the fitting out of a certain vessel called the Bolivar, otherwise called Las Damns Argentinas, with intent that such vessel be employed in the service of a foreign people, tlat is to say, in the service tf "9the United Provinces of Rio de la Plata," to commit hostilities against the subjects of a foreign prince, that is to say, against the subjects of " his imperial majesty, the coistitutional emperor and perpetual defender of Brazil," with whom the United States then were, and still are at peace, against the form of the act of congress in such case made and provided, and against the peace, government and dignity of the United States.
13. And the jurors aforesaid, upon their oath aforesaid, do further present, that the said John D. Quincy, on the day and. year aforesaid, at the district, aforesaid, within the limits of the United States, and within the jurisdiction of the United States and of this court, with force and arms, was knowingly concerned in the fitting out a certain other vessel, called the Bolivar, otherwise called Las Damas Argcntinaswith intent that the said vessel should be employed in the service of a foreign people, that is to say, in the service of the United Pi ovinces of Rio de ]a Plata, to cruise and commit hostilities against the subjects and property of a foreign prince, that is to say, against the subjects and property of his imperial majesty the constittttional emperor and perpetual defender of Brazi!, with whom the United.States then were and still are at peace, against the form of the act of congress in such case made and provided, and against fhe pence, government and dignity of the United
St'ates.

SUPREME COURT.
[Unitd Stites v. Quincy.]
The defendant pleaded not guilty; and the cause came on to be tried before the circuit court, on the 8th day of April 1820.
On the part of the United States evidence was given of the repairing and fitting out of the schooner Bolivar in the port of Baltimore in 1827. That she was originally a Maryland pilot boat of sixty or seventy tons. ' The work was done at the request of Henry Armstrong and of the defendant, who superintended the same; that she was fitted with sails and masts larger than those required for a merchant vessel, and was altered in a manner to suit her carrying passengers, and with a port for a gun. This evidence on .the part of the United States was intended to apply to the twelfth and thirteenth counts in the indictment, and to sustain the allegations therein.
It was in proof, that the Bolivar sailed from Baltimore for St Thomas on the 27th September 1827, having on board pro-
visions, thirty-two water casks, one &un carriage and slide, a box of muskets and thirteen kegs of gunpowder, and after a bond had been given by John M. Patterson as master, and George Stiles and Victor Valette of Baltimore as owners, not to commit hostilities against the subjects or property of any prince or state, or of any colony, district or people with whom the United States were at peace. After her arrival at St Thomas, Armstrong had no funds, and was uncertain whether he could get funds. At St Thomas she was fitted as a privateer and ailed to St Eustatia, having changed her name to Las Damas Argentinas; the defendant was her captain during the subsequenteruise. Armstrongwas on board,not as an offcer, but as an owner, and as agent for the other owners. Armstrong on the
voyage from Baltimore told a witness, that if the vessel went privateering it would be under the Buenos Ayrean flag; and that he had procured a commission for the Bolivar from an agent of the Buenos Ayrean government at Washington, for eight hundred dollars.
A'witness swore that he conversed with Armstrong about going to the West idies, that Armftrong told him it was his intention, or rather his wish, to employ the Bolivar as a privateer; but he had no funds to fit her out as such, and could not tell, until he got to the West Indies, what he might ultimately do. Armstrong wanted witness in Baltimore to advance some

JANUARY TERM 1832.
LUnited States v. Quincy.]
,funds, and told him he would be glad if witness would go as surgeon. He spoke of the difficulty of getting funds, both in Baltimore and in the West Indies. The witness knew that Armstrong had no funds when he arrived in the West Indies, and was two or three days negQtiating with Cabot and Co. of St Thomas, and was uncertain of there getting funds.
FromySt Eustatia the vessel proceeded, under the Buenos Ayrean flag, and captured several vessels, Portuguese, Bra. zilian and Spanish; which were ordered, in consequence of the blockade of the Rio de la Plata, to the West Indies, in pursuance of instructions from the government of Buenos Ayres. The cruise terminated on the 1st of March 1828: one prize and cargo produced thirty-five thousand dollars, which was distributed among the crew.
It was admitted that before the year 1827, the United Provinces of Rio de la Plata had been regularly acknowledged as an independent, -nation, by the executive department of the government of the United States.
The defendant moved the circuit court for theiropinion and direction to the jury:
1. That if the jury believe, that, when the Bolivar left Baltimore, and when she arrived at St Thomas,, and during the voyage from Baltimore to St Thomas, she was not armed or at all prepared for war, or in a condition to commit hostilities; the verdict must be for the traverser.
2. That if the jury believe that when the Bolivar was fitted and equipped at Baltimore, the owner and equipper intended to go to the West Indies in search of fuiids with which t6arm and equip the said vessel, gnd had no present intention of using or employing the said vessel as a privateer, but intended when he equipped her, to go to the West indies, to endeavour to raise funds to prepare her for a cruise; then the traverser is'not guilty.
3. That if the jury believe, that when the Bolivar was equipped at Baltimore, and when she left the United States, the equipper had no fixed intention to employ her as a privateer, but had a wish so to employ her, the fulfilment of which wish depehded on his ability to obtain funds in the West Indies, for the purpose of arming and preparing her for war; then the traverser is not guilty.
VoL. VI.-3 G

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Quincy.]
4. That according to the evidence in this cause, the United Provinces of Rio de la Plata is, and was at the time of the offence alleged in the indictment, a government acknowledged*bythe United States; alid that the United Provinces of Rio de la Plata
is, and then was a state, and not a people within the meaning of the act of congress under which the traverser is indicted; the word "people" in that kct being intended to describe communities under an existing government, not'recognized by the United States; and that the indictmept therefore cannot be supported on this evidence.
The district attorney of the United States moved the court for their opinion and direction to the jury:
1. That if the jury find from the evidence, that the traverser was, within the district of Maryland, knowingly concerned in the fitting out of the privateer Bolivar, alias Las Damas Argentinas, with intent that such vessel should be employed in the service of the United Provinces of Rio de ]a Plata, to commit hostilities, or to cruise and commit hostilities, against the subjects, or against the subjects and property of his imperial majesty, the constitutional emperor and perpetual defender of Brazil, with whom the United'States were at peace, then the traverser has been guilty of a violation of the third section of the act of congress of the 20th of April 1818, which punishes certain offences against the United States: although the jury should further find, that the equipments of the said privateer were not complete within the United States, and that toe cruise did not actually commence until men were recruited, and further equipments were made at the island of St Thomas in the West Indies; and should further find that the Bolivar, on her voyage from Baltimore to St Thomas, had no large gun, no flints, nor any cannon or musket balls, and that
the muskets and sabres were, during the voyage, nailed up in boxes.
2. That if the jury find from the evidence, that the traverser was, within the district of Maryland, knowingly concerned in the fitting out of the privateer Bolivar, alias Las Damas Argentinas, with intent that such vessel should be employed in the service of the United Provinces of Rio de la Plata, to commit hostilities, or to cruise and commit hostilities against the subjects, or against the subjects and property of his imperial ma-

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Quincy.]
jesty, the constitutional emperor and perpetual defender of BrAzil, with whom the United States then were at peace, then the traverser has been guilty of a violation of the third section of the act of congress of the 20th of April 1818, which punishes certain crimes against the United States; although the jury should further find, that the intention so to employ the said vessel was liable to be defeated by a, failure to procure funds in the West Indies, where further equipments were intended and required to be made, before actually commencing the contemplated cruise.
3. That if the jury find from the evidence, that the traverser was, within the district of Maryland, knowingly concerned in the fitting out of the privateer Bolivar, alias Las Damas Argentinas, with intent that such vessel should be employed in the service of the United Provinces of Rio de Ia Plata, to commit hostilities, or to cruise and commit hostilities iagainst the subjects, or against the subjects and property of his imperial majesty, the constitutional emperor and perpetual defender of Brazil, with whom the United States then were at peace, then the traverser has been guilty of a violation of the third section of the act of congress of the 20th of April 1818, which punishes certain crimes against the United States; although the jury" shoul further find, that the fulfilment of the intentions so to employ the said vessel, would have been defeated if further funds had not been obtained in the West Indies, where further equipments were intended and required to be made before actually comnmicing the contemplated cruise.
4. That the twelfth and thirteefith counts in the indictment are good and sufficient in law, whereon to found a conviction; notwithstanding the employment therein of the words "in the service of a foreign people, that is' to say" preceding the words " in the service of the United Provinces of Rio de Ia Plata."
Upon the aforesaid prayers, and upon each of them, thejudges were opposed in opinion; and thereupon the court ordered the same to be certified to the supreme court of the United States.
The case was argued by Mr Williams, for the United States: and by Mr Wirt, for the defendant.
Mr Williams, for the United States, contended, in support

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Quincy.]
of their first prayer, that the guilty intention having been proved to have existed in the mind of the traverser in the United States, and the guilty enterprise having actually commenced there, the traverser is guilty of a violation of the third section of the act of the 20th of April 1818; although the equipments were not completed in the United States, and although the cruise was not commenced, nor the Bolivar prepared to commence her cruise, until after her arrival in St Thomas.
The section in question punishes the fitting out and arming; the attempting to fit out and arm; the procuring to be fitted out and armed; qnd, with a view to comprehend all who shall have any participation in disturbing the neutral relations of the United States, it punishes those who shall be knowingly concerned in the furnishing,'fitting out or armingany ship or vessel, with intent, &c. The offence charged here is for being knowingly concerned in fitting out, &c.
The Bolivar.was in fact not only fitted out in the port of Baltimore, but was partially armed; having on board muskets, sabres, powder and a gun carriage, and a commission to cruise.
If it be necessary for the completion of the offence, that the vessel should not only be fitted out, but also armed, it is manifest that this important act of congress, required by the laws of nations, and ess-.ntial to preserve the peace of this country with foreign nations, will become a dead letter. For it is not only easy to evade its provisions, but at least-equally convenient to do so, by having some additional equipments, however inconsiderable, to be effected abroad. This position admits that the attempt to fit out and arm, however small the progress therein, is an offence; while the complete fitting out, having a commission on board, with the most flagrant intention to privateer, is no infringement of the act. The slightest augmentation to an armed vessel, is undeniably an offence under the fifth section.
The policy and scope of this whole law, so far from restraining the express terms used in this section, afford the strongest aid towards a literal construction of those terms. The twelfth and thirteenth counts of this indictment, and the first prayer, are drawn in the very words of the third section

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Quincy.]
of the act in question. And if these counts and this prayer are not sustained, it must be on the ground that the act ought to be interpreted differently froin its obvious and literal meaning.
The reason for a strained interpretation, wNhich will have the effect to defeat and repeal this wholesome statute, will scarcely prevail with this court. And the authorities will be found to overthrow such an interpretation; and to support that which iS insisted on by the prosecution.
The exact and faithful discharge of the duties which a neutral position imposes upon governments, is among the highest and most important of all national duties. Honour and interest concur in making it especially binding on our own government: and while this conduct has in a very great degree promoted the prosperity of this country; it has placed the policy and character of the nation in a high and elevated position in the estim'ation of other powers.
In the third cirauit and Pennsylvania district, a decision was made upon the words on which this indictment is drawn; and it was there decided, in the case of the United States v. Guinet, 2 Dall. 321, "that the converting a ship from her original destination, with intent to commit hostilities; or,.in other words, converting a merchant ship into a vessel of war, must be deemed an original outfit, for the act would otherwise become nugatory and inoperative. It is the conversion from her peaceable use to the warlike purpose, that constitutes the offence." And in this case far less advance towards arming was made, than in the case of the Bolivar. Besides, that the privateer "Les Jameaux" never actually proceeded on a cruise, and yet Guinet was convicted. Whereas, in the case at bar, the Bolivar, having actually performed her cruise and made captures of vessels and property of nations with whom the United States were at peace; no room is left for doubting the object of her outfit in the port of Baltimore.
In the case of Needham et al., Peters's C. C. Rep. 487, the same principle was decided.
Cited, also, The United States v. Glass, 3 Wash. C. C. Rep. 65; Kent's Cummentaries, 1 vol. 114.
The decisions of this court on the acts prohibiting the slave trade, furnish cases strikingly analogous to the one now under argument.

SUPREME-COURT.
[United States v. Quincy.]
The expressions used in these acts seem, indeed, to require a more complete development and fulfilment of intention, than the neutrality acts. In the last slave trade act, which passed at the same session as the act upon which this indictment is framed, it is provided, that "if any ship or vessel shall be built, fitted out, equipped, laden, or otherwise prepared, for the purpose of procuring any negro," &c. "such ship," &c. "shall be forfeited." The Emily and Caroline, 9 Wheat. 388; The Plattsburgh, 10 Wheat. 141; The Uniteh States v. Goodin, 12 Wheat- 171, 173; The Alexander, 3 Mason, 177; 1 Dodson, 81, were cited.
Mr Chief Justice Marshall says, in giving the opinion of thiL court, in 5 Wheat. 95, "that although penal laws are to be construed strictly, they are not to be construed so strictly as to defeat the obvious intention of the legislature. The maxim is not to be so applied as to narrow the words of the statute 'to the exclusion of cases which these words in their ordinary acceptation, or in the sense in which the legislature has obviously used them, would comprehend. The intention of the legislature is to be collected from the words they employ; where there is no ambiguity in the words, there is no room for construction." Cited, also, t2 Peters, 662, opinion of Mr Justice Story.
In support of the secondpoint, it was insisted, that the intention coupled with acts tending to the accomplishment of the object constitutes the offence, under this statute. For no otherwise could our neutral relations be preserved with nations belligerent towards each other. And in the description of the offence, it differs from many common law offences, such as robbery, murder, &c. And it is not necessary the criminal intent should be accomplished in order to subject the party to conviction and punishment.
As analogous, see the cases in larceny, where carrying away is essential to the offence. Arch. P1. & Ev. 127, and the authorities there cited; and' 2 Russell's Cr. L. 1034; where, among other similar decisions, the twelve judges of England held, "that the removal of a parcel from the head to the tail of a wagon, with intent to steal it, was a sufficient asportation to constitute larceny."
In favour of the third point, it was contended, that the acts

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Quiney.l
given in evidence in this case, so far consummated the offence, that no locus penitentix remained for the traverser, after leaving the port of Baltimore.
The crimirial intent, and the acts consequent thereon, have been conjoined in this case, so that there can he neither a divorce nor a purification by a possible, or even a probable failure of continued and successful support.
All human enterprises are subject to contingencies. The death of the actors, the shipwreck of the vessel, &c. are among the casualties to which every maritime adventure is exposed. These may be supposed as much to enter into the calculation of those who engage in such adventures, as the uncertainty about the requisite funds influenced the mind of the traverser in this case.
If the traverser was innocent, because his guilty enterprise might have been defeated -or would have been defeated, if the requisite funds had been withheld; how can any one ever be guilty, since some contingencies must be inseparable from every enterprise ?
Here, unfortunately for the traverser's case; and what illustrates the extravagance of this part of the defence; the contingency turned up favourably for the adventure. And that which commenced in Baltimore was uninterruptedly prose.; cuted to the close of a successful cruise. Cited 2East's P. C. 557; 2 Russell's C. L. 991, 1036.
In support of the fourth point, the counsel for the United States contended:-
That the word people was descriptive of an independent government, acknowledged by the United States, as the word is used in this act.
This word has no technical meaning, for which it invariably
stands; and to which courts are obliged, as in technical words, always to annex the same ideas, as e. g. the words felonious, traitorous,&c. Nor is this word used in this act in opposition, or made to have a more limited meaning than ordinary, by reason of being placed. in connexion with other words, by which its general and usual meaning could be affected.
There is nothing in the context here to indicate the legislative intention, that this word was to be understood in any other than its ordinary or vernacular sense.

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Quincy.]
If there lie any thing remarkable in the use made of the word peop7e, in this government and country it is in its enlarged, rather than its restricted sense. And it cannot be shown, by examples, that congress ever use it in a narrow interpretation.
The largest state in the confederation uses the word as descriptive of its corporate character: ",Tie people of New York."1
But the meaning of this word must be ascertained by reference to standard authorities; and Johnson, Crabbe's Synonymes, were referred to.
The traverser's counsel;-in asking the court to support his fourth prayer, upon the- ground that the "provinces of Rio de la Plat " were not a people, because they had been acknowledged by the government of the United States, thereby to overthrow this indictment,-makes a demand, founded only on a gratuitous hypothesis, and deriving no support, either from authority or popular usage.
A wholesome rule for the construction of words used in criminal as well as in civil cases, will be found in 1 Chitty, C, L. 172, laid down by lord Ellenborough. "Except in particular cases, where precise technical expressions are required to be used, there is no rule that other words shall be be employed than such as are in ordinary use, or that in indictments or other pleadings a different sense is to be put upon them, than what they bear in ordinary acceptation," &c.
Mr Wirt for the defendant. The only two counts in the indictment for the conaideration of the court, are the twelfth and thirteenth; which are founded on the act of congress of 1818, for the punishment of certain crimes. The difference between the counts is in the manner of laying the intent charged to the defendant; the twelfth charges that the defendant with the intent that such vessel be employed; the thirteenth, with intent that such vessel should be employed.
The prayers of the traverser -are foundea on the evidence; and they called upon the court to say, whether, on the hypothesis that the jury should believe certain facts which his counsel considered as fairly deducible from the evidence, there had been any violation of the statute on which the indictment is founded.

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United Statks v. Quincy.]
The statute is one of a peculiar character, growing out of peculiar circumstances, and directed to a, peculiar object connected with our neutral rights, on the one hand, and some neutral obligations on the other, which distinguish it from the slave act, and the other acts of congress with which the argument for the United States has sought t6 confound it. It demands a construction of its own; which it is for the first time to receive in this court.
The course of argument proper to be pursued, is, first, to examine the act upon its own construction; and, second, to show the substantial difference between its provisions, and those of the slave and other acts with which it has been so confounded.
1. To examine the aet #in its own construction. The object of all construction is to arrive at the intention of the legislature. The.direct mode of doing this, is by looking at the language of the law; but there are other auxiliary modes of arriving at this intention, to which courts also resort for the purpose. One of the most familiar rules for interpreting statutes is to refer to the old law, the mischief and the remedy-that is, to look to the history of the act; the cause which produced it; and the precise object which it was intended to attain. Preston v. Browden, 1 Wheaton. For this salutary purpose, and with this legitimate object, the court will p6rmit a reference to the history and pecullar circumstances which produced the act of congress now under consideration. This act, as is well known to the court, is only a transcript of the act of 1794, so far as this prosecution is concerned. The act of 1794 was produced by an attempt on the part of M. Genet, the minister of France, to take advantage of the ,intense sympathies of this country in behalf of revolutionary France, to involve the United States in the war between that country and Great Britain, and the powers allied with her against France. This was the mischief.which produced the statute; and it is necessary that the court should have a precise view of this mischief, in order to measure the corresponling remedy in the statute. They are referred for the circumstances under which the statute was passed- to 5 Marshall's Life of Washington,
VOL. VI.-3 H

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Quincy.]
409, 10, 11; 427, 8; 430, 2, 3; 441, 2, 3. The Message of the President, Dec. 3, 1792, 1 State Papers, 39, 40. Proclamation of Neutrality, I State Papcrs, 44, 5, 6.
All that was required by the government, and the whole purpose of the law, was to preserve our neutral relations, as enjoined by the law of nations; and as the rules and regulations which had be-n prescribed by President Washington in the proclamation, had been declared to go all' the length of our neutral obligations; why should it be supposed that congress intended to go farther, to the unnecessary and extreine prejudice of the American trade?
The mischief had been, the arming and equipping vessels in our ports, and sallying out thence in warlike array to cruise and commit hostilities on foreign nations, with which we were at peace: that was the mischief; and why should the remedy be more extensive ? It *was declared in the instructions, that a vessel whose equipments were so equivocal as to be applicable either to commerce or war, was not a.proper object of seizure or molestation. No obligation of neutrality required us to disturb her; while a just regard to the rights of neutral trade, required that she should be left at liberty to pursue her own course, free from molestation.
It is now insisted, on the part of the traverser in this case, that the act under consideration, with this light of its history collected upon it; is -manifestly intended to cover no more ground than the executive rules and regulations, which have been referred to.
Having thus brought the .history of the act to aid in its construction, the rule that penal statutes shall be interpreted strictly, is invoked to aid in the further consideration of the application of the law to the case made out by the United States on the testimony.
A careful scrutiny of the language of this act, following, as it did, close on the proclamation of President Washington, and adverting to the views and purposes of its enactment, as shown by its history; will satisfy the court that the position assumed for the traverser is fully sustained. The offence to be punished was the fitting out and arming any ship or vessel within the ports of the United States, intended to be employed in hostilities against the subjects of any foreign state, in amity with us.

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Quincy.]
The meaning of the terms fitting out andarmingis, that the vessel shall be both fitted out and armed; and to be so fitted out and armed, as to be placed in a condition to commit hostilities. The whole of tie purp9se of the law was this, and the vessel was to be completely fitted out and armed in our own ports, and was to be put in a condition, and with a capacity to commit hostilities immediately.' Nothing else, and nothing less than this was the purpose of the law.
Between the attempt to fit out and arm, and the fitting out and arming, there is a wide and important difference. To fit out and arm is to do the thing completely; to attempt to fit out and arm means that the party has begun it, but has been prevented accomplishing the purpose by the interference of the government. He has all the guilt of the intention, because his intention was to fit out and arm completely in our ports, in violation of the act. It is therefore incumbent on the prosecution to prove that the object of the traverser was to fit out and arm completely; and in all respects to place in a state for immediate hostilities, th.e vessel referred to in the indictment.
The argument submitted to the court is, that the third section of the act on which the indictment is founded makes the offence to consist in fitting out and arming, which is an entire act; and requires the vessel to be placed in a postt.re for war, in a condition to commit immediate hostilities, before the offence is completed; such being the only rational meaning of the words of the statute. That if the indictment charges the attempt, the charge must not beof an attempt to fit oat merely, but of an attempt to fit out and arm; that if it charge a procurement, the charge must not be that the accused procured the vessel to be fitted out merely, but that he procured her to be fitted out and armed. In these three descriptions the law is looking at the prime actor, for he is described as the person who fits out and arms; or attempts to fiu out and arm; or procures to be fitted out and armed: he is the actor,, or the procurer.
With regard to the principal or prime actor, it is not said if he knowingly does the thing; for knowledge is involved in the very description of the offence; but the language of the law as to those who were concerned in furnishing any of the materials is different; this mhst have been done knowingly.

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Quincy.]
With respect to those persons their participation is manifestly of an accessorial character: they are not indeed called accessories, but the language in which the agency is described, construed with that in which the operations of the principal are described; manifest that the legislature was looking at them in an accessorial light. There is, then, in a fair construction of the law, a principal in the offence, and an accessory. But the offence must have been committed; there must have been a fitting out and arming, or an attempt to'fit out and arm, or the principal actor has been guilty of no offence; and it could not have been intended to punish the secondary or accessorial actor, if the principal actor has not been guilty of an offence. This would be the case, if to attempt to fit out, not being an offence, any one had, knowingly, furnished articles to the vessel to be used for that purpose: and yet, if before the complete fitting out and arming had been accomplished, the vessel had been seized, and this consummation prevented, the prime actor would not have been indictable under the law. Thus the part of a transaction becomes a crime in one citizen, while the whole of it is not a crime in another. The construction on the. other side is, that the law meant to punish, not merely the consummation of the act, the fitting out and arming, but every step that is taken towards it; so that the itting out, per se, becomes an offence, is a crime, without arming. But if this had been the intentibn of congress the copulation and W3ould have found no place in the description: the language of the law would have been "fit out or arm," and httempt to fit out or arm.
The following cases were cited and commented upon, 1 Wheat. 121; 5 Wheat. 76, 94; 1 Gallison, 114; 1 Paine's C. C. Rep. 32; 2 Wheat. 119; 3 Dallas, 328; the case of Smith and Ogden, 240; Peters's C. C. Rep. 487; 9 Wheat. 389; 10 Wheat. 141; 12 Wheat. 472.
The intent charged against a defendant under the act should be a fixed and positive intent, not in any manner contingent. The vessel in this case was in a condition to be considered as going out as a commercial vessel-she had no crew for warno muskets-no ammunition. The offence must be consummated within the United States, and the intent is not to be collected trom what occurred afterwards.

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Uited States v. Quincy.]
The evidence shows, that until the vessel arrived at St Thomas the purpose of privateering was uncertain. It depended for its accomplishment on the receipt of funds there, and for some time this was uncertain. If the vessel had been sold on her arrival in the West Indies, most certainly the defendant could not be found guilty. The intention in cases of larceny is not like this; in those cases, where a slight asportation has taken place, it is sufficient to constitute the offence. But there the act is complete by such removal.
The objection to calling the government of Rio de la Plata "a people" is purely technical, growing out of the case of Gelston v. Hoyt. This related to the situation of Piteon and Christophe in St Domingo; and the court, in that case, said neither could be considered a state. The word people applies to a community in the course of revolution, and not yet settled down. But this was not the situation of Buenos Ayres. It was a state, and should have been so described. The object of the law was to include political communities of every denomination. The court cannot know but that there may be a people called Buenos Ayres; a reference to particulars would not cure the defect. BuenosAyres being a state, should have been so denominated.
Mr Williams, in reply. The Bolivar did not sail from the United States as a merchant vessel, for she had no cargo; nor was there ever produced any account of sales of an outward cargo. She carried out nothing but provisions for a privateer's crew, and munitions of war. The whole invoice cost only six hundred and eightyseven dollars and eighty-one cents; whereas she was advertised by the traverser to be a vessel capable of carrying from four to five hundred barrels. At the time when the first neutrality act was passed (1794), the unjustifiable acts consisted in not only fitting out, but also in arming; and therefore, this description of the offence in the act, as wxell as in the correspondence of the executive department, becomes the most prominent. But the act would have been soon found to be wholly inefficient, if more ample provisions had not been enacted. If, in Genet's time, he had set on foot the fitting out of privateers from this country, to be

SUPREME COURT.
[United .States v. Quincy.] armed in the West Indies, can it be doubted that our government would have denounced this practico as contrary to our neutrality and the laws of nations?
The case in 2 Wheaton, relating to the transportation of oxen across the line, favours our construction. There it was attempted, for the United States, to bring a case within the operation of a penal law, which the letter of the law did not cover. Here the indictment, and the act on which it is drawn, comprehend, in their letter and spirit, the very case of the traverser.
The fourth class of offences in the third section, is not confined to accessorialparticipators, but is calculated and intended to comprehepd all parties concerned in fitting out or in arming. The argument on the part of the traverser requires words to be interpolated into the law; and contradicts the rule, that an indictment, drawn in the words of the act, is sufficient. For if the arming, as well as fitting out, must be proved, so also ought it to be averred in the indictment.
The slave trade acts are, manifestly, analogous to the neutrality acts; and the mischiefs of the former trade are not greater than those which flow from'violating the latter acts. For to the lawless practice of privateering, may be ascribed the growing prevalence of pirac3.
Mr Justice Tiiompso-N delivered the opinion of the Court. This case comes up from the circuit court of the United States for the Maryland district, on a division of opinion of the judges, upon certain instructions prayed for to the jury. The indictment upon which the defendant was put upon his trial, contains a number of counts, to which the testimony did not apply, and which are not now drawn in 'question. The twelfth andthirteenth are the only counts to which the eviddnce applied; and the offence charged in each of these is substantially the same; to wit, that the said John D. Quincy, on the 31st day of December 1828, at the district of Maryland, &c. with force and arms, was knowingly concerned- in the fitting out 9f a certain vessel called the Bolivar, otherwise called Las Damas Argentinas, with intent that such vessel should be employed in the service of a foreign people, that is to say, in the service of the United Provinces of Rio de la Plata, to con-

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United Staltes v. Quincy.]
mit hostilities against the subjects of a foreign prince; that is to say, against the subjects of his imperial majesty, the constitutional emperor and perpetual defender of Brazil, with whom the United States then were, and still are at peace, against the form of the act of congress in such case made and
provided. The act of congress under which the indictment was found,
6th vol. Laws U. S. 321, sect. 3, declares, "that if any person shall, within the limits of the United States, fit out and arm, or attempt to fit out and arm, or procure to be fitted out and armed, or shall knowingly be concerned in the furnishing, fitting out, or arming of any ship or vessel, with intent that such ship or vessel shall be employed in the service of any foreign prince or state, or of any colony, district or people, to cruise or commit hostilities against the subjects, citizens or property of any foreign prince or state, or of any colony, district or people with whom the United States are at peace, &c. every person so offending, shall be deemed guilty of a high misdemeanour, and shall be fined not more than ten thousand dollars, and imprisoned not more than three years, &e.
The testimony being closed, several prayers, both on the part of tle United States and of the defendant, were presented to the court for their opinion and direction to tie jury; and upon which the opinions of the judges were opposed, and which will now be noticed in the order in which they were made.
On the part of the- defendant the court was requested to charge the jury, that if they believe that when the Bolivar left Baltimore, and when she arrived at St Thomas, and during the voyage from Baltimore to St Thomas, she was not armed,
or at all prepared for war, or in a condition to cormit hostilities, the verdict must be for the defendant.
The prayer on the part of the United States upon this part of the case, was, in substance, that if the jury find from the evidence that the defendant was, within the district of Maryland, knowingly concerned in the fitting out the privateer Bolivar, with intent that she should be employed in the manner alleged in the indictment, then the defendant was guilty of the offence charged against him, although the jury should find that the equipments of the said- privateer were not complete within the United States, and that the cruise did not

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Quincy.]
actually commence until men were recruited, and further equipments were made at the island of St Thomas in the West Indies.
The instruction which ought to be given to the jury under these prayers involves the construction of the act of congress, touching the extent to which the preparation of the vessel for cruising or committing hostilities must be carried before she leaves the limits of the United States, in order to bring the case within the act.
On the part of the defendant it is contended, that the vessel must be fitted out and armed, if not complete, so far at least as to be prepared for war, or in a condition to commit hostilities. We do not think this is the true construction of the act. it has been argued that although the offence created by the act is a misdemeanour, and there cannot, legally speaking, be
principal and accessory, yet the act evidently contemplates two distinct classes of offenders. The principal actors who are directly engaged in preparing the vessel, and another class who, though not the chief actors, are in some way concerned in the preparation.
Thp act in this respect may not be drawn with very great perspicuity. But should the view taken of it by the defendant's counsel be deemed correct (which, however, we do nqt admit), it is not perceived how it can affect the present case. For the indictment, according to this construction, places the defendant in the secondary class of offenders. He is only charged with being knowingly concerned in the fitting out the vessel, with intent that she should be employed, &c. To bring him within the words of the act, it is not necessary to charge him with being concerned in fitting out and arming. The words of the act are, fitting out or arming. Either will constitute the offence. But it is said such fitting out must be of a vessel armed, and in a condition to commit hostilities, otherwise the minor actor may be guilty when the greater would not. -For as to the latter there must be a fitting out and arming in order to bring him within the law. If this construction of the act be well founded, the indictment ought to-charge,'that thedefendant was concerned in fitting out the Bolivar, being a vessel fitted out and armed, &c. But this, we ap hend, is not required. It would be going beyond

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Quiney.]
the plain meaning of the words used in defining the offence. It is sufficient if the indictment charges the offence in the words of the act; and it cannot be necessary to prove what is not charged. It is true, that with respect to those who have been denominated at the bar the chief actors, the law would seem to make it necessary that they should be ch'arged with fitting out and arming. These words may require that both should concur; and the vessel be put in a condition to commit hostilities, in order to bring her within the law. But an attempt to fit out and arm is made an offence. This is certainly doing something short of a complete fitting out and arming. To attempt to do an act does not, either in law or in" bommon parlance, imply a completion of the act, or any definite progress towards it. Any effort or endeavour to effect it will satisfy the terms of the law.
This varied phraseology in the law, was probably employed with a view to embrace all persons of every description who might be engaged, directly or indirectly, in preparing vessels with intent that they should be employed in committing hostilities against any powers with whom the United States were at peace. Different degrees of criminality will necessarily attach to persons thus engaged. Hence the great latitude given to the courts in affixing the punishment, viz. a fine not more than ten thousand dollars, and imprisonment not more than three years.
We are accordingly of opinion, that it is not necessary that the jury should believe or find that the Bolivar, when she left Baltimore, and when she arrived at St Thomas, and during the voyage from Baltimore to St Thomas, was armed, or in a condition to commit hostilities, in order to find the defendant guilty of the offence charged in the indictment.
The first instruction therefore prayed on the part of the defendant must be denied, and that on the part of the United States given.
The second and third instructions asked on the part of" the defendant, were:
That if the jury believe, that when the Bolivar was fitted and equipped at Baltimore, the owner and equipper intended to go to the West Indies in search of funds, with which to arm and equip the said vessel, and had no present intention
VOL. VI.-3 I

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Quincy.]
of using or employing the said vessel as a privateer, but intended, when he equipped her, to go to the West Indies, to endeavour to raise funds to prepare her for a cruise; then the defendant is not guilty.
Or; if the jury believe, that when the Bolivar was equipped at Baltimore, and when slie left the United States, the equipper had no fixed intention to employ her as a privateer, but had a wish so to employ her, the fulfilment of which wish depended on his ability to obtain funds in the West Indies, for the lurpose of arming and preparing her for war; then the defendant is not guilty.
We think these instructions ought to be given. The offence consists principally in the intention with which the preparations were made. These preparations, according to the very terms of the act, must be made within the limits of the United States; and it is equally necessary that the intention with. respect to the employment of the vessel should be formed before she leaves the United States. And this must be a fixed intention; not conditional or contingent, depending on some future arrangements. This intention is a question belonging exclusively to the jury to decide. It is the material point on which the legality or crirhinality of the act must turn; and decides whether the adventure is of a commercial or warlike character.
The law does not prohibit armed vessels belonging to citizens of the United States from sailing out of our ports; it only requires the owners to give security (as was done in the present case) that such vessels shall not be employed by them to commit hostilities against foreign powers at peace with the United States.
The collectors are not authorised to detain vessels, although manifestly built for warlike purposes, and about to depart from the United States, unless circumstances shall renler it probable, that such vessels are intended to be employed by the owners to commit hostilities 'against some foreign power, at peace with the United States.
All ihe latitude, therefore, necessary for commercial. purposes, is given to our citizens; and they are restrained only from such acts as are calculated to involve the country in war.
The second and third instructions asked on the part of the

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Quincy.]
United States ought also to be given. For if the jury shall find (as the instructions assume) that the defendant was knowingly concerned in fitting out the Bolivar within the United States, with the intent that she should be employed as set forth in the indictment,that intention being defeated by what might afterwards take place in the West Indies, would not purge the offence which was previously consummated. It is not necessary that the design or intention should be carried into execution in order to constitute the offence.
The last instruction or opinion asked on the part of the defendant was:
That according to the evidence in the cause, tle United Provinces of Rio de la Plata is, and was at the time of the offence alleged in the indictment, a government acknowledged by the United States, and thus was a state, and nbt a people within the meaning of the act of congress under which the defendant is indicted; the word people in that act being intended to describe communities under an existing government not recognized by the United States; and that the indictment therefore cannot be supported on this evidence.
The indictment charges that the defendant was concerned in fitting out the Bolivar, with intent that she should be employed ii the service of a foreign people; that is to say, in the service of the United Provinces of Rio de la Plata. It was in evidence, that the United Provinces of Rio de la Plata had been regularly acknowledged as an independent nation by the executive department of the government of the United States, before the year 1827. And therefore it is argued that the word people is not properly applicable to that nation or power.
The objection is one purely technical, and we think not well founded. The word people, ag here used, is merely descriptive of the power in whose service the vessel was intended to be employed: and it is one of the denominations applied by the act of congress to a foreign power. The words are, "in the service of any foreign prince or state, or of any colony, district orpeople." The application of the word people is rendered suffieiently certain by what follows under the videlicet, "'that is to say, the United Provinces of Rio de la Plata." This particularises that which by the word peo-

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Quincy.]
ple is left too general. The descriptions are no way repugnant or inconsistent with each other, and may well stand together. That which comes under the videlicet, only serves to explai4 what is doubtful and obscure in the word people.
This instruction must therefore be denied, and the one asked on the part of the United States, viz. that the indictment is sufficient in law, must be given.
These answers must accordingly be certified to the circuit court.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit couit of the United States'for the district of Maryland, and on the points and questions on which the judges of the said circuit court were opposed in opinion, and which were certified to this court for its opinion, agreeably to the act of congress in such case made and provided, and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, it is the opinion of this Court,
1. That it is not necessary that the jury should believe or find that the Bolivar, when she left Baltimore, and whtn she arrived at St -7homas, and during the voyage from Baltimore to St Thomas, was armed, or in a condition to commit hostilities, in order to find the defendant guilty of the offence charged in the indictment. Therofof'e, the first instruction prayed for on the part of the defendant, must be denied, and that on the part of the United States given.
2. That the second and third instructions asked for on the part of the defendant should be given.
3. That the second and third instructions asked for on the part of ihe United States should also be given.
4. That the fourth instruction asked for on the part of the defendant must be denied, and the one asked on the part of the United States, viz. that the indictment is sufficient in law, must be given. It is therefore ordered and adjudged by this court that it be certified to the said circuit court:
1. That it is not necessary that the jury should belie e or find that the Bolivar, when she left Baltimore, and 'hen she arrived at St Thomas, and during the voyage from Baltimore to St Thomas, was armed, or in a condition f ronnrnit livstili-

JANUARY TERM 1832.

469

[United States v. Quincy.]
ties, in order to find the defendant guilty of the offence charged in the indictment. Therefore, the first instruction prayed on the part of the defendant must he denied, and that on the part of the United States given.
2. That the second and third instructions asked for on the part of the defendant should be given.
3. That the second and third instructions asked for on the nart of the United States should also be given.
4. That the fourth instruction asked for on the part of the defendant must be denied; and the one asked on the part of the United States, viz. that theindictment is sufficient in law, must be given.

JANUARY TERM 1832.
TilE UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS V. DON FERNANDO DE LA
MAZA ARREDONDO AND OTHERS, APPELLEES.
The grant of the king of Spain to F. A,.Arredondo and son, for land at Alachua in Florida, gafe a valid title to these claimants under the grant, according to the stipulations of the treaty between the United States and Spain of 1819, tire laws of nations, of the United States, and of Spain.
Con.tiuction of the treaty with Spdin of 1819, relative to grants of"lands in the territory of Florida; and of tire several acts of congress, passed for the adjustment of private claims to land within that territory.
THIS was an appeal from the superior court of the eastert district of Florida.
On the 11th day of November 1828, Fernando de la Maza Arredondo and son, and others, their grantees, filed their petition in the superior court of the eastern district of Florida, against the United States, under the provision of the sixth section of an act of congress passed May 23, 1828, entitled "an act supplementary to the several acts providing for the settlement and confirmation of private land claims in Florida."
The petition stated, that the petitioners claimed title to an undivided parcel of land, coiitaining two hundred and eightynine thousand six hundred and forty-five acres, situated in the county of Alachua, in the eastern district of Florida, about thirty-six miles west of the river St Johns, and about fifty-two miles west of the city of St Augustine; which land extends four leagues to the east point of the compass in a rectilinear figure, taking as the centre thereof.a place called Alachua, formerly inhabited by a tribe of Seminole Indians, but subsequently abandoned by them: that the said tract of land was granted by the Spanish government, with all the formalities and solemnities used by it in such cases, to the petitioners, on the 22d day of December 1817, the said grant having been executed at Havana, in the island of Cuba, by Don Alexander Ramirez, intendant of the army, superintendent general, and subdelegate of the royal exchequer of the island of Cuba, and the two Floridas, &c. &c. by and with the advice and approbation of the surveyor general of the two Floridas, and of the minister fiscal, the king of Spain's attorney general. A trans-

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
lation of the grant and other proceedings was annexed to the
petition as'follows: Don Alexander Ramirez, intendant of the army, and sub-
delegate superintendent general of the royal domain of the island of Cuba and the two Floridas, president of the tribunal of accounts and of the hoard of tithes, superintendent of the department of the crusades, judge particular of vessels putting in port by stress of weather, and protector of the royal lottery, superior chief and inspector of the royal factory of segars, &c.
Whereas Don Fernando de la Maza Arredondo and Son, merchants of this city, have presented a memorial to this intendancy general and subdelegate, of the 12th of'November last, in which they pretend to obtain, as a gratuitous grant, a lot of land in East Florida, where they have been established, and where still remains the greater part of their family, and a i reat deal of their property, offering to form an establishment in the territory known under the name of Alachua, as it is adapted to the growing of cattle and the culture of provisions; sId establishment to be composed of two hundred families, which they are to convey at their own costs, proposing other advantages which will result, not only in favour of the other inhabitants already established, and residents of the city of St Augustine, but also in favour of the Creek and Seminole Indians living on the borders of that country, provided they obtain in absolute property the said grant limited to four leagues of land to every point of the compass, fixing as the central point thereof the indicated tract of Alachua. And the said memorial having passed by my decree of the 12th instant, to the captain of infantry, Don Vincente Sebastian 'Pintado, surveyor general of the two Floridas, for his information, which he gave on the 15th of the same month, with all the necessary information and solid reasons which de .onstrate and make known the convenience and utility of providing for the increase of population in said province, witnout expense to the royal treasury, and of accepting the offers of the interested parties, on account of the importance of the undertaking, and of the considerable disbursements which they will have to make to carry the same into effect. In consequence thereof, by a decree of the same day, the subject was communicated to

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
the auditor fiscal of the royal domain, who, in his representations of the 17th, founded on the sovereign disposition concerning the increase of population in those possessions of his majesty, supported the pretensions of Maza Arredondo and Son, gave his consent in order that the land which they solicit be granted to them in the terms they propose. Wherefore, on the day of yesterday, I provided the act which follows: Seen. In virtue of the royal order of the 3d of September, in this year, by which, in appointing me superintendent of the two Floridas, his majesty commands me, in express terms, to provide for the increase of population in those provinces by every means which my prudence and zeal may dictate, with the concurrence of his lordship the fiscal, and with the report of the surveyor general of the said province, the tract called Alachua, in East Florida, is declared to belong to the royal domain. In consequence whereof, and in attention of the notorious integrity and fidelity, to the known capital and other good qualities of Don Fernando de la Maza Arredondo and Son, I grant to them the part which they solicit of the said tract belonging to the royal domain, in conformity to the sovereign dispositions on this matter, and with the precise condition to which they obligate themselves to establish thereon two hundred families, which ought to be Spanish, with all the requisites which are provided for, and others which will be provided by this superintendency, in virtue of the said royal order; the said establishment to begin to be carried into effect in the term of three years, at farthest, without which this grant will be null and void; said grant is also understood to be made without prejudice to a third pat'ty, and especially to the Indians, natives of that land, who may have returned, or may pretend to return, to make there their plantations. Let this expedient pass to the surveyor general above mentioned, in order that he may make the corresponding plot, in conformity to his information, and the. granted extent of four leagues to every wind in a rectilineal figure, with all possible perspicuity, to avoid future doubts and litigations; which being done, let the title in form be executed, with the same plot annexed thereto, a copy of which will remain in the expedient, with the provision that the said three years allowed to commence the establishment of families are to run and be counted from

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Arredondo and othersq
this date; and that, on the first families being prepared and disposed, the grantees will give notice of it, together with a list of the individuals, and mention made of the places of which they are natives, of their occupation, in order that the orders and instructions which the government and the superintendency of the royal domain in East Florida may see fit to give, be issued, and in order that an account of the whole be given in proper time to his majesty.
The figurative plan formed by the surveyor general aforesaid being presented, with the explanation which, in continuation, he gave of the survey and demarcation, it results that the tract of land is sitpated in East Florida, fifty-two miles, more or less, distant west from the city of St Augustine, and about thirty-six miles west of the western margin of the river St John's; bounded on every side by vacant lands, the place known by the name of Alachua being towards the centre, which place was formerly inhabited by a tribe of the Seminole nation, which abandotied it; and according to the dimensions and form which were given to the tract in said plot, and the report annexed to it, it is specified that, as the leagues used in that province are equal to three English miles, containing each one thousand seven hundred and sixty yards or eighty chains of Gunter, the space granted contains two hundred and eightynine thousand six hundred and forty-five English acres, and five-sevenths of an acre, equal to three hundred and forty-two thousand two hundred and fifty arpents,and one-seventh of an arpent, a measure used in West Florida, and counting for an English acre one hundred and sixty perches and sixteen and a half feet, London measure, to a lineal perch as used in the time of the British dominion, and tolerated since by our government. "Wherefore, in the exercise of the faculties which have been conferred upon me by the king our lord, whom may God preserve, and in his royal name, I do grant, gratuitously, to the said Don Fernando de la Maza Arreaondo and Son, the number of acres of land as above stated, under the limits, courses, and distances, pointed out in the figurative plot, a copy of which will be annexed to this title, in order that they may possess the same as their own property, and enjoy it as the exclusive owners thereof, and in the terms exposed in my decree inserted in it.

JANUARY TERM 1832.

[United States v. Arredondo and others.]

In testimony whereof, I have ordered the execution of this

title, signed before me, and sealed with the royal seal used in

my office, and countersigned by the commissary of war, Don

Pedro Carambot, his majesty's secretary of this intendancy and

of the subdelegate superintendency general. Given in the

Havana, on the 22d of December 1817.

[L. s.]

ALEXANDRO RAMIREZ.

PETER CARAMIBOT.
An account of the preceding title has been taken and registered in the book prepared for that purpose in the secretary's office under my charge. Havana, date as above.
CARAMBOT.
This grant was alleged to have been authorised by a royal order of .he king of Spain, and other proceedings, of which the following translation was annexed to the petition.
Don Juan Nepomuceno de Arrocha, honorary comptroller of the army, and secretary of the intendancy of the public finance of this island, and that of Puerto Rico.
I do hereby certify, that, in compliance with the decree of the 7th of this month, of the superintendent Don Francisco Javier Ambari, made at the petition of Don Fernando de ]a Maza Arredondo, of the 4th instant, and filed in the secretaryIs office under my charge, exists the royal order of the following tenor.
His majesty, understanding by the letters of your lordship of the 14th and 18th of August, and 21st of October, of the year last past, No. 18, 28, and 107, of the resolution concluded with the captain general of that island, to regulate all that appertains to the branch of the royal finance, and to attend to the protection and advancement of the two Floridas; and hav-
ing conformed himself with the advice given by the supreme council of the Indies, in their deliberations held on the lth of kugust last, his majesty has been pleased to approve, for the present, all which has been. done with respect to the repulations of said branch, as also the supplies administered by the board of royal finance for the payment of the regiment of Louisiana, and other indispensable expenditures for the fortifications and defence of the cities of St Augustine and Pensacola, authorising your lordship, in case of necessity, to aid or sup-

SUPREME COURT.

[United States v. Arredondo and others.]

ply them. His majesty, likewise, has determined, for the present, the superintendency of the two Floridas in favour of your lordship, as superintendent of the island of Cuba: and, lastly, his majesty has been pleased to command to inform your lordship, as I now do, that you facilitate the increase of the population of those provinces, by all means which your prudence and zeal can dictate, informing, as soon as possible, the motives for the absence of Don Juan Miguel de Losadas and Don Manuel Gonzalez Almirez, from their offices.
All which I communicate to your lordship by royal order, and for your intelligence and compliance thereof God preserve your lordship many years.

Madrid,3d September 1817. To the Intendant of Havana.
Havana, 10th October 1823.

GARAY.

JUAN NEPoMrucEN o DE ARROCHA.

From Senor Don Jose Fuertes, intendant pro tem., advising

his having delivered the command to Senor Don Alex'o Ra-

mirez, chosen by his majesty.

Habano, 3d July 1816.

The king, our master, having been pleased to confer on

Senor Don Alexander Ramirez, by a royal commission of the

5th of October of the year last past, the pests of intendant of

the army, superintendent general subdelegate of the royal

domain, which I have provisionally exercised by royal order,

he has this day taken possession of them, and I advise your

excellen~y of it for your information, and due effects to the

service of his majesty. MIay God preserve your excellency

many years.

Jos DE FUERTES.

His excellency subdelegate of the royal domain.

St dugustine, Florida.

The petition proceeded to state: that as an inducement to

tle Spanish government to make the said grant to F. M.

Arredondo and Son, they had offered and stipulated to estab-

lish on the same two hundred families, in the event of the said

land being granted to them in full dominion and absolute pro-

perty; which offer was accepted by the Spanish government,

it requiring that the families should be Spanish. The grant

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
was made in absolute property, subject only to the condition that the grantees should begin their establishment in three years from the date of the grant. That though the settlement of the lands was begun in the months of September or November 1820, yet F. M. Arredondo, who was at Havana, ignorant of the fact, and knowing that previous to that time the settlement had been prevented by the disturbed state of East Florida, obtained from Don Ramirez a prolongation of the time of settlement for one year, by a decree dated 2d December 1820. The petition avers a performance of the conditions of the grant, .And that certain Spanish families and subjects were settled on the lands before and after the prolongation of the time for the same, and of the time allowed by the eighth article of the treaty between Spain and the United States, of the 22d February 1819, and that the settlements continue, there being on the lands a number of Spanish families and citizens of the United States, cultivating and improving the same.
The petition avers that from the situation of that part of Florida in which the lands are situated, from the beginning of 1818 until July 1821, they were entitled to that part of the provision of the eighth article of the treaty, which grants and secures to the owners of lanads in the territories an extension of time for the performance of grants. During a considerable period of time after the grant, the war between the United States and the Indians prevented the full accomplishment of the purposes of the petitioners for the settlement of the land; and the danger from the Indians, which would attend any settlement of land at Alachua, continued until the government of the United States took efficient means to protect the country, by posting troops in the same. The petitioners claimed, that by this state o things, and from these causes, they were exempt from the fullperformance of the condition of, the grant, as to the settlement of the land.
The petitiorn proceeds to state, that the cession of East Florida to the United States has rendered it wholly impracticable for the grantees to introduce and settle two hundred Spanish families on the land, the emigration of the same being prohibited by the laws of Spain. And the petitioners insist: that the original grantees have thus been prevented performing the conditions of the grant; that the original grantees
VOL. VI.-4 N

698

SUPREME COURT.

[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
and their assigns are thereby discharged of all obligation to settle families on the lands included in the grant: and that the United States have failed to ratify the grant, as they were bound to do under the treaty with Spain, in consequence of which the grantees could not proceed safely to settle and improve the
land. The petition alleges that the claims of the petitioners have
been submitted to the examination of the board of commiss. ioners, under the act of congress of 3d March 1828, entitled "an act amending and supplementary to the act for ascertaining claims and titles to lands in the territory of Florida, and to provide for the survey and dispbsal of the public lands in Florida:" and the proceedings of the board of commissioners on the same, are annexed to the petition-that the lands claimed by the petition are within the territory of Florida ceded to the United States by the treaty with Spain, of 22d February 1819; that these claims have not been decided and finally settled under the provisions of -the.act of congress of 23d May 182S, entitled "an act supplementary to the several acts providing
for the settlement and confirmation of .private land claims in Florida;" that the respective claims of the petitioners contain a greater quantity of land than the commissioners were by the acts of congress authorised to confirm; and that the said claims of the petitioners for the said lands, have not been reported. by the commissioners appointed under any of the aforesaid acts, or any other, or by the register and receiver, acting as
such, under the several acts of the congress of the United States in that case made and provided, as antedated or forged.
The petition prays that the titl*e of the petitioners to the
land claimed by them may he inquired into by the court,
according to the provisions of the act of congress, &c. To this petition an answer and supplemental answer Were
filed by the attorney of the United States for the district of
East Florida, at May term 1829, and subsequently. The answer requires that the petitioners shall' make due
proof that the tract of land claimed by the petitioners was granted by the Spanish government to Fernando de la Maza Arredondo and Son, with all the formalities and solemnities iused in such cases; and that the petitioners held by regular and legal conveyances under the said grant; and that the court

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
would require of the said petitioners due proof, according to law and the usages of courts of equity, of the making and execution of the said grant, deeds and conveyances, and of the matters and things therein contained, and in the said bill thereof alleged and set forth.
The answer avers that if the grant was executed, as alleged
in the petition, that then Don Alexander Ramirez the intendant, &c. exceeded the powers conferred on him by the crown of Spain; and that no power had been conferred upon the iqtendant to make grants of land in Florida -of the magni-' tiide and description of the one claimed and described in the petition; and if such. grant was made by the intendant, it was made contrary to, and in violation of, the laws, ordinances, and royal regulations of the government of Spain, providing for the granting'of land in its provinces, and was never approved by the king of Spain; without whose approval it was wholly null and void. And that if it was so made by the Spanish government to the said Fernando. de Ia Maza Arredondo and Son, at the time and in manner and form as the petitioners have alleged, it was made upon the precise obligation, and express condition of their binding themselves to establish there, to wit, on the said tract of land, two hundred Spanish families, with all the requisites which were pointed out to them, and the others which were to be pointed out to them, by the superintendency, .&c. to wit, on their beginning their establishment on the said tract of land within three years, at most, from the date of said grant, without which the said grant was to be considered null and void: which condition the said Fernando de ]a AMaza Arredondo and Son accepted, and engaged to perform. That the said Fernando de ]a Maza Arredondo and Son did not commence their said establishment on the said tract of land within the said three years; and they have not established on the land two hundred Spanish families, according to their engagement, but have wholly failed so to do: and farther, that the said condition and obligation have not been complied with and fulfilled, either by.the said Fernando de ]a Maza Arredondo and Son, or by any other person or persons in their behalf, nor by the said petitioners; so far from it, that the said Fernando de Ia Maza Arredondo and Son, after the time when the said grant-is supposed to have been

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Arredondo and others I
made as aforesaid, and without having in any manner complied with the condition thereof, removed their family from the province of East Florida to the island of Cuba, then and still one of the dependencies of the crown of Spain; to wit, after the cession and transfer of the said province to the said United States, and did then totally abandon the said tract of land. And that if the said grant was made as is alleged, and upon the condition mentioned, the performance of the said condition was a matter of special trust and confidence reposed by the said Spanish government in the said Fernando de la Maza Arredondo and Son, which could not have been delegated by them to aDy other person or persons; and that the sale and conveyance of said tract of land, or of parts thereof, to the said petitioners, by the said Fernando de la Maza Arredondo and Son, in manner and form as is in said bill alleged, without having first performed the said condition, was a violation of the special trust and confidence so reposed in theft as aforesaid, and rendered the said grant (if any such was ever made), by the laws then in force in East Florida, entirely null and void.
The answer denies that Fernando de Ia Maza Arredondo and Son were prevented from a compliance with and performance of the condition of the suppoqed grant, by any such causes, as are in the bill of complaint, by the said petitioners, alleged and set forth, or that such difficulties at any time existed in relation to the making of the settlement as is charged in the petitioh; and avers that it would have been perfectly practicable, with due and reasonable exertion, to have proceeded with the establishment and location of the two hundred families on the said tract of land, at any time after the period when the grant is alleged to have been made; and that no circumstances have at any time since that period existed, which could hrve entitled Fernando de la Maza Arredondo and Son, or the petitioners, to the benefit ofthe eighth article of the treaty in the bill of complaint mentioned; and that, if any of the parties ever were thus entitled, they each and all of them wholly failed to comply with said condition during the extension of time given by said treaty; and, farther, that, if any such grant of further time was given by the intendant, &c. to the said Fernando de la Maza Arredondo and Son, for the performance

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Arredondo av.d others.1
of the said obligation, as is mentioned in the said petition, such grant was rendered null and void by the latter clause of the said eighth article of the aforementioned treaty: and that if it had not been thus rendered null and void, the said Fernando de ]a Maza Arredondo and Son, and all persons claiming any interest in the said lan'd through them, entirely failed to avail themselves of the benefit intended to have been conferred thereby. The answer denies that the said petitioners are, by the circumstances by them thereunto alleged, stated, and set forth, or by any other circumstances whatever, absolved from the performance and fulfilment of the said condition and obligation; or that fhey, or either of them, are entitled to hold the said tract of land, or any part thereof, discharged from the said condition or obligation: and farther avers, that, if the said grant was made to Fernando de ]a Alaza Arredondo and Son in manner and form as is stated in the petition (which is not admitted), it was expressly made, and understood to be, without prejudice to a third person, and especially without prejudice to the native Indians of that soil, who might then have returned, or who might wish to return, to establish themselves there again; and, that after the time when the grant is alleged to have been made as aforesaid, such of the native Indians of that soil as were then absent, or some of them, did return, and, together with others of them, who were already there, wished to and did establish themselves upon the said tract of lanld.
And the answer avers that the right and title to the said tract of land was, previous to, and at the time when the grarit i6 alleged by the petitioners to have been made, vested in the Florida tribes of Indians, who, previously had, and then did claim title thereto, and occupy the same in their customary mianner, as their circumstances required; and that the native Indians formed a part of the Florida tribes: and, farther, that the claim, title, and occupancy of the aforesaid Indians, constituted the only real obstacle (if any existed) to the location and settlement of the two hundred Spanish families on the said tract of land; and that the claim, title, and occupancy of the Indians was a matter of public notoriety, and could not have been unknown to Fernando de Ia Maza Arredondo and Son, at the time when the grant is alleged to

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
have been made as aforesaid. And the answer farther says, that the said claim and title of the said Indians to the said tract of land was not extinguished until the 18th day of September in the year of our Lord 1823.
The answer submits that by the laws, ordinances, and royal
regulations of the government of Spain, which were in force in the province of East Florida at the time when the said grant is alleged to have been made, it was provided that the diszibution of land.s should be made with equity, and without any, distinction or preference of persons, or injury to the Indians; and that it was therein and thereby especially provided and commanded, that the lands which might be granted to Spanishsubjects should be without prejudice to the Indians, and that those granted to the injury of the Indians should be restored to their rightful owners.
The answer further avers, that Fernando de ]a Maza Arredondo and son were, at the time when thie grant is alleged to have been made as aforesaid, and still are, Spaniards, and subjects of the government of Spain, and that the grant of the tract of land (if any such was ever made, as is in said petition stated) to Vernando de la Maza Arredondo and son was made to the prejudice and injury of the Florida tribes of Indians.
The answer proceeds to state that the United States claim title to the said tract of land by virtue of the second article of the treaty "of amity, settlement and limits, between the United States and his catholic majesty, which was made, concluded and signed, between their pleiipotentiaries, at the city of Washington, on the twenty-second day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and riqneteen, and which was accepted, ratified and confirmed by the president of the same United States, by and with the advice and consent of the senate thereof, on the twenty-second day of February in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty-one, by which his catholic majesty cedod to the said United States, in full property and sovereignty, all the territories which then belonged to him, situated to the eastward of the Mississippi, known by the name of EaSt and West Florida, in which East Florida the said tract of landis silvate; and, also, by virtue of the treat, first above mentioned, which was accepted, ratified and confirmed by the president aforesaid, by and with the

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
advice and consent of the senate aforesaid, on the second day of January, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty-four.
The supplemental answer avers that if any such grant of further time was given by Don Alexander Ramirez, intendant, &c., as aforesaid, to Fernando de la Maza Arredondo and son, to perform the conditions of the said supposed grant, the grant of further time was equivalent to a new grant for the said lands, and that it was made contrary to, and in violation of, the laws, ordinances and royal regulations, and without any power or authority on the part of the sa id Don Alexander Ramirez, intendant, &c., as aforesaid, to make it; and that, if the said Don Alexander Ramirez, intendant, &c., as aforesaid, had been invested by the said Spanish government with competent power and authority to make grants of land in Florida of the magnitude and description of the one claimed and described by the petitioners aforesaid, in their said petition or bill of complaint, the said grant of farther time aforesaid was made since the 24th day of January 1818, as appears by the showing of the-petitioners themselves, and was and is rendered wholly null and void by the provisions of the latter clause of the eighth article of the treaty. And, that, if any such grant of the said lands was made as aforesaid, the said Fernando de la Maza Arredondo and- son wrongfully representcd to the said Alexander Ramirez, intendant, &c., as aforesaid, in order to obtain it, that the said lands had been abandoned by the said Indians and were vacant. And that it was in consequence of the said false, fraudulent and wrongful representations of the said Fernando de ]a Maza Arredondo and son, that he, the said Don Alexander Ramirez, intendant, &c., as aforesaid, declared the said lands to be crown lands, and granted them to the said Fernando de ]a Maza Arredondo and son; whereas, in truth, and in fact, the said lands were not vacant, nor abandoned by the said Indians, but that on the contrary, the said Indians had constantly been, and still were, possessed of the said lands, at the date of the said supposed grant, and that they had continually occupied the same, and had never left the said lands, unless they were driven.off by a superior and lawless force, and then only temporarily: and, therefore, if the said grant was made, as is alleged in the said pe-

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
tition or bill of complitnt, and'the said Don Alexander Ramirez, -intendant, &c., as aforesaid, had been and v'as invested, by the Spanish government aforesaid, with competent power and authority to make the same, it was fraudulently and surreptitiously obtained, by imposing on the said Don Alexander Ramirez, intendant, &c., as aforesaid, a false representation of facts; and, as it might have been cancelled by the king of Spain on that ground, so it might now be cancelled by the sovereign authority of the United States: and that court of equity cannot, consistently with the principles w~iich govern that tribunal, lend its aid togive effect to a grant obtained by fraud and misrepresentation. And the answer prays that the petitioners may be required to show and prove, on the hearing of the cause, the specific power gM authority which had been conferred (if any such power had been conferred) bythe Spanish government, upon the said Don Alexander Ramirez, intendant, &c., as aforesaid, at the time when the said, supposed grant is alleged to have been made as aforesaid, to make grants of land in East Florida, and, particularly, that they may be required to show and prove the specific power under which he claimed to act in making the said supposed grant of lands, and also the said grant of further time for the performance of the aforesaid conditions; if, indeed, any such grants were ever made by him, which is not admitted,
To the answer and the supplemental answer of the United States, the petitioners put in a general replication: and the case was regularly proceeded in to a hearing.
On the 1st of November 1830 a decree was given in favour of the petitioners; from which decree the United States ap-
pealed to this court. The evidence adduced in the court below, on the part of
the petitioners, consisted of the proceedings and the testimony given before the commissioners of the United States, upon the claim presented for their consideration according to the provisions of the act of congress; and of additional documehtary and oral evidence. Testimony was also given on the part of the United $tates to sustain the allegations in the answer, and applicable to the several matters therein contained. The particulars of the matters so exhibited in evidence are noi inserted in the report; as the opinion of the court, and the

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
dissenting opinion of Mr Justice Thompson, fully state the facts of the case, which were considered as established by this evidence.
The case was argued by Mr Call and Mr Wirt, with whom also was Mr Taney, attdrney-general, for the United States: and by Mr White and Mr Berrien, with whom also was Mr Webster, for the appellees.
The counsel for the United States contended, that the decree of the superior court of the eastern district of Florida should be reversed, and-the petition dismissed, on the following grounds:
1. TFe petitioner has not shown, what he was bound to show affirmatively, the authority of Alexander Ramirez to make the grant which the decree of the court has confirmed.
2. The intendant of the Island of Cuba was not authorized to make the grant in question; and it was made in violation of the laws and ordinances and royal regulations of the government of Spain.
3. The land in controversy was, at the time of the grant, within the Indian boundary established by the government of Great Britain during its occupancy of the Floridas, and subsequently acknowledged by the government of Spain; and was therefore not subject to be disposed of by the subordinate officers of the crown.
4. Conceding, for the sake of argument, that the intendant had the power to make the grant, the sovereign power alone could dispense with the conditions annexed to it; and no such power has been delegated to the judiciary.
5. The grantees failed to perform that condition of the grant which required them to commence the establishment of the two hundred Spanish families on the land, within three years from the date of the grant.
6. The grantees have not complied with the conditions of the grant which required them to settle two hundred Spanish Ihrmilies on the land.
7. The prolongation of time for the performance of the conditions of the grant, was given by the.aid intendant after the ratification of the treaty, by the king of Spairl, which ceded Florida to the United States; and is consequently void for the want of authority.
VOL. VI.-4 C

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
8.- The treaty and laws referred to in the decree, as the grounds of confirmation of the grant, do not justify it.
For the appellees, the following points were insisted upon: 1. By the terms of the treaty, all grants made by his catholie majesty, or his lawful authorities, are to remain valid. The only questions for the consideration of this court, are: 1st. The genuineness of the grant. 2d. The lawfulness of the authority by which it was issued. 2. The decree, on which this grant is founded, is a judicial act, which cannot be drawn into question in the tribunals of the United States. 3. A genuine grant issued by a lawful authority of his catholic majesty, can only be impeached on the ground of fraud in obtaining it. 4. This grant was within the scope of the powers expressly given to the Spanish officer making it, by the laws of the Indies. 5. It was specifically authorized by the royal order of the 3d Sept. 1817. '6. There was no existing Indian title to these lands, at the date of the grant, which could have rendered it invalid. 7. The condition annexed to the grant has been performed. 8. It has been discharged by the act of the party imposing it.
Mr Justice BALDWIN delivered the opinion of the Court. This is an appeal from the decree of the judge of the superior court for the eastern district of the territory of Florida. After the acquisition of Florida by the United States, in virtue of the treaty with Spain, of the 22d of February 1-819, various acts of congress were passed for the adjustment of private claims to land within the ceded territory. The tribunals appointed to decide on them, were ndt authorised to settle any which exceeded a league square; on those exceeding that qiiantity, they were directed to report especially their opinion for the future action of congress. The lands embraced in the larger claims, were defined by surveys and plats returned; they werb reserved from sale, and remained unsettled until some resolution should be adopted for a final adjudication on their validity, which was done by the passage of the law of

JANUARY TERM 1832.
LUnited States v. Arredondo and others.]
the 23d May 1828, pamph. 62. By the sixth section it was provided, "that all claims to land within the territory of
Florida, embraced by the treaty, which shall not be finally
decided and settled under the previous provisions of the same law, containing a greater quantity of land than the commissioners were authorised to decide, and above the amount confirmed by the act, and which have not been reported as ante-
dated or forged, shall be received and adjudicated by the judge
of the superior court of the district within which the land lies,
upon the petition of the claimant, according to the forms, rules, regulations, conditions, restrictions and limitations prescribed
to the district judge, and claimarts in Missouri, by the act of the 26th May 1824." By a proviso, all claims annulled by
the treaty, and all claims not presented to the commissioners,
&c. according to the acts of congress, were excluded. (a)
(a) By a reference to the thirteenth and fourteenth lines in the sixth section el'this law,as printed in the pamphlet editiot, in page 62, it reads, "according to the forms, ri.s, &c. pre'cribed by the district judge and claimants in the state of MAssouri, &c. by act ofcongress," &c. To have taken this expression literally, would have confined the superior court of Florida to the rules pr'escribed by thejudge of the ditrictcourt of .tissouri, and claimants; by acts of congress of 1824. That act authorised the judge to prescribe no rules, and it was absurd to suppose it meant that the claimants themselves should prescribe them. The court, therelore, coul not but consider the evident meining of the law to be "rules," &c. prescribed by the law itself, and was so btated in the opinion, which was delivered one day sooner than had been expected, and there was no time for revision. Satisfied that there was an error in the printing, I examined the original roll in the department of state, yesterday, and found the mistake; the word by had been inserted in the printed law, instead of to, as it was in the original roll: so that the law reads," the rules, &c. prescribed to the district judge and claimants by the act of congress." The important bearing of this word on the power of the court and the rules of its decision, has made the insertion of This note necessary, and as it may be useful in courts at a distance from the seat of government to have a correct copy of thissection of the law, the following paper is diiected to be appended; 20th March 1832. PerOtr Justice Baldwin.
I certfily thatthe olblowing is a true copy of the sixth section of an act ot con. gre's, approved the 23d of May 1828, entitled "an act supplementary to the several acts providing for thre settlement and confirmation of private land claims in Florida;" viz.
See. 6.And be it further enacted, that allclaims to land within the territory of Florida, embraced by the treaty between Spair an the United States, of the 22d of February 1819, which Alrall not be decided and finalsletytled under the loregoing proviions o this act, containing a geator quartity of land than the commissioners were authorised to decide, and above the amoint confirmed by this act, and which have not been reported as antedated or lorged, by said corn. rriraioneis, or regiter and teceive actrn a,s;uch, shall be received and adjtud-

SUPREME COURT.

[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
The seventh section provided for an appeal by the claim-
ants, and the ninth, by the United States to this court: the adjudication of the judge of the superior court having been rendered against the United States, the case comes before us by an appeal by them.
The law of 1824, which is thus referred to, and forms a part of that of 1828, furnishes the rules by which this court must be guided in assuming and exercising jurisdiction to hear and determine the claim in controversy. This law was passed to enable claimants to lands within the limits of Missouri and Arkansas, to institute proceedings to try the validity of their claims to land prior to the consummation of the cession of the territory acquired by the United States by the Louisiana treaty; and enacted, that any person, or their legal representative. claiming lands by virtue of any French or Spanish grant, concession, warrant, or order of survey, legally made, granted or issued, before the date of the 10th March 1804, by the proper authorities, to any persons resident in the province at the date thereof, which was protected and secured by the treaty, and which might have been perfected into a complete title, under and in conformity to the laws, usages and customs of the government under which the same originated, had not the sovereignty been transferred to the United States, may present his petition to the district court, setting forth the nature of his claim, the date of the grant, and quantity and boundary, by whom issued, and whether the claim had been submitted to any tribunal, and reported on by them, and how,'; praying that

cated by the judge of the superior court of the district within which the land lies,

upon the petition of the claimant, according to the forms, rules, regulations, conditioni, restrictions, and limitations prescribed to the district judge and claimants

in the state of Missouri, by act of congress, approved May zoul, 1824, entitled Ian act enabling the claimants to land within the limits of the state of Missoui

and territory of Arkansas, to institute proceedings to try the vlhdity of their

claims:' Provided, that nothing in this section shall be construed to authorise

said judges to take cognizance of any claim, annulled by the said treaty or the

decree ratifying the same by the king of Spain; nor any claim not presented to

the commissioners or register and receiver, inconformity to the several atts of

congress providing for the settlement of private land claims in Floida."

Faithfully compared with the roll'in this office.

Witness my hand, at the department of state, in the city of Washirgton, tl14

20th day of March 1832.

(Signed)

DANIEL BRENT, C C

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
the validity of their title and claim may be inquired into and be decided by the court. The court is authorised and required to hold and exercise jurisdiction of every petition presented in conformity with the provisions aforesaid, and to bear and determine the same on the petition, in case no answer be filed after due notice; or on the petition and the answer of any person interested in preventing any claim from being established, in conformity with theprinciplesofjustice,andaccordingto the laws and ordinances of the government under which the claim originated. (3 Story's Laws U. S. 1959, 1960, see. 1.)
A reference to the petition presented by the claimants in this tase, shows that it contains a full statement of all the matters required by the first section of the Missouri law, excepting the condition of residence, which is not required by the
act of 1828. Record, I to 22. It presents a claim for land in Florida, embraced by the treaty, not finally settled; containing the requisite quantity of land, not reported.on as antedated or forged, not annulled by the treaty, presented to and' acted on by the commissioners according to law. The superior couct of Florida then had jurisdiction of the petition to hear and determine the same, according to the principles of justice and the laws and ordinances of Spain; and the case is now regularly before us on an appeal from their decree.
The power to hear and determine a cause is jurisdiction; it is "coramjudice," whenever a case is presented which brings this power into action; if the petitioner states such a case in his petition that on a demurrer the court would render judgment in his favour, it is an undoubted case of jurisdiction, whether on an answer denying and putting in issue the allegations of the petition, the petitioner makes out his ease, is the exercise of jurisdictionconferred by the filing of a petition containing all the requisites and in the manner prescribed by law.
The proceedings on the petition are to be conducted according to the rules of equity, except that the answer on behalf of the United States need not be verified on oath.-'ec. 2.
This court has often decided that by these rules are meant the well settled and established usages and principles of the court of chancery, as adopted and'recognized in their decisions, which have been acted on here, under the provisions of the

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Arredondo and otbers.]
constitution and the acts of congress. In conformity with the prihciples of justice and the rules of equity, then, the court is directed to decide all questions arising in the cause, and by a final decree, to settle and determine the question of the validity of the title, accordingto the law of nations,the stipulations of any treaty andproceedings under the same, the several acts of congress in relation theretb, and the laws and ordinances of the governmentfrom which it is alleged to be derived, and all other questions which may properly arise between the claimants and the United States, which decree shall, in all cases, refer to the treaty,law or ordinanceunder which it is confirmed or decreed against. As these are made the basis of our decision, and this is the first final adjudication on those laws, we think it necessary to declare the sense in which we think they were intended by congress, as well as their plain legal import, agreeably to the rules of construction adopted by this court, or those which form the principle of the common law. It is not necessary to define what was meant by referring to the Lw of nations.
The numerous cases which have been adjudged by this, and in the circuit courts, make it wholly unnecessary to refer to the sources from which it has been extracted. By the stipulations of a treaty are to be understood its language and apparent intention manifested in the instrument, 'with a reference to the contracting parties, the subject matter, and persons on whom it is to operate. The laws under which we now adjudicateon the rights embraced in the treaty, and its instructions, authorise and direct us to do it judicially, and give its judicial meaning and interpretation as a contract on the principles of justice and the rules of equity. When the construction of this treaty was under the consideration of the court in the case of Foster and Elam v. Nelson, 2 Pet. 254, 99, it was under very different circumstances. The plaintiff claimed a title the land in controversy under a Spanish grant prior to the treaty, which he alleged was confirmed by the eighth article; he stoodsimplyon hisright,without anyact ofcongressauthorisingthesuit, or conferringon the courtany extraordinary powers. The first question which was decisive of the plaintiff's pretensions was whether the lands in contest were within the boundaries of Louisiana, as ceded in 1803, or within

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
Florida, as ceded in 1819. The boundary between the two territories had been for many years the subject of controversy and negotiation between the American and Spanish governments, the one claiming that Louisiana extended eastward of the Mississippi to the Perdido; the other that it did not extend on that side of the river beyond the island of Orleans, alleged 'to be separated'from West Florida by the Iberville. To have decided in favour of the plaintiff would have been adopting the Spanish construction of the Louisiana treaty in opposition to the pretensions and course of this government, which had taken possession of and exercised the powers of government over the territory between the Mississippi and the Perdido.
This court did not deem the settlement of boundaries a judi-
cial but a political question-that it was notits duty to lead, but to follow the action of the other departments of the government; that when individual rights depended on national boundaries, "the judiciary is not that department of the government to which the assertion of its interests against foreign powers is confided, and its duty commonly is to decide upon individual rights according to those principles which the political departments of the nation have established." "If the course of the nation has been a plain one, its courts would hesitate to pronounce it erroneous." "We think, then, however individual judges might construe the treaty of St Ildefonso, it is the province of the court to conform its decisions to the will of the legislature, if that will has been clearly expressed." 2 Peters, 307.
As to the other question depending on the stipulations of the eighth article, the court declared: 2nd the legislaturemust
execute the contractbefore it can become a rule for the court. 2 Peters, 314. But this case assumes a very different aspect. The only question depending is whether the claimants or the
United States are the owners of the land in question. By consenting to be sued, and submitting the decision to judicial action, they have considered it as a purely judicial question,which we are now bound to decide as between man and man, on the same subject matter and by the rules which congress themselves have prescribed, of which the stipulationsof any treaty and the proceedings under the same, form one of four

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
distinct ones. We must therefore be distinctly understood as not in the least impairing, but affirming the principle of Foster v. Nelson. As the law giving jurisdiction to hear and determine this case not only authorises but requires us to decide it according to the law of nations and the stipulations of the treaty, we shall consider, " that it has been very truly urged by the counsel of the defendant in error, that it is the usage of all the civilized nations of the world, when territory is ceded, to stipulate for the property of tits inhabitants. An article to secure this object, so deservedly held sacred, in the view of policy, as well as of justice and humanity, is always required and is never refused." Henderson v. Poindexter, 12 Wheat. 535. When such an article is contained in a treaty of cession, and its meaning submitted to our consideration, we shall follow up and effectuate the intention of congress, by deeming the subject matter to be, whether the land in controversy was the property of the claimants before the treaty, and if so, that its protection is as much guarantied by the laws of a republic as ;the ordinances of a monarchy. In so doing, we adopt and act upon another principle, contained in the opinion of this court ;in the same case, in alluding to the treaty of boundary between the United States and Spain, concluded on the 27th October, 1795. "Had Spain considered herself as ceding territory, she could, not have neglected a stipulation which every sentiment of justice and national honour would have demanded, and which the United States could, not have refused." Henderson v. Poindexter, 12 Wheat. 535. Spain was not regardless of those sentiments. She did not neglect; the United States did not refuse the stipulation in this treaty which did cede territory. In the same spirit of justice and national honour the national legislature has required its highest judicial tribunal to finally decree on the effect of this stipulation on theirs and the rights of the claimants "according to the law of nations" which is "the usage of all civilized nations." Such is the authority conferred on this court, and by the rules prescribed by the laws, which are our commission, we feel, in its language, "both authorised and required," "with full power and authority to hear and determine all questions arising in this cause relative to the title of the claimants) the extent, locality and boundaries of the said claim) or

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.] other matters connected therewith, fit and proper to be heard atid determined, and by a final decree, to settle and determine the same according to the law of nations," 2d sec. act of 1824. Congress have laid this down as the first rule of our decision in the spirit of justice and national hondur which pervades this law; the court will concider it as neither the last or least of its duties to embody it in such their final decree, if in their judgment the case before it calls for its application.
Our next rule of decision is-and proceedings under the treaty. By these are to be understood the acts and proceedings of the government, or others under its authority, subsequent to the treaty, in taking possession of the ceded territory, in organizing the local government, its acts within the authority of the organic law, the promises madL, the pledges given by either the general or local government. Also the proceedings of commissioners and other officers or tribunals appointed by congress to decide, and report on these claims so far as they have adopted and settled any rules and principles of decision within their powers, as guides to their judgment. These, in our opinion, are the "proceedings under the same," referred to, and intended by, the law, according to which we may decide, and are made a rule, a precedent for us.
The next guide is, "the several acts of congress in relation thereto," clearly referring to the clause immediately preceding: ",the stipulation of any treaty and proceedings under the same." By "the several qcts of congress in relation thereto," must be taken as refcrring to all the laws on the subject matter of either, necessarily embracing lands, property and rights depending on the stipulations and proceedings so made and had. Thus the course of the legislature points to that of the judiciary, it must be in the same path.
Where congress have, by confirming the reports of commissioners or other tribunals, sanctioned the rules and principles on which they were founded, -it is a legislative affirmance of the construction put by these tribunals on the laws conferring the authority and prescribing the rules by which it should be exercised; or which is to all intents and purposes of the same effect in law. It is a legislative ratification of an act done without previous authority, and this subsequent recogni-
VOL. VI.-4 P

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
tion and adoption is of the same force as if done by pre-existing power and relates back to the act done.
The next rule laid down for our direction is, "and the laws and ordinances of the government from which it is alleged to be derived." The laws of an absolute monarchy are not its legislative acts-they are the will and pleasure of the monarch expressed in various ways-if expressed in any, it is a law; there is no other law making, law repealing power-call it by whatever name-a royal order-an ordinance-a cedula-a decree of council-or an act of an authorised officer-if made or promulgated by the king, by his consent or authority, it becomes as to the persons or subject matter to which it relates, a law of the kingdom. It is emphatically so in Spain and all its dominions. Such, too, is the law of a Spanish province conquered by England. The instructions of the king to his governors are the, supreme law of the conquered colony; magna charta, still less the common law, does not extend its principles to it-King v. Picton, 30 St. Tr. 8vo ed. 866. A royal order, emanating from the king, is a supreme law, superseding and repealing all other preceding ones inconsistent with it. The laws of the Indies, have not their force as such by any legislative authority vested in the council; their authority is by the express or implied expression of the royal will and pleasure; they must necessarily yield to an order, prescribing a new rule, conferring new powers abrogating or modifying previous ones.
The principle that the acts of a king are in subordination to the laws of the country, applies only where there is any law of higher obligation than his will; the rule contended for may prevail in a British,certainly not in a Spanish province. There is another source of law in all governments, usage, custom, which is always presumed to have been adopted with the consent of those who may be affected by it. In England, and in the states of this union which have no written constitution, it is the supreme law; always deemed to have had its origin in an act of a state legislature of competent power to make it valid and binding, or an act of parliament; which, representing all the inhabitants of the kingdom, acts with the consent of all, exercises the power of all, and its acts become binding by the authority of all; 2 Co. Inst. 58-Wills, 116. So it is

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
considered in the states and by this court; 3 Pall. 400; 2 Peters. 656, 657.
A general custom is a general law, and forms the law of a contract on the subject matter; though at variance with its terms, it enters into and controls its stipulations .s an act of parliament or state legislature; 2 Mod. 238; W. Black. 1225; Doug. 207; 2 D. and E. 263-264; 1 H. Bi. 7, 8; 2 Binney, 486, 487; 5 Binney, 287; 2 S. and R. 17; 8 Wh. 591, 592; 9 Wh. 584, 591; and the cases there cited from 4 Mass. 252; 9 .Mass. 155; 3 Day, 346; 1 Caines, 43; 18 Johns. 230; 5 Cr. 492; 6 D. and E. 320; Day, 511; 5 Cr. 33. The court not only may, but are bound to notice and respect general customs and usage as the law of the land, equally with the written law, and, when clearly proved, they will control the general law; this necessarily follows from its presumed origin,-an act ofparliamentor a legislative &ct. Such would be our duty under the second section of the act of 1824, though its usages and customs were not expressly named as a part of the laws or ordinances of Spain. The first section of that act, giving the right to claimants of land under titles derived from Spain, to institute this proceeding for the purpose of ascertaining their validity and jurisdiction to the court to hear and determine all claims to land which were protected and secured by the treaty, and which might have been perfected into a legal title under and in conformity to the laws, uisages, and customs of Spain; makes a claim founded on them one of the cases expressly provided for. We eannot impute to congress the intention to not only authorize this court, but to require it to take jurisdiction of such a case, and to hear and determine such a claim according to the principles of justice; by such a solemn mockery of it as would be evinced by excluding from our consideration usages and customs, which are the law of every government, for no other reason than that in referring to the laws and ordinances in the second section, congress had not enumerated all the kinds of laws and ordinances by which we should decide whether the claim would be valid if the province had remained under the dominion of Spain. We might as well exclude a royal order because it was not called a law. We should act on the same principle, if the words of the second section were less explicit, and ac-

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
cording to the rule established in Henderson v. Poindexter. See 12 Wh. 530, 540.
We are also required to finally decide "all other questions properly arising between the claimants and the United States."
There is but one which has arisen in this case which does not refer to the laws of nations, the treaty and proceedings under it, the acts of congress, or the laws of Spai,-that is, the question of fraud in making the grant which is the faundation of the plaintiff's title; which, as well as all others, we must, by the terms of the law, decide "in conformity with the principles of justice." We know of no. surer guides to the principles of justice, than the rules of the common law, administered under a special law, which directs, (section second) "that every petition which shall be presented under the provisions of this act, shall be conducted according to the rules of a court of equity," and it does not become this tribunal to acknowledge that the decisions of any other are to be deemed better evidence of those rules or the principles of justice.
In Conard versus Nicoll, a great and lamented judge thus defined fraud: "The first inquiry is, what is fraud? From a view of all that has been said by learned judges and jurists upon this subject, it may be safely laid down, that to constitute actual fraud between two or more persons to the prejudice of a third, contrivance and design to injure such third person by depriving him of some right, or otherwise impairing it, must
be shown." He laid down three rules, which were incontrovertible:"1. That actual fraud is not to be presumed, but ought to
be proved by ,he party who alleges it. "2. If the motive and design of an act may be traced to an
honest and legitimate source equally as to a corrupt one, the former ought to be preferred. This is but a corollary to the preceding principle.
"3. If 1he person against whom fraud is alleged, should be proved to have been guilty of it in any number of instances, still if the particular act sought to be avoided be not shown to be tainted with fraud, it cannot be affected by these other frauds, unless in some way or other it be connected with or form a part of them."
This court unanimously adopted these principles as the max-

JANUARY TERM 18.32.
[United States Y.Arredondo and others.]
ims of the common law; 4 Peters, 295, 296, 297, 310; and will be governed by them in this case in their opinion on the question of fraud.
The next subject for our consideration is, the evidence on which we are to decide. The third section of the act is as follows: "That the evidence which has been received by the different tribunals which have been constituted and appointed by law to receive such evidence, and to report the same to the secretary of the treasury, or to the commissioners of the general land office, upon all claims presented to them, respectively, shall be received and admitted in evidence for oragainst the United States, in all trials under this act, when the person testifying is dead or beyond the reach of the court's process, together with such other testimony as it may be in the power of the petitioner, the person or persons interested in the defence made against establishing any claim, or the United States' attorney to produce; and which shall be admissibleaccording to the rieles of evidcnce and the principles of law."
These provisions of the act of 1S24 are applicable to this case; they have not been altered by the act of 1828, and by the zighth section axe expressly extended to the Florida claims. They are liberal-worthy of the government which has adopted and made them the rules by which to test therights of private claimants to portions of the land embraced in the ceded territory. From a careful examination of the whole legislation of congress on the subject of the Louisiana and Florida treaties, we cannot
ritertain a doubt that it has from their beginning been inten(led that the titles to the lands claimed should be settled by the sanme rules of construction, law and evidence, in.all their newly acquired territory. That they have adopted as the basis of all their acts, the principle that the law of the province in which the land is situated is the law which gives efficacy to the grant, and by which it is to be tested, whether it was properlyat the time the treaties took effect.
The United States seem never to have claimed any part of what could be shown by legal evidence and local law to have beeun severed from the royal domain before their right attached. In giving jurisdiction to the district court of Missouri to decideon these claims, the only case expressly excepted is that of Jacques Glamorgan (in section 1-1,3 Story L. U. S. 1964); and in the corresponding law, as to Florida; those annulled by the

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
treaty, and those not presented in time, according to the acts of congress (section 6, pamphlet 62).
The United States have by three cessions acquired territory, within which there have been many private claims to land under Spanish titles. The first in point of time was by the compact with Georgia, in 1802, by the terms of which it was stipulated -cc That all persons who, on the 27th October 1795, were actual settlers within the territory thus ceded, shall be confirmed in all their grants, legally and fully executed prior to that day, by the former British government of West Florida, or by the government of Spain." (1 Laws, 489.)
The stipulations of the treaties by which they acquired Louisiana and Florida, contained provisions of a similar nature as to claims to land under Spain before the cession.
The whole legislation of Congress, from 1803 to 1828, in relation to the three classes of cases, so far as respected Spanish titles, is of an uniform character on cases of a corresponding description. The rules vary according to the kind of title set up; distinctions have been made in all the laws between perfect or complete grants, fully executed, or inchoate incomplete ones, ,where a right had been in its inception, under or by colour of local law or authority, but required some act of the government to be done to complete it. Both classes have been submitted to the special tribunals appointed to settle, to report finally or specially upon them, and the claimants have, under certain circumstances, been permitted to assert their rights in court by various'laws, similar in their general character, but varying in detail to meet the cases provided for.
They are too numerous to be noticed in detail-some will be referred to hereafter; but it is sufficient for the present to observe, that from the whole scope and spirit of the laws on the subject of Spanish titles, the intention of congress is most clearly manifested, that.the tribunals authorised to examine and decide on their validity, whether special or judicial, should be governed by the same rules of law and evidence in, their adjudication on claims of the same given character. The second and third sections of the Missouri act of 1824, the first, sixth, and eighth of the Florida act of 1828, can admit of no other construction. It was within the discretion of the legislature to select the cases to be submitted to either tribunal;

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
they have directed that no claims should be decided on by a special tribunal which is for a quantity greater than one league square; they had reserved to themselves the disposition of those for a larger amount, and finally have devolved on this court their final decision. These are good reasons for the jurisdiction being conferred-but the selection of this tribunal for a final and conclusive adjudication on the large claims, affords neither an indication of the intention of congress, pr furnishes us any reason; that in the exercise of that jurisdiction, wt should consider that "the principles of-justice," the rules of a court of equity, "the law of nations," of treaties ":of congress, " or of "Spain," the rules of evidence, or the "principles of law," can be at all affected by the magnitude of the claim under consideration. The laws which- confer the authority and point to the guides for its exercise, make no such discrimination, and every "principle of justice" forbids it. By the laws of congress on this subject, however, we must be distinctly understood as not comprehending those which have been passed on special cases or classes of cases, over which they had delegated to no tribunal power to decide, but which were disposed of according to circumstances of which they chose to be the exclusive judge. There is another duty imposed on the court by the second section of the act of 1824, after making a final decree; ." which decree shall, in all cases, refer to the treaty, law, or ordihance, under which it is confifined or decreed against;" so that we may make a final decree to settle and determine the validity of the title according to either the law of nations, "the stipulations of any treaty, law, or ordinance" referred to; and if, by either the one or more rules of decision thus prescribed, we shall be of opinion that the title of the claimants was such as might have been perfected into comFlete title under and in conformity to the laws of Spain, if the sovereignty of the country had not been transferred to the United States, in the words of the Missouri law of 1824; or which were valid under the Spanish government, or by the laws of nations, and which were not rejected by the treaty ceding the-territory of East and West Florida to the United States, in the words of the Florida laws of 1822-and 1823, 3 Story, 1870, 1907, referred to and adopted in that of 1828, we can decree finally on the title. These laws being in ,'part

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
materia," and referred to in the one giving us jurisdiction, must be taken as one law, "reddendo singula singulis."
The counsel of the United States have considered the merits
of this case as resting mainly, if not wholly, on the eighth article of the treaty; but the law compels us to take a view of it much less limited. That article names only grants; and if we decide alone on it, we must decree against the claim, unless we think the title good under it; though if it was for a quantity not exceeding a league square, any other tribunal would confirm it. This would be making a distinction so unworthy a just legislature, that we shall not impute to them the intention of directing it to be the rule of our action. We shall certainly not adopt it unless it is clearly imposed by the authority of a law expressed in terms admitting of no doubt.
The fourth section of the Florida act of 1S22, 3 Story, 1870, er.acts that every person claiming title to lands under any patent, grant, concession, or order of survey, dated previous to 24th January 1818, which were valid under the Spanish government, or the laws of nations, and which were not rejected by the treaty, shall file his, her, or their claim, &c. "And said commissioners.shall proceed to examine, and determine on the validity of said patents, grants, concessions and orders of survey agreeably to the laws and ordinaices heretofore existing of the governments making the grants respectively, having due regard in all Spanish claims, to the conditions and stipulations contained in the eighth article of the treaty of 22d of February" 1819. The intention of this provision cannot be misunderstood; due regard must be had to this article, it must be considered, weighed, and deliberated upon in connexion with the other matters which form the rule of decision. A decree may be founded upon the stipulations of*the treaty'and proceedings under it-or it may be independent of them, according to the laws of nations, congress, or Spain; each of which is of as high obligation as the treaty and on either of which alone we may found our decree. Though the term "law of nations" is not carried into the second clause of the fourth section of the act of 1822, yet we consider it a rule of decision for the reasons before stated, and on the authority of Henderson v. Poindexter-the manifest object of the law in directing those claims to be filed, which are valid by the

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Arredondo and other.j
law of nations, is, that they shall be adjudicated on accordingly by the authorized tribunal.-To impute to congress the intention of directing them to be filed, described, and recorded; and forever barred if not so recorded, and of ordering the tribunal to examine and decide on their validity, and in the same sentence withhold from the same tribunal the power of doing it, by the principles of the same law on which they were founded and by which they were made valid, would be utterly inconsistent with every rule of law. The sixth section of the act of 1828, is still more comprehensive, it provides that all claims to land, within the territory of Florida, embraced by the treaty of 1819, which shall not be decided and finally settled under the foregoing provisions of this act, containing a greater quantity of land, &c. and which have not been reported on as antedated or forged by the commissioners, not annulled by the treaty and reported on by the commissioners, shall be received and adjudicated by the judge of the superior court of the district (see pamphlet, 62). This includes all claims-the former laws included only those specially designated-this embraced all not before decided, and not finally settled, with only two exceptions-one as to quantity, the other as to date and forgery. Whether then the present claim is by patent, grant, concession, warrant, or order of survey, or any other act which might have been perfected into a complete title, by laws, usages, and customs of Spain, is immaterial as to our power io hear and determine. The fifth section of the Missouri act (3 Story, 1962), and the twelfth section of the Florida act (pamphlet, 63), finally bars at law and in equity all claims to lands, tenements, and hereditaments within theie purview, which ar6 not brought by petition before the court. They are of course not cognizable by them.
We now proceed to consider the validity of the present claim.-The claimant offered and gave in evidence an original grant, from Don Alexandre Ramirez, styling himself, :gin-' tendant of the army, subdelegate superintendent general of the royal domain of the island of Cuba, and the two Floridas," &c. &c. It purported to convey the land in controversy to Arredondo and Son, to have been made in' the exercise of the faculties which had been conferred on Ramirez by the king; it was made in the royal name for the number of acres of land,
VOL. VI.-4 Q

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
under the limits, courses, and distances pointed out in the figurative plot. In order that they may possess the same as their own property, and enjoy it as the exclusive owners thereof; and in the terms mentioned in the decree therein recitedwith an absolute dominion over and full property in it. The grant purports to be made on great deliberation and in solemn form; as a sentence in the official dapacities which were assumed, "upon examination and in virtue of the royal order of 3d of September of the present year, in which his majesty having appointed me superintendent of the two Floridas, desires me in the strongest terms to procure the settlement of these provinces by every means which my zeal and prudence can suggest." "In conformity with the fiscal (the attorneygeneral) and the report made by the surveyor general, I declare as crown property the territory of Alachua" (the lands in question). The grant then followed, "signed with my hand, sealed with the royal arms, as used in my secretary's office, and countersigned by the commissary at war, Don Pedro Cerambat, secretary for his majesty in this intendency," and "cregistered in the book for that purpose in the office under the secretary's charge." No objection appears to have been made to the admission of this paper in evidence; its genuineness seems not to have been contested-no attempt was male to impeach it as antedated or forged, and its due execution in all the forms known to the local government was unquestioned. It was therefore before the court below, and is so here, at least, prima facie evidence of a grant of the land it describes to the claimants, the rules of evidence and the principles of law give it this effect and so it must be considered. Here an important question arises--whether the several acts of congress relating to Spanish grants do not give this grant and all others which are complete and perfect in their forms "legally and fully executed," a greater and more conclusive effect as evidence of a grant by proper authority.
It is but a reasonable presumption that congress in legislating on the subject of Spanish grants in the three territories which they have acquired since 1802, and in devising and providing efficient means for the ascertaining and finally settling all claims of title-under them by persons asserting that the lands they claimed had been severed from the public

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Arredondo and otherm.]
domain before the cessions of the territory to the United States. That when they have by a series of laws from 1803, to 1828 authorized special and subordinate tribunals to decide on claims to the extent of a league square, inferiqr courts to decide on all claims to any amount, and finally, if no appeal is taken; and this court to pronounce a final decree on appeal, which may separate millions of acres from the common fund. They would have made what was deemed adequate provision to guard the public from spurious grants, by prescribing for the various tribunals authorized to decide on "claims such rules of evideuce applicable to those grants as would secure the interest of the nation from fraud and imposition." Yet, in their whole legislation on the subject (which has all been examined), there has not been found a solitary law which directs; that the authority on which a grant has been made under the Spanish government should be filed by a claimant-recorded by a public officer, or submitted to any tribunal appointed to adjudicate its validity and the title it imparted-congress has been content that the rights of the United States, should be surrendered and confirmed by patent, to the claimant, under a grant purporting to have emanated -under all the official forms and sanctions of the local government. This is deemed evidence of their hving been issued by lawful, proper, and legitimate authority-when unimpeached by proof to the contrary.
In providing for carrying into effect the stipulations of the compact of cession with Georgia, the fifth section of the act of 1803 provides. That all persons claiming land Ipursdant thereto should before the 1st March 1804, deliver to the register of the land office, in the proper district, a notice containing a statement of the nature and extent of his claim and a plot thereof; also, for the purpose of being recorded; every grant, order of survey, deed of conveyance, or other written evidence of his claim-in default whereof all his right, so far as depended on the cession, or the law was declared void-forever barred-and the grant inadmissible in any court in the United States against any grant from them. (2 Story, 894,895.) By the sixth section, it was providel, that When it should be made to appear to the commissioners that the claimant was entitled to a tract of land under the cession in virtue pf a Spanish or British grant legally andfully executed, they

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
were directed to give hinm a certificate which amounted to a relinquishment of the claim of the United States for ever, when recorded. The fact which gave to the recorded certificate of the commissioners the effect of a patent, was the existence of a grant; the legality and fullness of its execution only was required to be made to appear. No inquiry was directed to be made as to the authority by which it was done; the United States were too just to exait from the grantees of land under an absolute colonial government what no court requires from one who holds lands under the granit of the United States or of a state fully executed: or if inchoate never compels a claimant to produce the authority of the officer who issues or executes a warrant or order of survey; it is always presumed to-be done regularly till the contrary appears, or such reasons are offered for doubting its authenticity, as are sufficient in law to rebut the legal presumption. By the first section of the supplementary act of 1804, claimants by complete British or Spanish grants are required to record no evidence of their claim except the originalgrantor patent with the warrant or order of survey and the plat-the other papers were to be deposited with the register of the land office, in order to be laid before the commissioners for their consideration. (Act of March 27, 1804,2 Story, 952.)
As no law required the exhibition of the authority under which a grant warrant, or order of survey was made; as it formed a part of the evidence of title to be recorded, deposited, or acted on by the commissioners, they were not authorized to call for it before making their decision.
The grant legally and fitlly executed was competent evidence of the matters set forth in it, and as none other was necessary it was in effect conclusive. But congress thought it proper to authorise the commissioners not to confine their examination to the mere execution of the alleged grant. By the third section of the same law it is provided as follows. "Or whenever either of the. said boards shall not besat'sfied that such grant, warrant or order of survey, did issue at the time it bears date, the said commissioners shall not be bound to considersuch grant, warrant, or order of survey as conclusive evidenceof the title, but may requiresuch other proof of its validity; as they may think proper."-Nothing can more

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
clearly manifest the undvstanding of congress that such grant,
&c was conclusive evidence of title, and that the commission-
ers were not under the existing laws, at liberty to require from
the claimants any other proof, than their conferring on them by express words the power of doing so. "Expressio unius est exclusio alterius," is an universal maxim in the construction
of statutes. In the law of the succeeding session, passed for ascertaining
and adjusting the titles and claims to land within the territory of Orleans and district of Louisiana, it was directed that the evidence of claims to land should be recorded-but there was this proviso in the fourth section: "That where lands are claimed by virtue of a complete French or Spanish grant as aforesaid, it shall not be necousary for the claimant to have any other evidence of his claim recorded, than the originalg'antor patent; together with the warrant or order of survey, and the plot." Other provisions follow similar to those in the pre-
ceding law relating to claims included in the articles of agreement, with Georgia. (2 Story, 967,968.) By the fifth section the commissioners are directed to "decide in a summary manner, according to justice and equity, on all claims filed with the register and recorder, in conformity with the provisions of this act, and on all complete F~rench or Spanish grants, the evidence ofwhich, thoughnot thusfiled, may befound of record on thepublic records of such grants,which decision shall be laid before congress in the manner hereinafter directed, and be subject to their determination thereon." The commissionera shall not be bound to consider such grant, warrant, or order, of survey as conclusive evidence of title, when they were not satisfied that it issued at the time it bears date, but that the same is antedated or otherwise fraudulent,they may then require such other proof of its validity as they may think proper. By proof of validity must be understood of its genuineness and authenticity, and that it is not fraudulent; so as to satisfy themselves as to those doubts which authorizedthem to require further proof than the grant itself, of its legal, full and fair execution; not of the authority of the officer who made it -no law gives power to exact proof of that. This act of congress proves, that by considering the recordedgrantas conclagive evidence of title, (which cannot be without power in

SUPREME COURT.
LUnited States v. Arredondo and others.]
the grantor) unless it is antedated or otherwise fraudulent, the authority of the officer making it was presupposed.
The act of 1822, for ascertaining claims and titles to land in the territory of Florida (3 Story, 1870)-directs all persons claiming title to lands under any patent, grant, concession or order of survey, to file before the commissioners their claim, "setting forth its situation and boundaries, if to be ascertained, with their deraignment of title, where they are not the grantees or original claimants," which shall be recorded, &e. section 4. This dispenses with the filing the warrant or order of survey, the survey or plot required by the laws relating 'to both the Georgia and Louisiana claims, as they need not set forth or file their deraignment of title, where they claim by a grant, patent, &e. to themselves. The direction of the law can apply only to such grant or patent, &c.; this being filed and recorded; the fifth section enacts, "that the commissioners shall have power to innuire into the validity and justice of the claims filed with them, and if satisfied that said claims be correct and valid, shall give confirmation to them, which shall operate as a release of any interest which the United States may have." The second section of the act of 1823, supplementary to the last, dispenses with the necessity of producing in evidence, before the commissioners, the deraignment of title from the original grantee or patentee; but the commissioners shall confirm every claim in favour of actual settlers at the time of the cession, &c. when the quantity "claimed does not exceed three thousand five hundred acres." (3-Story, 1907.) By the act of 1824, for extending the time limited for the settlement of private land claims in the territory of Florida, "the claimants shall not be required to produce in evidence a deraignment of title from the original grantee or patentee, but the exhibition of the originaltitle papers, agreeably to the fourth section of the act of 1822, with the deed or devise to the -claimant, and the office abstracts of the intermediate conveyances for the last ten years preceding the surrender of Florida to the United States; and.when they cannot be produced, their absence being accounted for satisfactorily, shall be sufficient evidence of the right of the claimant or claimants to the land so claimed, as against the United States." -(3Story, 1935, section 2.)

JANUARY TERM 1892.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
It is thus clearly evidenced, by the acts, the words, and intentions of the legislature, that in considering these claims by the special tribunals, the authority of the officer making the grant, oi other evidence of claim to lands, formed no item in the title it conferred; that the United States never made that a point in issue between them and the claimants to be even considered, much less adjudicated. They have submitted to the principle which prevails as to all public grants of land, or acts of public officers, in issuing warrants, orders of survey, permission to cultivate or improve, as evidence of inceptive and nascent titles, which is; that the public acts of public officers purporting to be exercised in an official capacity and by public authority, shall not be presumed to be an usurped, but a legitimate authority, previously given or subsequently ratified, which is equivalent. If it was not a legal presumption that public and responsible 'officers claiming and exercising the right of disposing of the public domain, did it by the order and consent of the government, in whose name the acts were done, the confusion and uncertainty of 'titles and possessions would be infinite, uven in this country; especially in the states whose tenures to land depend on every description of inceptive, vague and inchoate equities, rising in the grade of evidence, by iarious intermediate acts, to a full and legal confirmation, by patent, under the great seal.
To apply the principle contended for to the various papers which are sent from the general 'or the local land offices, as instructions to officers under their direction; or evidence of incomplete title to land, by requiring any other evidence of the authority, by which it was done than the signature of the officer, the genuineness of the paper, proved by witnesses or authenticated by an official seal, would be not only of dangerous tendency, but an entire novelty in our jurisprudence, as "a rule of equity or evidence," or "principle of law or justice." The judicial history of the landed controversies, under the land laws of Virginia and North Carolina, as construed and acted on within those states, and in those where the lands ceded by these states to the United States lie, and Pennsylva-, nia, whose land tenures are very similar in substance, in all which the origin of titles is in very general, vague, inceptive equity; will show the universal adoption of the iule, that the

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Arredondo and otbers.]
acts of public officers in disposing of public lands, by colour or claim of public authority, are evidence thereof until the contrary appears by the showing of those who oppose the title set up under it and deny the power by which it is professed to begranted. Without the recognition of this principle, there would be no safety in title papers, and no security for the enjoyment of property under them. It is true that a grant made without authority is void under all governments--9 Cr. 99, 5 Wh. 303,-but in all the question is on whom the law throws the burthen of proof, of its existence, or non-existence. A grant is void, unless the grantor has the power to make itbut it is not void because the grantee does not prove or produee it. The law supplies this proof by legal presumption, arising from the full, legal, and complete execution of the official grant, under all the solemnities known or proved to exist or to be required by the law of the country where it is made and the land is situated.
A patent under the seal of the United States or a state is conclusive proof of the act of granting by its authority; its exemplification is a record of absolute verity. Patterson v. Winn,'5 Peters, 241.
The grants of colonial governors, before the revolution, have always been, and yet are, taken as plenary evidence of the grant itself, as well as authority to dispose of the public lands. Its actual exercise, without any evidenceof disavowal, revocation, or denial by the king, and his consequent acquiescence and presumed ratification, are sufficient proof in the absence of any to the contrary (subsequent to the grant) of the royal assent to the exercise of his prerogative by his local governors. This or no other court can require proof that there exists in every government a power to dispose of its property; in the absence ofany elsewhere, we are bound to presume and consider, that it exists in the officers or tribunal who exercises it, by making grants, and that it is fully evidenced, by occupation, enjoyment, and transfers of property, had and made under them, without disturbance by any superior power, and respected by all co-ordinate and inferior officers and tribunals throughout the state, colony or province where it lies.
A public grant, or one made in the name and assumed authority of the sovereign power of the country, has never been

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Aredando and others.]
considered as a special verdict; capable of being aided by no inference of the existence of other facts than those expressly found or apparent by necessary implication, an objection to its admission in evidence on a trial at law, or a hearing in equity, is in the nature of a demurrer to evidence on the ground of its not conducing to prove the matter in issue.
If admitted, the court, jury, or chancellor, must receive it as evidence both of the facts it recites and declares, leading to and tne foundation of the grant, and all other facts legally inferable by either from what is so apparent on its face. Taking, then, as a settled principle, that a public grant is to be taken as evidence that it issued by lawful authority, we proceed to examine the legal effect of a Spanish grant in adjudicating on their validity, by the principles of justice in a court; and by the rules of equity, evidence, and law, directed by the act of 1824, which forms a part of the law under which their validity is :submitted to our judicial consideration.
The validity and legality of an act done by a governor of a conquered proviice, depends on the jurisdiction over the .ubject matter delegated to Lim by his instruction from the king, and the local laws and usages of the colony, when they have been adopted as the rules for its government. If any jurisdiction is given, and not limited, all acts done in its exereise are legal and valid; if there is a discretion conferred, its abuse is a matter between the governor and his government, &c.; King v. Picton, late governor of Trinidad, 30 St. Tr. 869-871.
It is an universal principle, that, where power or jurisdiction is delegated to any public officer or tribunal over a subject matter, and its exercise is confided to his or their discretion; the acts so done are binding and valid as to the subject matter; and individual rights will not be disturbed collaterally for any thing done in the exercise of that discretion within the authority ond power conferred.- The only questions which can arise between an individual claiming a right under the acts lone, and the public, or any person denying its validity, are, nower i. the olcer, and /raud irt the party. All other questions are sattled by the decision made or the act done by the tribunal or officer; whether executive, (1 Cr. 170-171)legislatve, (I Wh. 123; 2 Peters, 112; 4 Peters, 563)-judi-
VOL. VI.-4 R

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
cial, (I1Mass. 227; 11 S. & R. 429; adopted in 2 Peters, 167, 168), or, special, 20 J. R. 739, 740; 2 Dow. P. Cas. 521, &c. unless an appeal is provided for, or other revision, by some appellate or supervisory tribunal, is prescribed by law.
The principles of these cases are too important not to be referred to, and though time does not admit of their extraction and embodying in our opinion, we have no hesitation in declaring that they meet with our entire concurrence, so far as applicable to this case. But there are other cases which have been decided by this court, which have, in our opinion, so direct a bearing on the effect and validity of the grant in question, as to deserve a close examination; they will be considered in their order.
In Polk's lessee against Wendell, various objections were made to the validity of a grant from the state of North Carolina, as not having issued under the auihority of law. The court laid down this. general principle: "But there are cases in which a grant is absolutely void; as when the state has no title to the thing granted, or where the officer had no authority to issue the grant," (9 Cr. 99; repeated in the same case, 5 Wh. 303). In a succeeding part of their opinion, they observe, in allusion to the law of the state-" This act limits the amount for which an entry may be made, but the same person is not in this act forbidden to make different entries, and entries were transferable. No prohibition appears in the act which should prevent the assignee of several entries, or the person who has made several entries, from uniting them in one survey and patent." (9Cr. 85). "The laws for the sale of public landsprovide many guards to secure the regularity of grants, to protect the incipient rights of individuals, and also to protect the state from imposition. Officers are appointed to superintend the business, and rules are framed prescribing their duty. These rules are in general directory, and where all the proceedings are completed, by a patent issued by the authority of the state, a compliance with these rules is pre-supposed. That every prerequisite has been performed, is an inference properly deducible, and which every man has a right to draw from the existence of the grant itself. It would therefore be extremely unwarrantable for any court to avoid a grant for any irregularities in the conduct of those who are appointed by the govern-

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Arredondo and others ]
ment to supervise the progressive course of a title from its commencement to its confirmation in apatent;" 9 Cr. 99. In a review of their opinion, it is laid down, "9As to what validity shall be given to the grants emanating from North Carolina, the decision places it upon the statutes of North Carolina; and although an opinion is expressed, that North Carolina could make no new grants after the cession, to congress, who could entertain a doubt upon the-question? The right referred to here, was to perfect incipient grants; but what restraint is imjosed on her discretion, or what doubt suggested of her good faith in executing that power? It will be perceived, that as to irregularities committed by the officers of government, prior to the grant, the court does not express a doubt but that the government and not the individual must bear the consequences resulting from them." 5 Wh. 304. They refer to the rule as to the patents laid down in the former case, 'and add: "But in admitting that the grant shall support the presumption that every prerequisite existed, it necesssarily admits that a warrant shall be evidence of the existence of an entry: nor is it by any means conclusive to the contrary, that the entry does not appear upon the abstracts of entries in Washington county, recorded in the secretary's office; on the contrary, if the warrants issued are signed by the entry taker, it is conclusive that the locations were received by him; and if he omitted to enter them, his.neglect ought not to prejudice the rights of him in whose favour the warrants were issued." 5 Wh. 304, 305. This is a very important principle applying to all imperfect grants, concessions, warrants, and orders of survey. That the production of either is legal evidence, from which the legal presumption arises, that all preceding acts necessary to give it legal validity, havehbeen done before it issued.
Another equally so was established in that.case: "There was one point made in the argument of this case, which, from its generad importance, deserves our serious attention, and which may I[ave entered into the views of the circuit court in making their decision. It was, whether admitting this grant to be void, innocent purchasers, without notice, holding under it, should be affected by its nullity. On general principles it is incontestable, that a grantee can convey no more than lip possesses. Hence, those who come in under the holder of a void

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
grant, can acquire nothing; but it is cleat that the courts of Tennessee have held otherwise. Yet the North Carolina act of 1777, certainly declares grants attained by fraud, to be absolutely void: and the same result must follow, where the state has relinquished its power to grant, or no law exists to support the validity of the grant. But it seems that the courts of Tennessee have adopted this distinction, that grants in such cases shall be deemed void only as against the state, and not then until adjudged so by some process of law. If this be the settled law of Tennessee, we are satisfied that it should rest on the authority of adjudication." 5 Wh. 309. This evidences the respect paid by this court to local common law, which is but custom and usage, although opposed to general principles which are incontestable. "1Hence this court has never hesitated to conform to settled doctrines of the state on landed property, when they are fixed and can be satisfactorily ascertained; nor would it ever be led to deviate from them in any case that bore the semblance of imphrtial justice." 5Wh. 302. Thesame principle applies to those -f a territory, and to Florida, by the act of 1824. In Hoofnagle against Anderson, a patent had issued for lands in the Virginia military district, in Ohio, on a continental warrant, issued by the register of the land office, without authority by law or a certificate of the governor, for state services. The question on which the title depended was, whether the illegality of the warrant could be inquired into after the grant by a patent; on which the opinion of the court was given in these words: "But this reference to the certificate of the executive, alipears on the face of every warrant, and contains no other information than is given by law; the. law requires this certificate as the authority of the register. It is considered as a formal part of the warrant These warrants are by law transferable. They areprovedby the signatureof the officer and seal of office. The signature and seal are considered as full proof of the rights expressed in the paper;-no inquiry is ever made into the evidence received by the public officer. If the purchaser of such a paper takes it subject to the risk of its having-issued erroneously, there ought to be some termina ion to this risk. We think it ought to terminate when the warrant is completely merged in a patent, and the title consummated without having encountered an adversary claim." 7 Wh. 217, 218.

JANUARY TERM 1m32.
[United States v. Arrclondo and others.]
A reference to the decisions of this court on titles in Florida, will show how they have been heretofore considered: " It is true, that the act of the 3d of March 1803, although making no express provision in favour of British or Spanish grants, unaccompanied with possession, does seem to proceed upon the implication that they are valid, recognising the principle that a change of policy produces no change in individual property, yet it imputes to them only a modified validity;" (referring to the necessity of their being recorded, and the consequence of not doing it.) Harcourt against Gallard, 12 Wheat. 528. Had that claim been so recorded, and come before the court under a law and circumstances similar to this, there could have been no doubt of what its opinion would then have been. In the next case, after reciting tlre first section of the act of 1803, the court say: "This section places those persons who had obtained a warrant or order of survey, before 27th October 1795, on equal ground with those whose titles were completed." After reciting the residue of that act and the preceding one of 1804, they express a very strong opinion that a British or Spanish grant was cognizable before the commissioners appointed under those laws, though held by persons not residents of the country. That the commissioners might have decided in favour of its validity, and that such decisior would have been conclusive. Henderson v. Poindexter, 12 Wheat. 536 to 543. The claim in that case was for fifteen hundred acres; but the title was not recorded or the claim laid before the commissioners, and it was not of course embraced in the provisions of any act of congress authorizing any court to decide on the title. We conclude this review of the acts of congress and the decisions of this court, with repeating their words in Rutherford v. Green: "Whatever the legislative power may be, its acts ought never to be so construed as to subvert the rights of property, unless its intention to do so shall be expressed in such terms as to admit of no doubt, and to show a clear design to effect the object. No general terms intended for property, to which they may be fairly applicable and not particularly applied by the legislature, no silent implied and constructive repeals ought ever to be understood as to divest a vested right." 2 Wheat. 'J03. The course of the argument, the situation of the country in which the land

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
is situated, and the numerous titles depending on the principles which have been so fully discussed, has induced us to meet them fully and explicitly-they will narrow the scope of argument in future cases.
The claimants in this case did not rest their title merely on the grant. It appeared in evidence, by authentic documents, that, in 1816, a controversy arose between the captain general and the intendant of the Island of Cuba, as to the superintendency of the royal domain of the Floridas, which being referred to the king, he, by a royal order of the 3d September 1817, conferred it on the intendant, Ramirez, "commanding him therein to facilitate the increase of the population of those provinces by all the means which his zeal and prudence could dictate." This is the order recited in the grant, and the authority under which it was made; with the general superintendency of the domain of the provinces, the local authorities acting under his direction and supervision, and acting under the command contained in the order; we can have no hesitatioh
in saying that the grant in question was within the authority thus conferred. This 'order was a supreme law, superseding all others so far as it -extended; its object was to increase the settlement and population of the whole province, which could only be done by corresponding grants of land adequate in extent to their desired effect. The power to do it was ample, and the means confided to the discretion of the officer, which was not limited. We cannot say that in ;xecuting this grant, he hag acted without authority. Our opinion, therefore, is that both on the general principles of law and the acts of congress, the grant is perfect and valid, and even if a special authority was requisite, that tt is conferred by the royal order referred to. The bearing of the law of nations on such a title, and property thus acquired, while the province was in the possession and undisputed dominion of Spain, is manifest according to its principles, recognized and affirmed by this court-12- Wheat. 535, before cited at large-no article of the treaty professes to abrogate these rights, and all -the laws of congress treat them as still subsisting, and they are now referred to our final .decree by a special law. This relieves the court from the difficulty in which they found themselves in giving a construction to the treaty in the case of Foster and

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.)
Elam v. Nelson. A treaty is in its nature a contract between "two nations, not a legislative act. It does not generally effect of itself the object to be accomplished, especially so fir as it, object is infra territorial, but is carried into effect by the sovereign powers of the parties to the inst ument; when either of the parties engages to perform a particular act, the treaty addresses itself to the politicalnot the judicialdepartment, and the legislature must execute the contract before it can become a rule for the court."-2 Peters, 314. But the court are, in this case, authorised to consider and construe the treaty, not as a contract between t6vo nations, the stipulations of which must be executed by an act of congress before it can become a rule for our decision, not as the basis and only foundation of the title of the claimants; but as a rule to which we must bare a due regard, in deciding whether the claimants have made out a title to the lands in controversy, -a rule by which we are neither directed by the law or bound to make our decree upon, any more than on the laws of nations, of congress, or of Spain. The act of 1824 and 1828 authorise and require us to decide on the pending title on all the evidence and laws before us. Congress have disclaimed its decision as a political question for the legislative department to decide, and enjoined it on us one as purely judicial. Taking, then, the treaty as a legislative act, an item of evidence, or a rule of decision, relied on by one or both parties to this suit, we consider the second article as ceding to the UTnited States only what of the territories belonged to Spainthat no lnd which had been severed from the royal domain by antecedent grants, which were valid by the laws of Spain, and created any right of property to the thing granted in the grantees; passed to the United States-such lands were not liable to subsequent appropriation by a subsequent grant. Considering the treaty as a legislative act, and applying to it the same rulcs, ", the proposition is believed to be perfectly correct, that the act of 17S3, of N. C. which opened the land office, must be construed as offering for 'sale those lands only which were then liable to appropriation, not those which had before been individually appropriated,"-2- Wheat. 203. So must the treaty be construed-and if a question arises what lands were ceded, the answer is found in the second article-

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
"vacant lands," not those which, in the language of this court, had been individually appropriated, and were not the subjects of a hostile and adversary grant. The renunciation in the third article, by both parties, was only of their respective rights, claims and pretensions to the territory renounced: neither government had any rights to renounce over the lands to which a title had been conveyed to their citizens or subjects respectively. The United States do not come into court claiming this cession and renunciation as vesting them with the whole territory in full dominion, in their sovereign capacity, with liberty to confirm previous appropriations of parts of it or not, at their pleasure; but require us to finally decide between them and the claimants as grantees from the same grantor; which grant carries the title to the land. Thus deciding between the parties on these articles of the treaty, and in conformity to the laws, rules, and principles before established, we should be of opinion that the land embraced in the grant was no longer a part of the royal domain at the date of the treaty, but private property-land not vacant, but appropriated by a prior valid deed. The eighth article was evidently intended for the benefit of those who held grants and were considered as proprietors of land in Florida-to give it a construction which would narrow and limit rights thus intended to be secured would deprive them of the benefit of the fair construction of the second and third articles of the treaty and leave them in a worse situation than if the eighth had been omitted altogether. To adopt one so severe and unjust would require words and an evident intent clearly expressed-making it imperative on our judgment to divest rights already vested.
The original treaty has been examined in the department of state-it is executed as an original, and headed " original" in both languages-it cannot have escaped our attention that it relates to the territory ceded, the boundaries between those of the two governments, the mutual renunciations, and the rights of the inhabitants of the ceded territories. There is an obvious reason for its being in Spanish as well as in English-the king had a direct interest, so far as affected his own dominions adjoining the United States, and a laudable desire to protect the inhabitants of the ceded provinces in all their rights and property. His honour was concerned most deeply in not do-

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Uited States v. Arredondo and others.]
ing an act which should deprive his subjects of what he had granted to them; by making a cession of the territory to a powerful nation-not content with ceding and renouncing only what belonged to himself, he was desirous of expressing his intention of preserving his faith, by an article which should show it to be not to leave the confirmation of grants by lawful authority at the pleasure of the United States. Before the execution of the treaty, there was inserted a stipulation in Spanish by which the ceded territory should pass into the hands of the United States with the declared intention on the part of the king of Spain, that the grants referred to operated "in presenti" as an exception and reservation of land granted in his name and by his authority, using words which expressed his intention, in his own language, that the grants were ratified and confirmed by both governments in the very act of cession, subject to no future contingency. This furnishes a powerful and obvious reason for inserting this article in Spanish, so that the intention would be clearly understood by words denoting it in a manner not to be mistaken whenever any doubt should arise; and whenever the treaty should be produced as evidence of the cession, or for any other purpose, there sho0ld always appear in the native language of his then or former subjects, full evidence of his declared intention to protect their rights acquired by his gtants, pledging his honour and faith for their security. His minister was not willing to trust so important a matter to a treaty only in the English language. The present situation of the holders of the grants, the state of the country, the opinion of this court in Foster v. Nelson, and the argument in this cause, show the wisdom and justice which prompted him to express the intention of the king in his own language and that of his subjects. Similar or equally good reasons may have induced the ministers of this government to have the treaty drawn in its language, and thus considering the treaty in both languages, and each as is declared at its head, "1original," the one version neither controls nor is to be preferred to the other: each expresses the meaning of the contracting parties, respectiyely, in their own language, as in the opinion of each, expressing and declaring the intention of both. If they are mistaken, and the words used do not and.are not understood after-
VOL. VI.-4 S

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Auredondo and others.]
wards by the parties to convey the same meaning in both languages; then, both being originals and of equal authority, we must resort to some other mode than the inspection of the treaty to give it a proper construction, under the special acts of congress, which require us to decide on the validity of the grants referred to in the eighth article, by the principles and rules of justice and equity, the law of nations: the stipulations of the treaty, the acts of congress, and the laws of Spain, and on such testimony as may be admissible by the rules of evidence and principles of law. Applying, then, these tests to the eighth article, and to ascertain its legal meaning wben the contracting parties understand it differently, we consider it as in its effect and legal operation, an exception and reservation
of the lands so granted, from the territory ceded to the United States. If the title was confirmed presently, the king had within the bounds of the grant no right or title to convey, and the United States could receive none. If no future act of theirs was necessary to their ratification and confirmation, the legal estate, much less the beneficial interest, never passed to them. A treaty of cession is a deed of the ceded territory, the sovereign is the grantor, the act is his, so far as it relates to the cession, the treaty is his act and deed, and all courts must so consider it, and deeds are construed in equity by the rules of law.
Agovernment is never presumed to grant thesame land twice, 7 J.R. 8. Thus a grant, even by act of parliament, which conveys a title good against the king, takes away no right of property from any other; though it contains no saving clause, it passes no other right than that of the public, although the grant is general of the land; 8 Co. 274, b.; I Vent. 176; 2 J. R. 263. If land is granted by a state, its legislative power is incompetent to annul the grant and grant the land to another; such law is void, Fletcher v. Peck, 6 Cr. 87, &e. A state cannot impose a tax on land, granted with an exemption from taxation,- New Jersey v. Wilson, 7 Cr. 164; nor take away a corporate franchise, Dartmouth College v. Woodward, 4 Wheat. 518. Public grants convey nothing by implication; they are construed strictly in favour of the king; Dy. 362, a; Cro. Car. 169. Though such construction must be reasonable, such as will make the true intention of the king as expressed

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Anedondo and others.]
in his charter take effect, is for the king's honour, and stands with the rules of law; 4 Com. Dig. 428, 554; G. 1-; 10 Co. 65. Grants of the strongest kind, "ex speciali gratia, ceria scientia, et 2nero motu," do not extend beyond the meaning and intent expressed in them, nor, by any strained construction, make any thing pass against the apt and proper, the common and usual signification and intendment of the words of the grant, and passes nothing but what the king owned;. 10 Co. 112, b.; 4 Co. 35; Dy. 350, 1, pl. 21. If it grant a thing in the occupation of B. it only passes what B. occupied; this in the case of a common person, a fortiori in the queen's case, 4 Co. 35 b.; Hob. 171; Hard. 2-5. Though the grant and reference is general, yet it ought to be applied to a certain particular, as in that case to the charter to Queen Caroline-id cerium est quod cerium reddipolest, 9 Co. 30, a. 46 a. 47, b. S. P. When the king's grant refers in general terms to a certainty, it contains as express mention of it as if the certainty had been expressed in the same charter; 10 Co. 64 a. A grant by the king does not pass any thing not described or referred to, unless the grant is as fully and entirely as they came to the king, and that ex cerla scientia, &e. Dy. 350, b.; 10 Co. 65, a.; 2 Mod. 2; 4 Com. Dig. 546, 548. Where the thing granted is described, nothing else passes, as "those lands;" Hard. 225. The grantee is restrained to the place, and shall have no lands out of it by the generality of the grant referring to it; as of land in A. in the tenure of B, the grant is void if it he not both in the place and tenure referred to. The pronoun " ila" refers to both necessarily, it is not satisfied till the sentence is ended, and governs it till the full stop. 2 Co. 33; S. P. 7 Mass. 8, 9; 15 J. R. 447; 6 Cr. 237; 7 Cr. 47, 48. The application of this last rule to the words 4'de ilas," in the eighth article, will settle the question whether its legal reference is to lands alone, or to "grants" of land. The general words of a king's grant shall never be so construed as to deprive him of a greater amount of revenue than he intended to grant, or to be deemed to be to his or the prejudice of the commonwealth; I Co. 112, 13 b. "Judges will invent reasons and means to make acts according to the just intent of the parties, and tb avoid wrong and injury which. by rigid rules might be wrought out of the act." Hob. 277.

SUPREME COURT.
[United State. v. Arredondo and others ]
The words of a grant are always construed according to the intention of the parties, as manifested in the grant by its terms
or by the reasonable and necessary implication, to be deduced from the situat;on of the parties and of the thing granted, its nature and use; 6 Mass. 334, 5; S. & R. 110; 1 Taunton, 495, 500, 502; 7 Mass. 6; 1 B. & P. 375; 2 J. R. 321, 2; 6 J. R. 5, 10; i1 J.R. 498,9; 3 E. 15; Cro. Car.17,18, 57, 58, 16S,169; Plo. 170, b. 7; E. 621; Cowper, 360, 363; 4 Yeates, 153. These are the fixed rules governing private grants, which are construed strongly against the grantor and liberally for the grantee. Yet he shall never take by general words or by construction what the grantor had before granted to another. The controlling effect which the situation of the grantor and the property alleged to be conveyed as evidence of the intrention of the grantor, is in law such, that in the case of Moore . Magrath, in 1774, Lord Mansfield declared, "I am very clear it might be plainer with the deed, but without seeing the deed it is plain enough." The words of the deed were sweeping ones: " Together with all his, the said Michael Moore's lands, tenements and hereditamentsin Ireland." Yetit did notpass his paternal estate; the court was unanimous, Cowper, 9, 11; the authority of this case is unquestionable. In Shirras v. Craig, this court decided, that when there was a piece of property answering to the description in the deed, other property included in the deed, but not intended to be conveyed, did not pass, 7 Cr. 47, 48. It is useless to pursue the inquiry, whether by the common law the grant of a king can be adjudged to pass what he had conveyed to another, and whose title he intended to ratify and confirm by the very act of a grant to another, by excepting it from the generality or the thing granted, and reserving it from the operation of the new grant for the use of a prior grantee. But it is not deemed useless to show the doctrine of this court as to exceptions and reservations in public and private grants. " The insertion of this reservation in this act (a law of North Carolina), leads almost necessarily to the opinion that the lands granted to Martin and Wilson, were a part of those to which the act related, and the words of the section show that their title was acquired by this act: "By no course of just reasoning can it be inferred, from these permissions to make appropriations within bounds, not

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United Stes v. Arredondo and others.]
open to entry generally, that a vested right to lands not lying, within the limits to which the act relates is annulled," Rutherford v. Green, 2 Wheat. 205. In order, therefore, to ascertain what is granted, we must first ascertain what is included in the exception; for whatever is included in the exception, is excludedfrom the gran, according to.the maxim laid down in Co. Lit. 47 a. (4 Com. Dig. 289, Fait. E. 6.) Si quis rem dat, et partem retimet, ilia pars quam re/inet semper cum eo est et semperfuit; Greenleaf v. Birth, January 1832, opinion of this court by Story, Justice, the other judges concurring unanimously on this point.
It became, then, all important to ascertain what was granted by what was excepted. The king of Spain was the grantor, the treaty was his deed, the exception was made by him, and its nature and effect depended on his intention, expressed by his words, in reference to the thing granted and the thing reserved and excepted in and by the 'grant. The Spanish version was in his words and expressed his intention, and though the American version showed the intention of this government.to be different, we cannot adopt it as the rule by which to decide what was granted, what excepted, and what reserved; the rules of law are too clear to be mistaken and too imperative to be disregarded by this court. We must be governed by the clearly expressed and manifest intention of the grantor, and not the grantee in private a fortiori in public grants. That' we might not be mistaken in the intention or in the true m eaning of Spanish words, two dictionaries were consulted, one of them printed in Madrid, and two translations were made of the eighth article, each by competent judges of Spanish, and both agreeing with each other, and the translation of each agre-'ing with the definition of the dictionaries. c'Quedan" in Spanish, correctly translated, means "shall remain"-the verb 69quedan '" is in French "reste," Latin, 4manere" "cremanere," and English, "remain," in the present tense. In the English original, the words are "shall be"-words in the future. The difference is all important as to all Spanish grants, if the words of the treaty were that all the grants of land "shall remain confirmed," then the United States by accepting the cession, could assert no claim to these land/ thus expressly excepted. The proprietors could bring suits to recover them without any action of congress, and any question arising would

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
be purely a judicial one. "Shall be ratified," makes it necessary that there should be a law ratifying them or authorizing a suit to be brought, otherwise the question would be a political one, not cognizable by this court, as was decided in Foster and Elam v. Nelson.
But aside from this consideration, we find the words used in the Spanish sense as to the grants made after the 24th of January 1818, which are, by the same article in English, " hereby declaredandagreedto be null andvoid." The ratification is in Spanish and English. The Spanish words in the Spanish version are " quedado" and "quedan" in reference to the annulled grants; the English are "have remained," "do remain." The principles of justice and the rules of both law and equity are too obvious not to require that in deciding on the effect and legal operation of this article of the treaty by the declared and manifested intention of the king, the meaning of Spanish words sh)uld be the same in confirming as in annulling grants.a regard to the honour and justice of a great republic, alike forbid the imputation of a desire that its legislation should be so construed and its law so administered, that the same word should refer to the future as to confirming and to the present in annulling grants in the same article of the same treaty.
For these reasons and in this conviction, we consider that the grants were confirmed and annulled respectively-simultaneously with the ratification and confirmation of the treaty, and that when the territory was ceded, the United States had no right in any of the lands embraced in the confirmed grants.
As this point was urged at length by counsel on both sides, it was due to them that the court should consider it fully and express their opinion upon it clearly; argued as this case has been, upon grounds deemed by both Aides vital to its meritswe could not exclude them upon our consideration. But there are other grounds, which, though not adverted to by counsel, would, in our view, have led to the same result. It is wholly immaterial to the decision of this case, whether the eighth article of the treaty is construed to be an actual present confirmation and ratification of the grants by both governments, or a stipulation of itfor the future; for the laws of 1824 and 18b8, require us to decide on the validity of the title of the

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
claimants under those grants according to the stipulation of any treaty. Our decree is final, and, if in favour of the claimants, is conclusive against the title of the United States. Under these laws the effect of the stipulation to ratify and confirm the grants is a judicial question, referred to us as such by congress; in deciding upon it by the rules prescribed, we assume no authority, we but obey the laws, as in duty bound, by decreeing according to our most deliberate and settled judgment. Should we be called on to decide on the validity of a title acquired by any Spanish grant not embraced by these laws, we should feel bound to follow the course pursued in Foster against Nelson, in relation to the stipulation in the eighth article of the Florida treaty, "that the legislature must execute the contract before it can become a rule for this court,"' 2 Peters, 314. We are thus explicit to avoid possible misapprehension.
We are also of opinion that the legal construction of the eighth article in English, would 4ead to the same conclusion at vhich we have arrived, Lccording to the view heretofore taken of the Spaoish. The law deems every man to be in the legal soisin and possession of land to which he has a perfect and complete title; this seisin and possession is co-extensive with his right and continues till he is ousted thereof by an actual adverse possession. This is a settled principle of the common law, recognized and adopted by this court in Green v. Litter, 8 Cranch, 229, 230; Barr v. Gratz, 4 Wheat. 213,
233; Propagation Society v. Pawlett, 4 Peters, 480, 504, 506; Clarke v. Courtney, 5 Peters, 354, 355. And is not now to be questioned.
This gives to the words "in possession of the lands" their well ,ettled and fixed meaning; possession does not imply occupation or residence; had it been so intended, we must presume they would have been used. By adopting words of a known legal import, the grantors must be presumed to have used them in that sense, and to have so intended them; to depart from this rule would be to overturn established principleq.
To adopt the literal English version and reject its meaning as settled at common law and by this court would make this article confine the confirmation of grants of land to cases of actual occupation and residence. This would be to give to the

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
treaty a construction more limited than the acts of congress have done to place Spanish grants on a worse footing under the Florida, than they were under the Louisiana treaty, or the compact with Georgia, and to exclude from our consideration many of the same classes of cases on which special tribunals in their proceedings under the stipulations of the treaty had decided and confirmed similar grants. We are satisfied that by adopting and acting on this version, so taken literally, we should violate the intention and spirit of the laws which give us jurisdiction, and are the guides to its exercise; we cannot decide according to the principles of justice in any other way than by considering the words according to their legal acceptation too often given by this court not to be respected by it. By grants of land we do not mean the mere grant itself, but the right, title, legal possession and estate, property and own. ership; legally resulting upon a grant of land to the owner. There is one other expression in the second clause of the eighth article which we deem it our duty to notice. In the English version it is "but the owners in possession of such land," &c.; there is no sentence in the Spanish version which can correspond with this, the word "proprietarios" means owners, but not "owners in possession of such land." The intention of the Spanish grantor is too apparent to be mista-
ken by any tribunal authorized to decide judicially on the true construction of a contract according to the meaning and intention of the contracting parties. This furnishes another powerful reason in favour of the constiuction we have given to the English phrase, by which their legal intendment and effect are the same.
This part of the eighth article was for the benefit of those persons who were purchasers under the faith of a public grant, evidently intended to be protected and secured in their rights by the stipulation of a treaty which ought to be construed liberally by a tribunal authorized and required to decide on the validity of these grants by the principles of justice and according to the rules of equity having a due regard to this article of the treaty. We cannot better regard it than by carrying into effect these piinciples and rules, by such an exposition of it as we are convinced meets the intention of the parties and effectuates the
object intended to be accomplished.

JANUARY TERM 18s2.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
We now consider the conditions on which the grants were made. According to the rules and the law by which w, are directed to decide this case, there can be no doubt that they are subsequent, the grant is in full property in fce, an interest vested on its execution which could only be divest.d by the breach or non-performance of the conditions, which were, that the grantees should establish on the lands two hundred Spanish families together with the requisites pointed out, and which shall be pointed out by the superindendency; and begin the establishment within three years from the date of the grant. No time was fixed for the completion of the establishment, and no new requisites or conditions appear to lave heen imposed. From the evidence returned with the reord we are abundantly satisfied that the establishment was commenced within the time required, (which appears to have been extended for one year beyond that limited by the grant),,and in a manner which, considering the situation of that country as appears by the evidence, we must consider as a performance with that part of the condition. Great allowance must be made not ',nly from the distracted state and prevalent confusion in the province at the time of the grant, but until the time of its occupation by the United States. Though a court of law must decide according to the legal construction of the condition and call on the party for a strict performance, yet a court of equity-acting on more liberal principles will soften the rigour of law, and though the party cannot show a hkgal compliance with the condition, if he can do it -y pres they will protect and save him from a forfeiture; 4 DI11. 20 ;. 2 Fonb. 217, 218, 220; 1 Vern. 224, 225; 2 Vern. 267, ard note. The condition of settling two hundred families on the taad has not been complied with in fact; the question is, ha. it been complied with in law, or has such matter been preserAed to the court as dispenses with the performance and divests tie grant of that condition. It is an acknowledged rule of law that if a grart is made on a condition subsequent, and its performance becomes impossible by the act of the grantor, the grant becomes single. We are not prepared to say that the condition of settling two hundred Spanish families in an American territory ha%been, or is
VOL. VI.-4 T

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
possible; the condition was not unreasonable or unjust at the time it was imposed, its performance would probably have been deemed a very fair and adequate consideration for the grant, had Florida remained a Spanish province. But to exact its performance after its cession to the United States would be demanding the "summurn jus" indeed, and enforcing a forfeiture on principles which if not forbidden by the common law, would be utterly inconsistent with its spirit. If the case required it, we might feel ourselves at all events, justified, if not'compelled to declare, that the performance of this condition had become impossible by the act of the grantors; the transfer of the territory, the change of government, manners, habits, customs, laws, religion, and all the social and political relations of society and of life. The United States have not submitted this case to her highest court of equity on such grounds as these, we are not either authorised or required by the law which has devolved upon us the final consideration of this case to be guided by such rules or governed by such principles in deciding on the validity of the claimants' title. Though we should even doubt, if sitting as a eurt of common law and bound to adjudicate this claim. by its rigid rules, the case has not been so submitted. The proceeding is in equit.y according to its established rules our decree must be in conformity with the principles of justice, which would in such a case as this not only forbid a decree of forfeiture but impel us to give a final decree in favour of the title conferred by the grant.
It has bcen objected to the validity of the grant that it exceeds the quantity authorized by the laws of the province. The view we have taken of the royal order dated in September 1817, preceding the grant, and by thes authority of which it purports to have been made, renders it unnecessary to say more in relation to this objection than that, the disposition of the royal domain in Florida was within the jurisdiction of the intendant Ramirez. That he had power to make the grant, the terms and extent of which were within his discretion, of the proper exexcise of which this court has neither the power or right to judge. We will, however, observe that we are well satisfied that the local authority was competent to make grants of lands of a greater quantity than that to which the

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
counsel of the United states have contended that they were limited; the United Status have never insisted on limiting grants to such a pitfance. Their uniform legislation and the proceedings of all the tribunals wiro have acted under their authority during all the time which has elapsed since their acquisition of any territory within which Spanish grants have been issued show that they have never been disposed to confine them so narrowly, but the contrary. This case does not require us to define their extent.
The question of fraud has been pressed in the argument, but we perceive nothing in the evidehee which shows its existence so as to bring it home to the claimants or that it exists at all according to the definition and rules heretofore settled.
It is objected that the lands in question are within the Indian bnundary, and not subject to be granted._ Of the fact of such location there seems to be no doubt, as the centre of the grant is the Indian town of Alachua. The title of the Indians to these lands is not a matter before us; the grant is made subject to their rights if they return to resume tbem, and their abandonment has been ascertained by a proceeding which the intendant in the grant calls a sentence pronounced by him in his official character, on the report of the attorney and surveyor general. This seems to be a mode of proceeding known to the Spanish law in force in the province, in the nature of an inquest of office, as a judicial act, which vitally affecting the royal domain, come within its general superintendency, under the royal order of September. It was conducted, so fur as we can perceive, by the proper officers; the law officer of the crown to report on the laws affecting the subject, and the surveyor general as to the fact; so that on their joint report, the superior officer could decree officially, whether, from the nature of the Indian right of occupancy, it had in law and by the actual condition of the land, in fact, reverted to and become re-annexed to the royal domain by the abandonment of the occupancy. The intendant pronounced his sentence on the report of these officer4 and declared the granted lands to be a part of the royal domain, and open to a grant, reserving the Indian right of occupancy whenever it should be resumed. The fact of abandonment was the important one to be ascertained, if voluntary, the dominion of

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
the crown over it was unimpaired in its plenitude; if by force the Indians had the right whenever they had the power or inclination to return.
This is a matter which we feel bound to consider a judicial one, and that we cannot look behind the final sentence of an authorised tribunal to examine into the evidence on which it was founded; but must take it as a "res adjudicata"by a foreign tribunal, judicially known and td be respected as such. Similar proceedings are directed by the various acts of congress; the land commissioners, or officers of the land offices, as the case may be, confirm or reject claims, and the land embraced in the rejected claims, reverts to the public fund. So it is provided by the seventh section of the act of 1824, as to claims barred by not being duly presented or pr,,ecuted, or which shall be decreed against finally by thib court. There is another answer to this objection, which deserves notice: grants of land within the Indian boundary, are not excepted in the laws referring them to judidial decision; conp e s made what exceptions they thought proper; as the law has j),it done it, we do not feel authorised to make an exception of this.
It is lastly objected, that the extension of time by the intendant in December 1820, was without authority, being subsequent to the ratification of the treaty by the king of Spain. But the ratification by the United States was in February following, and the treaty did not take effect till its ratification by both parties operated like the delivery of a deed to make it the binding act of both. That it may and does relate to its date as between the two governments, so far as respects the rights of either under it, may be undoubted; but as respects individual rights, in any way affected by it, a very different rule ought to prevail. To exact the performance of the condition of settlement of two hundred Spanish families, or any great progress in its commencement, after the date of the treaty and during the confused and uncertain state of things preceding its ratification; would be both unreasonable and unjust; and if the question was new in this court, we should have no hesitatioa in saying, that as to the grants of land subject to the condition of settlements, the ratification of the treaty must be taken at its date. But the question is not a new one. In.1702 the.state of Pennsylvania passed a law for the sale of her va-

JANUARY TERM 1832.
TUnited States v. Arredondo and others.)
cant lands; the warrants issued under it contained a condition of improvement and settlement, within two years from their date, unless prevented by force of arms of the enemies of the United States, from making and continuing such settlement. The treaty of Greenville was made in August 1794, but not ratified till December 1795. The uniform decisions of the supreme court of Pennsylvania, and the solemn decision of this court in Huidekoper's Lessee against Douglass, have settied the date of the treaty to be its ratification, so far as it bears on or in any way affects the rights of parties under the land laws of Pennsylvania. The obligation to aettle did not begin till the expiration of two years thereafter, and if commenced in the course of the following spring, the condition has been considered as complied with. 3 Cranch, 1, 65; 4.Dall. 199.
Being therefore of opinion that the title of the claimant is valid, according to the stipulations of the treaty of 1819, the laws of nations, of the United States, and of Spain, the judgment of the court below is affirmed. (a)
M r Justice THoMrpsoN, dissenting. Not concurring in the conclusion to which the court has come in this case, and considering the magnitude of the property involved, not only in this case but in the application of the principles which govern the decision, to other cases, and that the construction now given to the treaty is confessedly at variance with that which has been heretofore adopted, I shall briefly assign my reasons for dissenting from the opinion of the court. It is not my purpose to enter into an examination of all the questions which have been discussed at the bar. The view which I have taken of the case, does not make it necessary for me to do so. The grant under which the petitioners in the court below set up their claim, bears date on the 22d of December 1817, and is for a tract of land in East Florida, a little short, of three hundred thousand acres. It was made by Don Alexander Ramirez, intendant of- the island of Cuba, and superintendent of -the two Floridas. It recites that the memorial for the same was presented to the intendancy on the 15th of November., then last past, praying a gratuitous concess-
(a) An impression of this opinion was subwIttea to, and corrected by, Mr Justice Baldwin by the printer, before it was put to press.

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
ion Of the land, and offering to make an establishment in
the territory, known by the name of Alachua, composed of two hundred families. The grant is thereupon gratuitously made, as therein expressed, in full property; and with the precise obligation, to establish there two hundred families, which must be Spanish, the establishment beginning within the term of three years, at most; without which the grant shall be considered null and void.
The validity of this claim, depends on the construction of the eighth article of the treaty between the United States and the king of Spain, bearing date the 22d of February 1819. It is contended on the part of the appellees, that under the true construction of this treaty the only questions open for inquiry are, 1st, whether the grant is genuine, and, 2dly, whether made by lawful authority. That upon the' establishment of these points, the treaty, ipso facto, confirms the grant, and closes the door to all- further inquiry-the date of the grant being antecedent to that of the treaty. It is admitted that this is a different interpretation of the treaty, from that which has heretofore prevailed in our own government; and the change of construction ig rested upon an interpretation of the Spanish language, as used in the treaty, rejecting the English side of that instrument. The treaty when signed was in both languages; and each must be considered as theoriginal language,and neither as a translation. It cannot be said that the English is an erroneous translation of the Spanish, any more than that the Spnish is an erroneous translation.of the English. The English siddtf the eighth article of the treaty reads thus: "all the grants of land made before the 24th of January 1818, by his catholic majesty; or by his lawful authorities, in the said territories ceded by his majesty to the United States, shall be ratified and confirmed to the persons in possession of the lands, to the same extent, that the same grants would be valid if the territories had remained under the dominion of his catholic majesty. But the owners in ppssession of such lands, who by reason or' the ieent circumstances of the Spanish nation, and the revolutions in Europe, have been prevented from fulfilling all the conditions of their grants, shall complete them within the terms limited in the same, respectively, from the date of the treaty; in default of ivhich the said grants shall be null and void. All grants made since the 24th of January 1818, when

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United Sftes v. Arredondo and others.]
the first proposal on the part of his catholi6 majesty for th cession of the Floridas was made, are hereby declared to be null and void."
The material parts in which the English and Spanish are said not to agree are, 1st, where the English declares that the grants "shall be ratified and confirmed," the Spanish is "shall remainratified and confirmed;" and, 2dly, where the English is, "shall be ratified and confirmed to the persons in possess on of the land," the Spanish construction is, "to the persons in possession of the grants;" and, 3dly in that part of the article which extends the time for fulfilling thp conditions, which according to the English, is, to the owners in possession of the "land," the Spanish construction is, "the owners in possession of the grants." It will readily be perceived that the different readings lead to very different results, and which materially affect the grant in question. If titles are confirmed only to persons in possessionof the land at the date of the treaty, the grant in question does not come within the saving; for Lt re is no pretence that Arredondo, or any person claiming under him, was at the date of the treaty in possession of the land, or had done any thing towards fulfilling the conditions upon which the grant was made to depend, and without which it is declared to be null and void. If the construction of the Spanish side of the treaty, as now contended, is to be adopted, and all grants before the 24th of January 1818, are confirmed by the treaty, propriovigore,-the declaration that they shall be confirmed to the same extent that the same grants would be valid, if the territories had remained under the dominion of his catholic majesty, are entirely nugatory, and must be reJected. for we have no right to enter into the inquiry how far they would be valid under the Spanish government. Such was most manifestly not the intention of the contracting parties; but that the United States should be substituted in the place of Spain, and should carry into execution in good faith the contracts made under the Spanish government for the disposition of the lands, and which the Spanish government was bound ex debitojstilix to carry into execution. The treaty must be considered as made in reference to an established system relative to the disposition of the land in the territories ceded-and that all grants would be open to examination,

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
whether valid or not, according to the rules and regulations established by such system. It seems to be admitted, that if the English side of the treaty is to govern, the grant in question would not come within the saving of 'the eighth article, unless the date of the treaty is to be considered as of the time it was finally ratified on the 19th of February 1S21. Before which time it is contended, the establishment was commenced according to the conditions of the grant. This question will be noticed hereafter.
I do not profess to understand the Spanish language, and shall therefore not underfake to say whether the criticisms are well founded or not. But it must strike any one as a little extraordinary, not only that the negotiators of the treaty should have sanctioned such a material discrepancy; but that congress should have been legislatihg for ten years past upon the English side of the treaty, different boards of commissioners sitting and trying the titles under such constructions, and that this court should have fallen into the same error, and the mistake not discovered till now.
But admitting this discrepancy, as now contended for, exists between the English and Spanish side of the treaty, the quezstion arises, which must we adopt? I know of no rule that requires a court of justice to rejectthe English, and adopt the Spanish. If congress in their liberality should think proper to do this, the power could not be disputed, and so far as it extended to the protection of actual bona fide settlers upon the land,the power, in my judgment, would be wisely and discreetly exercised. But it does not seem to me that a court of justice can be called upon, as a matter of courtesy, to yield this to a foreign power, in the construction of a treaty; and no rules of law applicable to the construction of contracts, will, in my judgment, justify it. It certainly will not be pretended that the royal rule of construction applies to this case. That where a grant is made by the king, it is to be taken most beneficially for the king and against the grantee. It is, I think, not claiming too much to consider it a contract between equals, and the rule would be more applicable which requires in such case, that the grant should be construed most strongly against the grantor.
It is certainly true, as a general rule, that all written instruments are to be construed by themselves, without resorting

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
to evidence dehorsthe instrument, to ascertain the intention of the parties, except whaere there is a latent ambiguity, which is not the case here. But that principle cannot 'with propriety be applied to the present case; the difficulty does not arise from any obscurity either in the English or in the Spanish side of the treaty, if considered separately; but from a discrepancy, when .compared together; and, in my judgment, presents a proper case for an inquiry into the intention and.u'nderstanding of the parties who negotiated the treaties.
"Every treaty," says Vattel, "must be interpreted as the parties understood it when the act was proposed and accepted." The lawful interpretation of the contract ought to tend only to the discovery of the thoughts of the author or authors of the contract; as soon as we meet with any obscurity, we should seek for what was probably in the thoughts of those who drew it up, and interpret it accordingly. This is the general rule of all interpretation. That'all miserable subtleties and quibbles about words are overthrown by this unerring rule. (Vattel, see 262, p. 22S, 930.)
Such understanding, in the present case, is to be collected from written evidence which will speak for itself, and not from parole declarations, which might be misunderstood or misrecollected; and if we resort to such written evidence, no doubt, it appears to me, can remain on the construction of the treaty, that it was not the understanding, either of Ir Adams or Don Onis, that all grants of land made before the 24th of January 1818, by his catholic majesty or his lawful authorities, should be confirmed by the mere force and operation of the treaty.
It is said the treaty does not purport to transfer private property; that all such property is excepted under the second article. This proposition cannot be true in the broad extent to which ;t has been laid down. It may not transfer private property, but it annuls private property, if every grant, of whatever description, is to be considered private property.
For upon this construction, there would be a direct repugnancy between the second and the eighth articles; the latter declares that all grants made since the 24th of January 181IS, shall be null and void. But the king of Spain did not consider a mere gratuitous grint, upon conditions which had in no manner whatever been fulfilled, as private property. This Witist have
VOL. VI.-4 U

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Arredondo and othem,]
been the, ground upon which he annulled the grants to Alagon, Punon Rostro, and Vargas. So it was understood by Don Onis, as will be shown hereafter by his correspondence. And
the same.power was assumed over like grants in other cases, where no private right became vested by taking possession, or doing some act towards fulfilling the condition of the grants; and where that has been done, the right is secured to the person in possession, according to the provisions of the eighth article. But let us look at the correspondence between Mr Adams and Don Onis which lead to this eighth article.
The material point of difference between the negotiators in framing this article wis, whether it should absolutely confirm all grants made prior to the 24th of January 1818, or only sub modo, so as to enure to the benefit of actual bona fide settlers on the land at the time the treaty wa made; and the article resulted in the form in which it now stands.
The article states that the proposition to cede the territory originated on the part of Spain on the 24th of January 1818; or that is assumed as the date, though doubtless there must have been some previous communications on the subject, either here or by our minister in Spain; for Mr Erving, by his letter of the 10th of February 1818, wrote to MIr Adams, that the king of Spain had lately made large grants of land in East Florida to several of his favourites; and that he had been credibly informed, that by a sweeping grant to the duke of Alagon, he had within a few days past given away the remainder. 1st vol. State Papers, 13.
Our government was therefore apprised of what was probably going on with respect to grants in Florida, and must be presumed to have intended to guard against them. On the 24th of October 1818, Don Onis sent to Mr Adarfps a proposition to cede the Floridas, with the following clause: "The donatipns or sales of lands made by the government of his majesty, or by legal authorities, until this time, are nevertheless to be recognized as valid." On the 31st of October Mr Adams answered, declining his proposal, and requiring all the grants lately alleged to have been made by Spain should be cancelled, a'ld proposed to carry back the time to all grants made after the year 1302. This Don Onis declined, but offered to annul all grants made after the 24th January 1818; saying, that the

JANUAIY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
grants had been made with a view to promote population, cul-
tivation and industry, and not with that of alienating them; and that they should be declared null and void in consideration of the grantees not having complied with the essential conditions of the cession. 1st vol. State Papers, 25, 26.
Again, on the 9th February 1819, Don Onis, in hi project of a treaty sent to Mr Adams, reiterates the same provision, that all grants shall he confirmed and acknowledged as valid except those which had been issued after the 24th of January 1818,.which should be null in consideration that the grantees had not complied with the conditions of the cessions. 1 S. P. 87.
In all this correspondence we find Don Onis persisting in his claim, that all grants prior to the 24th of January 1818, should be absolutely confirmed; and assigning as the reason why those issued subsequent to that date should be annulled, because the grantees had not complied with the conditions; and we find Mr Adams continually rejecting the proposition to consider the grants before that period absolutely confirmed: and yet it is now insisted that all such are confirmed by the treaty. The subsequent negotiation shows that the article, as it now stands, was put into that shape expressly for the purpose of guarding against such construction, and with the understanding, both of Don Onis and Mr Neuville, who acted in his behalf during a part of the negotiation, that the grants'of lanud dated before as well as after the 24th of January 1818, were annulled, except those upon which settlements had been commenced, the completion of which had been prevented by the circumstances 9f Spain and the recent revolutions in Europe. It is unnecessary for me to state more particularly this correspondence; the result, as above stated, will be found fully supported by a reference to the correspondence in the first volume of State Papers, pp. 13, 25, 26, 34, 46, 68, 74, 75. There can be no doubt that such was the understanding of Don 0 is and Mr De Neuville; and Mr Adams, in a letter to our minister in Spain, whilst the treaty was pending before the king for ratification, states that the reasons why the grants to the duke of Alagon and others were not excluded by name, were. 1, conformably to the desire of Mr Onis to save the honour of the king; and, 2, because from the despatches of Mr Erving it was supposed there were other grants of the same kind, and

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
made urfder similar circumstances. To have named them might have left room for a presumptive inference in favour of others: the determination was to exclude them all.
That the grant to Arredondo was made under similar circumstances, and liable to the Same objections with those to Alagon, Punon Rostra and Vargas, is most manifest. Applications for them all were made within a few months of each other, in the latter part of the year 1817 and beginning of 1818, and no settlements made on either at the date of the treaty: and to consider the treaty as piiecluding all inquiry into the validity of this grant, appears to me directly in the face of the very words of the treaty, and most manifestly against the clear understanding of those by whom it was made: and such is the construction given to this article by this court in the case of Foster and Elam v. Neilson, 2 Peters, 314.
The court say the words of the 'article are, "that all the grants of land made before the 24th of January 1818, by his catholic majesty, &c. shall be ratified and confirmed to the persons in possession of the lands, to the same extent that the same grants would be valid if the territories had remained under the dominion of his catholic majesty." Do these words act directly on the grants so as to give validity to those not otherwise valid, or do they pledge the faith of the United States to pass acts which shall ratify and confirm them? That article does not declare that all the grants made by his catholic majesty before the 24th of January 1818, shall be valid to the same extent as if the ceded territories had remained under his dominion; and yet this is the very construction sought to be given to it in the present case. It does not say that those grants are hereby confirmed. Had such oeen its language, it would have acted directly on the subject, and would have repealed those acts of congress which were repugnan to it. But its language is, that those grants shall be ratified and confirmed to" the persons in possession, &c. By whom shall they be ratified and confirmed? This seems to be the language of contract; and if it is, the ratification and confirmation which are promised, must be the att of the legislature.
Until suce act shall ne passed, the court is not at liberty to disregard the existing laws on the subject. Congress appears to have understood this article as it is understood by the court.

JANUARY TERM 1892.

[United Stales v. Arredondo and others.]

Boards of commissionera have been appointed for East and

West Fiorda, to receive claims for lands, and on their reports

titles to lands, not exceeding

acres, have been confirmed

to a veiy Iirge amount.

By the act of the 8th of May 1822, 7th vol. Laws U. S.

104, sec. 4 and 5, concerning claims and titles to land within

the territory of Florida, persons claiming title under any

patent, grant. concession, or order of survey, dated previous

to the 24th day of January 1818, which were valid under the

Spanish government, or by the law of nations, and which are

not. rejected by the tieaty ceding the territory, are required to

file such claim "with the commissioners; and power is given to

the commissioners to inquire into the justice and validity of

such claims No patent or grant is exempt from such inquiry:

and if they are absolutely confirmed by the treaty, how could

the justice and validity of them be subject to the examination

of the commissioners?' And the same principle runs through all

the laws in relation to these claims. See acts of 1828, p. 60.

7th vol. Laws U. S. 300.

It appears to me,,therefore, that the plain letter of the.eighth

article of the treaty, the clear and manifest intention of the

negotiation, the uniform understanding of congress, and the

opinion f this court, all concur in the construction, that grants

made prior to the 24th of January 1818 are required to be

ratified and confirmed to persons in the actual possession of

the lands at the date of the treaty, and to be held valid to the

ame extent only that they would have been binding on the

king of Spain; giving to bona fide grantees in such actual pos-

session, and having commenced settlements, but who had been

prevented by the late circumstances of the Spanish nation and

the revolutions in Eufope from fulfilling all the conditions of

their grants, time to complete them.

If, by the true construction of the treaty, the party claiming

the benefit of this article must show an actual possession of the

land at the date of the treaty, it becomes necessary to inquire

what that date is. It was co icluded and signed on the 22d

of February 1819, ratified by the king of Spain on the 24th of

October 1820, and by the United States on the 19th of Feb-

ruary 1821; and the question is, which of these periods is to

be taken as the date of the treaty? I think the time the treaty

SUPREME COURT.
[United-States v. Arredondo and others.]
was concluded -nd signed, must be taken as the date. The contracting parties had in view the state and condition of things at that time, and neither could in good faith change such condition so as to affect any stipulations in the treaty. Any other construction would open the door to fraud and imposition. Suppose the eighth article, instead of the 24th of January 1818, had said, all grants of land made before the date of the treaty shall be valid; would that have made valid grants issued after the treaty was signed, and before ratified by the United States? No one, it is believed, would contend for this; and if for any purpose the date as fixed by the instrument would govern, it ought in all cases. The rule should be uniform, and not open to be changed for the purpose of meeting particular cases. The date as fixed in the instrument is the only certain period: the time of ratification is altogether uncertain. Changes may take place between the two periods, materially affecting the negotiation, and the ratification may be delayed for the express purpose of acco aplishing some such object.
The true rule on this subject is laid down by Mr Justice Washington, in the case of Hylton v. Brown, I Wash. C. C. R. 312; that the treaty, when ratified, relates back to the time of signing. The ratification is nothing more than evidence of the authority under which the minister acted. A government is bound to perform and observe a treaty made by its minister, unless it can be made to appear that he has exceeded his authority. But a ratification is an acknowledgemcnt that he was authorised to make the treaty; and if so, the nation is bound from the time the treaty is made and signed: and it is worthy of notice, that in all the acts of congress in relation to this treaty it is referred to as of the date of 22d February 1819, the time it was signed; thereby showing the understanding of our own government on the subject. If this then is to be taken as the date of the treaty, there is no pretence that at tfiat time, or even when ratified by the king of Spain, any settlement had been made or possession taken of any part of this tract. It is, therefore, in my opinion, a case not coming within the saving provision in the eighth article of the treaty.
But if the time of ratification is assumed as the date of the treaty, no possession of the land had then been taken, within any reasonable construction of the treaty. William H. Hall

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[United States v. Arredondo and others.]
testifies that he, with two men, by the name of Smith and Lan man, went to Alachua, on the 7th of November 1820, and began to clear some land and erect some buildings. That hd soon after went to St Augustine, where he was taken sick and remained some time. That on returning to Alachua, he found some persons there, employed by Mitchell and Arredondo, who were personally disagreable to him, and he abandoned the project and settlement (record 189); and what became of thtu others does not appear-they must have abandoned also: for, William H. Simmons testifies (record 174, 176), that he was at Alachua in February 1822; saw five or six houses; Wanton was there, and he understood had been upwards of a year. That on his first visit, there was no other person established there but Ir Wanton, and some negroes. So that in February 1822, one year after the ratification of the treaty by the United States, one white man and a few negroes, who, the witness understood, had been there upwards of a year, were the only persons on the land: and this is claimed to be a possession of nearly three hundred thousand acres of land, within the meaning of a solemn treaty. This view of the case renders it unnecessary for me to enter upon the inquiry respecting the authority of the intendant Ramirez to make the grant in question, or whether the conditions contained in it have been performed, or in any way dispensed with or discharged.
Upon the whole, I am of opinion that the judgment of the court ought to be reversed.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the superior court for the eastern district of Florida, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, this Court is of opinion that there is no error in so much of the said decree as determines that the claim is -'alid and ought to be confirmed; and this Court doth affirm so much thereof, and doth decree that the title of the claimants is valid according to the stipulations of the treaty between the United States and Spain, dated the 22d day of February, Anno Dominj 1819, the laws of the United States in relation there. to, the laws of nations, and of Spain. Ahd this Court pro-

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Arredondo and othera.] ceeding to render such decree as the said superior court ought to have done, doth finally order, determine and decree, that so mbeh of said decree as directs-the land embraced in the grant of Don Alexandro Ramirez, the intendant of Cuba, to Don Fernando de la Maza Arredondo y Hijo, dated the 22d day of December, Anno Domini 1817, to be laid off "in a square tract, containing two hundred and eighty-nine thousand six hundred and forty-five and five-sevenths acres of English measurement, the centre thereof being the known spot, monument or marked tree, at or near the house at present the dwelling of Edward M Wanton; said spot, monum, nt or marked tree, to be a~certained by the surveyor, who undcr the law shall survey the said tract," be and the same is hereby reversed and annulled. And this Court doth f'!,iher and finally order, adjudge and decree, that the said land be laid off in a square form, containing two hundred and eighty-nine thousand six hundred and forty-five and five-sevenths acres, English measure, the centre whereof to be a place known as Alachua, inhabited in other ,times by a tribe of Seminole Indians. And the centre of said place, known asAlachua, to be considered as the centre of the grant.

SUPREME COURT.
JosEPH BARCLAY, FLORENCE COLTER AND JOHN M. SNOWDEN,
PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR V. RICHARD W. HOWELL'S LESSEE.
Ejectment. 'i ne declaration described the property for which the suit was instituted as" lying bet*een Water street and the river Monongahela, with the appiurtenancessituate and being in the city of Pittsburgh," The jury found a general verdict for the plaintiff; and the defendants assigned for error, that the verdict, being general, is void for the want of certainty. By the court: This must be considered as an exception to the sufficiency of the declaration; as any other matter embraced in it might have been considered on a motion for a new trial, but cannot now be noticed.
Formerly it was necessary to describe the premises for which an action of ejectment was brought with great accuracy; but far less certainty is required in modern practice. All the authorities say that the general description is good. The lessor of the plaintiff, on a lease for a specific number of acres, may recover any quantity of less amount.
The plaintiffs in error, defendants in ejcetment in the circuit court, claimed for the city ofPittsburgh, a slip ofland lying on the bank ofthe river Monongahela near the junction of that river with the river A41eghany, being a space between thesouthern line ofthe lots ofthe city, and the Monongahela river. It was contended by them, that this slip of land was dedicated by the surveyor, when he laid out the town, to the public, as a street, or for other public uses. The depositions of witnesses who were present when the ground on which the city stands, was laid out in lots by the surveyor, authorised so to do by the proprietors of the land, were offered to prove declAations of the surveyor, made to personsassembled at the survey, and who occupied part of the ground so laid out; by which declarations, and other acts of the surveyor, also proposed to be proved, it was contended the said dedication was made; i. e. that he had observed that "the street," the slip Qfland," to low water mark, should be for the use of the citizens, and the public, for ever." By the court: The surveyor had authority to fix upon the plan of the town and survey it. He bad the power to determine the width of the respective streets and alleys, the size and form of the lots, to mark out the public grounds, and to determine on every thing so far as related to the town, and its beauty, convenience and value. These were clearly within the scope of his powers, as they were essentially connected with the plan of the town, on which he was authorized to determine at his discretion. The proof of such declarations should have been admitted by the circuit court; because, under the circumstances, they formed a part of the transaction.
The declarations of a surveyor which contradict his official return, are clearly not evidence: nor ought they to be received, where he has no power to exercise discretion, as explanatory of his return, while he is still living, and may be examined as a witness.
If the ground in controversy in the ejeetment had been dedicated for a particu. lar purpose, and the city authorities had appropriated it to an entirely different purpose, it might afford ground for the interferenceof a court of chancerjto compel a specific execution of the trust, by restraining the corporation, or by

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Barclay and others v. Howell's Lessee.3
causing the removal of obstructions. But even in such a case, the property dedicated would not revert to the original owner. The use would still remain in the public, limited only by the conditions imposed in the grant. The right of the court to decide on the legal effect of awritten instrument, cannot be controverted; but the question of boundary Is always a matter of fct for the determination of the jury. It Is the province of the court, in an action of ejectment, that they should fix the boundaries of the tract in controversy by an examination of the whole evidence. Artificial or natural boundaries called for, control a call for course and distance. An unmolested possession for thirty years would authorise the presumption of a grant. Under peculiar circumstances, a grant has been presumed from a possession less than the number of years required to bar the action of ejectment by the statute of limitations. By the common law, the fee in the soil remains in the original owner, where a public road is made upon it, but the use of the road is in the public. The owner parts with this use only; for if the road should be vacated by the public, he resumes the exclusive possession of the ground; and while it is used as ahigh-way, he is entitled to the timber and grass wfh'ich may grow upon the surface, and to all minerals which may be found below it. He may bring an action of trespass against any one who obstructs the road. Where the propfietor of a towh disposes of all his interest in it, he would seem to stand in a different relation to the right of soil, in regard to the streets and alleys of the town, from the Individual owner over whose soil a public road is established, and who continues to hold the land on both sides of it. Whether the purchasers of town lots are in this respect the owners of the soil over which the streets and alleys are laid as appurtenant to adjoining lots, Quwre. In some cases a dedication of property to public use; as for instance a street or public road, where the public has enjoyed the unmolested use of it for six or seven years; has been deemed sufficieni for dedication.
ERROR to the circuit court of the United States, for the eastern district of Pennsylvania.
This was an ejectment originally instituted in the district court for the western district of Pennsylvania, and removed to the circuit court for the eastern district, under the act of congress of March 3, 1821; the judge of the western district having been counsel in a former ejectment, involving the same matter in controversy.
The defendant in error, the plaintiff below, claimed in the declaration, "one messuage, a lot, or piece or parcel of land, lying between Water street and the river Monongahela, with the appurtenances situate and being in the city of Pittsburgh."
The cause came on for trial at the circuit court for the cast-
Mr Justice Baldwin did not sit in this case, he having been of counsel for the defendant in error, in the circuit court.

SUPREME COURT.
[Barclay and others v. Howell's Lessee.]
ern district of Pennsylvania at the April term 1829, and the jury found a general verdict for the plaintiff in the ejectment. The defendants prosecuted this writ of error.
On the trial, a bill of exceptions was tendered by the defendants to the ruling of the circuit court, as to the introduction of certain evidence, and also to several of the matters contained in the charge of the court; all which are particularly stated in the opinion of this court.
The case was argued by Mr Wilkins, for the plaintiffs in error; and by Mr Sergeant for the defendant.
Mr Justice M'LEAi delivered the opinion of the Court. This suit was brought in the western district of Pennsylvania, to recover a lot of ground in the city of Pittsburgh, described in the .declaration as lying between Water street and the river Monongahela. As the district judge could not sit in the cause, it was certified to the eastern district, under the act of congress. The defendants in the court below appeared in behalf of the city and defended the action, on the ground that the entire slip of land between the north line of Water street and the river, was dedicated, at the time the town was laid out, as a street or right of way to the public. The lessor of the plaintiff exhibited legal conveyances for the lot in controversy. At the trial, various exceptions were taken to the ruling of the court, in the rejection of evidence offered by the defendants, and also to the charge of the court to the jury. These exceptions are brought before this court for consideration, by a writ of error. The first assignment of error is, in substance, that the verdict being general, is void for want of certainty. That the finding of the jury did not settle the- matter in controversy; aLid by consequence, did not authorise the judgment. This must be considered as an exception to the sufficiency of the declaration; as any other matter embraced by it might have been considered on a motion for a neN .rial, but cannot now be noticed. The description of the lot in the declaration is general, as lying between Water street and the river; but no doubt is

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Barclay and others v. Howell's Lessee.)
entertained that this is a sufficient description. Formerly, it was necessary to d~scribe the premises for which an action of ejectiait was brought with great accuracy; but far less certainty is requisite in modern practice. All the authorities say that a general description is good. The lessor of the plaintiff, on a lease foi a specific number of acres, may recover any quantity of less amount.
The rejection of the evidence contained in the depositions of Samuel Ewalt and John Finley, is the second error assigned.
To understand the force of this exception, it will be necessary to advert to a succinct history of the case.
There was vested in the Penn family a tract of land consisting of between five and six thousand acres that included the village of Pittsburgh, which at that time consisted of a small number of settlers, very few, if any of whom, had a title to the lots they occupied. This tract was denominated a manor, as was the practice at that time to call large tracts of land, which had been surveyed within the charter of the original proprietor of Pennsylvania. Being desirous of laying out a town at Pittsburgh, Tench Francis, who acted as the attorney of John Penn, Jun. and John Penn, addressed the following letter to George Woods, Esquire.
Philadelphia, 22d April 1784. Sir-By directions of Messrs Penns, I take the liberty to request you to undertake the laying out of the town of Pittsburgh, and dividing all the other parts of the manor into proper lots and farms, and to set a value on each, supposing them clear of any kind of incumbrances, in doing of which, be pleased to make the proper inquiries, and ascertain the previous claims, pretended or not, of the present settlers, and all others set up. The whole of the manor being intended for immediate sale, I wish you would point out the best method to effect it; and if agreeable to you to transact this business, inform me on what terms you will do it. All expenses, and your charges for making the above survey, I will pay, &c. In the month of May or June of the same year, Woods laid out the town of Pittsburgh, and also surveyed into out lots and small plantations, the residue of the manor; and made return to his principal of a copy of the town plat and the other sur-

SUPREME COURT.
[Barclay and others v. Howell's Lessee.]
veys. This return, and the whole proceedings of Woods, were sanctioned by the following letter.
Philadelphia, 30th September 1784. Dear Sir-As attorney to John Penn, Junior, and John Penn, Esquires, late proprietors of Pennsylvania, I hereby approve of the plan you have made of the town of Pittsburgh, and now confirm the same, together with the division of the out lots and the other part of the manor of Pittsburgh. The several appliers, agreeable to your list furnished me, may depend on having deeds for their lots and plantations, whenever they pay the whole of the purchase money, &e. TENCH FRANCIS. GEORGE WooDs, Esquire. The original plat of the town of Pittsburgh, which was made by Woods, was givei in evidence to the jury; from which it appears that the town was laid out into lots, streets and alleys, from the junction of the Alleghany and Monongahela rivers, extending up the latter to Grant street. With the exception of Water street, which lies along the bank of the Monongahela, all the str, ets and alleys of the town were distinctly marked by the surveyor, and their width laid down. Near fhe junction of the rivers, the space between the southern line of the lots and the Monongahela river is narrow, but it widens as the lots extend up the river. It was contended by the defendants in the ejectment, that the before described slip of land Was dedicated by the surveyorwhen he laid out the town, to the public as a street, or for other public uses. As the lot for which the ejectmeht was brought is situated in this narrow strip of land, the fact of dedication becomes material. From the plan of the town, it does pot appear that any artificial boundary, as the southern limit of Water street, was laid down. The name of the street is given, and its northern boundary; but the space to the south is left open to the river. A:ll the streets leading south, terminate at Water street; and no indication is given in the plat, or in any part of the return of the surveyor, that Water street did not extend to the river, as it appears to do by the face of the plat. The depositions of Ewalt and Finley were offered by the defendants, to prove the declarations of Woods at the time

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Barclay and otbers v. Howell's Lessee.]
the survey of the town was made. Ewalt stated, that the survey was about to be commenced at a point which would have required him to remove his house, and that at his instance the place of beginning was changed. On a remonstrance being made by several persons who had assembled, that Water street would be too narrow, Mr Woods observed to the party, "these houses will not remain or stand very long; you will, build new houses and dig cellars, and bank out Water street as wide, till it comes to low watei mark, if you please." He observed, "that this street, to low water mark, should be for the use of the citizens and the public forever."
Finley states that Woods declared to the people of the town, that he would not change the old military plan; but that "Water street should be left open to the river's edge, at low water mark, for the use of said town; that they, the citizens, might use the same as landings, build walls, make wharves, or plant trees at their pleasure."
Several objections are male to the competency of this testi-
mony. It is insisted, that the declarations of Woods respecting the
ground in controversy, did not come within the scope of his authority; and if they did, still, that they ought. not to be received in evidence.
Woods had authority to fix upon the plan of the town, and survey it. Ile had the power to determine the width of the respective streets and alleys, the size and form of the lots, to mark out the public grounds, and to determine on every thing so far as related to the town, which would add to its beauty, convenience, and value. These were clearly within the scope of his powers, as they were essentially connected with the plan of the town, on which he was authorised to determine at his discretion.
But it is said that his acts, until sanctioned, were not binding upon his principal; and that as his principal was not present, his sanction, which was subsequently given, cannot be extended beyond what appears upon the town plat, which was returned by the agent.
The sanction, when given, related back to the original transaction; and gave equal effect to it, as if the principal had been present. So far as valuations had been made of the lots occu-

SUPREME COURT.
[Barclayand others v. Howell's Lessee.]
pied by persons who had no titles, and who were to obtain titles on paying the prices fixed by Woods, it is very clear, that the principal could not be bound, by the act of confirmation, beyond what appeared upon the face of the return ; nor, if the agent had attempted, by any covert means, to give to the citizens of the town ground which he did not designate on his return, and which did not tend, directly, to increase the value of the town lots. But if the ground dedicated for a street or any other public use, was essentially connected with the town lots, and must have enhanced their value at the sale, the increased value thus realized, and a long acquiescence, would-estop the original owner of the fee from asserting his claim, though the ground dedicated had not been so designated on the map.
There is nothing, however, on the plat which shows any limits to the width of Water street, short of the river on the south. If a line had been drawn along its southern limit, there would have been great force in the argument that the ground between such limit and the water was reserved by the proprietors. This would have been the legal consequence from such a survey, unless the contrary had been shown.
It must be admitted that the declarations of an agent, respecting things done within the scope of his authority, are not evidence to charge his principal, unless they were made at the time the act was done, and formed a part of the transaction. The declarations referred to were a part of the res gesta; they were explanatory of the act then being done; and they do not, as was contended, contradict the return, but tend to explain and confirm it.
The souihern limit of Water street was the point of inquiry before the jury. It was a question of boundary, and governed by the same rules of evidence which are of daily application in such a case. In this view, were not the declarations of the person who fixed the boundary legal evidence? Not declarations casually made at a different time from that at which the survey was executed, but at the very time the act was done. The'proof of such declarations should have been admitted by the circuit court; because, under the circumstances, they formed a part of the transaction.
The declarations of a surveyor which contradict his official

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Barclay and others v. Howell's Lessee.]
return, are clearly not evidence; nor ought they to be received, where he has no puwer to exercise a discretion as explanatory of his return, while he is still living, and may be examined
as a witness. The exception taken to the rejection of Coates's deposition
is abandoned. Several exceptiohs were made to the charge of the court to
the jury.
1. " In saying that the property in question passed to Wilson, unless the jury should decide that the Whole ground to the river was not only dedicated as a street, but that it must be capable of being used as such: that it was used as a highway or street, and that the slip of land, if it was not wholly given to the public as a street, or so much of it as was not so given, vested in the proprietors, as the undisputed owners of it."
As the fee to this property was vested in the Penn family, at the time the town was laid out, it is a clear proposition that such parts of the land as were not conveyed to the purchasers, or dedicated to the public, remained in the proprietors. But that part of the charge which instructed the jury, that it must appear that the ground to the river was not only capable of being used as a street, but had been so used, is conceived to
be erroneous. From the evidence in the cause, it appears, that the north-
ern bank of the Monongahela, from its junction with the Alleghany, to the extent of the town plat, still remains elevated in many places; but several of the streets leading south, have been extended to the river, and they have been so graduated,
as to admit of an easy approach to the water. When complaint was made to Woods, that Water street
would be too narrow, he observed, that its width might be artificially extended, for the convenience of the citizens, to the river. From this, it appears, that the ground was not then in a condition to be used as a street; and that much labour was required to place it in that situation. But, if it were dedicated for that purpose, at the time the survey of the town was made, is it essential, that it shall have been used as such within a limited time? This would hardly be pretended, as it regards other streets in the town. Suppose Market street or Wood street, leading north and south, had not been
VOL. VI-3 0

SUPREME COURT.
[Barclay and others v. Howell's Lessee.]
improved by the city of Pittsburgh until this trne, could the original proprietors claim. it as their property? If the dedication of these streets to the public were a matter of doubt, and a jury were about to inquire into the fact; it is admitted, that their not having been improved or used as streets, would be a circumstance which the jury might weigh against the proof of dedication. But it would most clearly be error for the court to instruct the jury, that unless the ground claimed for these streets was in a situation to be used as streets, and had been so used, there could have been no dedication, This appear~s to have been the purport of the instruction to the jury, in regard to Water street. The words used were, that the jury must be "satisfied, not merely that the open space was used by the inhabitants of Pittsburgh or others, but that it was used as a highway or street; and that in weighing the evidence on this point, they would naturally inquire, whether, from the nature of the ground, it was capable of being so used."
From this instruction the jury were required to find against the right asserted in behalf of the city, unless the ground referred to had been used as a street or highway. This substituted the use for the right; and made the latter to depend upon the former. The right was not necessarily connected with the use within a limited period; as no such condition appears to have been imposed'at the time it was granted. Whilst the circuit court might have called the attention of the jury to the fact, that the ground in controversy never having been used as a street, was a circumstance which they ought to weigh against the dedication contended for, it was error in them to say, in substance, there could be no right without the use. This withdrew from the jury the main point of inquiry, by substituting another; the existence or non-existence of which was not inconsistent with the principal fact. It was not essential for the city to show that the entire slip of land referred to had been used as a street, but it was essential to establish that iihad been dedicated as such.
The second objection to the charge is, that the court instracted "cthe jury that no title in the corporation had been shown to a single foot of ground within the city; and that the acts of ownership, exercised by the corporation, were altogether inconsistent with the right asserted in behalf of the

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Barclay and others v. Howell's Lessee.]
public: and plainly conveying to the jury the opinion that the improper or peculiar use made of the ground in question by the corporation, gave the plaintiff a right to recover."
The inference drawn in the conclusion of this assignment of error, may not be fully sustained by the language of the court; but they did instruct the jury, that the acts of "ownership exercised by the corporation, in the way which had been stated, were altogether inconsistent with the right asserted in behalf of the public; since, if the whole of this ground to low water mark on the river, had been dedicated for a street, it was vested as such in the public, subject to be regulated and preserved by the corporation, and could not legally be treated and used as private property by that body."
The court here refer to certain wharves, which have been constructed by the city along the Monongahela, and on the ground claimed to be Water street. Connected with these wharves is a graduated pavement, so as to render access to them from the city easy; and a tax is imposed on steamboats and other vessels, for the use of them.
If this ground had been dedicated for a particular purpose, and the city authorities had appr6priated it to an entirely different purpose; it might afford ground for the interference of a court of chancery, to compel a .specific execution of the trust, by restraining the corporation, or by causing the removal of obstructions. But, even in such a case, the property dedicated would not revert to the original owner. The use would still remain in the public, limited, only, by the conditions imposed
in the grant. It does not appear, however, that the construction of wharves
on the river, and the pavement of the ground, have, in the least degree, obstructed its use as a street. The pavement has, undoubtedly, promoted the public convenience; and if the whole line of the street were graduated and paved to the water as a public way, it would be much more valuable than in its present condition. The wharves cause no obstructions to the use of this ground as a street; and whether the city authorities have transcended their power in raising a revenue from them, by the improvements which have been made, is a question not necessarily involved in the case.
If that part of this ground which is connected with the wa-

SUPREME COURT.
rBarclay and otbers v. Howell's Lessee.]
ter, has been appropriated to other uses than as a right of way, they are not inconsistent with such right; but if such had been the case, on that ground the jury could not have rendered a verdict against the city. Such uses might have tended to show, that the dedication of this ground for a street, as contended for, had not been made; but no other or greater effect should have been given to them, had they been fully estahlished, and their inconsistency with the right asserted clearly made out.
The third objection taken to the charge is, that the court instructed "the jury that the deeds of Ormsby, and to Craig and Bayard, were inconsistent with a dedication of a space south of the Water street lots to, the river; and that these deeds conveyed the ground to the river, subject to the easement over a part of it."
The deed of Ormsby to Gregg and Sidney bears date the fifth day of November, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven haindred 'and ninety-eight, and was for "a certain lot of ground, situate in the town of Pittsburgh aforesaid, marked in the plan of said town, numbeP one hundred and eighty-three, bounded by Front street, the river Monongahela, and lots numbered one hundred and eighty-two, and one hundred and eighty-four; it being the same lot or piece of ground which the honourable John Penn and John Penn, Jun., late proprietors of Pennsylvania, by their indenture, bearing date the second day of October one thousand seven hundred and eightyfour, did grant and convey unto the raid Ormsby."
The deed. to Craig and Bayard from the Penns, bears date the thirty-first (lay of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; and conveyed to the grantees "and their heirs and assigns, thirty-two lots or pieces of ground, situate in a point formed by the-junction of the two rivers Monongahela and Alleghany, in the town of Pittsburgh, marked in the general plan of said town made by Colonel Woods, numbers one, &c.; which said- plan is recorded, or intended to be recorded, in the office for.the recording of deeds for the county of Westmoreland."
The said lots are bounded northwardly by the said Allegha-
ny river, eastwardly by Morberry or Mulberry street, south-wardly by Penn street, and south-westwardly by he Alonongahela river.

JANUARY TERM 1832.
[Barclay and others v. Howell's Lessee ]
The agreement under which this deed was executed, is
dated on the 22d day of January 1784, which was about six months, before the town was surveyed. By this agreement, the Penns sold to Craig and Bayard "a certain tract of land in their manor of Pittsburgh, lying and being in a point formed by the junction of the rivers Monongahela and Alleghany:
bounded on two sides by the rivers aforesaid," &c. As this last deed covers ground which had been sold before
the town was laid out, it is not perceived how it could be considered as inconsistent with the dedication contended for. It is true, the deed was not executed until after the town plat was formed; but it was executed by force of a purchase made prior to the survey of the town, and the purchaser had a right to insist on the boundaries designated in the agreement.
If the present contest were limited to the ground embraced in this agreem-nt, and included in the general description of the deed, it might become a serious question, whether the description, in the deed, of the lots, by their numbers as designated on Woods's plan of the town, would not control that part of the description which refers to the Monongahela river. But, if it were admitted that this deed conveyed the land to the river, it could, under the circumstances, have no other effect than to restrict the dedication of the ground for a street to the extent of the deed.
The deed from Ormsby called for the lot by its number, as marked on the plan of the town, ,and bounded by Front street, the river Monongahela, and lots numbered one hundred and eighty-two, and one hundred and eighty-four. The construction given to these calls was, that (he ground to the river was conveyed, subject to the easement over a part of it. And this deed, the jury was instructed, was inconsistent with the dedication of the ground to the water as a street.
It is contended, on the part of the defendant in error, that the charge given to the jurT on this point, was the legal construction of the deed, and consequently was a matter for the
courC to determine. The right of the court to decide on the legal effect of written
instruments, cannot be controverted; but the question of boundary is always a matter of fact for the determination of the jury. It is the province of a court to instruct the jury

S510

SUPREME COURT.

[Barclay and others v. Howell's Lessee.]
that ifiey should fix the boundaries of the tract in controversy by an examination of the whole evidence; and that artificial or natural boundaries called for, control a call for course and distance. But it would withdraw the facts from the jury, if the court were to fix: the boundaries called for, and then de'termine on the legal effect of the instrument.
Suppose the controversy had been between the city of Pittsburgh, and the persons claiming under Ormsby; who asserted a right to the ground, under his deed, to the rive. The city in such a case would have contended, before the jury, that taking the Palls of the deed together, they would limit the conveyance to the lot designated on the plan of the town; and would not this have been a question for the jury to determine, under the instruction of the court--an instruction, which should lay down the general principles of law in such a case, and the legal effect that would result from a certain state of facts; but, which should not take from the jury the right of determining on the limits of the lot, from the calls in the deed? These calls are established by evidence extrinsic of the deed; they are matters of fact, for the investigation of the jury.
In principle, there is no difference between, the case under consideration and questions of boundary,_ which are of daily occurrence. It is as much the province of a jury to determine the limits of a lot in a city or town, as ihe limits of any tract of land, however large or small. And, if the court, in a question of boundary, may fix the limits of the grant, and then say wht the legal effect of jt shall be, there is nothing left for the action of the jury.
The deed from Ormsby called for a lot, designated on the
town- plat one hundred and eighty-three, bounded by Front street, the river Monongahela, and lots numbered one hundred and eighty-two and one hundred and eighty-four.
The plat of the town which is referred to as containing a designation of the boundaries of the lot, fixes those boundaries as satisfactorily as any natural objects could fix them. Front street is called for, which lies parallel with Water street, as the northern boundary of the lot; and the adjoining lots lying east and west of it, are named as the eastern and western boundaries

JANUARY TERM 1832.
(Barclay and others v. Howell's Lessee.]
From this description, can any one doubt the intention of the grantor, and the understanding of the grantee? Does lot one hundred and eighty-three, as marked on the plan of the town, extend to the river ? This will not be pretended; nor that lots one hundred and eighty-two and one hundred eighty-four extend to the river. The call for the river, then. in the deed in question, is inconsistent with the other calls in the deed. PBy the town plat, the southern boundary of the lot is limited by Water street, and by a call for this boundary it is as fixed and certain as the call for the river. The same may be said of the eastern and western boundary of the lot. $hall these calls be all disregarded or controlled, by the single call for the natural boundary?
In a,late case this couft decided, that a call in a patent for a different county from that in which the land was situated, might be controlled by other calls in the patent. Such was the charge given to the jury in the court below, and it was sustained by this court.
The circuit court, therefore, instead of saying to the jury that the calls in this deed, and the one to Craig and Bayard, were inconsistent with the dedication of the ground 'referred to, should have instructed them, that the different calls ought to be taken together; and that the calls for the river might be controlled by the other calls in the deeds, if the jury should be satisfied that such call had been inserted through inadvertence or mistake.
The fourth and last exception taken to the charge of the
court is. that they erred in instructing the jury, "that if a street or streets leading to the Monongahela river were necessary to the enjoyment, by the inhabitants, of their property in the town, derived. from persons under whom the plaintiff claimed, they are entitled to have them laid off over the land in dispute, of right, and not of favour; and that the law points out a mode by which this right may be enforced."
This instruction does not involve a point which was material in the case: and though it were erroneous, it might not afford ground for the reversal of the judgment of the circuit court. Whether this right existed or not, it is not conceived how it could have had any influence with the jury.
The court seem to refer to the law of Pennsylvania, regulating the opening of public roads. But the establishment of

SUPREME COURT.
[Barclay and others v. Howell's Lessee.]
a public road cannot be claimed as a matter of right. An application must be made in the first instance, by petition to the court of quarter sessions; a view of the proposed road is directe.d, and its establishment depends upon the report of the viewers and other necessary sanctions.
This law, however, it is insisted, could have no operation in the city of Pittsburgh; that its streets and alleys are opened and regulated under the corporate authorities, and not by the provisions of the road law.
It is not deemed necessary, in deciding the points raised in this case, to notice all the questions discussed by the counsel in their arguments at the bar.
Whether Water street extended to low or high water mark, can be of no importance in the present controversy. If its southern boundary be limited by high water mark, it is clear that the proprietors parted with all their right. It is admitted by both parties, that the river Monongahela, bei,,g a navigable stream, belongs to the public; and a free use of it may be rightfully cla -ed by the public, whatever may be the extent of its volume of water. If Water street be bounded by the river on the south, it is only limited by the public right. To contend that between this boundary and the public right, a private and hostile right could exist, would not only be unreasonable, but against law.
Tench Francis, the attorney in fact for the Penn family, and the agent who succeeded him, must be considered, for some purposes, as the principal in these transactions. His principals were in Europe; and to his discretion and superintendence they, of necessity, consigned the management of their property in this country. The long acquiescence, therefore, in the plan of the town, as returned by Woods, affords a strong presumption against the Pight asserted by the plaintiff below in this action.
The town was laid out in the spring or summer of 1784; no act was done by the proprietors showing any claim to the land in controversy, until September 1814, when the deed to Wilson was executed. Here is a lapse of about thirty years, within which no right is asserted by the Penn family, hostile to that which was exercised by the city, in the use of this ground, to the extent which its means enabled it to improve,

JANUARY TERM 1S32.
[Barclay and others v. Howell's Lessee.]
and the public convenience seemed to require. A title whic! has remained dormant for so great a number of years, and whilb the property was used for public purposes, and necessarily within the knowledge of the agents of the proprietors, is now asserted under doubtful circumstances of right. In some cases a dedication of property to public use, as for instance a street or public road, where the public has enjoyed the unmolested use of it for six or seven years, has been deemed sufficient evidence of dedication. This lapse of time, connected with the public use and the determination expressed by the agent at the time the town was laid out to dispose of the whole of the manor, affords strong grounds to presume that no reservation of any part of the manor was intended to be made; and that the slip of land in controversy was not reserved. These were facts proper for the consideration of the jury in determining the -fact ofdedication. They were calculated to. have a strong influence to rebut the presumptions relied on by the plaintiff in the court below.
If it were necessary, an unmolested possession for thirty years would authorise the presumption of a grant. Indeed, under peculiar circumstances, a grant has been presumed from a possession less than the number, of years required to bal' the action of ejectment by the statute of limitations.
By the common law the fee in the soil remains in the original owner, where a public road is established over it; but the use of the road is in the public. The owner parts with this use only, for if the road shall be vacated by the public, he resumes the exclusive possession of the ground; and while it isused as a highway, he is entitled to the timber and grass which may grow upon the surface, and fo all minerals which may be found below it. He may bring an action of trespass against any one who obstructs the road.
In the discussion of this case, the same doctrine nas oeen applied by the counsel for the defendant in error to the streets and alleys of a town; but in deciding the points raised by the bill of exceptions, it is not necessary to determine this question.
Where the proprietor of a town disposes of all his interest in it, he would seem to stand in a different relation to the right of soil, in regard to the streets and alleys of the town, from
VOL. VI.-3 P

514

SUPREME COURT.

[Barclay and others v. Howell's Lessee.]
the individual over whose soil a public road is established, and who continues to hold the land og both sides of it. Whether the purchasers of town lots are not, in this respect, the owners of the soil over which the streets and alleys are laid, as appurtenant to the adjoining lots, is a point not essentially involved in this case.
If the jury shall find that the ground in question was dedi. cated to the public as a street or highway, or for other publie ,purposes, to the river, either at high.or low water mark, the right of the city will be established, and the plaintiff in the ejectment must consequently fail to recover.
Upoh a deliberate consideration of the points involved in the case, this court are clearly of the opinion, that the judgment of the circuit court was erroneous, and it is therefore reversed, and the cause remanded for further proceedings.

