JANUARY TERM 1883.
THE.LEssEE OF EDWARD LiVINGSTON )AND OTHERS V. JOHIJ MOORE AND OTHERS.
The titles to lands under.the acts of the legslaturc of the state of Pennsylvani, providing for the sale of the landed estate of John Nicholson, in satisfaction of the liens the state held on those lands, and the proceedngs under the same, are valid.
These acth, and the proceedings under them, do not contravene the provisions of the constitution of the United. States, in any manner whatsoever.
The words used in the constitution of Pennsylvania m declaring the extent of the powers of its legiMature, are sufficiently comprehensive to embrace the powers exercised over the estate of John Nicholson.
IN error to the circuit court of the United States for the eastern district of Pennsylvama.
In the circuit court, the plaintiffs in error instituted an ejectment for a tract of land m the county of Franklin, In the state of Pennsylvania. They showed title to the land as the heirs of John Nicholson, who was seised of the same at the -time of his death,.under a warrant, survey and return of survey, and pq.yment of the purchase money to the state.
The title of the defendants.was regularly derived from a sale of the lands of John Nicholson, made under the authority of the state of Pennsylvania, towards satisfying the lien claimed by the state for the debts .due by.John Nicholson, arikng -from his defalcation'as the comptroller-general of the state.
The constitutionality and validity of that lienwere denied by the plaintiffs.
On the 13th of April 1782, John Nicholson was, by an act of the legislature of Pennsylvania, appointed comptrollergeneral of the state, and was entrusted with large powers for the collection of the debts due to the state, the settlement of public accounts, and the manggement of -the funds of the state.
Mr Nicholson acted as comptroller for twelve years, durng which time he was impeached,'tned and and acquitted. He afterwards, on the 11th of April 1794, resigned the office.
By accouv% stated, on the 19th of November 1796, large

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
oalances were found tp be due by Mr Nicholson to the state of Pensylvama. On an account, No. 1, headed "Dr, John Nicholson, account in continental certificates with the state of Pennsylvania, Cr," the balance was fifty-one thousand two hundred and nine dollars and twenty-two cents; and on another account, No. 2, headed "Dr, John Nicholson, account, three per cent stock in account with the state of Pennsylvaiia, Cr," the balance was stated to be sixty-three thousand seven hundred and thirty-one dollars and six cents.
The original accounts were given in evidence on the trial in the circuit court, and also counterparts of them signed by the respective officers, upon which were indorsements, one in the handwriting, of Mr Nicholson, the other in that of his counsel in a suit instituted against him for the recovery of the debts due to the-state.
A suit was commenced in the supreme court oi Pennsylvania, by the state against John Nicholson to September term 1793, for the loss sustained by the state on certain certificates, which it was alleged he had improperly subscribed, and a verdict was obtained against him on the 18th of December 1795, for four thousand two hundred and eight pounds eight shillings and ten pence. No execution was ever issued on this judgment.
To September term 1795 another suit was instituted by the ,state of Pennsylvania against John Nicholson, being an action of trover for certain continental certificates and funded stock of the United States. Judgment .was entered m this suit on the 20th of March 1797, on the following agreement, signed by the attorney-general of the state, and by the counsel for the defendant.
"21st of March 1797, by agreement filed, the judgment is for the sum of one hundred and ten thousand three hundred and ninety dollars and eighty-nine cents, rating the stock as follows: - six per cent at sixteen shillings and innepence in-the pound, three per cent at ten shillings; militia certificates at fifty per cent, and that, in the set off, the stock be allowed at the same rate, the defendant to be allowed three months to point out any errors to the satisfaction of the comptroller and.register general, such errors to be deducted from the sum for which

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee of Lingston v. Moore and others.]
judgment shall be entered. Certificates and receipts to be credited also, with the charges of the funded debt. Errors against the commonwealth, if any, also to be corrected. The sum for which judgment is now entered, to be altered by the subsequent, calculation of the comptroller-general alone. Supreme court, costs taxed at thirty-five dollars and thirty-five cents."
Executions were issued on the judgment in the year 1798, and afterwards in 1803, to many counties in the state, and proceedings to condemn the lands of the defendant took place. Between the 8th of March 1796, when the first set lement of the accounts of JobnNicholson was made, and the 21st of March 1797, when the state judgment was entered, many judgments were obtained by the private creditors of Mr Nicholson, winch remain. unsatisfied on the records. On some of these judgments executions were issued and levies made on the real estate of the defendant prior to the executions levied by the state on the same lands. Mr Nicholson was arrested under executions by private creditors, and died in prison in December 1800. His heirs were then minors, and they all left the state prior to 1804.
The legislature of Pennsylvania passed at different periods, laws for the settlement of accounts and the collection of debts due to the state.
By an act passed on the 18th of February. 1785, it was provided, "that the settlement of any public account by the comptroller, and cornfirmation thereof by the supreme executive council, whereby any balance or sum of money shall be found due from any person to the commonwealth, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a lien on all the real estate of such person throughout this state, in the same manner as if judgment had been given in favour of the commonwealth, against such person for such debt in the supreme court, and if, after an appeal from the said settlement of accounts by, or award of, the said comptroller-generhl, and confirmation thereof by the supreme executive council, the said settlement shall be confirmed, the said supreme court shall award interest thereon, from the date of the confirmation of the said settlement of account by thl supreme executive council, and costs, to be paid by the appel-

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Livingston y. Moore and others.]-
lies." By the sixth section of this act, if the governor is dissatisfied with a settlement, or of opinion that a legal discussion will tend to the furtherance of justice, he may direct a suit, which shall be proceeded in as in other' civil actions. By an act passed 1st of April 1790, the office of register-general having been created, all accounts are first to be settled by him and afterwards examined by the comptroller-general, and then transmitted to the executive council for its approbation. And by the fifth section, all settlements, under this act, shall have the same force and effect, and be subject to the same appeal as those made formerlyby the comptroller-general. After the passage of these acts, the constitution of the state was changed, and the executive power was vested in a governor instead of the executive council. On the 14th of January 1791, an act was passed by which all duties directed to be done by the president and executive council, shall be done by the governor. This act-was limited to the end of the session.
On the 13th April 1791, the act of 1st April 1790 was continued to the end of the then session, but.with a proviso that in all cases when accounts examined and settled by the comptroller and register, or either of them, have heretofore been referred to the executive authority, to be by it approved and allowed, or rejected, the same shall only in future be referred to the governor, when the comptroller and register' shall differ in opimon, but in all cases where they agree, only the balances due on, each account shall be certified by the said comptroller and register to the governor, who shall thereupon proceed in like manner as if the said accounts had been referred to him according to the former laws on the subject, and provided always, that in all cases when the party or parties shall not be satisfied with the settlement of the accounts by the comptroller and register, or when there shall be reason to suppose that justice has not been done to the commonwealth, the governor may, and shall, in like manner, and upon the same tonditions as heretofore, allow appeals, or cause suits to be institnted, as the case may require. By the act of 28 March 1792, this law was continued until the end of the next session.-
Bly.two other acts, it is continued to the end of the session of 1793, 1794.

JANUARY TERM 1833.
(Lessee ofLivingston v. Meore and others.]
An act was passed 22d April 1794, reciting, that under the -oldconstitution, acts were passed vesting powers in the executive council or president, and that it was expedient such powers should be vested m the governor, which enacts, "that in all cases where, by the laws of the commonwealth, the-supreme executive council, or the president, or vice-president thereof; is mentioned as having power and authority to carry the same into effect, the governor for the time being shall be deemed and taken to be m the place and stead of the same supreme executive council, or the president or the vice-president thereof, and shall have and exercise all the powers in them, or any or eitherof them vested, unless such powers have been, and are by law Vested m some other officer- or officers, person or persons, or shall be inconsistent with the provisions ontained in the existing constitution of the commonwealth."
By-this act all accounts are in the first instance to be submitted to the register, who shall adjust and send them to the comptroller, who, if he approve the settlement, shall return the same to the register. But if he disapprove, and they cannot agree, shall transmit the same to the governor, who shall decide. Provided, that in all cases where the parties shall be dissatisfied with the settlement of 'their accounts, an appeal shall be allowed.
On the 31st of March 1806, an act was passed by the legislature of Pennsylvania, entitled "an act for the more speedy and effectual collection of certain debts due to this commonwealth." The following is a summary of the first ten sections of that act.
Sect. 1. Commissioners appointed with powers -to procure copies of deeds and other writungs, relating to the real estate of John Nicholson. 2, The commissioners to receive on application, copies of all necessary papers, from the land officers, without fees. 3. To ascertain, as near as may be, the quality and extent of the estate of John Nicholson in each county, subject to the lien of the commonwealth. 4. To average the demand of the commonwealth on the several estates subject to the lien, and make report to the govern.or, who shall cause the same to be sold, &c. on the payment of the sum assessed on any particular estate by any person claiming an interest therein, the commissioners empowered to convey to such persons the estate or lien thereon. 5. Where the commissioners shall
VOL. VIL-3 K

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and other )
be authorized to compromise with individuals or the managers of land compames. 6. In what cases the commissioners may purchase in the property for the use of the state. 4th, 5th and 6th.sections, repealed and supplied. 7. Commissioners to take oath or affirmation for the faithful discharge of their duties. 8. Their compensation. 9. Empowered to recover by due course of law, books and papers, &c. 10. Commissioners of the several counties prohibited from selling any of the lands of John Nicholson for taxes.
Sect. 11. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that in any case where the said John Nicholson, in his life time, had or held lands in partnership, or in common with any other person or persons, the said commissioners, or a ma, jority of them, are hereby authorized to cause partition to be made of the said land by writ or otherwise, in order to ascertain the respective interestq of the said part owners, as well as the separate interest of the said John Nicholson, and if it shall be necessary to make said partition by wnt, in case of disagreement between the parties, the said commissioners or a majority of them, shall be made parties to such writ, either plaintiffs or defendants, and such partition, so made, shall be as available in law, as if the same had been made by the said John Nicholson in his life time, and the costs thereof shall be paid equally by the parties as in other cases, and the said commissioners shall be allowed for their part of such costs in the settlement of their accounts.
Further legislating on this subject, on the 19th of March 1807, an-act was passed, entitled "a supplement to an act, entitled ' an act for the more speedy and effectual collection of certain debts due to this commonwealth.' "'
Sect. 1. Be it enacted by the senate and house of representatives of the commonwealth of Pennsylvania in general assembly met, and it is hereby enacted by the authority of the same, that the commissioners appointed under the act to which this is a supplement, shall make report of their proceedings to the governor, who, on approbation thereof, shall issue one or more process to the said commissioners, commanding them, or a majority of them, to sell such lands or interest in lands, as the said commissioners may specify in their Teport as the property of the late J. Nicholson, and in all cases of sales to be

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee of Livingston v. [oore and others.]
made by the commissioners or a majority of them, at least twenty days notice shall be given of the time and place of sale by advertisement in the newspaper printed in the county where the lands respectively lie, if any be there printed, and if not, m the newspaper printed nearest to such county, and also in two papers printed in the city of Philadelphia. Provided, that nothing contained in this section shall operate to abndge the powers of compromise vested in the said commissioners by the fourth section ofthis act.
-Sect. 2. In all cases of sales under this act,. the purchaser or purchasers shall pay the amount of the purchase money into the state treasury, and the payment.of'no part of the purchase money shall be deferred for a longer time than four years, and whenever any part shall be deferred for. any length of time within that period which is hereby referred to the discretion of the commissioners, or a majority of them, immediately superintending any sale, such deferred payments shall carry. interest from the time of the sale, and shall be secured by bonds given by the purchaser or purchasers with surety, approved by the commissioners or a majority of them as aforesaid, payable to the treasurer of the commonwealth and delivered to the said commissioners or a majority of them at the time of sale, and the said comimssioners or a majority of 'them shall, on the receipt of the bonds aforesaid, deliver to every purchaser a certificate of the property sold to him, the time and place of sale and the bonds received, and shall also deliver into the hands of the treasurer within two months from the time of sale, all bonds received for or on-account of such sales, and within the same time make a particular return into the office of the secretary of the commonwealth to the process of the governor of the quantity of land sold, the situation thereof, the price at which it was sold, and how. paid or secured, which said process and return shall be carefully registered and filed by the said secretary, who is hereby required upon the application of any purchaser or purchasers, or any person on his or their behalf, on production of the certificate aforesaid and the treasurer's receipt for the consideration of the purchase, to make and execute a deed or deeds -to the purchaser or purchasers for the property sold to him or them, as and for such estate as the said John Nicholson had or held the same at the

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Lviigston v..Moore and others.]
time of the commencement of the liens of the commonwealth against th estate of the said John Nicholson, which said conveyances or copies of the records thereof shall be prima facie evidence of the grantee's title provided, that the respective bodies or tracts of land sold under this act shall be subject to the payment of the .purchase money thereof.
Sect. 3. The said commissioners or a majority of them are hereby authorized and empowered to expose any body of lands rate the propertyof the said John Nicholson late deceased, which ate subject to the lien of the commonwealth, to sale under and by virtue of the process to be issued by the governor as aforesaid, either in gross or by separate tracts as to them or a majority of them may appear most advisable.
Sect. 4. The said commissioners or a majority of them shall have full power to settle by compromise or otherwise with any person or persons who in any manner may allege title to any of the lands late the property of the aforesaid John Nicholson, deceased, on such terms as to them may appear most eligible, and their proceedings therein shall be final and conclusive on the commonwealth and upon any compromise made with any person or persons, the said commissioners or a majority of them, at the rmquest of the party and upon his or their paying the consideration money into the state treasury, or secunng the payment of the same, may and shall execute and deliver an asssignment under their hands and seals of so much of the liens of this commonwealth against the estate of the late John Nicholson, as may be equivalent to the consideration paid or secured to be pair as aforesaid by such party, and from the date of such assignment the whole amount thereof shall be principal bearing legal interest, and the holder or holders of such assignments, or his or their assigns may at any time proceed upon the liens of this commonwealth to sell the lands which may constitute the subject of such compromise.
Sect. 5. If the commissioners or a majority of them should be of opinion that it would be more to the advantage of the commonwealth to purchase any of the property to be offered to sale under this act for the bse of the commonwealth than tQ suffer the same to be sold for a sum less than the estimated value thereof, they, or a majority of them are hereby empowered so to do, and in this, as in cases of sales to individuals, the

JANUARY TERM 1833.

[Lessee of fLivigston v.-Moore and others.]

commissioners are enjoined to make a special return into the

office of the secretary,.who shall as in other cases, register-the

return, which shall vest in the commonwealth all the titlt to

the property so purchased, which the said:John Nicholson'had

therein at the date of the commonwealth's liens, and the lands

so purchased shall be disposed of in such manner as shall

hereafter be directed by law - provided, that no purchase,

-either directly or indirectly, shall be made m behalf of- the

commissioners aforesaid in their own right, nor shall any of

the property of John Nicholson be vested m them otherwise

than as in trust for the commonwealth.

The succeeding sections have no application to the questions

in this case.

The court charged the jury,

1. That the accounts between John Nicholson and the com-

monwealtb, or some of them, were so settled and adjusted,

that the balances or sums of money, thereby found due to the

commonwealth, were good and valid liens on all the real estate

of John Nicholson, throughout the state of Pennsylvama.

2. That the judgments rendered by the supreme court of

the state, in favour of the commonwealth, against John Nichol-

son, also constituted good -and valid liens upon all his real

estate -throughout the state,

3. That the several acts of the general assembly of Penn-

sylvama, passed on the 31st of March 1806, and on the 19th

of March 1807, are not repugnant to, or in violation of the

constitution of the United States, or of Pennsylvania, but that

they are good and valid laws, and a rightful exercise of the

powers of the legislature of Pensylvania, that the whole law

of the case is therefore in favour of the defendants.

A

The defendants were purchasers of the land for which this

suit was instituted under the provisions of these laws.

The case was tried in October 1828, and a verdict and judg-

ment, under the charge of the court, were rendered for the de-

fendants(a). The plaintiffs excepted to the charge of the-court,

(a) The very learned and ighly interesting charge, delivered to the jury by the-honourable Judge Hopxrzsor, on the trial of this case in the circuit court of Pennsylvania, will be found m an Appendix to this volume.

·SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
on the points stated at large in the arguments, and in the opmion of the court.
Exceptions were also taken during the tnal to the ruling of the court in matters of evidence, which also sufficiently appear in the arguments of counsel, and the opinion of this court.
The case was argued by Mr C. J. Ingersoll, with whom also was Mr Taney, for the-plaintiffs, and by Mr Binney, and Mr Sergeant, for the defendants.
Mr C. J. Ingersoll, for the plaintiffs. By the agreement under which this case was tried, both .plaintiffs and defendants claim under Nicholson, whose title is admitted, unless-divested by the alleged lien and proceedings of the state which create the defendants' title. For the plaintiffs, it will be submitted, first, that the acts of assembly in question are unconstitutional, secondly, that the state had no lien, and thirdly, that the court erred in ruling certain points of evidence. 1st. The question of constitutionality. By their act of the 13th of April 1782, the legislature of Pennsylvania conferred on Nicholson extraordinary powers and duties, judicial and executive as well as fiscal, by appointing him comptroller-general. 2Dalas's edition of the Laws of Pennsylvania, 44, 2 Smith, 19. After twelve years service in that office, he was accused of misdemeanour, impeached, tried and acquitted, but resigned the 11th of April 1794. Much precipitate and passionate legislation ensued, with. a view of recovering certain debts which he was charged with owing the commonwealth, continued by various provisions through a period of fourteenyears. The final acts of 1806 and 1807 ordered confiscation of bislarge real estates, comprehending several millions of acres throughout the state, worth more than twenty times enough to pay all its alleged demands, and all his private creditors but unconstitutionally sacrificed by commissioners appointed by these acts, at their arbitrary sales, contrary to the due course of law, and uncontrolled by any court of justice, by proceedings altogether extrajudicial. these large estates produced probably little more than paid the commissioners' charges.. The same acts

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee of Livingston v.'Moore and others.]
also order Nicholson's papers to be seized wherever met with, and secured in .public office private and official, they have all been in the state's exclusive .keeping ever since. Thus stnpped, spoiled by the state of all his possessions and titles, character and credit, and imprisoned by private creditors, but resolved not to surrender estates, which he knew were much more than sufficient, to satisfy his debts, always denying that he was in debt to the state at all, Nicholson languished till he died in jail, the 2d oT December 1800. His widow and minor children went into exile from Pennsylvania nor was it till lately that they-had the means or the courage to seek judicial redress.
As soon as Nicholson was out of office, an act of assembly of 20th April 1794, (3 Dallas's edition of the Laws of Pennsylvama, 790,) made provision for the settlement of his accounts ,but neither this act, nor that of 1792 appointing him to office, asserts any lien on his estate. This was done 'by the twelfth section of the act of 13th February 1785, 2, Dallas's edition of the Laws of Pennsylvania, 251, which declares that the settlement of any public -account by the emptroller-general, and confirmation thereof by the supreme executive council, whereby any balance or. sum of money shall be found due from any person-to the commonwealth, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a lien on all the real estate or such person throughout this state, 2n the same manner as if judgment had been gven in favour of the commonwealth, against such person for such debt, in the supreme court.
The state is supposed to set up three liens against Nicholson. 1. A fiscal lien by treasury sQttlement. 2. Judicial lien by judgment in the supreme court. 3. A posthumous lien by operation of law on Nicholson's death, insolvent, as is charged.
Whether, as the act of 1782, appointing Nicholson comptroller-general, creates no lien, that of 1785 could superadd such liability to the original contract between him and the state, will not be made a distinct point, but without waving after thus suggesting it, left for the -determination of. the. court.
The act of the 31st of March 1806, (Bioren's edition of the, Laws of Pennsylvama, vol. 8. p. 1,66,) though entitled an act

-SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee ofLivingston v. Moore and others.]
ror the more speedy and certain collection of certain debts due to the commonwealth, is confined to the debts claimed of Nicholson alone. It assumes such debts without specifying sum, date, -or any other particular. It also assumes what is called the lien, without specifying whether fiscal or judicial, or when it accrued. The lien thus assumed, for a debt thus unexplained, is exrra-judicially put in force: for tliough by the fourth section the sheriffs are appointed to sell the lands, and directed to do so according to due course of law; yet their mandates issue from the governor instead of any court of justice, and the whole proceedings are subject to no judicial control whatever. The supplemental act of the 19th March 1807, (Bioren's edition of the Laws of Pennsylvania, vol. 8, p. 208) remov'4 every vestige of judicial proceeding and control. The sheriff's agency is dispensed with. Nothing is said of due course of law; but the commissioners appointed by the act are arbitrarily to realize the avails of the lands, without the agency or control of any
court or officer of 1ustice. Granting the state lien to be,whatthe actof 1785declareslike
a judgment, may it be thus enforcedl The state contends that these acts of assembly do but accelerate and invigorate the remedy, by provision for putting the lien in force. The plaintiffs insist that they violate the right. it would be as lawful for the party state to enforce its lien by militarypower. The state's argument, if it prove any thing, proves too much, for it maintains that this lien might be enforced by any means whatever. The plaintiffs submit that, whatever the proceedings be, however tie due course of law may be changed, it cannot be dispensed with. The proceeding must be judicial. Though the state has not specified what lien it relies upon, yet the ninth section of the act of 1807, by assuming the 20th December 1797 as the date, suffi6iently proves that its reliance was on the fiscal lien by treasury settlement of that date. Granting either lien, fiscal or judicial, the plaintiffs insist that it can be only realized by judicial execution. The debtor paty cannot be deprived of redress by due course of law, for any complaint he may make. Unquestionably he is so by these acts. 'Their provisions are superfluous. The same power that can enact, may dispense with them. They are d~e mere machinery of confiscation, If they are con.

JANUARY TERM 183.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
stitutional acts, the same power might have dispensed with that machinery, and enacted by one simple provision, that the lands of Nicholson belong to the state. Nor was this machinery, even designed for his benefit, but merely to. sell the lands, profitably, for the advantage of the state. --Due course of law, as that phrase has been understood ever since Magna Charta, means the ancient and established course of law, the established courst of judicial proceedings. 2 Inst. 60, 61, 1 Black. Corn. 138, 139. It may be said that Coke, in the passage referred to, means criminal law, but this court put no such limitafion on the phrase, but understand it to mean all judicial proceedings whatever, in the case of the Bank of Columbia v. Okely, 4 Wheat. 244. -
There were three contracts between the state and Nicholson. 1. That, by the acts of 1782 and 1785, appointing him comptroller-general, and fixng his liability in case of indebtedness, which was to be a lien like a judgment in the supreme court, 2. That, by the warrant for the land, which was a grant that estops the state from resuming it; 3. By %heagreement for judgment entered in open court. By each and all of these contracts, the state bouid itself to abide by a.lien after the manner of a judgment; that is, an incumbrante to be judicially realized dccording to the common process used in-due course of law; issuing from a court of justice always open to the complaints of all parties. This is the vital principle of all the three contracts: to be under the jurisdiction of a court of law, empowered to redress any complaints.
The twelfth section of the act of 1785 is express, that the lien shall be in the same manner es a judgment in the supreme court: in other words, that it shall be like a judgment, which is an incumbrance by itself inoperative, until pilt in action-by the execution which crowns it. Wayman v. Southard, 10 Wheat. 23. Execution is pecessary for the perfection ofjudgment, and consequently, indispensable for the beneficial exercise of jurisdiction. It is putting the sentence of the law in force. 3 Black. Com. 412. In like manner, the agreement confessing judgment, ex vi termni, import%liability to judicial execution, not executive, arbitrary, or contrary to the usual -course of judicial process It may be said that the language of the act of 1785, giving a lien like a.judgment in the supreme
VOL. Vi-_ L

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
court, means nothing more than an incumbrance co-extensive with every county in the state. But- this interpretation was rejected in the circuit court, for the obvious reason that a prior paragraph of the same section of the act provides in terms for that purpose, which therefore would not be repeated. Both the fiscal and judicial liens are but-executory, jus ad ren, not rn re, requiring other process to execute them. There is a right to lien, but not to execution. The obnoxious acts give execution, not such as follows judgment in due course of law, but. extraordinary, arbitrary, executive, extra-judicial, and therefore unconstitutional execution of the lien.
Such laws it is submittedi 1. Impair the obligation of contracts, contrary to section 10, article.1, of the constitution of the United States, and they impair contracts, contrary to section 17, article 9, of the constitution of Pennsylvania': for these acts, by contravening the latter constitution, avoid all the difficulties into which this court was thrown by the alleged distinction between a contract and the obligation of a contract. 12 Wheat. 239, 240, 241, 242, 256, 257, 5;58, 259. 2. They take propetty and apply it to public use without just compensation, contrary to section 10, article 9,of the constitution of Pennsylvania. 3. They deprive of remedy by due course of law for injury done, contrary to section 11, article 9, of the constitution of Pennsylvania. 4. They violate the right of security in person and papers from unreasonable searches and seizures; contrary to section 8, article 9, of the constitution of Pennsylvania; and the fourth amendment of the constitution of the United States. 5. They violate the right of trial by jury, contrary to section 6, article 9, of the constitution of Pennsylvama, and the seventh amendment of the constitution of the United States. Lastly. They violate the fundamental principle of social and political compact, which withholds from a body politic, as from all its individual members, the power to judge in its own cause, and enact exceptive laws, in particular instances, in derogation of the common law. Thus the obnoxious acts violate, 1st, uiversal law or common justice; 2nd, the onstitutional or orgam law of this fe-

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
deral union of the states; 3d, the constitutional or organic law of the state of Pennsylvania. In other words, they violate natural, federal, and municipal law.
The state rests on a lien in the same manner as if judgment were given in the supreme court. Manner comes from mamer, to handle or execute. It is the way of executing. To-be taken in the manner is to be caught in the execution of an of, fence. The circuit court considered this phrase a mere pleonasm. But that would violate the first rule of interpretation, which is to give to .every word of a law, more especially to every substantive phrase, some meaning. The phrase in question obviously means a lien like a judgment. The mereword lien would do so by itself, that is to say a binding but inert incumbrance, to be realised by further and final process. According to the argument of the charge itself, the intention was to make the debt secure by the lien, the settlement being con. clusive evidence of the debt, but to be recovered and collected in the ordinary way of a suit, judgment and execution. No attempt was made during ten years, from 1796 to 18'06, to enforce the lien. But the judicial lien was proceeded upon in the manner of a judgment by judicial exemption. There were however numerous individual 4wecutions forestalling it. Whereupofi, the acts of 1806 and 1807 undertook to realize the fiscal lien, because it preceded the individual executions.
That a state may b party to a contract withlanother state, or-a corporatibn, or one or more individuals, and dealt with accordingly in courts of justice, is the established and familiar law of this country. Fletcher v,Peck,. 6 Cra. 132, 2 Cond. Rep. 308, New Jersey v. Wilson,.7 Cra.. 166, 2 Cond. Rep. 457, Green v. Biddle, 8 Wheat. 92, Providence Bank v. Billings, 4 Peters, 514, Sturges v. Crowninshield, 4 Wheat. 197, 4 Cond. Rep. 409.
It is also as well settled that a contract is a compact or agreement between two or more parties, whether communities or individuals, either executed or executory. Fletcher v. Peck, 6 Cranch, 136; Green v. Biddle, 8 Wheat. 92; Ogden v. Saunders, 12 Wheat. 297; Farmers and MechanicsBauk of Pennsylvania v. Smith, 6 Wheat. 132; Serg. Const. Law, 852, Crittenden v. Jones, and Glascock v. Steer, 5 Hall's Law Journ. 514, Vanhorn Iv. Dorance, 2 Dall. 304, 'Dash v. Van Kleeck,

SUPREME COURT
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
7"Johns. 490; Pickett's Case, 5 Pickering, 65. To be sure it must be a contract concerning property, not a mere civil contract, sucla as that of marriage. Dartmouth College v. Woodward, 4 Wheat. 637, 644, 682. But even to forbear is as much a contract as to affirm, and it has been decided that acquiescence makes a contract. WesternUniversity of Pennsylvania v. Robinson, 12 Serg. and R. 29. Contracts are constructive as well as specific. Ogden v. Saunders, 12 Wheat. 317. Each party acquires a right in the other's promises, whether express or understood. Etymologically, contract means any agreement that draws two or more together. In common understanding it .means any bargain. In law it means any agreement on good consideration to do or forbear any lawful act. Com. on Cont. vol. 1, p. 1, Powell on Cont. 234, 2 Black. Com. 442. According to the civil law it is an agreement which gives an action to compel performance. Wood's Institutes of Civil Law, 206, 1 Rutherforth, 204, ch. 13, Grot. b. 2, ch. 12, Paley, vol. 1, ch. 6, p. 145. Existing law, whether statute, common or customary, affec ang a contract in its obligation, construction, or discharge, is always part of a contract, though not expressed to be so. Camfranque v. Bunel, 1 Wash. C. C. Reports, 341, Ogden v. Saunders, 12 Wheat. 291. All usages are no more than constructive contracts. The whole common law is little else, the land titles of Pennsylvania by warrant and survey also. Nicholson contracted with the state that his lands should be bound by a lien. The state contracted with him that the lien should be like a judgment. Such was the contract by the act of 1785, by the warrant of 1794, and by the judgment of 1797. All these were agreements for valuable consideration, concermng private property, like the contracts hel(4 sacred and not allowed to be impaired m the various cases before cited. If land is granted .y a state, its legislative power is incompetent to annul the grant. United States v. Arredondo. 6 Peters, 738.
Such being the contract; and the law of contracts without provision in this instance for enforcing it, may that be done extra-judicially I Such enforcement could not have been m Nicholson's contemplation when he entered into the contract. nor will the law impute to him an anticipation of any unusual, rmuh less extra-jud'icial execution.

JANUARY TERM 1.833.
[Lessee of Livingston v. .Moore and others.]
There is a.class of laws which are extraordinary, exceptive and prepotent from the ncessity of things, such as laws of. revenue, limitation, insolvency, usury, divorce, apd the like. Perhaps. all contracts for public office are of this class, as far as respects official salaries; though it is not altogether certain that by the act of 1785 the state could reduce the salary given to the comptroller-general by the act of 1782. This principle is questionedby ChiefJustice Marshall in the Dartmouth College case, 4 Wheat. 694. For argument's sake we can afford to concede, without endangering Nicholson's case, that the state by subsequentacts might increase his duties, and reduce his salary. But the lien on his private estate could not'be affected without his consent, nor otherwise enforced than as originally agreed.
It is very clear that the acts in question impair the contract, if there was one. To impair, etymologically from unpar,is to render unequal, to make worse, and unquestionably these acts rendered Nicholson's estate worse. According to adjudications, whatever prejudices the validity, construction, duration, mode
of discharge, or even evidence, of an agreement, im-any manner or degree, impairs the -contract, Ogden v. Saunders, 12 Wheat, 256, 257. Any law which lessens the original obligation impairs it, 12 Wheat. 337. The state will insist on state necessity and state power, its eminent domain. The question is whether any necessity will justify the exercise of bxtra-judi-cial power to enforce a contract which stipulated for the .due course of law to enforce it. The acts in question, though rapacious, exceptive, arbitrary, unjust, impolitic and odibus, may nevertheless be constitutional; But suppose a private creditor to have got such a law enacted for the collection of his lien debts, would not the enormity of that law flash conviction of its unconstitutionality q The state must show its superior power, on the tyrant's plea of state necessity, to enact such a law. Yet it is against this very power, dreadful in states, but never to be apprehended from individuals, that the constitutional provisions were intended to guard states that are not omnipotent even in the regulation of their revenue laws, but restrained by constitutional barrier. Laws of escheat, taxation, attachment, revenue, and the like, though summary, and contrary to the course of common law, for the more speedy and effectual recovery of. certain claims, yet are always general in

SUPREME COURT.
(Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
their operation, uniform in their provisions, and subject to judicial control. It is not intended to deny the power of states to modify remedies. Sturges v. Crowninsueld, 4 Wheat. 197, 200. The power to alter the modes of proceeding in suits at common law includes the execution of their judgments, Weyman v. Southard, 10 Wheat. 47, and a general superintendence over them is within the judicial province. But even an act of limitation barring passed decisions would be void. Society v. Wheeler, 1 Gall. 141. An act annullingajudgment would be void. Dash v. Van Kleeck, 7 Johns. 490. And in the same case it is said by Judge Thompson, that after the judgment of a court, legislation is incompetent to impose new rules of law. 7 Johns. 496. The distinction between remedy and right so equally divided the judges of this court m the case of Ogden v. Saunders, 12 Wheat. that it would be hazardous to attempt to define it. But even Messrs Clay, Livingston, and the other gentlemen who argued that case in contradiction to the argument now submitted, concede that all the sovereign power of states can be executed only by general, impartial and prospective legislation, not affecting vested rights or past transactions. The extinction of the despotic and miquitous principle of retrospective legislation was the great object of the constitution, and the supposed distinction between right and remedy is often without foundation, as for instance, a law forbidding the institution of an action, though it seems to act on the remedy, annuls the right. The meaning of the term obligation is well explained by a recent French author of great authority-Toullier on the Civil Law, vol. 1, p. 84. If a state, undertaking to modify a particular law, in effect. extinguishes the obligation, tbis would be an abuse of power; 12 Wheat. 352 nor does power to vary the remedy imply power to impair the obligation. Of this leading but contradictory case it may be said, 1. That all its argument and illustrations are distinguishable from Nicholson's case, because they look to laws that are general and not exceptive, 2. All Ihe judges agree that ex post facto laws which abolish judicial action are unconstitutional, and 3. That even general laws, such as acts of limitation, are unconstitutional if they impair prior contracts. The cases of Fletcher v. Peck, the 'Dartmouth College, Sturges v Crowninshield, and Ogden v.

JANUARY TERM 1833.
(Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
Saunders, are, in principle, supporters of the argument now submitted.
Remedy, as defined by lexicographers, means literally, to cure. Blackstone speaks of the remedial part of a law. 1 Black. Com. 55. Right means just claim to any thing. Thus, in the language of the law, remedy is always used metaphorically. And the acts in question are not remedial,- for they do not cure. They rather affect the right to judicial process, which they take away. Nicholson's contraqt provides that the process against him should be judicial, or rather that there should be no proceeding against him bat by process. The act of 1785 gives lien, without providing how it should be enforced. Liens are always enforced by process. But the obnoxious acts, instead of supplying a defect of process, abrogate all process whatever, and substitute a commission which is equivalent to confiscation. They mighL as well have ordered the governor or the militia to seize the lands, or have opened a land office to sell them. Granting that the acts in question are even remedial, yet they are void because they abolish judicial remedy. Perhaps the legislature might erect new tribunals for the more speedy and effectual recovery of the debts said to be due by ,Nicholson. But they could not erect a tribunal to proceed extra-judicially. Should a state be so insane, says Chief Justice Marshall, 12 Wheat. 351, as to shut its courts, would this annihilation of remedy annihilate the olligation of the contractl Granted, that by general legislation the usual modes of process may be altered or abolished. But the power of a state to modify'remedies does not authorize the substitution of extra-judicial proceedings instead of due course of law, even by general provision. Suppose the 'state has judgment against an individual, could an act of assembly authorize the courts of justice to dispense with all the established modes of proceeding, and to realize the debt by arbitrary execution? The proceedings in question are.wholly unlike the establislied law of Pennsylvama. The act of 1700 (1 Smith's Ed. Laws of Penn. p. 7) carefully regulates the methods of execution, and the arbitration act of 1806, sec. .11 (4 Smith's Ed. of Laws of Penn. p. 329), carefully conforms to the provisions of the act of 1700. Courts martial, prevotal courts and all special commissions to try evert criminals, at

SUPREME COURT.
(Lessee o Livingston v. Moore and others.]
1East profess to proceed judiciaUy, even though they differ from common law. It can hardly be said that the acts in question are revenue laws. But if even they were, the summary pro-
cess authorized by acts of congress for the more speedy and effectual collection of the national income is uniformly and thoroughly judicial in its character. Ac-r of-15th- May 1820, 3 Story's Ed; Laws of the United States, sec. 4, p. 1791. Such was -also the old revenue system; Act of the 14th. July 1791, sec. 16, 1 Story's Ed. of Laws of the United States, p. 550. Such was the system of the late war taxation; Act of 1815, sec. -33, 2 Story's Ed. Laws of the United States, p. 1466. Such are all the tax laws of the state of Pennsylvania. It is believed that no instance can be cited of a stretch of l gislative power by vigour beyond the law occurring in any of the United States such as the acts in question.
Nor are they countenanced by any adjudication. The case of Stoddard v.-Smith, 5 Bin. 355, on which the circuit court relied, was that of a pribr and a general act, not interfering with any judicial proceeding. Such also was the case of Emenck v. Harris, 1 Bin. 416, sustaining the arbitration law, on the ground that though it postpones it does not take away trial by jury. In the Bank of Columbia v. Okely, 4 Wheat. 235; a prior and a general law authorizing the bank to issue summary executions- against its debtors was sanctioned by this court on the principle that such was part of the original contract. This case is fully explained by Chief Justice Marshall in Ogden v. Saunders, 12 Wheat. 342. The Providence Bank v. Billings, 4 Peters, 514, determined that a state may tax a bank which it had chartered, because the state power of taxation. is part of the original contract. Jackson v. Lamphire, 3 Peters, 280, decides that a general act authorizing commissioners to settle all disputes in one countyis not unconstitutional. But in the opinion of the court pronounced in that case it is said that even recording and limitation acts, though within the discretion of a legislature, may be so unreasonably enacted as to require a judicial check. The difference is plain between this New York and this Rhode Island case, and the case in question but the very circumstance of their being contested proves with what extreme jealousy.all exceptive and ex post facto laws are viewed in courts of justice. There are several

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
cases in the 1Pennsylvania Reports which may be referred to as countenancing the acts against Nicholson: but upon exammation every one of them will be found distinguishable. Underwood v. Lilly, 10 Serg. & Rawle, 97-; Bambaugh v. Bambaugh, 11 Serg. & Rawle, 192, Barnet v. Barnet, 15 Serg. & Rawle, 72. By posterior act, the legislature might have raised an administrator to Nicholson's estate without requiring security, as usual, might have directed the sheriff to sell, dispensing with the ordinary methods and stages of execution, might have sub.tituted the governor's - arrant for the judicial writ of execution. But however the process might have been changed, it could not be annulled. The contract required judicial proceeding, and could be satisfied with none other. Whenever an individual enters into a contract, he assents to abide by L,.e administration of justice common to the jurisprudence of his country, but to none other. 12 Wheat. 285.
It'is thus supposed to be established 1st. Thdt there were the contracts of 1785, 1794 and 1797. 2d. That they were unpaired. 3d. By extra-judicial enforcement.
In connexion with this position it will be convenient to consider the last; to wit, that the acts in question violate the fundamental principles of universal justice, The first and great adjudication on this subject, is Vanhorn v. Dorrance, 2 Dall. 304, which determines that a party state cannot by legislation alter its contracts; that it is not competent for the legislature of such state to judge of the necessity of altering such contracts; that no state can take away private property by special and individuated legislation, nor when private property is taken, by even general legislation, can the legislature settle the compensation to be allowed, which must be referred to the impartial umpirage of the judiciary There is an inplied contract between every state and every individual citizen of it, that all laws contrary to natural reason or justice, are void. The English cases on this subject are collected in 1 Kent's Coin. 420.
In England, where there is no written constitution, acts of parliament contrary to natural equity, such as make one a judge in his own cause, are void. Day v. Savage, Hob. 87. Now there is no difference between the case of the individual and that of the state, except that as the state is much more formidable, a multo fortiori, should the judiciary prevent its
VOL. IIL-3 1

SUPREME COURT.
(Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
attempts to judge in its own cause. No government of laws is authorized to enact exceptional provisions, striking at one citizen-or one family, and depriving them of the benefit of the law common to all the rest. The sovereign people commit no such trust to a legislature. A legislature would be the most dangerous of all despotisms if it may single out an individual, as m this instance, post factum and post mortem, depriving his family of the law common to all the rest of the community, but closing the courts of justice against that family alone. The first principle of the social zompact is, that no one of its members shall do himself justice, but seek it through the public authority with which its dispensation is deposited: hence the. maxim, that every citizen is under the safeguard of the law; Toullier, vol. 1, p. 168, and is it not the worst conceivable violation of tus principle, for the society in its dispute with an individual to undertake to xegulate it itself, without suffering .the interposition of the judiciaryl ,The state, on this occasion, in fact, proceeded not in its sovereign capacity, but as a common creditor, and usurped all the powers, legislative, judiciary, and executive, which in every well regulated government are always,kept distinct. It is high time to restore the true sense according to the plain language of the constitution, prohibiting all ex post facto legislation, instead of confining it to criminal cases, as has been generally done, owing to an early but total misapprehension of the law. The provision against ex post facto laws is twice repeated by the constitution of the United States; first, to prohibit congress, and, secondly, the several states, from the enactment of such laws. It is also in the constitution of Pennsylvania. the restriction on congress obviously embraces both criminal and civil cases; bill of attainder being used for the one, and ex post facto laws for the other. The clause restricting the states expressly comprehends all expost facto laws as well as any bill of attainder. And the context shows that this clause Is, dealing with unlimited prohibition. The states surrender the whole power without reserve. The constitution establishes the general principle of the inviolability of contracts. Ogden v. Saunders, 12 Wheat. 312. The universal law was so before the constitution, which is but declaratory of it. 12 Wheat. 303, 304, Federalist,.No. 44. What right then has any judicial magistrate to put upon these provisions of the constitu-

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
tion alimitation not to be found in either the letter or the spirit? The mischievous influence of Blackstone's unsupported
dictum, for which no authority can be vouched, but which is contrary to all English law, suggested the ill considered notion of judicial interpolation that has gained ground in'this country. Legislation cannot be retroactive, for then it becomes adjudication. To regulate the past is judicial, to regulate the future is legislative. Toullier, vol. 1, sec. 1, p. 18. It is a first principle of the jurisprudence of all free people, having written constitutions, that legislation must be prospective and general, not retrospective or mdi iduated. 1 Toullier, 96, Montesq. Esp. de Loix, liv. 11, ch. 6, liv. 6, ch. 5. A Turkish firman, or Russian ukase, by which a community or individual deteyrmnes and executes his own cause, without judicial intervention, would be contrary to the general sense of mankind. The instances oflaws which are void, as against common right, mentioned m the case of Calder v. Bull, 3 Dall. 388, are laws punishing innocent actions, violating existing laws, impairlng private contracts, making a person judge in his own uause, taking property from one and giving it to another" authority to make such laws is not among the powers intrusted to legislatures. They cannot revoke their own grants. Terret v. Taylor, 9 Cra. 45, United States v. Arredondo, 6 Peters, 728. Even a constitutional power unreasonably exercised, this court has declared would be void. Jackson v. Lamplure, 3 Peters, 280. Whether an act of legislation must be contrary to the constitution as well as first principles, and whether all ex post facto legislation of the states is void, are questions upon which the federal judges have not been perfectly agreed. Judge Chase affirms these positions; Judge Iredell denies them in Calder v. Bull, 3 Dall. 388, 389; Judge Patterson's argument in Van.horn v. -.orrance, strongly implies his agreement with Judge Chase, with whom Chief Justice Marshall agrees; indeed, it appears to be the judgment of the court, m Fletcher v. Peck, 6 Cra. 132, 133, 135. It is denied by Judge Washington in Beach v. Woodruff, Peters's C. C. Rep. 6, and in Satterlee v. Matthewson, 2 Peters, 413 yet he appears in principle to acknowledge it in Ogden v. Saunders, 12 Wheat. 266, 267. In Fletcher v. Peek, 6 Cranoh, 143, Judge Johnson strenuously asserts, that the constitution of the United States forbidi all ey

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
post facto legislation, civil as well as criminal, as he does again in 12 Wheat. 286, and in his elaborate note in the appendix to 2 Peters, 281. The same ground is most ably occupied by the supreme court of New York in Dash v. Van Kleeck, 7 Johns. 493, 501,-509; and in Stoddard v. Smith, 5 Bin. 370, Judge Brackenridge says, that the notion of confining ex post facto to criminal'laws, is merely American. Certainly such is not the language of the constitution, nor the spirit, the reason, or the policy. At least, when states are parties to a contract, they ought not to be permitted to enact ex post facto laws concerning it. The supreme court of Massachusetts in a late case have added an able argument to their judgment against it. Picquet's Case, 5 Pick. Rep. 65.
The acts in question take private property, and apply it to public use, without just compensation, and for injury thus inflicted, they refuse remedy according to due course of law. it is the common law of all nations, that private property cannot be taken by an act of state, without individual consent or judicial umpirage. Vanhorn v. Dorrance, 2 Dal. 314, Picquet's Case, 5 Pick. 65; Pickering v. Rutty, 1 Serg. & Rawle, 511, ,Hallam's Constitutional History, 36. In France the charter requires indemnity to be paid before the property is taken. In no country, it is submitted, can even a tax be imposed upon one individual alone.
The acts violate the right of trial by jury; any process to enforce the lien would have called in the heirs, who might have pleaded payment, release or satisfaction, which would have been tried by jury. The court had power, and it is every day's practice, to direct issues to'try facts after judgment. Wherever there is a court of chancery, that might have interposed. But in Pennsylvania there is no such court, though its principles are recognized and tdministered. Pollard v. Shaffer, 1 Dall. 214, Ebert v. Wood, 1 Bin. 217, Murray v. Williamson, 3 Bin. 135; Jordan v. Cooper, 3 Serg. & Rawle, 578. The charge denies that there was any fact to tryor that Nicholson's property suffered for want of jury trial. But it is submitted that the state might have been compelled to prove as a fact, how much Nicholson remained indebted, if any thing. Legal representatives, oreditors, terre-tenants, might have applied to the courts, on motion, to ·question the lumping sales, arbitrary compromises, compulsory

JANUARY TERM- 1833.
[Lessee ofLivingston v. Moore and others.]
partitions, extravagant charges, and other impositions which are inflicted by the obnoxious acts. The heirs of Nicholson contend, that, on a full settlement of accounts, he owes her nothing. Yet all his estates were confiscated without satisfying her alleged demand, though it is said that there was no question to try, nor any injustice to complain of.
By his contract with the state, Nicholson was entitled, not merely to judicial enforcement of the lien, but to the established methods of execution. The common law, vouchsafing land from execution, was repealed in Pennsylvania as early as 1705, by a statute which makes many carewl and tender provisions to protect debtors from harsh and hasty. proceedings.
This long established law is familiar and dear to the people-of that state, and must have been contemplated by both parties when this lien was arranged. 1 Dallas's Laws of Pennsylvama, 67, 1 Smith's Laws of Pennsylvania, 57. Every execution, it is expressly provided, shall be like the English-elegit. Inquisition and condemnation are indispensable. The charge calls this a boon, which the state might revoke at pleasure, and asks who suffered for the want of it in this instance. If it is in the contract, that question does not meet the difficulty, though it is easily answered. Nicholson's family and creditors, and the state, all suffered by its extra-judicial confiscation of his lands. If, instead of being sacrificed at commissioner's sales, they had been sold by due course of law, with all its benignant delays and methods of execution, with opportunity of applying to court to regulate them, and of writ of error to the highest court, there was property enough to have paid all that the state or private creditors demanded of Nicholson, and to have left a principality for his family.
Sales in mass, and not by parcels, as these acts require, are contrary to the established practice of Pennsylvania. Rowly v. Webb, 1 Bin. 61, Ryerson v. Nicholson, 2 Yeates, 516.
By the acts in question the commissioners were empowered to average, compromise, seize and sell all the lands at any sacrifice, buy at their own sales, compel partition, seize all Nicholson's private papers wherever found, the asylum company are compelled to give up his shares, and the commissioners are stimulated by a bounty of ten per celit on all the confiscations. An act of legislation assumes that an individual

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
is indebted, assumes a lien for the debt, decrees confiscation of all his estates, enacts a title to purchasers, and forbids all judicial revision. The second section of the act of 1807 declares that the proceedings thus consummated, shall be but prima facie evidence of the grantee's title. It is a. title by forfeiture, the infirmity of which is acknowledged by the very act of its creation, which invites judicial ascertaimnent. But that act excluding all direct means of such 'ascertamment, none other is left but such as the present action, to determine collaterally the validity of the acts of assembly, thus shQwn to be unconstitutional and void.
2. It is denied that the state had any lien against Nicholson, or that he was indebted to it'at all, to prove which, his family relied on the treasury books and the following acts of assembly, to show that his accounts remained unsettled when he died m the year 1800, viz. Act of 20th April 1794, 3 Dal Laws of Penn. 790; Act of 4th April 1796, sect. 12, 4 Dal. Laws of Penn. 66, Act of 5th April 1797, sect. 1 and 8, 4 Dal. Laws of Penn. 175, Act of 4th April 1798, sect. 1 and 6, 4 Dal. Laws of Penn. 268, Act of 11th April 1799, sect. 4 and 7, 4 Dal. Laws of Penn. 488.
Notwithstanding these provisions, those of the arts of 1782 and 1785, and the exclusive keeping of all Nicholson's papers, of which the state possessed itself, there never was a legal settlement of his accounts,.which remain open on the-treasury books to this day, and no one can tell upon what settlement the state relies, whether fiscal or judicial. The first judgment of the state, entered the 18th December 1795, was obtained in a suit brought before Nicholson was out of office, in which no execution ever issued, and wich expired for want of revival. The fiscal settlements, dated in 1796, are all on stock balances, carried to new accounts, without any settlement in money, as the law requires. They are, therefore, but liquidations of particular accounts, and not a balance of all the respective demands between the parties, struck m money. The agreement of attorneys, by which the judgment was confessed in 1797, stipulates for-future settlements, which precludes the idea of actual settlement. The question then is., whether, and how the state got the lien which it assumed.
Lien is a privilege strictissimi juris, a preference, hold or

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
incumbrance, in the nature of a judgment, not favoured in law, nor to be extended by construction. It is dormant, cautionary and incapable of activity, till put in force by another impulse. It is not specific like a mortgage, jus in re, but general, merely ad rem. It does not levy, dispossess or put in possession, and has none of the properties of execution. Gibbs v. Gibbs, 1 Dal. 371, Blamr v. The Ship Charles Carter, 3 Cranch, 332, Thellusson v. Smith, 2 Wheat. 396, Conard v. The Atlantic Insurance Company, 1 Peters, 442. Liens, being in derogation of common law, are to be construed strictly, and enforced literally. With respect to them,. form is substance. The twelfth section of the act of 1785, 2 Dal. Laws of Penn. 251, requires that in order to constitute a lien, there must be, 1, debt; 2, settlement;- 3, by the proper officers; 4, in the prescribed manner; 5, with notice to the debtor; 6, the-whole of whose accounts must be settled, 7, and the balance struck in current money; 8, that balance reported 'to the executive; 9, and. entered at large in the treasury books. Not one of these requisites can be shown in the alleged settlement.
The difficulty the plaintiffs have to contend with here is not construction of the various provisions of the acts of assembly, which all.speak a clear ann satisfactoiy language, but an adverse decision of the supreme court of the state in the case of Smith against Nicholson, 4 Yeates, 6, which decision the circuit cturt adopted as right in itself, and binding the judgment of that court, even though wrong It was an abstract question, stated and submitted by agreement of parties, to which the legal representatives of Nicholson were not a party, nor was it determined in the highest court of the state, which at the time of that decision was the high court of errors and appeals, since abolished. It would not therefore be binding even in the courts of the state, Bevan against Taylor, 7 Serg. & Rawle, 401. In a controversy between a state and one of its citizens, a court of that -state should not depnve him of the benefit of the revision of the supreme court of the United States, provided the case.be such as to give the latter jurisdiction. If the laws in question should, be deemed invalid by this court, it cannot surrender its judgment to that of the state court. The series of its adjudications on this subject is as follows: M'Kean v. Delancy, 5 Cranch, 32, Mutual Assurance Socety v. Watts's Executors, I Wheaton, 290;.Ship v. Miller, 2Wheaton,

-SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
325, Thatcher v. Powel, 6 Wheaton, 127, Elmendorfv. Taylor, 10 Wheaton, 159, Jackson v. Chew, 12 Wheaton, 162, Inglis v The Trustees of the Sailors' Snug Harbour, 3 Pet. 127, Henderson v Griffin, 5 Pet. 155, Cathcart v. Robinson, 5 Pet. 234, Taylor v. Thompson, 5 Pet. 368, Hinde v. Vattier, 5 Pet. 401, Ross v. M'Clung, 6 Pet. 283, Green v. Neal,
6 Pet. 291. The principles to be extracted from all these cases are,
that they are binding only when they establish general rules of property, perhaps -of evidence, adjudged in the highest state courts, and being, like the common law or acts of assembly, uniform and universal m their operation. But though binding they are not conclusive. This court is to examine and judge for itself. If the courts of the United States surrender their judgment to those of the states,, it is a concession .of vast amount. Respect is due, uniformity is desirable, but submission would take from the courts of the United States their supremacy and usefulness. Even state legislation has never been suffered to change the practice of the federal courts. Wayman v. Southard, 10Wheaton, 1. The case of Smith and Nicholson not having been adjudged by the highest court of the state, not establishing any general'rule of property or of evidence, and not adjudging the question presented by this case, is therefore not a binding authority. In that case the question of settlement was taken for granted, together with that of notice, and all the other positions contested in this case, except whether the governor's sanction is indispensable to him. The general construction and operation of the act of 1785, in connection with all the other acts of assembly which tend to explain it as now submitted, was never presented.
If, notwithstanding these views, this court should uphold the lien, it becomes necessary to inquire whether it had not expired before the acts of 1806 and 1807 assumed its existence. The judgment of 1795 expired in 1802, for want of scire facias to revive it. The judgment of 1797 is inconsistent with the fiscal lien of 1796, for can there be two liens for the same debt I lien is a thing incompatible with another title, it is a single hold or incumbrance excluding all other rights of otherclaimants, and all' other claims of the same claimant, to the thing bound by th lien, Alien claimant loses his lien by let-

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee of 11nngston v. Moore and others.]
ting go of it for an instant, or by taking other security for the debt. Kaufelt v. Bower, 7 Serg. & Rawle, 73, Cranston v. The Philadelphia Insurance Company, 5 Bin. 540, Ramsey v. Allegre, 12 Wheaton, 612, Collins v. Ongley, 3 Selwyn, N. P. 1163. There may be double security and several remedies, as bond and mortgage, or covenant and distress; Gordon v. Correy, 5 Bin. 552, Bantleon v. Smith, 2*Bin. 146, but there cannot be two liens for the same thing. It is not a question of extingmshment but of election. The state was bound to choose and did choose, relying on the lien by the judgment of 1797, which gave a plain and adequate recourse, instead of the fiscal settlement of 1796, which was involved in doubt and difficulty. The fiscal lien never was set up iintil several years after Nicholson's death, when it was found that the lien of the judgment proved abortive. The only reliance was that judgment, and that was suspended or satisfied in law by several-of the executions under it, one of which was staid by the plaintiff's order, another not executed by order of the comptrollergeneral of the state, and a third levied on real estate which was subjected-to inquisition, condemnation, and venditiom exponas, yet outstanding. The general rule of law and reason under such circumstances is that the debt is discharged. Little v. Delancy, 5 Bin. 267. The whole liability is transferred to the sheriff.
It may be moreover alleged that the state has a lien by Nicholson's death insolvent. But first, there is no proof that he died insolvent, and secondly, if he did, all debts due to the commonwealth of Pennsylvania are postponed to all other debts by the fourteenth section of the intestate act of 1794. "3Dal. Laws of Pennsylvania, 357, 3 Smith's edition of the Laws of Pennsylvania, 145. The lien was but a debt, in which.case it has been settled by the courts of that state, that it must take its place after certain other debts. Moliere v. Noe, 4 Dal.. 450, Scott v. Ramsey. 1 Bin. 221. There were many judgments and liens of individual creditors preceding those of the state, which by law outrank it, and indeed it was to foredtall those very creditors when their advantages were ascertained, that the legislature recurred to the fiscal lien of 1796, which the acts of assembly assume.
Lastly There are four exceptions on points of evidence. VOL. VTI.-.4 N

SUPREME COURT.
(Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
1st. The journal of the house of representatives of Pennsylvania was offered to prove that the same stuns and the same stock as claimed under the alleged fiscal lien were claimed in the action of trover. 2d. The same journal was offered to show the report of a committee to the saroe effect. 3d. The appendix to another report of a committee was offered to show that Nicholson's accounts were unsettled. All this testimony was rejected. Office registers, church registers, and parish registers are received m evidence as public documents made by disinterested persons. The books of any public corporation are evidence of its acts and proceedings. Owings v. Speed, 2 Stark. Evid. 177, 5 Wheat. 420. Why, then, are not the acts of"the constituted authorities of a state evidence against it The state took defence in this case, and can it be a well founded objection, after several laws of the state were read in evidence, that the proceedings of committees of the legislature were not also evidence, because they had not become enactmentsl The case of Kelly v. Jackson, 6 Pet. 630, is supposed to settle this point.
The Is Jger of the treasury was offered to show.that the accounts between the state and Nicholson remain unsettled, and rejected on the ground that the ledger is not a book of original entries, and that the accounts are incomplete. But as the state was deinding its grantees the defendants, proof from any book or account kept by the officers of the state, whether onginal or not, and however incomplete, would be good evidence against the state. The error in ruling this point must be imputed to a misapprehension that the ledger was offered by the state, instead of being offered against it.
Mr Binney, for the defendants in error, stated that Mr Sergeant and himself appeared in support of the judgment of the circuit court, by the appointment of the governor of Pennsylvania, under certain resolutions of the legislature.
The case in that court was an ejectment by the heirs of John Nicholson for two tracts of-land in Franklin county, the title of which was admitted to be in them, unless divested by certain alleged liens and proceedings of the state of Pennsylvania. By agreement the proceedings by the state were to be set up as a defence, and the question whether the title of

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
John Nicholson and his heirs was divested by them, was to be brought forward and submitted on its merits. The case therefore turned upon this defence, the history of which may be briefly stated.
In March and December 1796, certain accounts between the state and John Nicholson were settled in the department -of accounts, by which he was found a debtor to the state in large amounts. On these settlements the state claimed to have a lien on John Nicholson's real estate throughout the commonwealth. In December 1795 and March- 1797, the state obtained judgments against hun for large sums. On these judgments a similar lien was asserted. In 1806 and 1807, the legislature passed two acts authorzing commissioners under a warrant by, the governor to sell the lands of John Nicholson in satisfaction of these liens. At sales under this process, the defendants bought and entered into possession, and continued in possession more than twenty-one years without question, the youngest of the children of John Nitholson having been of age twelve years before the institution of the ejectment, and four of them having been of age at the time of the sales.
The plaintiffs contended, 1. That none of the accounts were so settled as to have become valid liens. 2. That the judgments were not a lien. 3. That the acts of 1806 and 1807 were unconstitutionaland void. The charge was on all the points to the contrary, and the opinion of the court was also adverse, to the plaintiffs in overruling certain- matters offered in evidence, and to be hereafter noticed. The questions consequently are, whether there is error in the court's opinion -either in: charge to the jury, or in rejection of the offered testi-. mony.
The acts of assembly of Pennsylvania which bear upon the 'subject, require to be more particularly stated.
At all times, before as well as since the revolution, Pennsylvama has had a special tribunal for the settlement 'of public accounts concerning her revenue and expenditures. Prior to the act of the 13th of April 1782, this tribunal consisted of three auditors named by the assembly, whose certificate was conclusive in an action against the debtor. Act of 1st March 1780, sect. 5, M'Kean's ed. of Laws, 287. On the 18th of

SUPREME COURT
(Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
April 1782, an act was passed to establish the comptrollergeneral's office, 2 State Laws, 44. In this office all public accounts were to be settled, and then transmitted with the vouchers- to the supreme executive council. If approved by the council, and a balance was found due by the state, a warrant was to be drawn by the president of the council upon the state treasurer. If a balance was found due to the state, it was made the duty of the comptroller-general to take the most effectual steps to recover it, by filing a certificate of the debt m the office of the prothonotary or clerk of the county court, and taking a warrant against the -body, and distress against the goods, and if there were none, then a fieri facias against the debtor's lands. The act makes no express provision for nonapproval of the settlement by the council. It gives neither appeal from the council, nor trial,by jury to the debtor, and it does not make the settlement a lien. By this act John Nicholson was appointed comptroller-general.
On the 18th February 1785, an act was passed, entitled "An act to give the benefit of'trial by jury to the public officers of this state, and to other persons who shall be proceeded against in a summary manner by the comptroller-general of this state." It allows an appeal by the debtor to the supreme court within one month after notice of a settlement approved by council, upon his giving security m the nature of special bail to prosecute the appeal, and as a necessary counterpoise to the right of appeal, the twelfth section enacts, "that the settiement of any public account by the comptroller, and confirmation thereof by the supreme executive council, whereby ia'ny balance or sum of money shall be found due from any person to the commonwealth, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a lien on all the real estate of such person throughout this state, in the same manner as if judgment had been given in favour of the commonwealth against such person for such debt m the supreme court." 2 State Laws, 247.
The law of Pennsylvama thus remained until the 28th March 1789, when an act was passed "for the appointment of a register-general, for the purpose of registering the accounts of this state." 2 State Laws, 704.
This act was the commencement of an effort to introduce into the accounting-department a check on-the power of John

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
Nicholson, of whom the assemblybecame jealous, and whom they had not the power to displace. It directed the comptroller-general to submit all accounts before he settled the same to the register-general, and to take his advice m making such settlements; but the act was defective in several points, and especially in not requiring that the vouchers should be submitted with the accounts.
A supplement. was passed on the 30th September 1789, 2 State Laws, 751, to remedy this defect, and it ordered the comptroller-general to state, adjust, and strike the balance, and to report his opinion with the vouchers to the registergeneral, and to take his advice before final allowance.
This act was defective as well as the former, in making the office of the register-general merely advisory, without providing for a difference of opinion, or obliging the comptroller-general to follow the advice given, which it may be presumed, from what follows, that he showed no disposition to do.
The act of 1st April 1790, 2 State Laws, 787, was then passed, which, as to all subsequent accounts, directed the register-general in the first instance to examine, liquidate and adjust them, and afterwards to transmit them with the vouchers to the comptroller-general for his examnnation and approbation. If they agreed, the register was to transmit the account and vouchers as before to the council. As this act made the register-general the officer to settle public accounts, the fifth section enacted that "all such settlements of accounts shall have the like force and effect, and be subject to the like appeal at the instance of the party, as settlements heretofore made by the comptroller-general."
The law stood thus at the adoption of the present constitution of Pennsylvania on the 2d September 1790, when a single executive naving been substituted for the council, successive acts of 14th January, 13th April, and 21st September 1791, 3 State Laws, 3, 73, 113, were passed, to give to the governor the power of performing all duties enjoined upon the council by former acts of assembly, and among others, that.of revising and approving or disapproving the settlements of public accounts; but the last mentioned act provides, that all future accounts settled. by the comptroller and register, or either of them, shall be referred to the governor for his approbation, only

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.j
when they differ in opinion., and that in all cases where they agree, "1only the balances due on each account shall be certified to the governor, who shall thereupon proceed in like manner as if the said accounts respectively had been referred to him according to the former laws upon the subject." By this act the governor was authorized "in like manner and upon the same conditions as heretofore," to allow appeals, or to mause suits to be,instituted.
On the 4th April 1792, a further act was passed, entitled "An act to provide for the settlement of public accounts, and for other purposes therein mentioned." It was in the main a condensation of the existing system of accounts. It repeated several provisions then in force, added others not material, and repealed "so much of any former act as was thereby altered or supplied, and no more." *The second section ena ted, that when accounts were finally settled, either by the comptroller-general and register-general, or in case of their disagreement, by the governor, the comptroller and register were each to enter the same in suitable books, and upon such entry jointly to certify the balance, and the fund out of which it was payable, to the governor, who was to draw his warrant upon the treasurer for the amount.
John Nicholson continued comptroller-general under this system until the 11th April 1794, when he resigned Ins office.
But one act in regard to the settlement of accounts remains to be noticed. It was passed on the 20th April 1795, and is entitled "An act to provide for.the settlement of the accounts of John Nicholson, late comptroller-general." 3 State Laws, 790. It authorizes the comptroller-generalto employ clerks in adjusting John Nicholson's accounts, and as often as the accounts, or such parts of them as are independent of other parts, have received his approbation, it requires hun to transmit them to the register-general, to be proceeded on as is directed in case of other accounts. It further requires the comptroller and register to make separate reports to the -next session, of their progress in the settlement. of these accounts.
In this state of the law, the three accounts which are in question were settled. The first was on the 3d and 8th March 1796, in which the comptroller-general preceded the register. This was during the, next session of the Legislature,-after the

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
act of 20th April 1795. The second was on the 20th and 22d December 1796, in which the register preceded the comptroller. The third was on the 20th December 1796, in which both officers signed on the same day.
I. The court charged the jury, "that these accounts between John Nicholson and the commonwealth or some of them, were so settled and adjusted, that the balances or sums of money thereby found due to the commonwealth, were good and valid liens on all the real estate of John Nicholson throughout the state of Pennsylvania."
This is a pure question of law, turning, 1, on the accounts produced by the plaintiffs themselves, and 2, on the acts of assembly already stated, and they will be examined in this order.
1. The accounts produced. If any accounts settled by the register and comptrollergeneral have the lien attributed, it is supposed that these have it. A few characteristics of them will be shown, and then the objections will be noticed. It is sufficient for the judgment, if some one of them had a lien. The court was not asked to say which of them, nor whether all had. It was indeed immaterial if any one of them had it, but it will be contended to have been the effect of each one of them. They'were settled by the register and comptroller-general, with whom, by the acts of 4th April 1792, and 20th April 1795, this power was deposited, and they agreed. They were settled in due official order. If the act of 20th April 1795 is wholly inoperative, or if its operation continued beyond the session of 1795-1796, still there are two accounts which are settled by these officers in the proper order of precedence. If the register must examine first, he has so signed the account of 20th and 22d December 1796, and the court in support of an official act, will intend that he first examined and signed that account which presents the same date to both signatures. If the comptroller must examine first according to the act of 20th April 1795, he has so signed the account of 3d and 8th March, and it will be for the same reason intended that he signed and examined first the account of 20th December. If the act of 20th April 1795 only suspended the usual order

SUPREME COURT
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
of examination until the end of the next session, which is its true construction, then all the accounts are settled in due order. The order, however, is immaterial, as both officers are empowered by law to perform the same acts, and both have performed them.
They find a balance or sum of money due by John Nicholson to the commonwealth. The question is not whether it is regularly due, but whether the settlementfinds it to be due, of which there is no doubt. The clear meamng of the accounts on their face, is, that there, is a balance found due by John Nicholson to the commonwealth. The account settled is the "settlement of an account." Interpreted as all accounts should be, expressing in the short language of accounts a well known meaning, they find John Nicholson a debtor to the commonwealth, m the sums necessaryto balance the accounts. No court wants an interpreter to explain this. It is the plain and umversally understood language of accounts, and what it means is no more a matter of disputable fact, than what the Arabic numerals in the columns mean. The account thus settled, is what the act means to describe as "the settlement of an account whereby a balance shall be found due." No other terms or finding can be necessary. The finding is the settlement, and the settlement is the account settled. The balance of each account is a sum of money with which he is charged, because the items of debit which exceed the credits, are sums of money, and the account is a money account in the lawful currency of the day of settlement, and not in the currency in which the certificates charged were themselves expressed. One of the accounts is doubtless'in regard to continental certificates, but they are estimated and charged at a certain price, in the then money or currency of the country, according to the authontW given to the accounting officer, by the act of 13th April .1782, to charge the value of public property and effects not accounted for. Continental certificates account, is merely a denomination of the particular account, to show the origin of charge and discharge. lferchandise account, stock account, funded debt account, are not the less accounts in monej, because they are so headed in the ledger. So of account in continentalcertificates, or threeper cent stock account, which is the language of these -settlements.

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
Whether they are charged at too high a rate or otherwise, is
nio question here. Finally; they are public accounts, and thus complete the de-
scription in the act of 1785. The objections to this view are the following. The balances were not certified to the governor according to the
act of 21st September 1791. The answers are, First, that this was unnecessary when a balance was found due to the commonwealth. The object of the certitcate was, that the governor might proceed in like manner as if the account had been referred to him according to former laws. The act of 13th
April 1782, sect. 2, is the only act which regulated the proceeding, namely, that when a balance was due by the state, the executive was to draw a warrant on the treasurer, and when due to the -state, that the comptroller should take steps for speedy recovery. The act of September 1791 did not mean that the comptroller and register should certify a balance to the governor, upon which he was to do nothing. Secondly, if the certificate was ever necessary in such a case, it was not to give the lien. The certificate was first required by the act of September 1791. The lien is given by the act of 1785. The lien, if it attaches at all, does so immediately. There is no limitation of time to the certificate. If the omission to transmit it has any effect, it is merely to keep the appeal open, or to suspend the charge of interest. But there is no question here either as to appeal or interest. The lien is, and always has been, independent of both.
The acts suppose but one settlement on which the lien is to arise, and here areseveral, and after all there were still accounts unsettled between the parties. The answers are, First, that no act requires, or supposes all accounts to be settled at once, nor is it reasonable, unless they are dependent parts of the same account. The accounts in question purport, two out of three, to be independent accounts, and the third is but a contimuation of one of the former, in consequence of a payment by the debtor, which changed the balance. Secondly, uon constat, there were other accounts between the parties at that time. Thirdly, the act of 20th April 1795 authorizes a separation of the accounts-into.
independent -arts. Fourthly, the lien, if it exists, belongs to VOL. VII.-3 0

SUPREME COURT.
ILessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
the final settlement of an account, not to the settlement of a final account.
The accounts were not entered mnthe books of the regzster and of the Qomptroller-general,according to the second section of the act of 4th.8pril1792. The answers are, First, that if necessary by law, it must be presumed they were so entered, as it was the iluty of the officers, and it does not appear but that they performed it. Secondly, the accounts on their face, show that they were entered at the date of the settlement. The memorandum on the account of 20th December 1796, that it was not entered until June 1800, was shown by the evidence to be an interpolation by a stranger. Thirdly, the entry in the books is no part of the settlement, nor connected with it. The design of it was exclusively fiscal, to show the resources of the commonwealth, and her liabilities, by an index of her debts and credits.
.No notice of the ntended settlement was gzven to the debtor. The answers are, First, that notice was not'necessaryby the act. It was made the duty of the debtor to submit his own account for settlement, and it is to be presumed that he did. Secondly, if necessary, the presumption of law after such a length of time, and nothing appearing to the contrary, is, that the officers did their duty. This presumption is made on the principle of quieting possession, of sustaining official acts, and of supposing that things which it would have been culpable to omit, were rightly done. Hillary v. Waller, 12 Yes. 252, 226, Eldridge v. Knott, Cowp. 215; Pickering v. Stamford, 2 Yes. Jun. 583, King v. Long Buckley, .7 East, 45, Society v. Young, 2 N. Hamp. Rep. 310, Brown v. Wood, 17 Mass. 72, Hartwell v. Root, 19 Johns. 345, Williams v. East India Company, 3 East, 192, Monke v. Butler, 1 Roll. Rep. 83, King v. Hawkins, 10 East, 216, King v. Verelst, 3 Campb. 432, Taylor v. Cook, 8 Price, 653, Wilkinson v Leland, 2 Peters, 660, Ex parte Bollman, 4 Cranch, 129, Willink v Miles, 1 Peters's C. C. Rep. 429, United States v. Batchelder, 2 Gall. 16, Fales v. Whitney, 7 Pick. 225; Starkie on Ev. 4th part, 1250. Thirdly, the public act of 20th April 1795, was notice. And lastly, the accounts produced on the plaintiff's subpcena to Harrisburg, were proof of actual notice. They tear date before the two settlements in Decemoer 1796, and were prepaxatory to them. Possession

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee of ivingston v. Moore and others.]
of these by John Nicholson and his counsel, which was in undisputed proof, was such evidence of notice, that being uncontradicted, the court was entitled to say to the jury, that they ought to suppose notice. It. is not admitted that the judge was asked to leave notice to the jury as a matter of iact.
The settlements were merged in the judgment of ,JAarch 1797. Transit in ren judicatam. The answers are, First, it is not shown that the judgment was for the same debt as the settlement, nor was the court asked to instruct the jury upon that hypothesis. This court will not infer a fact from the mere similarity of items, to involve the circuit court in error. Secondly, the doctrine of extinguishment, as drawn from the principle transitin rem judicatam, applies only to the very cause of action in suit, and does not affect collateral securities or collateral concurrent remedies. The cause of action in that suit was not the settlement, nor the settled account, but the trover and conversion of certain certificates of stock. The settlement remains as it was, with all its incidents and securities. 'Had the cause of action been the debt due, it would not have altered the case. The settlement remained, and if a lien attended it, the lien also remained. A judgment without satisfaction is not an extingmshment of a collateral remedy for the same cause of action. Chipman v. Martin, 13 Johns. 240, Bantleon v. Smith, 2 Binn. 146, 'Day v. Seal, 14 Johns. 404, Gordon v. Corry, 5 Binn. 552, Houldebil v. Desanges, 2 Stark:N. P C. 397, Lenoxv. M'Call, 9 Serg. and Rawle, 302; Drake v. Mitchell, 3 East, 258.
The settlenewnts were waived by brnging tort for the stock, and the contract of.the accounts cannot now be set up. The answers are that the identity of the demands is not established by evidence, that if it were, it was the duty of the debtor to avail himself of the objection by pleading the settlements. Not having done so,. he is in- the case of a defendant who suffers judgment both in tort and contract for the same thing. All he can object to is double satisfaction, and that question does not anse. The judgment in trover is-not a waiver of the settlement, because it is entirdly consistent with it, both proceeding upon the ground of converting or not accounting for the public money. The conflict between tort and assumpsit spnngs from forms of action, and is entirely technical.

SUPREME COURT.
tLessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.)
2. These accounts then having been duly settled, and followed by a lien as much as any accounts could be, the question arises whether any accounts settled in 1796, agreeably to the acts of assembly then in force, were attended by a lien.
A lien was at one period given to a settlement in the accounting department beyond doubt. It has never been expressly repealed, nor has the law been expressly supplied or altered in this respect, so as to bring the twelfth section of the act of 1785, within the repealing clause in the eleventh section of the act of 1792. The question then is, whether the system of accounting has been so changed, as that the security intend-
and given by the act of 1785, has become impracticable and is lost. The objections to such a view of the law are not easily obviated. The lien was given as a counterpoise to the right of appeal. The act of 1785 is an act giving and regulating appeals and the lien. There is no other subject introduced into it. Now the whole of the act, so far as it regards appeals, must be admitted to have continued in force, until after these settlements. An appeal continued to be the express right of the debtor under every subsequent modification of the law, and yet the act of 1785 was the only act to regulate the subject, until the act of the 20th of March 1811, Purdon, 764. The continuance of this part of the system is a powerful argument in favour of continuing the lien to the commonwealth, which alone reconciled the appeal with the public interest. The security of special bail was inadequate. The present accounting system of Pennsylvania, under the act of 1811, continues to connect appeal and lien together.
*The lien given by the act of 1785, belongs moreover to a settlement in 1796 by necessary implication, and also by express enactment.
First, by implication. In 1782, the department of accounts consisted of the comptroller, with a power of revision in the executive. The comptroller alone settled. The executive did not settle. The comptroller pronounced the judgment, the council approved or disapproved, and in the former case left the settlenrient in force as the judgment of the comptroller. This is the clear language of the act. The act of 1785 speaks in the same terms. The appeal is from the comptroller's settlement, from his award, and not from the council's colimation. The act.of, March 1789 is to the same etileCL. Before

JANUARY TERM 1883.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.1
the comptroller shall finlly settle an account, in pursuance of former laws, he is to transmit it to the register. The comptroller then was deemed to settle .the account finally. The acts of 30th of September 1789, and 1st of April 1790, repeat the provision. Further, when we recur to the twelfth section of the act of 1785, we perceive that the lien is given to the settlement by the comptroller confirmed by the council, but not to the confirmatioii of the council. It is given to the comptroller's settlement perfected according to law. The virtue of the proceeding is in his settlement sanctioned by the council, but not m the sanction of the council. In case of appeal it is his settlement that is established by the court, and not the sentence of confirmation by the council. The lien is given to that adjudication which finds the balance to be due, namely, the settlement by the comptroller, and not to the confirmation by council, which does not find any thing due, but only estab-. lishes the settlement. If we find then, as we do, that the sanction of the governor under the constitution of 1790, is substituted for that of the council under the constitution of 1776, and afterwards that in a certain event which exists in this case, to wit, the approbation of another officer, the executive sanction is superseded, it follows by necessary implication, that the settlement, either with the substituted sanction, or with no sanction at' all, is perfected to the same extent that was required by the act of 1785 to produce the lien. It is to be recollected that the act of the Ist of April 1790, which makes the register-general the settling officer, declares that all settlements by him shall have the like force and effect'as settlements before that time made by the comptroller. If therefore, a settlement by the comptroller after the change in the constitution, and the substitutioni of another sanction for that of the governor, would have given the lien, a settlement by the register approved by the comptroller, must do the same.
Secondly, by express enactment. The eleventh section of the act of 4th of April 1792, by repealing no part of any former act except such as.is by that act altered or supplied, transfers all the efficacy of the acts of 1782, 1785, 1789, 1790 and 1791, to settlements under the act of 1792, which these were: The act does not alter or supply the provisions in regard either to appeal or lien. It alters certain accidents of the settlement,

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
its form and the order of its parts, and supplies new provisions for them, but it expressly retains all those acts and parts of acts which give force, effect and substance to it.
These views are sustained by the general rules of interpretation, applied to several statutes in, pan mdteria, and particularly to affirmative statutes, made for the public security. They should be so construed as to retain the benefit of that security, which was essential to the public, to which there is nothing repugnant in any part of the old system, and w]ich has been expressly continued in the new. These statutes are to be taken into the. construction of one another, and to be interpreted as if they were different sections of the same statute. Earl ot Aylesbury v. Patterson), Doug. 30, Wallis v. Hodson, Barnard. Chan. Rep. 276, Anon. Lofft, 398, Foster's case, 11 Rep. 63, Chapman v. Pickersgill, 2 Wils. 146, New River v. Graves, 2Vern. 431, Eyston v. Studd, Plowd. 467, Yale v. King, 19 Vin. Ab. 517, Statutes, E. 6, 58; Plummer v. Whichcot, Tho. Jones, 63, Thornby v. Fleetwood, 10 Mod. 118, Johnes v. Johnes, 3 Dow. 15, Alcheson v. Everit, Cowp. 391.
The suggestion that this lien was taken away by the intestate law of the 19th of April 1794, which among creditors in equal degree postpones the commonwealth to the last, is wholly without foundation. That act does not disturb any lien, except in the case of a sale 'by order of the orphan's court, and then the court gives the lien creditor his priority by distribution of the proceeds. Moliere v. Noe, 4 Dall. 450, Girard v. M'Dermot, 5 Serg. and Rawle, 128.
This court will however, regard the charge of the circuit court on. the first point, as to the lien of these accounts or some of them, as sustained authoritatively by the decision of the supreme court of Pennsylvania. The case of Smith v. Nicholson, 4 Yeates, 6, in the year 1803, judicially affirmed the lien of these accounts, that case having presented precisely the same issue of law upon the same facts, and as it is a decision of the highest judicial tribunal of Pennsylvania, upon the interpretation of a statute of that state, this court will receive it as an authoritative exposition of the state law. The same interpretation was recognised and adopted by the same court, in the United States v. Nichols, 4 Yeates, 25, and it has been universally acquiesced in ith the exception 6f this

JANUARYr TERM 1833.
,[Lessee of Livingston v, Moore and others.]
suif, for thirty years." The state has legislated upon that basis. Purchasers hav6 bought and parted with their money in faith of it. The judgment creditors of John Nicholson, have one and all from that time yielded their priority to the commonwealth, and it is only by this acqmescence, and the consequent omission to pursue their executions, that an acre of land in Pennsylvania, has been left to his heirs, to raise the present question. To examine the arguments of eithei the counsel or the court m the printed report of that case, and to weigh or sift -the-reascns to ascertain whether they are-unanswerable, or the best that could have- been given, would be both invidious and at variance with the law of this. court, which adopts the state decision in such cases, not because it is abstractly right, but because it is the unreversed decision of the highest state court. Shipp v. Miller's heirs, 2 Wheaton, 325, Jackson v. Chew, 12 Wheaton, 168, Green v. Neal, 6 Peters, 291. "A fixed and received construction'of a statute by a state in its own courts, makes a part of the statute law"
If. The charge that the judgments were liens ihroughout the state of' Pennsylvania, was in accordance with the settled law of its courts. White v. Hamilton, 1 Yeates, 183, Ralston v. Bell, 2 Dall..158, Act of 5th-March 1790, 2 StateLaws, 771, sec. 2, Act of 18th February 1785, 2 State Laws, 221, sec. 12. The law so remained until the act of 20th March 1799, sec. 14, 3 Smith's Laws, 358. The objections made in this court, that the defendants cannot have the benefit of these judgments in the dteduction of title, because they are ndt referred to in the acts of 1806 and 1807, and because the liens were lost for want of a scire facias within five years, according to the act of April 1798, and further, because the largest judgment is interlocutory, are untenable. The acts of 1806 and 1807 speak of liens generally, embracing all liens for the debts of John Nicholson. The act of 1798 does not require a scire facias in such a case. Executions had been issued. Young v. Taylor, 2 Binney, 218; Pennock v, Hart, 8 Serg. and Rawle, 376. The object of the act was to protect purchasers, and, at most, other creditors. As to thie judgment debtor and his heirs, the lien is perpetual, The judgment of 1797 was in its terms final and conclusive, unless errors should be shown within the time limited, and nosuch errors were ever shown.

-SUPREME- COURT.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
111. The third point of the charge involves the -validity of the acts of 1806 and 1807.
An allegation that the statutes of Pennsylvania were, at the date of these acts, or at any time, designed to prostrate the constitution and the law, cannot receive the countenance of this court. The fidelity both of her legislature and courts, to the constitution and the law, their intelligence in comprehending them, and their deference to the constitutional umpirage of this court, are, and uniformly have been, equal to those of any other state in the union. In regard to the estates of John Nicholson, the act of 4th April 1805, 7 State Laws, 272, which authorizes the sale of the state lien and debts to members of his own family, with a credit of ten years for payment of the amount, and lhich failed from the entire incompetency of those estates to furnish the security, is an evidence of unsurpassed tenderness to a public debtor, and irrefutable proof that the acts in question were not passed with that purpose of aggression upon either public law or private rights, which it has been the plaintiff's effort to establish as their motive.
The consideration of the acts of 1806 and 1807 must be imperfect, unless it is connected with the state of circumstances at their enactment. The demands of the state had been established according to law, namely, by final settlement in the department of accounts, and by confession of the party, in the highest court of original jurisdiction in the state, with the fullest opportunity of trial by jury in both cases. The debtor was dead, and his heirs had removed to Louisiana. He had died m prison, and his estate was so desperately insolvent, that no administrationwas asked to it until after the institution of this suit. His means, and the public money by his misapplication of it, had been dissipated in land speculations through fifty counties, in every stage of title, from warrant and survey returned, to surveys qireturned and warrants unsurveyed. The whole was liable to be swept away bysales for taxes, before successive executions, according to the course of the courts, could have gone through a tenth of the counties. The title was moreover so involved, that a sale by the sheriff in the ordinary way would not have raised the costs. Individuals and associations also, by.such. devices as shipwreck commonly brings into action, endeavoured to conceal for their-own usea portion of the pro-,

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
perty that had been cast upon the strand, without regard to the legal clais of any one. The only hope of salvage consequently rested upon just such an interference as was authorized by these acts. Whether it was -constitutional is the question.
'The characteristics of both the acts, are essentially the same. They are, First, to raise the money without sale, by compromise and transfer of the state lien. Secondly, to prepare the way for beneficial sale by investigating title, demanding, and by due course of law recovering, John Nicholson's papers from those who had no right to them, making partition in case ofjoint roterest, and by staying sales for taxes. Thirdly, to sell under a warrant or writ by the governor, in the, most beneficial way, upon credit, so much of the land as would raise the proportion of the lien debt averaged upon the particular tract sold, after a longer public notice of sale than the general execution law required, and in certain cases where the tract would not raise its proportion of the debt, to authorize a purchase by the commissioners for the commonwealth. The proceedings of the commissioners were to be under the sanction of an oath; and they received their compensation from the state, and not from the property of the debtor. In a word, the acts create a special authority to sell in satisfaction of liens for state debts, duly established according to law, with the fullest opportunity of trial by jury upon appeal from tne settlement, and in regard to the judgment, with ajury sworn at the bar to try the issue, when the defendant confessed the damages. His estate was liable by the general law to make this satisfaction. The acts leave him and his representatives the unimpaired right to contest the liens in any and every way. in the courts of justice; and they have done it in this case without stint, and without receiving any answer except upon the merits of their.allegations. If there was no lien, the.defendants have no title. If the debt was paid,or released, the -purchaser is not protected by these acts, as a purchaser at sheriff's sale would be under an execution upon a satisfied judgment. The debtor's remedy for any wrong done to him in the execution of the acts, is larger than if the sale had been made under the process of a court. It continues open for an unlimited time, may be set up collaterally in the inveitigation of any title con-
VOL. VII.- P

SUPREME COURT.
(Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
veyed under it, and has the benefit of a strict construction of the special authority conferred by the act,.
The question gravely is, whether the legislative power of Pennsylvania is competent to the creation of such an authority, or whether it is restrained by what is termed ordanic law from creating a power of sale, to be exercised by any thing but a court -ofjustice.
Such a positin as the last denie&to the legislature of Pennsylvama the least and humblest of legislative capacities. The practice of all the states under their respective constitutions is against the proposition. The whole subject of remedial pro. cess, and of remedial laws of every kind, is entirely within the competency of the legislature. The forms of writs, original and final, are vaned at pleasure. Powers of sale to assist or enforce vested rights, are created by them every day, and m every way and manner that convenience requiresy in commissioners to sell for taxes, in executors and administiators to sell for debts, m guardians, committees of lunatics, and trustees generally. The very power in questionto sell in satisfaction of a lien annexed to the settlement of a public account, is given by an act of congress, under no larger a charter than is possessed by the state of Pennsylvania. Act of l5th-May 1820, sec. 2, 3 Story's United States Laws, 1791. The adjudications are numerous, that when it is not an existing power in the courts, the legislature may create it, and that when it is, they may delegate it to another body" that as all legislative powers appertain to sovereignty, the choice of means to enforce existing rights belongs, in the absence of express restraint by the constitution, entirely to the legislature, to select any they may deem appropriate. Stoddart v. Smith, 5 Binn. 355; Wilkinson v. Leland, 2 Peters, 627, Estep v. Hutchinson, 14 Serg. and Rawle, 435; Rice v. Parker, 16 Mass. 330; M'Cullough v. The State of Maryland, 4 Whiat. 316, Fisher v. Blight, 2 Cranch, 396.
The matter of inquiry is, whether there is a constitutional restraint, and where it is.
By the constitution of Pennsylvania, article 1, section 1, the whole'legislative power of the commonwealth is vested in the general assembly. In the creation of tribunals for the exercise

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
even of judicial powers, the legislature are under no restraint. They may place it where they please, and in themselves if they see fit. "The judicial power of this commoiiwealth shall be vested in a supreme court, &c. &c., and in such other courts as the legislature may from time to time establish." Art, 5, sec. 1. The power of the legislature to grant chancery powers to existing courts, or to create chancery courts, is without limita-
tion. Besides the equity powers granted by the constitution to the supreme court and courts of common pleas, to perpetuate testimony, &c., "the legislature shall vest in the said' courts such other powers to grant relief in equity as shall be found necessary, and may, from time to time, enlarge or demand those powers, or vest them in such other courts as they shall judge proper, for the due admimstration of justice." Art. 5, sec. 6. The legislature, consequently, are not bound, in the erection of tribunals of any description, to prescribe to them the course of the common law, or the course of law as distinguished from equity, nor are they bound to vest powers either ministerial or judicial in existing tribunals. The whole subject is open to the legislative body to do as it seems fit. What then may be extracted from the plaintiffs' argument as objections to the acts of 1806, 1807 '
1. It is said to be the exercise of a judicial power by an extra-judicial tribunal. The answer is already given, that this, if true in fact, would not be an objection. If it be a judicial power, the tribunal to which it is granted is within the range of the legislative powers of the commonwealth, vested in the general assembly. If it is not a judicial power, the objection fails in fact. It is indeed not judicial, but minstenal and simply remedial of an existing right. The power to compromise and transfer the state lien, if the former be judicial in-its character, was not exercised in the present case, and never can be ;bjected to by the heirs of Nicholson, because they cannot be affected by its exercise. It concerns the commonwealth and the transferee only. Whether judicial or not, and whether the constitution of Pennsylvania be unusu, ally large in the grant of legislative powers or not, the objec. tion has no weight. Cooper v. Telfair, 4 Dall. 14,. Wilkinson v. Leland. 2 Peterq, 660 , Jackson v. Griswold, 5 Johns. 142,

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of' Livingston v. Atoore and others.]
Rice v. Parker, 16 Mass. 330, Sdtterlee v. Mathewson, 2 Peters, 413.
2. It is said to be ex post facto by its retrospective effect. It is not ex post facto. Laws of that character have relation to crimes. Calder v. Bull, 3 Dall. 386, 396, Fletcher v. Peck, 6 Cran. 138, Commonw. v. Lewis, 6 Binn. 271. If retrospective, that is not sufficient, there must be something more. There is no clause in the constitution of the state of Pennsylvama or the United States, against retrospective laws. Such a clause would have struck the legislative power as with a palsy. As to remedies, all defects in existing cases -would have been made incurable by it, and even as to rights, circumstantial defects might have been extensively fatal. Retrospective laws, enforcing vested rights, are among the most indispensable and beneficial acts of legislation. Vbz leges -um 3ustitia retros'pwere possent, the courts cannot avoid enforcing them. They have been repeatedly sanctioned, and their constitutional validity asserted. Calder v. Bull, 3 Dall. S86, Bomback v. Bomback, 11 Ser. and Raw. 191, Holder v. James, 11 Mass. 396, Foster v. Essex Bank, 16 Mass. 270, Mason v. Hale, 12 Wheat. 375, Tate v. Stoolfoots, 16 Ser. and Raw. 35, Underwood v. Lilly, 10 Ser. and Raw. 101, Satterlee vi Mathewson, 2 Peters, 413, Goshen v. Stonington, 4 Connect. Rep. 221, Mason v. Hale, 12 Wheat. 378, Sturgis v. Crownishield, 4 Wheat. 200, Bank of Columbia v. Okely, 4 Wheat. 205, Young v. Bank of Alexandria, 4 Cran. 397, Wilkinson v. Leland, 2 Peters, 658. The retroaction of these acts, if any, was to authorize a special process of sale, which justice and the general law warranted, and to which the power of a general court of chancery would have been competent, without any act of the legislature. If the exercise of the authority devests any rights, it does so in favor of vested rights. A court of equity could have done the same thing. The objection then is that the powers of a court of equity, which the legislature may create or grant to the utmost extent, and to any tribunal whatever, they cannot grant in a partial degree to commissioners, nor exercise it themselves.
3. It is said to be a violation of the trial by jury The

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee or Livingston v. Moore and others.]
acts deny nothing, but the inquisition upon the writ of fien facias which compels a plaintiff to take an extent, if the rents and profits are found sufficient to pay in seven years. In regard to wild lands, however, like the tracts in- question, they do not deny it, any more than the act of 1705. An inquisition is not necessary in such a case. 2 Dall. 77, 1 Yeates, 427, 2 Binn. 91, 2 Yeates, 150, 454.
At the same time the power of the legislature over such inquests, as part of the process, or to assist the court in the assessment of damages, is perfect and complete. They may restrict it, or abolish it altogether. It forms no part of the trial by jury secured by the constitution, and can be repealed at pleasure.
"Trial by jury shall remain as heretofore." The constitution does not say that in all cases in which facts havebeen heretofore ascertained by a jury or inquest, they shall continue to be so, but that'tal by jury shall remain. What is trIal by jury'l This language is taken from the English common law, known and used in the colonies before the revolution. It is not a loose and vague expression, but of definite signification. It was not intended to bind the legislature to the old modes of ascertaining collateral facts, or for the determination of matters concerning which there is no judicial controversy, but to secure a great and well known mode of trial for the determination of an zssue. Thal is the examination of the matter in issue. It supposes a suit, criminal or civil, an issue formed, and the reference of tlis issue for decision to some tribunal. It is the probation of the matter in issue, before judgment, and upon which judgment is to depend. Trial by jury, therefore, as one of the modes of trial known to the common law, is the probation of a matter of fact in issue between parties in a depending suit before judgment, it is its probation before that body, sometimes twelve in number, and in some actions more, to whom, according to the course of the law, the decisiun of issues in fact belonged before the constitution, in proceedings according to the course of the common law. This is the trnal by jury, the right to which is secured, and its great value is in the decision of issues in criminal causes. The clause has no reference to such a case as the present. The right of trial by jury, in its constitutional sense, Nicholson had, and did not chonse to exercise or enjoy it.

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.)
4. It is said to impair the obligation of a contract by the state with John Nicholson, and several contracts nave been imagined. First, the contract is supposed to be implied in the words of the act of 1785, that the settlement shall be a lien "in the same manner as if judgment had been given in favour of the commonwealth," namely, to be enforced in the same manner by process of execution from a court. The meaning of this clause of the act of 1785 may be, either that the lien shall be equally extensive over the state, or equally conclusive of the debt in favour of purchasers, or of the same character and effect as that of a judgment, but it cannot be what the plaintiff supposes, because the thing concerning which the identity is enacted is the lien, and not the mode of enforcing it. The nature of the lien of a judgment as a general and not a specific lien, was well known in Pennsylvama, and the object of the clause was to liken the lien of a settlement to that which was already known. The clause had no other object. Secondly, a contract is supposed to be implied by the confession of judgment, that it shall be enforced only by execution. There is no warrant for any such implication. The contract of a judgment, or the obligation of the contract, is by the debtor to pay it, there is no contract or obligation in the creditor to obtain payment only in one way. He may obtain it through execution, or scire facias, or debt, or foreign attachment, or. by bill in equity, or in any other way that the law allows at its date, or may subsequently allow. This suggestion, that the process to enforce a judgment is obligatcty upon the creditor, in manner and form as it exists at the entry of the judgment, mistakes the creditor's rights for duties, and the duties of the debtor for rights. Thirdly, a contract is supposed to be implied in the grant of the land by the state to Nicholson, that the state would not resume the grant, nor sell the land by any extra-judicial, public, or arbitrary means. The state has not resumed the grant. The title of Nicholson is now the-title of the defendant, not passing through the state, but transferred directly in satisfaction of debt by the process of the law. The nature of that process, whether it should be the old or a new form, and whether enforced under the supervision of a court or of commissioners, is within the competency of the legislature to decide. Unless every grant of land by the commonwealth

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
is a contract for the perpetual continuance of all laws existing at its date, and for the introduction of no other, there is no weight in this- objection. Contracts by the commonwealth, not to use the constitutional power belonging to it, are not to be implied in the rash-and fanciful manner of these exceptions. They require the support of clear and plain expressions. Providence Bank v. Billings, 4 Peters, 563, Jackson v. Lamphire, 3 Peters, 289.
It is said that the acts of 1806 and 1807 are partial laws made by the state for its own benefit, by which it has decided the question of right in its own favour. This is a misapprehension. Every question of right was previously settled by an impartial tribunal. Nothing remained but the remedy. If the state cannot devise a new remedy for its own rights, neither can it for those of a private person. If the acts are bad because the state is a party, the public interests must remain without protection, since the state must always be, to the same extent as now, a party to the legislation that protects them. As to partial legislation generally, there can be no reason ibr making a remedy larger than the mischief, and the legislatu e are the exclusive judges of the extent of any imschief that requires legislative aid. Whether an act should comprehend one. case or a thousand, depends solely on the pleasure of ehose, from whom "lone the act is to proceed.
Finally, it is supposed that these acts violate those clauses of the Pennsylvania bill of rights which prohibit unreasonable seizures, and the taking of property without the judgment of -peers, or the law of the land. The answer to these is that there is nothing seized or disposed of, but what the general immemorial law of the state has devoted to the payment of debts. The multiplicity of constitutional objections by which the plaintiffs' argument has been distinguished, is probably owing to the difficulty of finding any one that possesses strength enough to 'stand by itself.
The points of evidence may be briefly disposed of. The journals of the house exhibiting the paper No. 21, being a statement.of debts due the commonwealth on the 1st January 1797; the report of the committee of ways and means of 24th March 1798; and thereportof the samecommittee of 30th March 1799; being offered to prove that the accounts of the commonwealth

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
and John Nicholson were not then finally settled, were properly rejected, because, 1. They were none of them competsnt evidence of the fact. If the question be what the house has done, and if that fact be relevant, the journals are evidence, but not'as to facts stated in any report, order or resolution. 1 Phil. on Ev. 305, 323; Kelly v. Jackson, 6 Peters, 630; Titus Oates's case, 4 State Trials, 30. The only exception is when the fact to be proved is an act of state, as the king's speech and answer. King v. Holt, 5 D. and E. 445. 2. Because the fact was not relevant. Suppose all the accounts not then finally settled, or suppose the judgment and settlements to have been for the same cause, the title of the defendant was still good because the debt and the lien remained, until satisfaction. Leger C. was not evidence of itself, because'it was not a book of original entries; it was a mere index, and an imperfect one too. Had it been an original book, it was offered too late, namely after the defendants' evidence was closed. It wds not introduced to rebut any thing, and when that is not the case, the admission of additional evidence by the plaintiff after the defendant has finished, is m the court's discretion. The refusal is not matter of exception. Conard v. Atlantic Ins. Co. I Peters, 451, Salmon v. Rance, 3Ser. and Raw. 314, Fredenick v. Gray, 10 Ser. and Raw. 182, Irish v. Smith, 8 Ser. and Raw. 573.
Mr Sergeant, on the same side, (also for the commonwealth of Pennsylvama) argued as follows
The title of the defendants is this. They claim under a public sale, fairly made, on the 15th July 1807. The money was paid (eighty-six dollars and sixty-seven cents for four hundred and thirty-eight acres and sixty-two perches), and a deed duly made under authority of law the 18th March 1808. The sale and the deed were of lands within the commonwealth of Pennsylvania. They were made under two laws duly passed by the representatives of the freemen of Pennsylvania. The-one of these laws is dated the 31st of March 1806, the other, the 19th of March 1807. The title of the first of these acts is "an act for the more speedy and effectual collection of certain debts due to this commonwealth." The second, is a supplement. Under this purchase, the title is regularly derived to the de-

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee of Livingston Y.Moore and others.]
fendants. They, and those under whom they claim, have been in possession, actual or constructive, ever since, that is for twenty-one years before suit, without question.
The title of the plaintiffs is as follows. They claim to be the heirs of John Nicholson, and nothing else. They stand m the place of John Nicholson, with his right, whatever it is, and no more. They are neither creditors nor purchasers, nor have they any equity to add: to the title that was in him. It is now to be seen what this title is, which they rely upon to overturn the laws, possession, deee and all. They have a warrant of the 24th of March 1794, for four hundred acres. It was one of five hundred and thirteen warrants taken out by Mr Nicholson for two hundred and three thousand five hundred and sixty acres, at fifty shillings a hundred. On. the 14th of June 1794, he paid into bank fourteen thousand two hundred'and fifty-four dollars for the whole quantity, this tract included. With whose money it was that he paid, does not positively appear. But it is fully proved that at the very time, he owed to the commonwealth more than one hundred thousand dollars for money and securities abstracted from the funds committed to him as comptroller, in violation of his official trust. There can be no great merit in paying the commonwealth with her own money, or in making official misfeasance-contribute to private aggrandisement. A survey was made in August 1794, and duly returned. No deed poll is produced from the warrantee. It is useless, however, to scrutinize the title in its inception. By agreement between the plaintiffs and defendants (to which the commonwealth was no party) this is admitted. The title of John Nicholson, then, is warrant and survey in 1794, and payment of exactly twenty-four dollars and sixty-seven cents.
This is the whole of the title. From 1794 to 1828, a period of thirty-four years, the history is a blank. No possession was taken. It is not pretended. No claim of ownership. It is out of the question. No contribution to the prosperity of the commonwealth. Not even a tax paid. In the mean time, what happens I By the common exertion and contribution of the state and her citizens, the public prosperity is promoted. These lands are cultivated, improved and settled, at a great expense of money and labour, giving them a value they had not before. Then, after thirty and more years, come the heirs to
VOL. VII.-3 Q

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
take the lands and improvements. There is a time for all things. Being suffered to pass, there ought to be an end of plaim.
Of all that has been done, and all that was doing, the heirs had notice. Whatever has been done, has been done by or under public laws. A public law is notice to every body.
But, it is said, they were in another state, and were under the disability of infancy. As to the first, the answer is very obvious. Their being in another state, makes no difference where the question is of lands in Pennsylvania. They are affected, wherever they may be, with notice of-the legislation of Pennsylvania upon lands within her limits.
Infancy makes no difference, where it is a question about charges upon land. This is an ancient common law principle. I Inst. 380, b, 2 Inst. 703. An infant's land may be sold under mortgage. It may be sold to pay debts. It may be sold to pay taxes. He is bouna to take notice of public laws, unless expressly saved. In equity, he is bound where he stands by and does Pot give notice of his rights. 9 Mod. 38, 2 Eq. A&b. 489, 1 Brown's Rep. 353. A case like this, would be a fraud'upon every principle of equity
But the allegation of infancy is not founded in fact. The record shows that the oldest of the children of John Nicholson was of age twenty-four years before the suit was brought, and the youngest living, fifteen years.
Claiming, as they do, in right of their ancestor, it is but fit to say, that their ancestor had no property He died insolvent, and he died in jail. That could not have happened in Pennsylvania, unless there were strong imputation of misconduct. So desperate were his affairs, that no administration was taken out. He was overwhelmed with judgments, as the record will show, for which no satisfaction could be had, and which, as well as his other debts, still remain unsatisfied. All that ever was in his name would not now pay his debts. But these debts are in various ways affected by length 4if time. Some are barred by the statute of limitations. In many, the securities are lost, the parties dead, or other changes have happened to destroy their activity, and to open a chance of getting the property without paying the debts. What a revolution it

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
would be I We have heard of posthumous fame. Tlus is a new mode of creating a posthunous fortune.
Suppose, for a moment, it were John Nicholson himself. Could he be listened to for a moment I2 The suggestion is too extravagant to be entertained. What property could his heirs derive from him q Looking at his history, as spread upon the record, it is not too much to say it is impossible he should have had any. It is an abuse of terms, in defiance of such evidence, to talk of property derived from him. Such suits seem to'be speculations upon human memory and the preservation of papers and records. They must be founded upon the calculation, that after a length of tine, many things will be forgotten or lost, and what is known to be true, cannot be proved. The boldness of the undertaking is without a parallel in judicial history. The plaintiffs attempt to overturn (as will be seen in the sequel) eight acts of the legislature of Pennsylvania, three settlements of public accounts, made almost forty years ago, two solemn decisions of the supreme court of Pennsylvania, a judgment of the same court, and a deed made by the commonwealth of Pennsylvania. All this, too, by a new light, arising after twenty-five years of darkness, and against bona fide purchasers without notice.
This court is called upon to exert a power of destroying, far transcending all former precedent. Single laws, and single acts, have been questioned. But this suit proposes a sort of general nullification of all that has been done for a third of a century.
What is more paricularly to be said, in answer to the claim set up by the plaintiff in error may be presented under these heads, which will comprehend all the errors assigned in the charge.
I. That the commonwealth of Pennsylvania had liens upon the lands of John Nicholson, for a debt or debts owing to her.
1I. That the acts of 1806 and 1807 were constitutional acts; and the proceedings under them, valid and effectual to enforce those liens, and recover the debts.
I The commonwealth had three liens. 1. By the ettlements of March and December 1796 :2.By the judgments in the sumpreme court.

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee ofLivingston v. Moore and others.]
8. By the fact that a debt was due to her from a person deceased, that is, John Nicholson, in other words, she acquired a lien by his death, if she had none before.
It is immaterial what was the nature of the lien, provided there was alien. The essence is, that a debt was due. Against those claiming as heirs, that, of itself, was sufficient.
1. The commonwealth of Pennsylvania had a lien by the settlements of March and December 1796.
Before examining the acts, I will lay down some general principles, unquestionable in themselves, and applicable to the present case.
1. That in the management of her own fiscal concerns, Pennsylvania has the power of a sovereign and independent state.
2. That she has a right to make laws for the collection of her revenue, and for the settlement of accounts of public debtors and creditors. It is necessary for creditors, as well as for debtors, because the state is not suable, and they can only obtain payment by means of such laws.
3. That she has a right, for this purpose, to constitute such tribunals, and establish such modes of proceeding as she may think proper. That peculiar laws and peculiar proceedings are indispensable, and universally adopted, because the administration of the revenue of a state cannot be adequately managed, nor with the necessary dispatch, by the agency of the ordinary tribunals or the ordinary forms. And that this is not at all in derogation of the common law, which cannot properly be.said to apply to it. It is done by the United States, and by every state in the union.
4. That she has a right from time to time to alter these laws and proceedings, according to her own view of her own exigences, as fully as the United States or any other state.
5. That persons accountable to the commonwealth, have no vested right in the particular provisions of accounting laws, which can interfere with this power of the state. The act of congress of the 15th of May 1820, is retrospective, as well as prospective, in its operation. The question mooted in 4 Wheat. 4, as to the right of reducing salary, has no bearing upon the present.
6. That the acts and proceedings of these special tribunals

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee of Livngston v. Mloore and others.]
need not be according to the course of the common law, but must be according to the exigences of the state. Such has been the practice from the earliest period of the commonwealth, allowing finally, on appeal or otherwise, a trial by jury, since
1785. 7. That the proceedings of such'tribunals, however consti-
tuted, are entitled to respect, they are not to be collaterally questioned, and after a length of time, every thing is to be presumed in their favour, as in favour of any other tribunal. Thompson v. Toulmin, 2 Peters, 157.
8. That where acts are done by accounting officers, according to law, they will produce their legal effect, without any regard to the intentions of the officers themselves.
9. That where the power of the commonwealth -over this subject is exercised in part, the residue is not parted with or destroyed, but reserved in full force, to be executed in such mode as the legislature may think fit. In other words, the subsisting laws are not a contract with the office or accountant, but are liable to be altered at the will of the legislature. Providence Bank v. Billings, 4 Peters, 514, 559, 560, &c.
This was the understanding and practice of the state before the constitution, it has been so since; it is so with the United States, and every state in the union. In relation to public dues, it must be so.
With the benefit of these priiciples, then, let us proceed to the first inquiry, which may be examined under two heads.
1st. Were the settlements of March and December 1796, settlements according to law'Z
2d. If they were, did they constitute a lienI 1. They profess to be settlements, and are made by the authorized and proper officern, using their official titles in the act. They are made in the usual offi'e forms, and deposited in the proper office, where they have since remained, and whence they were brought to be given in evidence in this cause They are duly certified, and were produced by the plaintiffs. They embrace subjects proper for settlement, and within the jurisdiction of the officers who made the settlements. They were made by officers, who bad nothing to do with the accounts but to settle them. They were made thirty years ago. From that time to this, no further or other setlement has ever been made

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Livingston v. 'Moore and others.]
of these accounts. They have never been called in question but once-that was by a creditor, a single objection wds made, and was authoritatively decided in their favour. So far as to the accounts themselves, enough, certainly But the evidence does not stop here. There is a mass of proof, besides, in the record, of irresistible force and weight.
They were recognized and sanctioned, as settlements, by John Nicholson himself. The two accounts of the 19th of November 1796, proved to have been in his possession, one by his own indorsement, and the other by indorsement of his counsel, refer to them as settled accounts. These papers, it will be observed, are not themselves settled accounts. They were then in course of settlement, which was completed in the following month, by giving him credits against the balance of the former settlements. The first item in each is a debit for the balance of the account previously "settled." It is material to remark that they come from amongst the private papers of Mr Nicholson. They were there for more than three years during his life, without disapprobation or objection. This isconclusive evidence of assent to what is contained in them. It would be so at any time. Still more is it so, after so great a lapse of years. It would be conclusive evidence against any one. A fortiori, is it conclusive against Mr Nicholson, who had been so long comptroller, and was acquainted with the forms of office. He knew the precise import of the word "settled." One of them was received by him in 1796, the other at least as early as the 21st of March 1797. This fact thus becomes an admission by John Nicholson himself that there had been a settlement according to law
Again, if the argument on the other side be correct, these settlements were adopted, acted upon, and finally and conclusively agreed to, by the judgment in the supreme court in March 1797 The argument is that the judgment was for the amount of these settlements. If so, it was upon the settlements, and affirmed them.
Further, in the year 1803, one of these settlements was-submitted to judicial investigation and decision in the supreme court of Pennsylvania. Smith v. Nicholson, 4 Yeates, 6. It was decided upon. That decision has been-the uncontroverted law of Pennsylvania for twenty-seven years. It has been the

JANUARY TERM 18S3.
[Lessee of Livingston v,Moore and others.]
foundation of repeated legislation by public laws, as a reference to the several acts of assembly upon this subject will show The judiciary was first appealed to, and when the rights of the commonwealth had been judicially ascertained, and not before, laws were made to render those rights effectual. The course pursued was the opposite'of that which has been imputed. The legislature did not exercise its power upon the question of right. There was no arbitrary assumption or exertion of authority, no interference with the exercise of judicial power, no invasion of the province of the judiciary, n6thing which bears the most remote resemblance to seizu'b or confiscation of property. But when the courts had decided that the property was liable for the debts due to the commonwealth, that the settlements were a lien, tfien, and not till then, the legislature interposed, (as it was rightfully bound to do) to devise the means of rendering the right effectual, to afford the needful remedy, to enforce the payment of a just debt out of the fund that was adjudged to be liable for it.
The first act of the legislature upon the subject, is that already referred to, of the 4th of April 1805, entitled, "An act for the more speedy and effectual recovery of debts, &c." It authorizes the sale of all the commonwealth's liens to Blythe and Nicholson, and directs the payment out of the moneys of the commonwealth of the taxes on the "lands of the late John Nicholson." The act of the 4th of April 1805 appropriates ten thousand dollars for the payment of the taxes. The act of 31st of March 1806 (one of those now in question) prohibits sales for taxes, and authorizes their payment out of the state treasury. The act of 19th of March 1807 asserts the lien. The act of 24th of March 1808 is a supplement to the act last mentioned, to give certain powers to those who purchase portions of the lien by way of compromse. The act of 28thof March 1814 is also a supplement, and prohibits sales for taxes. The act of 16th of March 1810 authorizes payment of taxes. And the act of 5th of February 1821 authorizes the issuing of process for the sae-of land, in behalf of individuals named in it.
Here, then, are eight public laws of the commonwealth, extending through a period of sixteen years, all assuming the existence of the settlement and lien, and providing for the protection and security of the property, as the fund for the pavrnelir

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
of the debt. Public laws were suspended m their operation upon these lands. The taxes were paid out of the public treasury. Sales were made, purchases, compromises, and releases. There has been an universal acquiescence, especially by the numerous creditors of John Nicholson. But for this, the lands would long ago have been sold for debts or for taxes. It has been truly said, that it is owing to the interposition of the commonwealth alone, that there is any thing now to dispute about or claim.
This public fact has become extensively incorporated. into land titles throughoutl ennsylvama. Improvements have been made upon the faith of it. Transfers of property have assumed it, to an extent not to be defined, but, according to a printed paper put forth on the part of the plaintiffs, embracing more than two millions of acres.
Is it competent to the plaintiffs at this time of day to dispute the settlement? Can they be permitted, by such exceptions as are here -presented to what was so long ago done, to disturb the titles thus derived under the laws ot Pennsylvania? If there were not a paper or a witness, is there not ample evidence"1 Can they, who have lain by, now demand proof of what was done thirty-four years ago'1 To allow it, would en. courage frauds, would destroy the security of property, and the peace of society. These are considerations of weight, and are estimated accordingly in the admimistration ofjustice. Chalmer v. Bradley, 1 Jac. and Walk. 63. More than time has now run to make a bar by statute. A mortgage would be barred in less time. A bond would be presumed paid. Almost any thing would be presumed in support of a right. The presumption comes in the place of evidence which time has effaced or destroyed, and to uphold that which has become so settled as to give assurance of itself, that it was originally fixed upon a sure foundation.
But what are the objections to the settlements2 Can they not be refuted, even without aid from the principles which have been adverted to'1 It is impossible to avoid remarking of them, that they are altogether unworthy to be associated with the great points professed to be aimed at in this case. They tend to degrade their companions, and bring them into suspIcion. What are they

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee ofLivingston v. Moore and others.]
1. That there was no notice given of the -pttlements to John Nicholson.
The meaning of this objectio4 must be that there is no proof of notice. It may be answered then, in the first place, that after such a length of time, it is not necessary. It wil be presumed. In the next place, the settlement itself is sufficient. Either notice was required by the laws of Pennsylvania, or it was not. If it was not, there is an end of the matter. If it was, the presumption would be that the accounting officers did what the law required of them, at least until the contrary appeared. In the Commonwealth v. Fitler, 12 Serg. and Rawle, 277, (which was under a different law) the negative was proved. That, therefore, affords no rule in the present case. The whole accounting system of Pennsylvania is founded upon the act of 1782. That act contemplates settlement upon accounts produced by the accountant. 2 Dall..Laws, 45. He is, therefore, the actor, in general, and requires no notice.
But there is clear proof of notice in fact. The two papers before referred to, of November 1796, state the settlements to have been made, and no objection was ever taken to them, though John Nicholson lived for several years afterwards, and lived in the same city where the government was, and where the accounts were settled. It is quite incredible that he had
not notice. In addition to all this, the settlements were made under a
public law of April 20, 1795, 3 Dal. Laws, 1790, specially directing the settlement of the accounts of John Nicholson. A public law is notice to every body.
It is sufficient, however, for the present case, that no law re-. quired notice to be given.
2. That these settlements were not "entered" in the books of the accounting officers, as it is alleged was required by law. The meaning of this, as of the former objection, is that there was no proof of the entry.
The first answer is, that there was proof. The plaintiffs themselves produced the settlements, and made them their own evidence, though they would have come in more properly on the part of the defendants. Both of them were accompanied by official certificates, by the proper officers, also given in evidence by the plaintifls, that they were "settled and entered."
VOL. VII.-3 R

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
Can they deny this, without any proof to the contraryq The fact is, they were entered.
The next answer is equally decisive. The entry m the books is no part of the-settlement. It is of the settlement, and after the settlement. The settlement is completed, and after being completed, is then entered, as having been made. Act of 4th April 1792, 3 Dali. Laws, 218. In case of appeal, the entry would not be till after the appeal. Was there no settlement in the mean timel Then, there could be no appeal, for the appeal is from the settlement. The settlement is final before appeal, but its enforcement is suspended by the appeal. The entry could not be made till the officers were ready to certify to the governor.
3. It is objected, that these are not settlements of all the accounts of John Nicholson, and the officers were not authorized to settle impart. This objection is without any foundation in fact, for the books which it is supposed would prove it, are not in evidence.
But le it be admitted, as it is probable that there were other accounts. It may perhaps be inferred that there were, from the various duties devolved upon him 'by different laws, and from the repeated appropriations for the expenses of investigating his accounts. Is the legal inference correct I Certainly not. There is no law which requires that a settlement should be of all accounts. Oft the contrary, the act of 20th of April 1795, 3 Dall. Laws, 790, directs them to be settled from time to time, in succession. This point also must be considered as having been decided in Smith v. Nicholson. In truth, the subjects of account were distinct and separate.
4. It may be suggested, that upon a general settlement, the balance might have been m his favour, though upon these accounts, it was against him. But to this suggestion, of a mere pessibility, there are several decisive answers. First, the nature and duties of his trusts were such as to make it impossible there should be a balance in his favour. He could not be m advance, the accounts arising from property entrusted to hun. Secondly, all the efforts to obtain a settlement, were on the part of the commonwealth. No aid was given by the accountant. What was obtained, was extorted from him. Finally, the confession ofjudgmeiit is an unequivocal admission. The whole

JANUARY TERM 1883.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
inquiry, however, it w;ill be seen, is immaterial to the present purpose. It is stated only to show that there is not the slightest ground for the suggestion of even' the possibility of injustice on the part of the commonwealth towards Mr Nicholson.
5. It has been intimatdd that the officers did not intend them to be settlements. Where such a notion could have been derived, it is difficult to conceive. For reasons already stated, it would be immaterial what they intended, if they officially did what produced a certain legal consequence. But the fact that they did intend them to be settlements, is apparent, for the act of 20th April 1795, made it their duty to settle. Again, they have always been treated as settlements, by every department of the government: and, in addition, they were acknowledged by Mr Nicholson himself to be such, as has already been shown.
There are some other objections made. It is unnecessary to go through them in detail, as they have already been sufficiently answered.
2d. Did these settlements constitute a lien, and what was the nature of the lien?
It can scarcely be necessary to consider this question upon original grounds, having been long ago decided by the supreme court of Pennsyl ania. A short view, however, will suffice to show how well grounded that decision was. It may be premised, that the accounting laws of Pennsylvania are not in derogation of the common law, or of the usual course of proceeding. Neither can it be said that they establish new powers, for the. benefit of the party creating them, and direct theirexecution in an unusual manner. They are not, therefore, obnoxious to a construction of such strctuess as has been suggested. They are not at all within the reason of Schip v. Miller's Heirs, 2 Wheat. 325, as laws giving powers of forfeiture. They are remedial, not penal. They are laws for the settlement of public accounts, and for the payment of public creditors, as well as the collection of public dues. They are salutary and necessary. They are entitled to a fair construction.
These laws are all to be considered, in the construction of any one of them. The act of 4th April 1792, sect. 1, 3 Dall. Laws, 222, contains a special repeal of so much of every former

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Livngston v. Moore and others.]
act as is thereby altered or supplied, and no more. Thus, the whole of the acts of assembly, from the 13th April 1782 to 4th April 1792, form one system, and are to be construed together. It may be said, then, in the first place, that the lien of the act of 1785 is no where expressly taken away. Neither is it any where expressly "alter ed or supplied." Is it done by implication? Assuredly not, as a moment's attention will discover. By the act of 1782, the comptroller's settlement was made conclusive, and summary process was authorized to be issued immediately against the property and person of the debtor, not unlike that given by the law of the United States of the 15th May 1820, 2 Dall. Laws, 44. The act of 1785, 2 Dall. Laws, 247, was to give the benefit of trial by jury. For that purpose the third section gave an appeal. The appeal, of course, suspended the issuing of process to enforce the settlement. In lieu of it, and to secure to the commonwealth the recovery of what might finally appear to be due, the twelfth section gave the lien. The appeal and the lien, therefore, came into existence together, and the one was given precisely because the other-was given. The natural conclusion would be, that they would continue together, the reason being the same for keepmg them associated, as for originally associating them. The appeal continued throughout, therefore, the lien continued throughout. Such must have been- the intention of the legislature. It cannot, with any propriety, be said to be oppressive or tmjust. On the contrary, it is part.of a system for the relief of the accountant, which, but for the lien, would not be consistent with a due regard for the security of the commonwealth.
The only argument against the lien is founded upon that part of the twelfth section which speaks of the executive council. The answer to it is an obvious one. By the third section, the approbation of the executive council was necessary to make a settlement. The powers of the executive council were transferred to the governor, and the concurrence or approbation of the governor ceased to be necessary after the act of the 21st September 179.1, 3 Dall. Laws, 113, except where there was a disagreement between the comptroller ani the regfster, in which case the governor was to decide between them. If they agreed, their settlement was effectual. To suppose that the governor's interposition had any effect Upon

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee of LiVingston v. Moore and others. l
the question of lien, would lead to this absurdity, that where the accounting officers differed, the settlement would be a lien, where they agreed, it would not.
But why should this question be argued? It has been judicially decided by the supreme court of Pennsylvania twentyseven years ago, and is the settled law of the state. Smith v. Nicholson, 4 Yeates,6, United States v. Nichols, 4 Yeates, 251. Such a decision, upon acts of assembly of a state, in the state courts of the highest authority, has been repeatedly adjudged here to be conclusive evidence of the law of the state. Hinde v. Lessee of Vattier, 5 Peters, 393, Ross v. M'Lung, 6 Peters, 283, 1 Conn. Rep. 159, m notes. It has been said that the supreme court of Pennsylvama would not, themselves, be bound by their own decision, and to prove it, we are told that m Bevan v. Taylor, 7 Serg. and Rawle, 397, (a case turning upon the construction of the intestate laws) they overruled Walker's Administrators v. Smith, 3 Yeates, 480. But admitting this to be so, it is only necessary to say, that Smith v. Nicholson never. has been overruled or questioned. It is the law of Pennsylvania now, whatever possibilities there may be as to the future. If it should hereafter be overruled, it will then cease to be authority, but not before. This, however, is not likely to happen. It is too deeply rooted to be overturned without extensive ischief, an argument admitted by the supreme court of Pennsylvania to be of great weight in favour of supporting ancient decisions. 7 Serg. and Rawle, 400.
The nature of the lien is sufficiently explained by the words of the act of assembly. It extends to all the lands of the debtor throughout the commonwealth.
2. The second lien of the state was under the judgment of the 21st March 1797 in the supreme court of Pennsylvania, for one hundred and ten thousand dollars. This, like the lien by settlement, bound all the lands of Mr Nicholson throughout the commonwealth. Such is conceded to have been the effect of judgments obtained in the supreme court of Pennsylvania before the passing of the act of 1799:
3. By the death of John Nicholson, the state had a lien, and still continues to have a lien, as a creditor, upon all his lands in Pennsylvania. The lands of a decedent are bound for his debts. Graff v. Smith, I Dall. 481, Morris v.Smith, 1 Yeates,

534

SUPREME COURT.

[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
238, 4 Dal]. 119. In favour of purchasers, this lien is limited to seven years. Against heirs, it is without limitation.
It appears thus, upon reviewing the case, 1. That there was a debt, conclusively and finally ascer-
tained to be due to the commonwealth. 2. That this debt was a lien upon the land. 3. -That it was of the nature of that lien, to give a ight to
raise the money out of-the land by sale. 4. 'That there was no process to effectuate this right. Could the legislature provide the remedyl That is really
the only question that remains. The points above stated being
all settled, was it or was it not competent to the legislature to devise the means of doing what every one must agree ought to be donel This brings us to the second general head of in-
quiry. II. Are the acts of 1806 and 1807 unconstitutional and
void' As has been already seen, they are strictly and bona fide
remedial acts, to enforce the payment of debts justly due, out of a fund admitted to be liable for their satisfaction. They ha'i no other object or intention. They were to supply a defect of suitable process, so that the creditor might have justice don-.him, and that against a public accountant, whose debt was evideilce of official delinquency. They liave.worked no injury to any one. The heir had nothing until the debts were paid. Wilkinson v. Leland, 2 Peters, 629. The property was insufficient to pay even the debt due to the commonwealth, as a fair public sale has ascertained. There was nothing for the heir. Was the legiblature incompetent to supply the process'? Those who affirm a proposition so extravagant, ought to make it out very clearly A constitution imposing a restriction so unreasonable, would require to be altered. It is against every nption 'of-what is expedient and what is just. The rigbt of a creditor is a perfect right, it is as strong as the right of property, and has as strong a clam to protection. To take away ill remedies from the creditor would be unconstitutional. To withhold from hin adequate remedies, is contrary to the spirit of our social compacts. How, then, can it be unconstitutional tp give hun an adequate remedy'! There is a glaring contradiction in the liypothesis. Common sense is confounded by it.

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
The purpose being a lawful one, the legislature really and truly adopted the means which they thought necessary for its attainment. They did not confiscate the lands; they did not seize upon them: they simply devised a mode of selling them, so that out of the proceeds, the debt owing to the commonwealth might be paid. The objection, then (if any there be), is only to the mode. This is a very narrow ground indeed. It is, that the legislature, in the exercise of a discretion which belongs to them, did not select the mode which to others may seem most fit. This is neither more nor less than to deny to them all discretion, in the use of means, to limit them, where their power is usually deemed to be the most unlimited. There is no doubt whatever, that the method of proceeding they adopted, was in fact the best. But that is a discussion not to be entertained in a judicial investigation.
Before proceeding to examine the particular objections which have been made to these laws, it is necessary to establish the test they are to be submitted to, by referring to certain well settled principles of constitutional law
1. It may be stated, upon clear authority, that a question of conflict between a law of a state and the constitution of the state, is not a question of federal cognizance. The judiciary of the union has a clear paramount authority in all- cases where there is a question whether a state law is repugnant to the constitution of the United States. Satterlee v. Mathewson, 2 Peters, 380, Jackson v. Lamphire, 3 Peters, 280. But a question between a state law and a state constitution, comes into this court only in its administration of the laws of the state. It will be guided, therefore, by state decisions, giving the law to the state tribunals in questions offederal cognizance, and receiving it from them im questions properly of state cognizance. Judicial harmony is thus preserved.
2. That the constitution having received a construction by legislative, executive and judicial action, and the aeqwescence of the citizens for a long time, that constructioin wil, prevail in
judgment, especially if rights be founded upon it. Btuart v. Laird, 1 Cranch, 292, M'Cullough v. State of Maryland, 4 Wheat. 316.
.3. That there mus nextessailvJbe a limit m time to the

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
right of individuals to question the constitutionality of a law, where, by so doing, they would injure others who have acted upon a received construction, or overturn what has been done.
4. That it is incumbent upon those who would thus impeach a law, plainly to show a plain violation of some express provision of the constitution, so that laying the constitution and the law side by side, there is a manifest incompatibility.
"It is a-power of high responsibility, and not to be exercised but rn cases free from doubt." Tilghman, C. J. 3 Serg. and Rawle, 73.
"The question whether a law be void for its repugnancy to the constitution, is a question which ought seldom, if ever, to be decided affirmatively in a doubtful case. The opposition between the constitution and the law should be such, that the judge feels a clear and and strong conviction of their incompatibility with each other." Marshall, C. J. 6 Cranch, 128. "Must plainly violate some express provision of the constitution." Washington, J. 2 Peters, 330. And as to all speculative objections, founded upon supposed general principles, they are entirely put aside by Chase, J. in 4 Dall. 18. General prviciples in the constitution are not to be regarded as rules to fetter and control, but only as declaratory or directory.
5. That where a power is given by the constitution, the choice of means for effiectuating it belongs to the legislature. United Statps v. Fisher, 2 Cranch, 358; M'Cullough v. State of Maryland, 4 Wheat. 316.
6. That -n act may be constitutional m some of its provisions and unconstitutional m others, and the latter will not hurt the former.
7. That it may be unconstitutional against one person, and not against another, and the latter cannot avail himself of the privilege of the former. If the acts in question were objectionable against creditors, (as they certainly are not) they might be good against the heirs.
It will be perceived, at once, how these principles meet and obviate every objection that has been made. Before proceeding to examine, these objections in detail, try them by another very simple test. Is there any thing in the constitution of the United States, or of the state of Pennsylvania, which says that a man's

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Mloore and others.]
property shall not be sold for the payment of his just debtsl Is there any thing which says the legislature shall not be allowed to judge of the means! Leland v. Wilkinson, 2 Peters, 656, 657, &c. is exactly to the contrary, and is to the very point of the present case.
It is no objection, founded in the constitution, that laws are retrospective. The constitution itself is decisive of this. The express prohibition of ex post facto laws, meaning retrospective crzminal laws, is an adnssion that retrospective civil laws may be made. Expressio unius exclusio est alterius. No well digested constitution could conthin such a prohibition. It may be conceded, that in general they are against the principles of sound legislation. But occasions will sometimes occur where they are necessary. These cases make exceptions.. That retro-. spective laws are not, on that account, unconstitutional, has bben repeatedly decided in Pennsylvania. Barnbaugh v. Barnbaugh, 11 Serg. and Rawle, 191, Underwood v. Lilly, 10 Serg. and Rawle, 97, Barnet v. Barnet, 15 Serg. and Rawle, 72, and was decided in this court in Satterlee v. Mathewson, before referred to. But the laws now m question are in no sense retrospective. They are entirely prospective.
Neither- is it any objection that laws may seem to exercise judicial functions. Estep v. Hutchinson, 14 Serg. and Rawle, 435. The line is not so defined as to mark exactly in all cases the boundary between legislation and judgment.
Nor is it any objection that they constitute new tribumals. The legislature have power to do so by the constitution of Pennsylvania. Article 5, sedt. 1.
Objections are not to be listened to, which have no better foundation than a general charge of injustice, or an appeal to what is supposed to be a sort of prevailing complexion of the constitution. These are arguments to be addressed to the legislature, when they are enacting laws, perhaps to the judiciary when expoundingthem, but never when called upon to declare such laws to be inuompatible with the constitution. If ever admssible, however, they would be inapplicable in the present ;ase, where nothing has been done but what is just in itself, and in conformity With the soundest principles of legislation.
The specific constitutional obiction made by the plamtiffs VOL. 11.-3 S

SUPREME COURT
[LUssee of Livingston v. "foore and others.]
in error, are sufficiently numerous. But their weight is in no proportion to their number. They are only so many cyphers.
1. It is said to be an infraction of section 10, article 1, of the constitution of the-United States, and section 17 of the bill of rights of Pennsylvaia. The one prohibits the making of state laws impairing " the obligation of contracts," the other prohibits laws " ime pairing contracts." They are in substance the same.
A-contract will not be impliedI, in order to render a law obnoxious to the constitutional prohibitions. Hart v. Lamphire, 380.
*Buthere there is.no contract, express or implied. The grantof the land, by warrant and survey, was no contract that it should not be liable f6r the debts of the owner.: It was -exactly the reverse. The grant made him the owner, with the p6wer to, aliene, and subject to alienation by process of law. It was to him, his heirs and assigns. Land is liable for the debts of the owner, is -bound by judgments, and may be sold for the payment of ms creditors. This is an incident to ownership, not repugnant to it, but one of its legal consequences. There is no resumption of the grant, as in Fletcher v. Peck, but a confirmation of it. All tlns is fully and clearly explained'm Satterlee v. Mathewson, 2 Peters. The settlement is no contract, nor the lien arising from it. The latter is to operate "in the same manner as a judgment," that is, to bind in the same manner. It is -in nvitum, obtained by compulsion of law, and not derivng any of its efficacy from the agreement of the party. The means of enforcing it, too, are derived from the law, and may be varied by the legislative power. They are not limited to such as may be in use when the judgment is obtained. -'There was no restriction in the special entry of the judgment, except that which was expressed, namely, that Mr Nicholson sholild have a limited time to point out errors. The time being expired, without error being alleged, the judgment stands for the whole amount for which it was confessed. These laws not only violate no contract-they are in execution of a contract. All public dues bind by contract. There isan implied assumpsit. The claim upon Mr Nicholson was still stronger, being founded upon his official contract, as well

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
as upon the contract ansing from his applying the money and property of the commonwealth to his own use.
'2. There can be no necessity for saying more in reply to the second objection, than that the eighth section of the bill of rights of Pennsylvania, relates only to seizure and search, and -here, there was neither seizure nor search. Both these words have an appropriate legal sense, well understood.
3. ITis, said to violate the seventh article of the amendments to the constitution of the United States, ann the sixth article of the bill of rights of Pennsylvania.
If this amendment of the constitution of the United States were applicable to the states, (as it is not) it would still be impossible to understand how the present case could be brought within its words or meaning. It was no ,"trial at common law." The execution of a judgment was what was in question.
The sixth article of the bill of rights of Pennsylvania says nothing more than this: "trial by jury shall be as heretofore, and the right remain inviolate." Was it ever the.practic& to have trials after judgment!. Were jufies ever used in such cases before An inquest to ascertain whether the rents and profits will pay in seven years, is not a jury in the sense of this article. It owes its existence to an act of assembly which the legislature may at any time repeal or alter" and, in addition, it never was necessary in a case like this, of vacant'and unseated land, (as the land in question was at the time of the sale) but only where lands are improved and yielded an income.
4. It is said to contravene the fourth article of the bill of rights. The answer is manifest. That article applies only to criminal prosecutions. If otherwise, it has been literally complied with.
Neither can it be said with any propriety, that this property was talcen for public use without compensation. It was -not taken at all, but sold for the payment of debts. There was no exercise of the right of eminent domain.
Tlere is want of precision in the argument which inputes to these acts as an objection, that they werm made by the legislature in its own case. The debt was owing to the commonwealth. The commonwealth was the creditor, the entire*body ,politic, made up of all the citizens of Pennsvlvania. The legislature was only a branch of the government. That the legisJation was about matters which concerned the commonwealth,

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
,can surely be no valid objection, for these are peculiarly the proper subjects of legislation. The members of the legislature are no more interested than any other citizen.
In.every aspect, therefore, in which the case can be reviewed, it appears that the proceedings of the commonwealth of Pennsylvania have been just, prudent, patient, and intelligent, as well-as entirely consistent with the constitutions of the union and the state. The government in all its branches has done its duty, and has done no more. The proceedings have been right in form and in substance. To have established this, is all that can -be necessary to vindicate the commonwealth against every charge that has been made, and renders it superfluous to notice the terms in which they have been so repeatedly presented. They perish of themselves, when they are thus shown to be without foundation. The respect due to the source from which they proceed, cannot sustain them now, whatever claim to attention it may have given them in the first instance, before they were examined. With them also fall the exceptions to the judgment of the court below upon the points here discussed, all of which have been embraced in the discussion.
The exceptions to the opinion of the court below, upon questions of evidence, now. assigned for error, have been fully considered.
Mr Justice JoHNsoN delivered the opinion of the Court. This case comes up by writ of error from the circuit court of the United States of Pennsylvania, in which the plaintiffs here, were plaintiffs there. The plaintiffs make title as heirs of John Ni6holson, and the defendants as purchasers under certain commissioners, constituted by a law of thot state-for the purpose of selling the landed estate o4 John Nicholson, in satisfaction of certain liens which the state asserted to hold on his lands. The plaintiffi controvert the validity of that sale: 1st. As violating the constitution of Pennsylvania. 2d. As violating the constitution of the United Sf°ttes. 3d. As inconsistent with the principles of private ights and natural justice, and therefore void, though not to be brought within the description of a violation of any constitutional stipulation.

JANUARY TERM 1833.

541

[Lessee of Liingston v. Moore and others.j
1. To maintain the argument upon which the counsel for plaintiffs rely, to establish the unconstitutional character of the acts under which the sale was made to defendants, the plaintiffs' counsel commenced with an effort to remove out of his way the liens, to satisfy which the legislature professes to pass the acts authorizing the same.
It appears from the record that at the time of passing the acts which constituted this board of commssioners, to wit in 1806 and 1807, the state claimed to hold four liens upon the lands of John Nicholson.
1st. A judgment for special damages, amounting to four thousand two hundred and eight pounds eight sL'llings, entered December 18th, 1795.
2d. A settled account of March 3d, 1796, for fifty-eight thousand four hundred and twenty-nine dollars twenty-four cents, afterwards reduced to fifty-one thousand two hundred and nine dollars twenty-two cents.
3d. Another settled account of December 20th, 1796, for sixty-three thousand seven hundred and twenty-seven dollars eighty-six cents. And
4th. A judgment confessed and entered March 21st, 1797, for one hundred and ten thousand three hundred and ninety dollars, with certain special matter attached to the confession, wholly immaterial to the present controversy. The evidence of dates and circumstances might seem to lead to the opinion, that the first judgment or the consideration of it was incorporated into the settlements and that the judgment of 1797 covered the whole. But, of this thcre is no sufficient evidence, and the several liens must, on the facts m proof, be considered as they are exhibited on the record- as substantive and inde-
pendent.
By'a law of Pennsylvania of February 15th, 1785, settlements made by the comptroller, with certain prescribed formalities, are declared to be liens upon the real estate of the debtor,
"in the same manner as ifjudgment had been given in favoui of the commonwealth against such person for such debt in the supreme court." A right of appeal is given if the debtor is dissatisfied, with injunctions that the court shall give interest for the delay, if the appeal is not sustained, -but; unless such appea,'is made and judgment against the debtor, there is no

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Mloore and others.]
provision in the law for enforcing satisfaction of the lien by sale or other-'wise. It is made to be a dead weight upon the hands of both debtor and creditor, without the means of relieving the one or raising satisfaction for the other.
A great proportion of the argument.for plaintiffs, both here and below, was devoted to the effort to prove that the two settlements enumerated were not subsisting liens at the time of passing the two acts of 1806 and 1807, under which the sale was made to the defendants. But, from this, as a subject of adjudication, we feel relieved by the two decisions cited from the fourth volume of Yeates's Reports: since it appears that this very lien of the 3d of March 1796, has been sustained by a decision of the highest tribunal-in that state, as long ago f.s 1803 (Smith and Nicholson), and that again, in 1805, this decision was considered, and confirmed, and acted upon, in another case in. which the several applications of the principles established in the first case came under consideration. United States v Nichols.
Now the relation in which our circuit courts -tand to the states in which, they respectively sit an--T ac4 isprecise.y.that of their own courts especially.when adjudicating on cases where state lands or state statutes c6me -under adjudication. When we find principles distinctly settled by adjudications, and known and acted upon as the law of the land; we have no more right to question them, Zr deviate from them, than could be correctly exercised by their own tribunals.
It is proper here to notice a relaxation of this principle, into which the court below seems to have been surprised, and in which the argument of counsel in this cause, was calculated to induce this court to acquiesce. In the case first decided in the supreme court of Pennsylvania, to wit that of Smith and Nicholson, 4 Yeates, 8, most of the arguments made use of in this cause- to get rid of the lien of the settlement, and particularly that of a repeal of the act of 1785, or a want of compliance with its requisitions, were pressed upon that court, and carefully examined and disposed of by the judges. But there have been a variety of other grounds taken in the court. below in this cause, and again submitted to this court in argument, which do not appear from the report of that decision to have been brought to the notice of the state court. Such were

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee of Livingston v. -Moore and others.]
the want of notice of the settlement, the want of its being entered in the books of the accounting officer, the balance not being struck in dollars and cents, that the order of settlement was reversed, and as the plaintiffs' counsel.proposed to establish by evidence, that it was not a final and conclusive adjustment of all the existing debits and credits between the parties. Into the examination of most-of these arguments the court below has entered with a view to estimating and repelling their sufficiency, to shake the settlement in which the lien of the settlements is claimed. But we cannot feel ourselves at liberty to pursue the same course, since it supposes the existence of a revising power inconsistent with the authority of adjudications on which the validity of those liens must now be placed. The rule of law being once established by the highest tribunal of a state, courts which propose to administer the law as they find it, are ordinarily bound, in limnne, to presume that, whether it appears from the reports or not, all the reasons which. might have been urged, pro or con, upon the point under consideration, had been examned and disposed of judicially.
It is next contended that the judgment of March 1797, had' absorbed or superseded the liens of the settled accounts.
This ground they proposed to sustain by giving in evidence the journals of .the house of representatives of the commonwealth, exhibiting certain reports of the register-general and of the committee of ways and means, conducing to prove that this judgment was rendered for the ideitical cause of action on which the settlements were founded. This evidence was rejected by the court, and that rejection constitutes one of the causes of complaint on which relief is now sought here.
But this court is satisfied that, supposing the evidence of these journals sufficient to-prove the identity, and in other respects unexceptionable, establishing that fact would not have benefited the cause of the plamtiffs. On this point there is an unavoidable inference to be drawn from. the case United States v. Nichols, for in that case, the lien of a settlement of prior date in favour of the state, was sustained against a subsequent mortgage to the United States, although, as the case chows, there was a judgment upon the same cause of action with the settlement, of a date subsequent to the mortgage to the United States, and obtained upon an appeal from the settlement.

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
Mr Dallas, for the United States, argued, that this appeal suspended the lien, but no one seems to have imagined that the judgment superseded or absorbed the settlement. If to this be added what was asserted by defendants' counseli and acquiesced in by the plaintiffs', that by the settled law of Pennsylvania, a judgment in an action of debt upon a previous judgment, does not destroy the lien of the first judgment, it puts-this question at rest.
In approaching the acts of 1806 and 1807, we are then authorized in assuming, that at the time they were passed the-state held unsatisfied liens upon the lands of John Nicholson to a large amount, under the two settlements of 1776, without any legal means of .raising the money bysale; and also judgments to a great amount, which, by reason of the death of Nicholson, and the want of a personal representative, they were equally precluded from all ordinary means of having satisfied. Thus circumstanced, the legislature passed those acts, the professed and unaffected and only object of which was.to raise, from the sale of John Nicholson's land, money sufficient to satisfy the liens, of the state. In justice to the moral as well as legal and constitutional character of those laws, it is proper to give an outline of their provisions.
It is obvious from the evidence in the cause, that between the date of the settled accounts and the passing of those acts, great changes had taken- place in the possession and property of the lands of John Nicholson. Whether in any or all the cases of such change of property, the tracts sold became disdharged of the liens of the state or not, is not now the question. if they were, the holders were at liberty to assert their rights against the state. In this case no such discharge is set up; the tract was one thathad remained the property of Nicholson. There were then three interests to be regulated, first, that of the state, second, that of the persons in possession, and third, that of the heirs of Nicholson. That the state was not unmindful of the last, is distinctly shown by the offer of compromise tendered to the family before the act of 1806 was passed, and by adopting a mode of sale calculated as much as possible to avoid throwing back the purchaser upon the heirs for damages, where sales had been made by their ancestor. Hence, the plan of the act of 1806 was this: first, to ascertain

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
all the lands affected by the lien throughout the state; then to assess each rateably, according to the amount of the debt, instead of selling-each and all as they could be discovered, at the same time allowmg a discretion in the commissioners to compromise with persons claiming an interest in the lands,.and to assign over an interest in the lien proportionate to the sum received upon such compromise, of course, obviating, so far, the necessity of a resort to a sale or to litigation.
Here there was a general offer to all persons claiming an interest in these lands, of a release from the lien, upon paying the sum thus assessed rateably and according to value; and it was only when the offer was not accepted, or where no one claimed an interest, that the general power to sell came into exercise. Nor was it then to be exercised until after a report made to the governor, and under process issmng from him: ample notice was required to be given of the sale, and a credit not exceeding four years allowed. It is true, that by the terms of these acts, the power of selling is extended to "any body of lands, late the property of the said John Nicholson deceased, which are subject to the lien of the commnonwealth, under and by virtue of process to be issued by. the governor, either in gross or by separate tracts, as to them, or a majority of them, may appear most advisable;" but there is nothing which authonzes or requires the commissioners to sell all the lands of J. Nicholson, or an acre more than what Ls necessary to satisfy the liens: and so the words, just recited, import, since, after raising by sale enough to satisfy the liens, it could no longer,be predicated of any of those lands that "they are subject to the liens of the commonwealth," in the language of the section which gives the power to sell. And it is true also, that the money is required to be paid by the purchasers into the treasury; but this is obviously a measure solely intended to secure the proceeds from again falling into dangerous hands; and if the power to sell be limited by its very nature and terms, to the raising of enough to satisfy these liens, on what ground can exceptiqn be taken to this precaution? How can it work an injury to heirs or creditors? to say nothing of a reasonable dependence upon the justice and good faith of the country to refund any surplus, supposing the commissioners were at.liberty to raise a gurplus by sale.
Nor can,any reasonable exception be takento the discretionVOL. VII.-3 T

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Livingstony. Moore and others.]
ax'y power given to sell "in gross or by separate tracts ;"when it is c6srdered. how very possible it was that sales might be effected in gross when they could not be made in detail. Speculators might not be induced to adventure otherwise, and the separation ofcontiguous tracts might often destroy or diminish the value of each:
After presenting this expos6 of the design and operation of these laws, we shall search in vain in the constitution of the state or the United States, or even in the principles of common right, for any provision or principles to impugn them. and on this point I am instructed to report it as the decision of this court, that the words used in the constitution of Pennsylvania, in declaring the extent of the powers of its legislature, are sufficiently comprehensive to embrace the powers exercised over the estate of Nicholson in the two acts under consideration, and that there are no restrictions, either express or implied, in that constitution, sufficient to control and limit the general terms of the grant of legislative power to the bounds which the plaintiffs would prescribe to it.
For mi self, individually, I must use the pnvilege of assigning the reasons which claim my concurrence in that opinion.
The objection made to tho exercise of this power is, that it is one of a judicial character, and could not exist in the legislature of a country having a constitution which distributes the powers of government into legislative, executive and judicial.
I will not pause to examine the question, whether the subjectiou of property to the payment of judgments, be in fact a matter appertaming. essentially to 3udicwl power, or whether, after deciding that the debt is due, the judgment action does not cease, and all that follows is the exercise of legislative or executive power; another view of the subject will, in my opinion, dispose of this question.
The power existing in every body politic is an absolute despotism in constituting a government, the body politic distributes that power as it pleases, and in the quantity it pleases, and imposes what checks it pleases upon its public functionaries. The natural distribution and the necessary distribution to individual security, is into legislative, executive and judicial, but it is obvious that every community may make a perfect -orinperfect separation and distribution of these powers at its will. It has pleased Pennsylvania, in her constitution,

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[ILessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
to make what most jurists would pronounce an imperfect sep. aration of those powers, she has not thought it necessary to make any imperative provision for incorporating, the equity jurisdiction in its full latitude into her juiisprudence and the consequence is, as it ever will be, that so far as her common law courts are incapable of assuming and exercising that branch of jurisdiction, her legislature must often be called upon to pass laws which bear a close affimty to decrees in equity. Of that character are the acts of 1806 and 1807 under consideration. The relations iih which the state and John Nicholson s estate stood to each other, presented a clear case for equitable relief, a lien on the one hand, and property to satisfy it on the other, but no common law means of obtaining a sale. Thus circumstanced, is there any thing in the constitution of Pennsylvania to prevent the passing of these lawsl
When it is intimated that the separation of the pnmary powers of government is incomplete under the constitution- of. Pennsylvania, it may be necessary to submit a few observations explanatory of the idea.
It is true that the separation of common law from equity jurisdiction is peculiar to Great Britain, no other of the states of the old world having adopted it. But it is equally true that in no other of the states of'the old world did the trial by jury constitute a part of their jurisprudence, and every practical lawyer knows that to give jurisdiction to a court of equity, or to.distinguish a case of equity jurisdiction from-one of common law under the British practice, the averment is indispensable that the complainant is remediless at law. When iti s said that the separation of common law from equity jurisdiction is peculiar to Great Britain, it must only be understood, that it is there exercised by distinct courts and under distinct forms. For, as an essential branch or exercise of judicial power,. it is acknowledged to eist every where nor is it possible for any one acquainted with its nature- and character, and the remedies it affords for the.assertion of rights or the punishment of wrongs, to doubt that the power to exercise it, and the means of exercising it, must exist some where; or the administration ofjustice will be embarrassed if not incomplete. To administer it through the ordinary powers of a common law court is impracticable, and hence, wherever there exists no provision

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee ofLivingston v. Moore and others.)
in the jurisprudence of a country for its full exercise, the consequence must ever be, that after the common law courts have ingrafted into their practice as much as can be there assumed, the legislature is compelled to exercise the rest, or else leave a large space for the appropriate field of judicial action unoccupied.
A specimen of this will be found in the early legislation of the state of South Carolina, in which, before the establishment of a court of equity, laws are frequently found authorizing admimstrators or others to sell lands for the payment of debtsi and for similar purposes. And it has been admitted in argument, that similar laws are of frequent occurrence in Pennsylvania.
The provisions of the constitution of that state on the subject of legislative and judicial power, are as follows. Art. 1, sect. 1. "The legislative power of this commonwealth shall be vested in a general assembly, which shall consist of a senate and house of representatives."
Art. 4, sect. 1. "The judicial power of the commonwealth shall be vested in a supreme court, in courts of oyer and termmner and general jail delivery, in a court of common pleas, orphan's court, register's court, and a court of quarter sessions of the peace of each county, in justices of the peace, and m such other courts as the legislature may from time to time establish."
Art. 4, sect. 6: "The supreme court and the several courts -of common pleas, shall, besides the powers heretofore usually exercised by them, have the powers of a court of chanceiy so far as relates to the perpetuating of testimony, the obtaining of evidence from places not within the state, and the care of the persons and estates of those who are non compos mentis, and the legislature shall vest in the said courts such other powers to grant relief in, equity as shall be necessary, and may from time to time enlarge or dimimsh those powers, or vest them m such other courts as they may judge proper for the due admmistration of justice."
It is clear from these quotations, that the legislature possess all the legislative power that the body politic could confer, except so far as they are restricted by the instrument itself. It is equally clear that the constitution recogmizes the distinction between common law and equity powers, and the existence of equity powers beyond what it has vested in the supreme court.

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee of Livingston v. 'Moore and others.]
But what provision has it made for the exercise of those powers - No other than this, that the legislature shall vest in the said courts such other powers to grant relief in equity as shall be found necessary. But where is the limitation prescribed to the legislature in judging of the necessity of vesting such powers I They have not thought it necessary to invest their courts with such powers and if the reason which influenced them in judging it unnecessary was, that they held themselves competent to afford the necessary relief by the exercise of legislative power, where is the restriction in the copstitution that controls them in thus extending or applying the powers with which they hold themselves to be constitutionally vested I They are sought m vain.
Again, "they may from time to time enlarge or dimimsh those powers, or vest them in such other courts as they shall judge propei, for the due administration of justice." Now they have, by the first section of the same article, the power to establish what courts they please, and suppose they thought proper to have vested the whole equity jurisdiction not specifically disposed of, m a board of commissioners, instead of vesting specific powers in such a board, where is the constitutional provision that inhibits such an act of legislation I
The plaintiff contend that it is to be found in the 'bill of rights of that state or in the constitution of the United States..
Both those constitutions contaltfie provision against the violation of contracts; and the. plafitiffs' counsel insists that there were three coiitracts in existence, between the state of Pennsylvania and John Nicholson, two'of them express, and ere implied.
The first express conract he finds in the acts of 1782 and 1785, which, in giving the lien upon public accounts, declare that they shall be liens "in the same manner as if judgment had been given in the supreme court." This he construes into a contract that they shalh be enforced- in the same manner as such a judgment, to wit by judicial process, and then finds the violauon of the contract, in the acts which provide for the raising of the money to satisfy those liens by the sale of the land, through this board of commissioners. But a single observaton we think disposes of this exception, which is, that the lien of a judgment, of a mortgage, or any other lien, is a

,SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
very different idea from that of the means by which the lien is to be enforced, the one is the right, the other is the remedy" the one constitutes the contract, and the other the remedy afforded by the policy of the country, where it is not provided by the terms of the contract, for enforcing or effecting the execution of it. The first is unchangeable, without a violation of right, the other may be subject to change at the will of the government. And, it may be further observed in the present instance, that the reference to a judgment in the supreme court, is clearly descriptive or illustrative of the meaning of the legislature, with reference only to the binding efficacy-of the lien given on these public accounts.
The second express contract is found by the plaintiffs in the confession of judgment on the 21st- March 1797; and the violation of this also, is not enforcing it by judicial process.
This is obviously an attempt to give the character of a contract to that which is nothing more than an obligation, or duty, or necessity imposed by-the laws of society. The confession of a judgment does indeed create a contract; but itis only on the side of the defendant, who thus acknowledges or assumes upcn himself a debt,- which may be made the grokind of an action. But on the side of the plaintiff, the necessity 'bf resorting to certain means of enforcing that judgment, is not an obligation arising out of contract, but one imposed upon him by the laws of the country
Again, it may be answered, if there was in fact such a contract imputable to the state, the performance had become impossible by the act of God, and of the party himself, by his death, and by that confusion of his-affairs, which prevented every one from assuming the character of his personal repre-
sentative We proceed to the third, or the implied contract, that which
is deduced from the oflignal grant of ti land to John Nicholson. This sale, it is insisted, is inconsistent with that contract of grant, that it amounts in fact to a resumption of the land and in connexion with tins, the point of inconsistency with the reason and nature of things, was argued and commented upon.
The answer which the case here furnishes we think is.this that subjecting the lands of a grantee to the payment of his debts, can never impair or contravene the rights derived to

JANUARY TERM 1833.
(Lessee of Livngston v. Moore and others.]
him under his grant, for in the very act, the full effect of.the transfer of interest to him is recognized and asserted because it is his, is the direct and only reason for subjecting it to his debts.
But it is asserted that in this case the community sits m judgment in its own cause, when it affirms the debt to be due for which the land is subjected to sale, and then subjects the land to sale to satisfy its own decision thus rendered.
This view of 1he acts of the state, is clearly not to be sustained by a reference to the facts of the case. As to the judgment of 1797, that is unquestionably a judicial act, and as to the settled accounts, the lien is there created by the act of men who, quoad hoc,.were acting in a judicial character; and their decision being subjected to an appeal to the ordinary, or rather the highest of the tribunals of the country, gives to those settlements a decided judicial character: and were it otherwise, how else are the interests of the state to be protected! The body politic has its claims upon the constituted authorities, as well as individuals, and if the plaintiffs' course of 'reasoning could be permitted to prevail, it would then follow .that provision might be made for collecting the debts of every one else, but those of the state must go unpaid, whenever legislative aidbecame necessary to both. This would be pushing the reasQn and nature of things beyond the limits of natural justice.
It is next contended,, that the acts of 1806 and 1807 are unconstitutional and void, because contrary to the ninth section of the Pennsylvania bill'of rights, which provides, in the words of magna charta, that no one shall be deprived of his property but by the laws of the land.
This exception has already been disposed of by the view that has been taken of the nature and character of those laws. It has been shown that there is nothing in this provision either inconsistent with natural justice or the constitution -of the state: there is nothing of an arbitrary character in them.
They are also charged with being cQntrary to the ninth article of the amendmnents of the constitution of the United States, and the sixth section of the Pennsylvaniabill of rights, securing the trial by juy.
As to the amendments of the constitution of the United States, they must be put out of the case; since it is now settled

SUPREME COURT.
[Lessee of Livingston v. Moore and others.]
that those amendments do not extend to the states: and this observation disposes of the next exception, which relies on the seventh article of those amendments. -A- s to the sixth section of the Pennsylvania bill of rights, we can see nothing in these laws on which to fasten the imputation of a violation of the right of trial by jury; since, in creating the lien attached to the settled accounts, the right of an appeal to a jury is secured to the debtoir" and as to the inquest given under the execution law, with a view to ascertaining if the rents and profits can discharge the debt in a limited time, as a prelude to the right of selling; we are well satisfied that there is no more reason for extending the provision of the amendment to that inquest, than. there would be to the inquest of a coroner, or any other mere inquest of office. The word trial, used in the sixth section, clearly points to a different obiect, and the distinction between trial by jury and inquest of office, is so familiar to every mind, as to leave no sufficient ground for extending to the latter that inviolability- which could have been intended only for the former. The one appertins to a mere.zemedy for the recovery of money, winch may be altered at any time -without any danger to private security; the other is justly regarded m every state in -the union, 4s among the most mestimable privileges of a freeman.
The two remaining grounds urged for impugning the constitutionality of these laws, have been disposed of by observations already made.
It only remains to consider the point made upon the rejection of cei tainevidence proposed tobe introduced, theobject of which was to invalidate the-settled accounts, by showing that, in fact, the accounts between the state and Nicholson never were settled, that is, finally and conclusively settled. Here again, as was remarked of -the evidence already considered, admitting the fact proposed to be proved, what could it avail the party in this suit?- As far as the accounts were settled and certified, the law gave the lien for the amount certified; and why should that benefit be deferred until the last possible shilling in dispute should be finally passed upon, delayed perhaps until lost, or until the debtor could no longer parry the decision, and thus give a preference to others at his will'l
If,then, the fact intended to be established by.the evidence

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Lessee ofLivingston v. Moore and others.]
could not have availed the plaintils, the court could have committed no error in rejecung it, whatever may have been the reasons given for the rejection.
We are of opimon that there is no error in the judgment below, and it will accordingly be affirmed, with costs.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Pennsylvania, and wa. argued by counsel on consideration whereof it is ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said circuit court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs.
VOL. VII.-3 U

JANUARY TERM 1833.
IN THE* MATTER OF THE UNITED STATES V. EIGHTY-FOURBoxEs OF SUGAR, TUFTS AND CLARKE CLAIMANTS.
The claimants of eighty-four boxes of sugar, seized in the port of New Or. leans, for an alleged breach of the revenue laws, and condemned as forfeited to the United States for having been entered as brown istead of white sugar, claimed an app eal from the district court of the Uriited States to the supreme court. The, sugars, while under seizure, were appraised at two thousand s= hundred and two dollars and fifty-one cents; and after. condemnation they.were sold for two thousand three hundred and thirtyeight dollarsand forty-eight cents; leaving, after deducting the expenses and costs ofsale, the sun oftwo thousand one hundrea and fifty dollars and sir cents. The duties ontlie sugars, considering them as white or brown, being deducted from the amount, reduced thenet proceeds below two thousand dollars, the amount upon wnch an appeal could be taken. Held,, that the value m controversy was the value of the property at the time of the sezre, exclusive of the duties, and that the claimant had a right to appealto this court.
'The statute under which these sugars were seized and condemned, isahiglily penal law, and'should, in conformity with the rule on the subject, be construed strictly. If eitherthrough accident or mistake the sugars were entered by a different denomination from what their qualityrequired, a forfeiture is not incurred.
FROM the district court of the district of East Louisiana. In the port of New Orleans, eighty-four boxes of sugar, im-
ported from Matanzas, were entered as brown sugar, and were seized by the officers of the customs for having been so enter, ed, the same being alleged to be white sugar, and therefore forfeited'to the United States; a libel was filed against the whole importation, but afterwards a part of the cargo was released, and the proceedings in the libel were against the remaining eighty-four boxes. The whole parcel had consisted of one hundred and fifty-five boxes, of which seventy-one were marked B, and eighty-four marked C: The seventy-one boxes released were marked C, and of the eighty-four remainmg, seventy were marked B, and fourteen were marked C.
In the answer of the claimants, all fraudilent intention is denied, and the character of the sugar, as entered, is asserted,

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Eighty-four Boxes of Sugar.]
and the claimants also allege, that if the contrary shall be adjudged by the court, th6 just conclusion should be that a istake has been committed, and not that a ftaud waq meditated.
The sugars while under seizure were appraised by two officers of the customs at two thousand six hundred and two dollars fifty-one cents. After their condemnation tbhy were sold by the marshal of the United.States at a public sale for two thousand three hundred and tlurty-eight dollars forty-eight cents, leaving two thousand one hundred and fifty dollars six cents after deducting the costs and the charges attending the suit and sale. Upon the sugars Whether white or brown; the duties amounted to a sum sufficient to reduce the net proceeds below two thousand dollars,. considering the sugars as white sugars these proceeds would be one thousand three hundred and eighty-eight dollars thirty-six cents.
Testimony was taken as to the real nature and description of the sugars, all of which was set forth in the record of the proceedings ii the district court, and which is particularly referred to'in the opinion of this court. The district court conderaned the sugars as forfeited to the United States, for having been entered under a false denommation, the entry stating them to have been brown sugars and the court having adjudged them to have been white sugars.
The claimants prayed an appeal, which the district court refused to allow, taking the giound that the value of the property in dispute was not above two thousand dollars: and insisting, that to ascertain the value, the duties must be deducted from flie amount of sales, which deduction would leave a sum much below two thousand dollars.
Upon this refusal, notice was given to ihe district judge and distnct.attorney, of an application to this court for a mandamus, for the allowance of the appeal. And the case came before the court upon a motion for such a mandamus. The record in court being full, it was, to avoid delay, agreed that if this court shall consider that the case admits of an appeal, it may, on the present transcript, proceed to decide the merits of the cause.

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States v. Eighty-four Boxes of Sugar.]
The case was argued by Mr Mayer, for the appellants; and by Mr Taney; attorney-general, for the United States.
For the appellants, Mr Mayer contended. 1. That. the value of the property in suit, in reference to the right of appeal, is the amount of money into which it is convertible, and that the sales made in this case, are the best test of the value of the sugar, and decide the value of property in dispute to be abovze two thousand dollars, that in such a case, to learn the value, the court ought not to make any deduction for the amount of duties-a subject, as regards value, entirely collateral to the goods, the productive capacity of the goods to yield the amount for paying the duties, being, in itself, a part of their essential value. On the merits, he -contended 1. That the testimony shows that the sugars ought to be considered brown. 2. Thatwhether adjudged brown or white, there is no ground for forfeiture of the sugars, the testimony exhibiting justification for a belief that the sugars should be, or might be, denomnated brown, and the court's opinion, if to the contrary, only settling a doubt, and at most establishing an error of judgment, and not a wilful deception. That no presumption of fraudulent representation necessarily arises from showing a specification of an entry to be incorrect in regard to the commercial character or designation of an article, when that incident of the article is speculative, or may be variously interpreted, or when, at all events, as in this case, it is variously defined by the opinions and expenence of commercial witnesses. 3. That the testimony of the custom house officers is incompetent, that it is inadmissible, at least as-to declarations of Mr Tufts, and that, under any view, it is entitled to but little weight, siceq it must have been governed by the prepossessions which led themito seize the sugar, and tomes in aid of tlir act of seizure On tie point of jurisdiction, Mr Mayer argued, that the value of the propeitv in question, in reference to the right of

SUPREME COURT.
tUnited States v. Eighty-four Boxes of Sugar.1
appeal, is commensurate with.the party's interest and is the amount of money into which the sibject matter is convertible; that the sales made in this case, are the best test of the value of the sugar, and decide the value of property in dispute to be above two thousand dollars; that, to learn the. value, the court ought not to make any deduction for the amount of duties, a subject, as regards value, entirely collateral to the goods; the productive capacity of the goods to yield the amount for paying the duties themselves being in itself a part of their essential value. The lien of the United States on imported goods for the duties gives the government no property in them, and does not impair in any degree the proprietary interest of the individual throughout the whole property. No lien would have such an effect in regard to the owner's interest; but the lien for duties is not one of as proprietary a character as the lien of mortgage, or a sailor's lien, or a judicial lien of.any kind. The existence of the lien in no case extinguishes the personal liability. It does not in case of duties; because, no matter what may be the fate of the goods held for the dutiess the personal liability continues.
A mortgagor may insure the vessel mortgaged, without specif;'ng his interest as incumbered, and recover as owner. 2 Canfes's Rep. 19; Cames's Ca. Er. 124, 1 Johns. Rep. 385. Even a mortgage of land is not in effect regarded as giving an interest in the land, even at law; but is looked on as a mere chattel interest. 11 Johns. Rep. 534, 15 Johns. Rep. 319. The utmost, in respect of the duty claim, to be pretended by the United States, is an interest in the proceeds of the goods liable to duty; but such an interest is not an interest in the properiy. In case of an insurance, an averment of interest in the property would not be sustained by proof of right to the proceeds. 11 Johns. Rep. .302.
Under the poor laws in England, property, though mortgaged, will "supporta claim of settlement at its full value. as if not mortgaged. 6 Term Rep. 755, 1 W BI. 598. A mortgagor of a ship cannot commit barratry, because deemed the owner. Marsh. Ins. 528. A mortgage of a ship is regarded as only a rightf by means of the ship to enforce payment of the mortgage debt. *Themortgagor is liable for the ship's repairs, as if no mortgage were made. I H. Blac. 117;, Abbott, 117.

JANUARY TERM 1833.

..457

[United States v. Eighty-four Boxes of Sugar.]
The questiolt of duties was not involved in this case in the court below. The claim for the duties was not therefore to be recognized by the court. The pretensions of the United States in the case, were paramount to all ownership or claims of duties, as the government demanded the whole property, under the charge of unlawful importation. The obligation and the claim for duties are incidental only to lawful importation. It is therefore contradictory to the very nature of such a case as the present, to assume that the claim for amount of duties can be judicially known or regarded in it. But in the very question of duties the owner of the goods has an interest, and it may be a subject of judicial controversy; and what is the value of that interest but the amount of the dutiesQ It is no answer to say.that the property has been here condemned and sold, and that the claimant can be restored only to the amount of- sales remaining after deducting for the duties. For the purposes of the appeal only, the judgment complained of, and not the acts done in pursuanceof the erroneous judgment, is to be regarded. The appellate court can take notice of the execution of the erroneous judgment only after reversing the judgment, and to determine the mode of doing justice to the appellant on the reversal. The consequences of the judgment constitute the ground of the complaint against it, and cannot come in to sustain it. As regards the present question, the sugars are to be treated as in their original specific condition. 'It is a cause of complant that they were not allowed to remain so, but were converted into money, by adverse proceedings. Suppose the importer had wished to use the merchandize himself, would it not be deemed to be of the value to him of the cost and the amount of duties I Or, suppose that he intended to export the property and receive the drawback; where
in such case is the propritary interest to the amount of duties of governmentin the merchandize2 A_ re not these tobe considered by the court as rights, and rights of -property in the importer, respected by our revenue system7 But the theory of the district court in this case would contravene all tlus pnvilege, on every fair inference to be drawn from its existence. It may also be said too, that in reference to sales of merchandize even tor home consmnption, the amount of the duties is
VOL. VI.-3 H

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Eighty-four Boxes of Sugar.]
part of its worth, its value. It has been decided that the nporter is liable for duties, although another to whom he has sold the merchandize before entry has given bond and security for the duties. 1 Mason's Rep. 482. If the merehandize, while held at the custom house for duties, is destroyed, still the owner would be liable for the duties. Do not all these liabilities constitute an interest to the extent of the amount of duties involved in theiii9 and, if so, that amount is part of the value of the property -sconcerns the owner of it.
On the merits it was contended, that in a proceeding of forfeiture like this, the rules of evidence applying to penal or criminal proceedings are to be observed, and that, accordingly, fi'audulent intention must be proved. Unexplained discrepancy between the entry and' the package may testify the sinister purpose, but still the court must be satisfied of that purpose having existed before it will condemn m a case of this description. 9 Wheat. 430. 3 Wheat. 232. 6 Wheat. 120. 2 Mason, 48. 12 Wheat. 480. 1 Paine, 129, 499.
Whether adjudged brown or white, there is no ground for forfeiture of the sugars, the testimony exhibiting justification fbr a belief that the sugars should, or might be, determined brown, and the court's opinion to the contrary only settling a doubt, and at most establishing an error of judgment and not a wilful deception. no presurnption of fraudrltenc representation necessarily arises from showing a specification of an entry to be incorrect in regard to the commercial character or designation of an article, when that incident of the article is speculative, ui may be variously inte preted, or when, at all events, as in this case, it is variously defined by the opinions and experience of commercial witnesses.
Mr Taney, attorney-general, contended that the opinion of the district judge of Louisiana in condemning the sugare, and refusing. the appeal, was correct.
Mr Justice M'LEAN delivered the opinion of the Court, This case is brought before the court, by an application for a mandamus to be directed to the judge of the court of the, United-States for the district of Lousiamna, requiring him to allow an appeal from the judgment of that court.-

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States v.'Eightyfour Boxes of Sugar.]
In their petition the claimants state, that the eighty-four boxes of sugar were consigned to them at New Orleans, and that on their arrival, they were libelled by the United States for an alleged breach of the revenue laws ;. that the sugars were v6lued by the two custom house appraisers at two thousand six hundred and two dollars fifty-one cents-; that they were afterwards condemned and sold by the marshal at public sale, for two thousand three hundred and turty-eight xdollars forty-eight cents, leaving two thousand one hundred and fifty dollars six cents, after deducting the costs and charges of the sale.
From the judgment of. condemnation the claimants prayed an appeal to the -supreme court, which was refused, on the ground that the value of the sugars, exclusive of duties, is less than two thousand dollars.
By consent of parties, if the claimants shall, in the judgment of this court, be entitled to an appeal, the merits of the case shall be considered as regularly before the court, for a final decision.
Whether the claimants were entitled to an appeal, is the first point to be considered.
The decision of this question depends on the amount in controversy If it be "less than two thousand dollars, the judgnient of the district court was final, and cannot be revised by an appeal.
The judgmnt of condemnation was entered on the 9th of April 1831, and on the 28th of the same month, under the order of the court, the marshal sold the property.
On the 19th of April an appeal was prayed, and an orde, was made, that the district attorney should show cause on the 23d of the same month, why an appeal should not be granted.
In his opinion against the right of the claimants to an appeal, the district judge says, that "the supreme court has lately, in the case of Gordon v. Ogden, decided, that the defendant cannot support an appeal, from a judgment obtained against him in the court below for a less stun than two thousand dollars, because thatjudgment is the onlkr matter in dispute" "In this case," the judge says,""the thing demanded on one side was the forfeiture of -a specific quantity of'sugar, and

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Eighty-four Boxes of Sugar.]
on the other the restoration of the same article, the value of which did not amount to two thousand dollars." "1There was no demand of duties, nor could such demand have been takeli into consideration in the case then before the court. There was no contest about the duties."
It will be observed that at the time the judgment of condemnation was entered, and also when the appeal was prayed, the sugars remained in the bands of the proper officer. Suppose the judgment had been given for the restoration of the property, in what form should it have been entered Q Could any part of the property have been detained for the payment of the duties 1 The duties were not then due, and could the court have directed them to be paid, by the sale of a part of the property"
A judgment in favour of the complainants in the district court should have directed the property to be restored to them, on the payment of the duties or securing them to be'paid, according to law. This would have given to the claimants the whole amount of their property, as though no seizure of ifhad been made. Under the law, they were entitled to a credit for the playment of the duties, on the condition of giving bond and security.
Does it not thus appear, that the whole. of the property was the amount in dispute and would have gone into the possession of the claimants had the judgment of the court been in their favour1 How then could it be said in the court below, that the duties must be deducted from the value of the sugars; as forming no part of the controversy, and that by such de.duction the value of the property was reduced below the amount which entitles the claimants to an appeal I
If the claimants had given bond for the payment of the duties, and a judgment of restoration had been entered by the court, before any part of the duties became payable, should the court have'directed them to be paid'I Such an order, under iuch circumstances, would be oppressive and unjust.
The duties having been secured to the government, as the law requires, no wrongful act on the part of the officers of the government, could lessen %theterm of credit fixed by the law und stated in the bond. And if no bond had been given, be-

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States v. Eighty-four Boxes of Sugar.]
cause of the seizure of the property or its restorations, the claimants would lave been at least entitled to a credit for the unexpired time allowed by law for -thepayment of the duties, on their giving the requisite bond and security.
The case must stand before this court on the appeal, as it stood before the district court, at the time the appeal was prayed. No subsequent action of the court in the sale of the property can affect the question. Before this court, therefore, the case must stand, on the judgment of condemnation, and this, before the duties were payable by law. Was not the entire property, and consequently, its full value, rii dispute between the parties at the time judgment waa enteredq
On the one side a condemnation of the property is claimed, on the ground that the revenue law has been violated, and on the other a restoration of the property is demanded. In this view, this court think the right of appeal from the judgment of the ditnct court, was clear, as the value of the property in controversy exceeded two thousand dollars.
The next inquiry is, whether the sugars were entered for the payment of duties, under a false denomination, with a view to defraud the revenue.
The sugars were entered as brown, on which a duty of three cents per pound is paid, and. the libellants contend, that they should have been entered as white, on which a duty of four cents per pound is paid. The quality of the sugars can only be ascertained by a reference to the proof in the case.
The witnesses diffir m their opinion as to the quality of these sugars. Bertrand'and Smelser, two of the custom house officers, say the sugars were white, and their testimony is corroborated by five other witnesses. But a still greater number of witnesses, embracing the largest impbrters of sugars at New Orleans, are of the opinion that the sugars were properly denominated brown, by.the importers. Some of the boxes.appeared to be .whiterthan others, but by far the greater number, as it would
seem from a majority of the. witnesses, were brown. . W Zachane says that he.is engaged m the importation
of Havana sugars, and that had he been ordered to purchase white sugar, he would not have purchased the sugars in question. That if he had entered these sugars. as brown. for the

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Eighty.four Boxes of Sugar.]
payment of duties, lie would not have considered himself as practisng a fraud on the government.
A. Fiske states, that he knew sugar of superior quality imported as brown sugar, and that it is very difficult beforehand for an importer to know how his sugar will be classed. He says, when the qualities of superior brown and inferior w approximate, a very fair difference of opinion may exi"' .s to the quality.
Mr Grant states, that he has bad great experience in white Havana sugar. and after examining the samples of the sugars shown him, says that a majority of them a brown, though there may be a few boxes of white. He would not purchase them as white, on an order for sugar of that quality.
A. R. Taylor and Joseph Cockayne state, substantially, the same facts as Mr Grant.
Mr Suarez says that a portion of the sugar shown him has been white, but being very old, it has become worse than brown, and that he would not purchase it as white sugar. He considers the entire lot brown.
J: H. Shepherd states substantially the same facts. It appears'±hat the planters in Havana mark their white sugars with the letter B, and that the mark for brown is Q, and it appears from the testimony of Bertrand, one of the custom house officers, that he suspected a fr'aud was designed by the importers, as he discovered the marks on the boxes had been changed from B to Q. Two of the boxes had the letter B still on them.
Whether these changes were made by the planter or the importer does not appear; but Fiske and other witnesses state that the marks which are placed on sugars in Havana, depend very much on the fancy of the planters, and that they are sometimes marked B, with the view of selling them higher.
There does not appear to be any thing in these marks which shows that a fraud was contemplated by the importers. Any such inference is rebutted by many respectable witnesses in the case, who state that the sugars are of the quality denominated in the entry
The statute under which these sugars were seized and condemned is a highly penal law, and should, in conformity with

JANUARY TERM 1833.
(United States v. Eighty-four Boxes of Sugar.]
the rule on the subject, be construed strictly. If, either through accident or nistake, the sugars were entered by a different denomination from what their quality required, a forfeiture is not incurred.
Under all the circumstances of this case, the court thunk, that the evidence not only fails to convict the claimants of fraud, in the entry of these sugars by a false denomination, but they think that the weight of testimony is in favour of the quality of the sugars, as stated m the enrtry. They therefore reverse the decree of the district court, and direct said court to enter a decree, that the proceeds of these sugars be restored to the complainants, if the duties shall have been paid, and if they shall not have been paid, as they are now due, that the restoration be of the balance of the proceeds, after deducting the duties.
The court think there was probable cause of seizure, and they direct the fact to be certified.
On consideration of the motion of the claimants, and of the arguments of counsel, as well for the United States as for the claimants, thereupon had, it is now here considered, ordered, adjudged and decreed by this court, that a writ of mandamus, as prayed for, be, and the same is hereby awarded, directed to the judge of the district court of the United States for the eastern district of Lomsiana, ordering him to grant an appeal in the premises.

SUPREME COURT.
GEORGE MORRIS AND DAVID GWYNNE, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR V. THE LESSEE OF JOSIAH HARMER'S HEIRS.
Ejectment for a lot of ground in the city of Cincinnati. A question as to the admission of evidence ofthe declaration of a deceased
person, as to boundary. Historical facts of general and public notoriety may be proved by reputa-
tion, and that reputation may be established by historical works, of known character and accuracy. But evidence of this sort is confined in a great measure to ancient facts which do not'pre-suppose better evidence in existence and where, from the nature of the transaction, or the remoteness of the period, or the public and general reception of the facts, a just foundation is laid for general confidence. The work of a living author who is within the reach of the process of the court, can hardly be deemed of this nature. He may be called as a witness; he may be examined as to the sources and accuracy of his information; and especially if the facts which he relates are of a recent date, and may be fairly presumed to be within the knowledge of many living persons, from whom he has derived his materials; there would seem to be cogent reasons to say that his book was not, under such circumstances, the best evidence within the reach of the parties. Special.circumstances, which were considered as exempting the evidence contamea in a book, called the 1'Picture of Cincinnati," of the date of the survey of the city and laying out lots in part of the same, from the common rule, which justified its admission. The plat of the lots in the city of Cincinnati, which had been recorded, and on which the streets and alleys in the same were designated, and which had been generally recogized and used in the surveys of the lots laid down in the sane, was properly admitted m evidence. The legal title to lands in Ohio can only be passed by a proper conveyance by deed, according to the laws of that state.
IN error to the circuit court of the United States for the district of Ohio.
This was an action of ejectment prosecuted by Eliza Harmer, Josiah Harmer and Wiiliam Harmer, children and heirs at law of Josiah Harmer, deceased, against George Morrs and David Gwynne, to recover possession of a part of a town lot m the city of Cincinnati.
On the trial of the cause, the defendants excepted to the admission of certain evidence, and to the instructions given by the court to the jury upon matters of law.

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Morrms v. The Lessee of Harmer's Heirs.]
To reverse the judgment in favour of the plaintiffs, they prosecuted this writ of error.
The case was was argued by Mr Ewing, for the plaintiffs in error, and by Mr Caswell, for the defendants.
The facts of the case, and the questions of law which were presented for decision, are fully stated in the opinion of the court.
Mr Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the Court. This is a writ of erro. to revise the judgment of the circuit court for the district of Oio, rendered against the plintiffs in error, who were the original defendants in an action of ejectment, commenced in that court in 1828. The original suit is for a lot of land situate in Cincinnati. The original plaintiffs are the heirs of Gen. Josiah Harmer, and claim title to the premises under a deed executed by John Cleves Symmes, then proprietor of the lands, including t-he whole city, on the 6th of May 1791, acknowledged on the 28th of November 1804, and recorded on the 30th of the same month. The boundaries stated in the deed are as follows "on the south on the front or river street, lying directly in front of fort Washington, being -twelve rods wide on the street, including two lots, and extending northerly from the said. front street twenty rods to the -south side of the second street from the Ohio, and adjoining the said second street twelve rods from east to west, and on the east bounded by the lands of his excellency governor St Clair." These lots were without the original bounds of the citv. At the time when this deed was executed, Symmes had 'not procured a legal title thereto under his contract with the United States for his purchase., but he subsequently obtained it in 1794. The defendants, at the trial, set up title to the premises derived under one Ethan Stone, who purchased the lands mentioned in the deed from Syinmes to Harnmer, at a sheriff's sale, on an -execution by one Lanuna against Symnies, and as his property, in March 1803. At the trial there was a good deal of evidence as to the location and boundaries of the lots conveyed bythe deed of Symmes to Harmer, and comprehending the premises, and this consti-

SUPREME COURT
[Morrs v. The Lessee of Hamer's Heirs.]
tuted one of the points in controversy The defendants also, to rebut the plaintiffs' title, gave in evidence the record of the proceedings in a suit in chancery, prosecuted by Harmer against Stone in the supreme court of Ohio in 1811, the object of which was to procure a decree against Stone for a release and surrender of his title to these lots, under the sheriff's sale, upon the ground expressly stated in the bill, that the deed of conveyance from Symmes to Harmer, m 1791 (the former having then acquired no legal title), conveyed only an equitable title to Harmer, and that Stone had fll notice thereof at the time of his purchase under the sheriff's sale. Pending the proceedings, Harmer died, and the suit was revived in behalf of the widow and heirs of Harmer, all of whom, except one, were then under age, and prosecuted their suit by their mother as their next friend. Afterwards, in 1817, a decree was made m favour'of the plaintiffs, directing Stone to release all his title to the land according to the boundaries contained in the deed from Symmes to Harmer, and to yield up the possession accordingly The heirs of Harmer did not all amve at age until 1825. After the rendition of this decree, one George W Jones was employed by Mrs Harmer to procure a release from Stone pursuant to the decree. He testified that he came to Cincinnati in 1821. That before leaving the city of Philadelphia, Mrs Harmer requested him to take the agency of their claim in Cincinnati, then in the hands of Jesse Hunt, and to receive a conveyance from Stone of the lands decreed to the heirs of Harmer, and take possession of the same. That, at that time, all the heirs except one were minors, and with her who was of full age, he had no conversation respecting the matter, nor had he any written authority to act as agent for any of them. That after his arrival at Cincinnati he applied to Stone for a conveyance, and after some difficulty and delay, he got him to go upon the ground in company with Mr Este, the attorney at law for Harner's heirs, and Mr Gest; a surveyor, and the land was set off,by Stone, as he (Stone) claimed was correct. The surveyor handed him a plan of survey, and Stone executed a release of the same to Harmer's heirs. That the witness knew nothing of the situation of the town, or the true locality of the lots. He had no agency in, nor did he ever know of the additional description of the four town lots as men-

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[forris v. The Lessee of Harmer's Heis.]
tioned in the deed of release made by Stone, nor did ne know that it conveyed other or different ground than was described in the deed made by Symmes to Harmer.
It was also proved on the part of the plaintiffs, that in 1824 an execution was issued against Stone, and levied upon a triangular piece of ground at the junction of Ludlow and Front streets (part of the premises mcluced in the deed of release of Stone, and contended to be not included in the deed of Synimes to Harmer), as Stone's property, and bought at the sheriff's sale, in February 1825, by one Timothy Kirby, who afterwards, in June 1827, conveyed the same to Jones, and Stolle afterwards, in August of the same year, upon a representation that it was bought by Jones- for Harmer's heirs, to quiet their title, executed a release thereof to Kirby.
It was also proved that Harmer's heirs have always been in the undisturbed possession of the land released by Stone to them, under the decree. That about the year- 1821 or 1822, Josiah Harmer, one of the heirs, then a minor, but who came of age in 1823, came to Cincinnati, and wishing to erect a house on the corner of the triangular piece of ground above referred to, contracted for the building of the same, which was erected thereon, and has ever since been in the possession and occupancy of persons holding under Harmer's heirs, and paying rent to them.
This statement of facts is necessary to understand the instructions prayed of the court, which will hereafter comeunder consideration. Before proceeding to consider them, it will be proper to dispose of some minor exceptions taken to certain evidence, which was admitted at the trial.
It has been already stated, that one of the points of controversy at the trial was as to the true location and boundary of the lots conveyed by Symmes to Harmer. One Thomas Henderson, a witness, among other things, testified that "he had heard a number of the old citizens of Cincinnati, now dead, speak of the situation of the lots sold by Symmes to Harmer, and named.particularly Joel Williams, one of the old proprietors of the other part of the town, and David Zeigler, who, lie said, was the reputed agent of Gen. Harmer, and m the conversation spoken of, warmly censured-Ethan Stone for attempting to take from Harmer his property." The defendants ob-

-SUPREME COURT.
[Morrs v. The Lessee of Harmer's Heirs.]
jected to the admission of Zeigler's declaration, as to the location of said lots; which objection was overruled by the court, and the statement of said Zeigler, as testified by said witness, was admitted in evidence to the jury. The defendants excepted to the admission of this evidence.
It is observable that the exception is not general to the declarations of Zeigler, but only to that which. respected the location of the lots. Nor does it appear that any declaration of Zeigler was given in evidence, except what is above stated. Now, if Zeigler made no other declaration, or the plaintiffs waived giving any other declaration in evidence, notwiths tanding the court ruled it to be admissible, it is diflicult to perceive how this exception can be maintained, .or how the defendants have been prejudiced. As far as Zeigler's declaration is in evidence, it is merely introductory, that he spoke '1 of the situation of the lots;" and it no where appears that any further declaration, except in this general way, was in evidence. Such a statement, so utterly inconsequential, cannot form any proper matter of exception. It proves nothing; and can be considered in no other light than as the -introductory language of the witness himself.
The plaintiffs then offered to read from Dr Drake's work, called a picture of Cincinnati, the date of the surveying and laying out lots in that part of Cincinnati which lies east of the garrison reservation. To the admission of this book in evidence, the defendants objected, the author being (as was agreed) alive, and his deposition, as to other matters, taken in the cause. The court overruled the objection, and admitted the evidence to go to the jury To this decision, also, the defendants excepted.
If this exception were to 'be considered solely upon the general principles of the law.of evidence, we should think that it was well taken. All eNndence of this sort must be considered as mere hearsay; and certainly, as -hearsay, it is of no very satisfactory character. Historical facts, of general and public notoriety, may indeed be proved by reputation, and that reputation may be established by historical works of known character and accuracy. Btt evidence of this sort is confined in a great measure to ancient facts, which do not presuppose better evidence in existence, and where, from the nature of the trans-

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Moms v. The Lessee of Harmer's Heis.]
actions, or the remoteness of the period, or the public and general reception of the fats, a just foundation is laid for general confidence. See 1 Starkie's Evid. pl. 1, sect. 40 to 44, p. 60 to 64, 1 Starkie's Evid. pl. 2, sect. 55, p. 180, 181. But the work of a living author, who is within the reach of process of the court, can hardly be deemed-of this nature. He may be called as a witness. He may be examined as to the sources and accuracy of his information, and especially if the facts which he relates are of a recent date, and may be fairly presumed to be within the knowledge of many living persons, from whom he has -derived his matenals; there would seem to be cogent reasons to say, that his book was not, under such circumstances, the best evidence within the reach of the parties.
But we think there are special circumstances in tins case which exempt the evidence from the common rule, and justify its adnssion. Doctor Drake had been already used by the defendants as a witness in the cause, on th6 point as to location and boundary of the lots. He stated, among other things, that he was present when Joseph Gest, the city surveyor, made a survey of the foundation of old fort Washington, a plat and description of which, by Gest, was then before him, and was in the case: and after stating his belief of its accuracy, and his reasons for so believing, he added, "finally, m preparing a plat of the town for the picture of Cincinnati m 1814, 1 took great pains to lay down the site of the fort correctly, and I find that the plat made by Mr Gest corresponds almost exactly with itv, And in answer to a further question of the defendants, what would be the location of four lots, the calls for which were directly in front of fort Washington, nie stated, "they must all lie between Ludlow street and Broadway, that is,.west of Ludlow street." Now, these'answers, which were brought out upon the defendants' own inquiries of their own witness, seem to us to justify the admission of the book of Doctor Drake, fox the purpose of explaining, qualifying, or controlling his evidence. The remarks of Dr Drake in his book, as to the date of the surveying and laying out lots in that part of Cincinnati wich lies east of 'the garrison reservation, (and which was comprehended in the scope of his testimony,) might have been important for this purpose: and at all events, the plaintiffs might properly refer to this book to show statewents? which

SUPREME COURT.
[Mforris v. The Lessee of Harmer's Hes.]
might affect the results of his testimony. In this view we think the evidence was admissible; and its bearing in any other view is not shown to have been in the slightest degree material to the cause;
The defendants subsequently offered in evidence a maD contained in the same book, it being a plan of. the town of Cincinnati, exhibiting the same plan of the town as that offered by the plaintiffs, except that the four first lots were not numbered. The plaintiffs then produced another plat marked No. 3, and again called Henderson, who testified that he saw the plat for the first time in 1809, while the depositions in perpetuum used in this cause were taking. That the said plat was shown to him by John C. Symmes, in the presence of Daniel Symmes. That the writing thereon, and the lines, but not the numbers, were then put upon it in the hand writing of J. C. Symmes. That m 1811 the said plat was again shown to him, at which time the figures numbering the lots wereupon it, and he recognized these figures as being in the hand writing of Daniel Symmes. That he, then, at the request of the proprietors and several of the old citizens of the town, copied the plat, protracting it on a larger scale, and placed his copy on the records of the county; and that the same has since governed him, and all other surveyors, as far as he has known, in surveys made in that part of the town, now city of Cincinnati. That this plan was recorded for the purpose of preserving the original plan of that part of the town which was laid out by J. C. Symmes; and the inhabitants of Cincinnati have since recognized it as the true plan of the said part of the town, except Ethan Stone, then in possession of the block in which the land in controversy is situated, who denied its correctness. That this was the only plan of that part of the city known and recognized by the citizens of Cincinnati, that the size and number of the streets and alleys were determined with reference to that plan, that all the surveys of the lots, streets and alleys in that part of the city were made with ieference to that plan, so far as lie knows; that he never knew of any other plan, and no other was ever adopted as the plan of the upper part of the town. The plaintiffs thereupon offered the said plat in evidence to the jury, for the purpose of showimg the original plan of that part of the city. The defendants

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Morris v. The Lessee of Harmer's Heirs.]
objected to its admission. The court overruled the objection, and admitted the plat m evidence, directing the jury to disregard any thing written on it by J. C. Symmes. An exception was taken to this decision of the court, and the question now is upon its correctness.
We are of opinion that the plat, upon this evidence, was rightly admitted. It is to be considered, that J. C. Symmes was the original proprietor of the whole city when it was laid out, and that the plat was in his possession, and held out by him as the original plat. It was traced back to that possession more than twenty-two years before the trial, and was the oldest and only original plat known to be in existence. It was a publicly recognized plat by which the corporate authorities and citizens ascertained, and regulated their surveys, lots, streets, and alleys. And having been so long and go publicly recognized, it was the ighest species of evidence of reputation as to the location and boundaries of the lots, streets, and alleys, and not the less so because it was contested by a single 'individual, whose interests might be affected by it. It was not conclusive upon his rights, but it was admissive as the best proof then known to the plaintiffs of the general laying out and boundaries of the lots and streets of the city, recognized by the original proprietor, and those who had succeeded to his rights, as well as by the public. But if this were even doubtful (which we do not admit), it would still be admissible, since it is not even pretended, that it differed in any material circumstance from other plats then laid before the jury by both parties, except as to the figures numbering the lots, and these the court directed to be disregarded. The question, therefore, made at the bar as to the admission of hearsay, post litem motam, does not arise, and may well be left for decision, until it constitutes the very point for judgment. It has, indeed, been suggested at the bar, that Symmes produced the plat after Stone had obtained his title to the premises, and therefore had an interest to .maintain the title of Harmer, in order to escape friom his warranty to the latter under his deed of 1791. But no such interest could exist, for whatever was the true location of the lots conveyed by that deed, Symmes undoubtedly had the title at the time and Stone, -not being a second purchaser by deed from Symmes, but a mere purchaser
VOL. VII.-3 V

SUPREME COURT.
[(Moms v. The Lessee of Harmer's Heirs.]
at a sheriff's sale on execution, could take only such title as
Symmes then possessed .in the premises. And the not recording of the deed to Harmer until after Stone's purchase, will not affect Harmer's title (it being clearly good between the parties), as it might have done if Stone had been a subsequent purchaser from Symmes by deed, without notice. The plat, then, came from Symies's possession at a time when he had not even a semblance of interest in the controversy.
We now come to that which constitutes the main hinge of the present. suit, and by which its ultimate merits are to be decided, and that is, the instructions given and refused by the court.
The first instruction was prayed for by the plaintiffs, and is as follows. "The counsel for the plaintiffs move the court to instruct the jury that inasmuch as they claim title to the premises in dispute under the deed from Synmes to Harmer, and not under the deed of release made by Stone, they cannot be divested of their title to the lots which that deed conveyed to Harmer, by the possession of these premises for the period of five or six years, which they supposed to be a part of these lots, though embraced in the deed of release, but not in the decree ;" which instruction the court accordingly gave. It does not appear upon the record, that this instruction so given was in express terms excepted to by the defendants, the exception being stated in the following terms, after the instructions asked by the defendants. "The court charged the jury as requested by the defendants upon the first instruction asked by them, but refuse the residue of the instructions in manner and form as the same were prayed for, to which several opinions of the court in delivering their charge as aforesaid, the defendants except, &." But we think, that the fair import of these last words embraces the instruction asked by the plaintiffs, for that was an opinion delivered by the court in its charge to the
jury. That the deed of Symmes to Harmer, in 1791, passed a
legal title to Harmer, which became consummated in the latter when Symmes obtained his patent from the United States m 1794, is not controverted. The question is, whether the subsequent proceedings under the bill in equity, in which that title is asserted to be equitable, and the release given by Stone

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Morris v. The Lessee of Harmer's-Henrs.J
under that decree, and the subsequent possession of the heirs of Harmer of thedands so released, do, under the circumstances, estop them from setting up their legal title against the defendants. We are of opinion that they do not.
It is very clear that Mrs Harmer could not, as prochein ami, during the minority of the heirs, authorize any release to be taken, which did not conform to the decree, so as to make it binding upon them. In point of fact, if the evidence is to be believedi the agent never intended to take any release which did not conform to the decree; and he received it -uponStone's representation that it did so conform. And itno where appears from the evidence, that the heirs had any knowledge of their rights, and of the mistake in the release, until the present suit was brought. Unless the heirs had full knowledge of their rights, and of the mistake in the release, and with that knowledge held possession of the premises in the release after they arrived of age, they could not be deemed to have confirmed the transaction, or to have accepted the release as full satisfaction and performance of the decree.
We give no opinion what under such circumstances would 'have been the effect of such acquiescence or confirmation upon the rights of the plaintiffs derived from the decree, or whether afterwards* they would be permitted to repudiate the wlhle transaction, and compel a new execution of the decree. Here, the title, set up by the plaintiffs, is not derived from or under the decree or rplease, but is a legal title paramount to both. Are the plaintiffs then estopped ii law to. set, up that .title I We think not. The bill in equity does not estop them, for that bill stated the derivation of title correctly, and the decree conforms to it. Neither the title set up in the bill, nor the decree, asserts any claim repugnant to the present claim. The decree requires Stone to convey the very land in controversy. The only difficulty is, that the bill avers the title of the plaintiffs to be an equitable instead of a legal title. But as all the facts are stated truly in the bill, it is nothing more than a mistake of 'law. If the defendants could rely Alpon that b}ill and decree as an estoppel, it must be becau.s the facts therein stated are repugnant to tie present title atserted by them. But such Yvnaot the posture of the case.
The plaintiffs then; having a legal title to the premises,

SUPREME COURT.
[Morris v. The Lessee of Harmer'sHeirs.]
which they have never parted with by a proper conveyance. they are entitled to the instruction prayed for, unless their possession of the land under the release, not included in the decree, amounts in law to an extinguishment of their title. We know of no principle of law, on which this can be main-
tamed. The legal title to land in Ohio can be passed only by a
proper conveyance, by deed, according to the laws of that state. The present is an attempt to set up a parol waiver of title by acts in pals , a parol acceptance of other land, in lieu of that belonging to the plaintiffs. As an extinguishment, or an estoppel, it is equally inadmissible. The question is quite a different one, what would be the effect of such an acceptance and acquiescence under it by the parties for a long time, as matter of evidence upon a point of disputed boundary. The instruction given involves no such consideration. It prevents the more general question whether the possession of the released premises, precluded the plaintiffis from asserting their legal title to the land sued for. We concur with the c Jurt below in thinking that it did not.
The first instruction asked by the defendauts, having been given by the court, may be passed over without notice. The second, third, fourth and fifth instructions are as follows:
2. If, upon the whole evidence, the jury believes that Mrs Harmer, the next friend of the minors, in prosecuting the bill in chancery, and obtaining the decree given in evidence, authorized George W Jones to obtain the deed of release, under the decree, and to take possession of the lands, and that George W Jones, under this authority, as agent for the complainant obtaining the decree, and, in conjunction-with the attorney for the complainants that: obtained the decree, assented to the location of the.ground, and George W Jones, as such agent, accepted a deed, and took possession of the land according to the boundaries described in the deed: the lessors of the plaintiff are concluded by his acts, and the plaintiffs cannot recover.
3. If, upon the whole evidence, the jury believe that Mrs Harmer, the next friend of the minors in prosecuting the bill in chancery, and obtaining the decree given in evidence, authorized George W Jones to obtain the deed of release, under the decree, and to take possession of the lands, and that George

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Horns v. The Lessee of Harmer's Hews.]
W Jones, under this authority, as agent for the complainants obtaining the decree, and, in conjunction with the attorney for. the complainants in obtaining the decree, assented to the location of the ground, and George W Jones, as such agent, accepted a deed, and took possession of the land according to the boundaries described in such deed, and continued that possession, exercising acts of ownership as agent after all the lessors of the plaintiff obtained their full age; and the defendants purchased before the lessors of the plaintiffs disavowed the acts of George W Jones, and without any notice or knowledge of an intention of the lessors of the plaintiffs to disavow the acts of said Jones, public sale of the adjacent lands being made. with the knowledge of said Jones, and no notice given by him that the lessors of the plaintiffs (he continuing their agent) had disavowed, or intended to disavow, his acts in locating the lands, and taking a deed for and possession thereof: the plaintiffs cannot recover.
4. That the deed of release from E. Stone to T. Kirby, and the decree from'the sheriff to T. Kirby, given in evidence in this
cause, for part of the lands previously released by E. Stone to the lessors of the plaintiffs, under the decree, in execution of a contract paramount to the original title of E. Stone, and decreed to be executed, did not, in law, divest the title of the lessors of the.plaimtiffs, previously acquired to the lands so released by E. Stone to Kirby, and conveyed by the sheriff to Kirby, and the continuance of the lessors of the plaintiff in possession of all the land released to them, under the decree, and taken possession of by George W Jones, and retaihing the title thereto, is, in law, a continued affirmance of the acts of George W Jones as their agent, which cannot be disavowed without releasing to E. Stone, and restoring to him the possession of that fraction of the land, released under the decree which the location claimed in the first does not cover.
5. That the relation in which the defendants are proved to stand to those under whom they claim title, does not warrant the" jury to infer that.the defendants had knowledge that the lessors of the plaintiffs had disavowed, or intended to disavow, the location as accepted by George W Jones.
The second instruction proceeds upon the ground, that the authority given by Mrs Ilarmer to Jones, ins assenting to ac-

SUPREME COURT.
(Morris v. The Lessee of Harmer's Heirs.]
cept the release of Stone, and taking possession of the land released, concluded the plaintiffs from a right to recover; although they were mnnors, and never personally assented thereto. From What has been already said, this instruction was properly refused. Mrs Harmer had no authority to bind the heirs by the acceptance of any release, not conforming to the decree.
The third instruction proceeds upon the ground, that the acceptance of the release by Jones, under the authority of Mrs Harmer, and the possession of the land by Jones as agent, and continuing that possession after the plaintiffs attained tull age, and until after the defendants had made their purchases of the land, without any disavowal or notice of disavowal by the plaintiffs of the acts of Jones, would preclude the plaintiffs from a right to 'ecover. We think, for reasons already given, the law is otherwise, and therefore the instruction was rightly refused.
The fourth instruction affirms, that the release of Stone to Kirby for part of the land included in the prior release of Stone, under the decree, did not divest the legal title of the plaintiffs to.the lands so released to them. So -farthe instruction prayed wag undoubtedly correct. But it did not stop here, but proceeded to declare that the continuance of the plaintiff in possession of the land so released by Stone, under the decree, was a continued affirmance of the acts ofJones as their agent, which could not be disavowed without releasing to Stone, and restoring to hn the possession of that fraction of the land released, which the decree did not cover. To this instruction there are two objections. The first is, that if the release to Kirby .by Stone, and the conveyance by Kirby to Jones, were for the exclusive benefit of the heirs of Harmer, and to quiet their title to that fraction of land, (as the evidence in the case asserts,) no such release could be now reuired, since the plaintiffs would be entitled to it by an independent title. But the other is equally decisive. If the plaintiffs possess a legal title to the land in controversy, not founded on that release, it can furnish no bar to their right to recover, that there exists an equitable claim against them to surrender other land taken under that release, to which ex zquo et bono, they are not entitled. The instruction was, therefore, properly refused.
The fifth and last instruction proceeds upon the ground, that

JANUARY TERM 1833.

567

[Morris v, The Lessee of Harmer's Heirm.]
knowledge on the part of the defendants, that the plaintiffs had disavowed, or intended to disavow, the location as accepted by Jones, might vary the right of-the plaintiffs to recover, and that the relation in which the defendants are proved to stand to those under whom they claim title, did not warrant the jury to infer, that the defenuants had that knowledge. This instruction is open to the objection, that it asks the court to decide upon a matter of fact, as to what the relation was, in which the defendants were. proved to stand, to those under whom they claimed title. But the decisive answer is, that it asks an instruction upon a point of law, not shown to have any legal bearing upon the case. It could have no influence upon the cause, if given, and might have had a tendency to mislead the jury. It was, therefore, properly refused by the court.
The judgment of the circuit court is affirmed, with costs.

THE DECISIONS
or
THE SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITEP STATES
AT
JANUARY TERM 1835.
THE UNITED STATES, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR V. GEORGE MACDANIEL.
The V.nited States instituted a suit to recover a balance charged on the books 9f the treasury department against the defendant, who was a clerk in the navy department, upon a fixed annual salary, and acted as agent for the payment of moneys due to the navy pensioners, the privateer pensioners, and for navy disbursements; for the payment of which, funds were placed in his hands by the government. He had received an annual compensation for his services in the payment of th.e navypensioners, and for fifteen years,.he had received, in preceding accounts, commissions of one per cent on the moneys paid by him for navy disbursements. He claimed these commissions at the treasury, and the claim had been there relected by the accounting officers; and if allowed the same, he was not now indebted to the government. The United States, on the trial of the case in -the circuit court, denied the right of the defendant to these commissions, as they had not been allowed to him by any department of the government, and asserted that the jury hail not power to-allow them on the trial.
The rejection of the claim to commissions by the treasury department, formed no objection to the admission of it as evidence of offset before the
VOL. VII.-A

2

SUPREME COURT.

[United States v. Macdamel.]
jury. Had the claim never been presented to the department, it could not have been admitted as evidence by the court. But, as it had been made out in form and presented to the proper accounting officers, and had been rejected, the circuit court did right m 6ubmitting it to the jury; if the claim was considered as equitable.
Tins court will not sanction a limitation of the power of the circuit court, ir cases ofthis kind, to the admission of evidence to the jury on a trial, only to such items of offset against the cauns of the government as were strictly legal, and which the accounting officer of the treasury should "have allowed. It is admitted that a claun which requires legislative sanction, is not a proper offset either before the treasury officers or the court. But there may be cases in which the- services having been rendered, a compensation may be made within the discretion of the head of the department, and in such cases the court and jury will dq, not what an auditor was authorized to do, but what the head of the department should have done, in sanctioning an equitable allowance.
The act of the 27th of March 1804, by which the president of the United States was authorized to attach to the navy yard at Washington a captain of the navy for the performance of certain duties, was correctly construed by the head of the navy department until 1829, allowing to the defendant commissions on the sums paid by hun, as the special agent of the navy department in making the disbursements.
By an act passed 10th July 1832, congress authorized the appointment of a separate and permanent navy agent at Washington, and directed the performance "of the duties "1not only for -the navy yard in the city of Washington, but for the navy department, under -the direction of the secretary of the navy in the payment of tuch accounts and claims as the secretary may direct." These duties would not have been so specially stated m this act, if they had been considered by congress as coming within thejordinary duties of an agent for the navy yard at Washington, under the act of 1804. But indepenZient of this consideration,it is emough to -know that the duties in question were discharged by the defendant, under the construction given to the law by the secretary of the navy.
It will not be contended that one secretary bf a department has not the same power as another to give a construction to an act which relates to the business of his department.
A practical knowledge of any one of the great departments of the government, must convince every person that the head of a department, in the distribution of its duties and responsibilities, is often compelled to exercise bis discretion, -Heis limited in 'he exercise of his powers by the law, but it does not follow that he must show a statutory provision, for every thing he does. No government could bieadministered on such principles. To attempt to regulate. by law the minute movements, of every part of the complicated machinery of government, would evince a most unpardonable ignorance of the subject. Whilst the great outlines of its movements may be marked out, and limitations unposed on the exerqise of its powers, there are numberless things which must be done,

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States v. Macdaniel.]
that can neither be anticipated nor defined, and which are essential to the proper action of the government. Hence, of necessity, usages have been established m every part of the government, which nave become . kind of common law, and regulate the rights and auties of those who act within their respective limits; and no chanige of such usages can have a retrospective effect, butmust be limited to the future. Usage cannot alter the law, but it is evidence of the construction given to it, and must be considered binding on past transactions. That the duties in question were aischarged by the defendant during office hours, can form no objection to the.compensation claimed. They were required of hin by the head of the department; and being a subordinate, he had no discretion to decline the labour and responsibility thus imposed. But seeingthat his responsibility would be greatlymcreased. and perhaps his labour, the secretary of the navy intreases his compensation, as in justice he was bound to do. This action ofassumpsit has been brought by the government to recover from the defendant the exact sum which in equityit is admitted he is entitled to receive for valuable services rendered to the public in a subordinate capacity, under the express sanction of the head of the navy department. This-sum of money happensto be in he hands of the defendant; andthe question is, whether he shall, under the circumstances, be required to surrender it to the government and thenpetition congress on the subject. A simple statement of the case would seem to render proper a very different course. It would be a novel principleto refuse payment to the subordinates of a department; because their chief, under whose direction they had faithfully seryed the public, had given an erroneous construction to the law. The secretary of the navy, in authorizing the d6fendant to make the disbursements on which the claim for compensation is founded, did not transcend those powers, which, under the circumstanczs of the case, he might well exercise.
ERROR to the circuit court of the United States for the county of Washington, m the district. of Columbia.
This action was brought on the 14th of August 1829 in the circuit court by the United States, to recover from fh&-defendant the sum of nine hundred and eighty-eight dollars and ninety-four cents; alleged to have been found due on a settlement of is accounts by the accounting officers of the treasury department.
The case was tneA in May1831, and a verdict and judgment rendered for the defendant; to r6verse wnch"jndgment, the United States prosecuted this writ of error.
Before the verdict- was gi.ven, the district attorney of the

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Macdaniel.]
United States filed the following bill of exceptions. After stating that the United States gave in evidence an account against the defendant, settled at the treasury, upon which they claimed from the defendant a balance of nine hundred and eighty-eight dollars and ninety-four cents, with interest from August 3d, 1829, ihe bill of exceptions proceeds:
"The defendant then examined a witness to prove that the said defendant was a clerk in the navy department, at an annual salary of fourteen hundred dollars, and while he was so acting, he was engaged and acted as the agent for the payment of the money due to the navy pensioners, the privateer pensioners, and acted also as a special' agent for the navy disbursements; and the moneys which were applied to the use. of those objects were placed in his hands by the government, to be disbursed by him. That he was allowed for his services in the payment of pensions, the annual sum of two hundred and fifty dollars. But he has no knowledge that any annual sum was ever allowed him for his services as a special agent for the navy disbursements. The witness stated that he was also a clerk in the navy department, and was in the habit of stoting the defendant's accounts as special agent, and he knows that a commission of one per cent was always allowed him, to his knowledge, for ten or fifteen years past, until the settlement of the present account, upon his disbursements as special agent for the navy disbursements.
"The witness further stated that the services of this special agent, in these disbursements, were similar to .those performed by other navy agents, such as the navy agent of Boston, &c. That they amounted, during the period that he acted as agent as aforesaid, to from fifty to one hundred thousand dollars a year; that the. defendant gave no bond or security, to his knowledge, for the performance of these duties.
"The defendant then gave in evidence to the jury the certificate of B. W Crowninshield, then secretary of the navy, of the 3d May 1817, and his account against the United States, allowed by Smith Thompson, then secretary of the navy.
".Navy Department, .VIay 3, 1817. "George Macdaniel, as agent of the navy pension fund, upon

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States T. Macdaniel.]
all expenditures by hun heretofore made, is entitled to thq same commissions as have been allowed to other agents.
"B. W CROWNINSHIELD, " Secretary of the .Navy.
"The navy pension fund to George Macdamel. "For compensation as clerk of the navy pension, accounts, from the 1st of July to the 31st of December 1818 inclusive, at the rate of two hundred and fifty dollars per annum $125 00.
"Respectfully submitted, - G. MACDANIEL.
"-Upon which account are the following indorsements: 'To be allowed,
"'SMITR THOMPSON. "' Received payment in account,
"I G. MACDANIIL.' "The defendant set up against the claim made against him by the United States, in ths case, a charge for a commassion of one per cent, as special agent of the navy department, on the expenditure of eleven thousand seven hundred and eightynine cdollars and twenty cents, amounting to one hundred and, seventeen dollars and eighty-nine cints, and alike commission of six hundred and ninety-two dollars and thirty cents, upon the expenditure of sixty-nine thousand two hundred and twenty-nine dollars and ninety-two cents, which commissions had been disallowed by the navy department, and if now disallowed upon this trial, would leave the defendant indebted to the United States in the sum of eight hundred and ten dollars and nineteen cents, exclusive of the other items of cicun made against him in this case. "The witness who gave testimony for the defendant, proved that the services performed by the defendant, as special. agent as aforesaid, were performed durng office fiours, and occupied from one-third to one-fourth of his time. "The defendant further provedthat witness had hadoccasion in the discharge of his duties in the fourth auditor's office, to examinerthe. accounts of defendant-and reported the accounts in question, that the same commission was claimed by defendant in these accounts, as had been charged and allowed in all his previous ac6tounts, so far as witnesshas examined them, 'that

SUPREME COURT.

[United States v, Macdamel.]

the services had then been rendered, and the moneys disbursed,

when the exception was taken, that witness knows that the

accounts of public disbursem. nts, including all these, allow-

ances of commissions upon disbursements, are annually sub-

mittect to congress, and inspected by a committee specially

appointed for that purpose; that sa:d committee attends at the

different offices, where the books are open for their inspection,

that the accounts embracing defendant's claims and allowancep

are regularly so submitted and inspected, and that no bbjec-

tiorn, as .witness has ever heard, was taken by any committee,

or any individual, to such allowances, until defendant's final

account, after leaving office, was settled by the fourth auditor.

Defendant promptly paid over ali the moneys in his hands

when the amount was adjusted, reserving only the sums

claimed by hun, which appear m the accounts exhibited;-and

if they are allowed him, he has no public money in his hands.

"Defendant further offered in evidence a report from the

secretary of the treasury to congress, 1st March 1831. Doc.

126, H. R. 21st Cong. 2d Sess.

"cUpon the evidence so given to the jury, the counsel for the

United States prayed the court to instruct the jury, that if they

should believe the same to be true, that still the defendant had

no right, by law, to the commissions which he claims in this

case, and that, as the sums so charged as aforesaid, as com-

missions, had never been allowed to hun by any department

of the government, it was not competent for the jury to allow

them upon this trial.

" Which instruction the court refused to give, to which refu-

sal the United States, by their attorney, excepted."

The accoun', exhibited on the trial by the district attorney of

the United States, by which the balanc- alleged to be due was

shown, was as follows

To balance due the United States per his account

current, rendered on the 5th June 1829, . - $688 33

This sum disallowed, as per reconciling statement

of hib navy expenditure account herewith, -

228 14

Commission on sixty-nme thousand two hundred

and twenty-nine dollars and mnety-two cents,

paid over to the treasurer of the United States,

JANUARY TERM 1833.

[United States. v. Macdamel.]

at one per cent, as debited in his accotut as late

special agent of the navy department, marked

A. Recorded on the 5th June'1829. Not al-

lowed;

-

-

-

Compensation as agent for paying pensions from

the-lst of March to the 31st of May 1829. Not

allowed, . . . . ..

Erro ' m statement No. 141, (previous report) in

payments of Fall's pension,

-

692 30
62 50 6 00

$1,67"/ 29 By this sum deposited to the credit of the treasurer

of the United States the 3d of August 1829,

688 33

Balance due the United States, by statement ex-

ammed by comptroller, 12th of August 1829,

988 96

THOMAS H. GILLISS, .&t.4th .aud.

The case was argued.by Mr Taney, attorney-general, for the United States; and by Mr Coxe and Mr Jones, for the defendant.

For the United States it was contended, that the defendant was not entitled to the commissions clamied by hun and mentioned in the bill of exceptions.
The attorney-general stated that the question presented in the case was, whether the.defendant was entitled to commiss-
ions on payments made by hun for navy purposes. The navy agents, although not established by any particular
law, have been recognised in various acts of congress. Their duties are well knowft and ascertained. There are navy agents at each navy yard, and there are navy agents who are not permanent. There ii also an agent aL the navy department to settle accounts not properly belonging to other navy agents. Mr Macdamel was employed as the permanent navy agent at Washington, and also as the special agent of the department.
A reference to the accounts in the record willshow that he made payments for sloops of war, ship houses;, and for the marme corps. In making these payments, he performed duties which properly belonged to permanent navy agents, and for

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Macdaniel.)
which they were entitled to be paid. The question then is, whether he is entitled to commissions on the disbursements of money, which properly belonged to the duties of other agents.
By the act of congress of 22d March 1804, 3 Laws U. S. 619, the commandant of the navy yard at Vashngton was required to perform all the duties which have been performed by the defendant in error.
This continued to be the law until July 10, 1832, when congress passed an act repealing the provision assigning the duties of navy agents to the commandant of the navy yard; and authorizing the appointment of a permanent navy agent. The act of 1809, 4 Laws U. S. 221, did not embrace the navy yard at Washington.
Capt. Tingey was for many years the commandant of that navy yard, but be did none of the duties assigned to hm by the act of 1804. those duties were performed-by the defendant. The case then was that of an officer of the United States, on whom duties were specially imposed, omitting to comply with them, and those duties executed by another person, who had no authority under any law to perform them. All the allowances, 'therefore, made to him for commissions on disburse. ments, as all his disbursements were such as ought t o have been made by the commandant of the navy yard, were in violation of the act of 1804. These allowances have been made -by a mistake of the law, and cannotbe set off. Can the head of the navy department, by allowing payments not authorized by law, or by one not entrusted and directed by law to make them, authorize a compensation for them I This is denied.
The first question to be decided by the court is, what is the true construction of the act of 1804? The second is, how far the navy department can authorize the allowance of commissions, if they are not within the provisions of that act!
The language of the act of 1804 is such as to show clearly that all the payments to be made at the navy department, which were made by the defendant, were to be made by the commandant of the navy yard. For this purpose that office was created and the officer appointed.
When the law has fixed and established the duties of an officer, another person, or another officer, cannot be charged

JANUARY TERM 1833.
(United States v. Macdaniel.]
with them. When duties are not defined; and when any one has an appointment m a department, the officer at the head of the department may enlarge the duties of the subordinate, and they must be executed. If these are extra duties,,or new duties, it does not follow that any additional compensation is to be made. The decision of the head of the department is conclusive on this subject.
But the case lIYefore the court is not that of enlarging duties, or of calling for the performance of new ones, for which no officer has beer appointed, it is that of giving duties to one, when another is the propc. officer assigned by law to do them. The right-to do this is denied. When the law is silent, the department may sanction an allowance, but when the law expressly provides for the service, no usages, no direction can be set up to control the law. It is precisely the same case in principle as if it had said the duties shall not be performed by& any other.
It. is adimtted that if usage can sanction the allowance claimed by the defendant, it is sustained; but it is denied that usage is of any value when it is in direct violation of law. 4.s to the suggestion, that if the allowances which have been made to the defendant in accounts finally settled at the treasury were made in violation of law, then the same should be reimbursed to the United States, the answer is, that the accounts, having been adjusted, are finally disposed of. The accounting officers of the treasury act judicially upon accounts subitted to them, and no claim -can be unade for the repayment of allowances made by them in accounts which have been finally disposed of by them.
Mr Coxe and Mr Jones, for the defendant in error. They demed that by the act of 1804 the duties performed by the defendant were assigned to the commandant of the navy yard at Washington. He was by that act made the navy agent at that navy yard, but he was not authorized to make, nor did he ever make payments from .the navy department. The words of the act are "agent of the department," not navy agent. The duties of navy agent are -not defined, and must necessarily rest in a great degree on the discretion of the secre-
VoL. VII.-B

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Macdaniel.]
tary. Mr Macdaniel has for twelve years been the agent for these payments, and he has been so under the uniform construction of that law which is now contended for in his favour. If he was not a clerk in the navy department, the duties performed by him, for which the commissions are claimed, did not appertain to those of any other officer. The allowances made to him have appeared in accounts which have passed under the scrutiny of a committee of congress without exception, and they have been sanctioned by every secretary of the navy while he performed the duties for which they are claimed.
The account of the defendant does not show any expenditures at the navy yard of Washington. It shows miscellaneous disbursements in various parts of the United States, and this under the immediate directions of the secretary here, and done as a special agent, out of the ordinary dutids of the local navy agents.
The long usage should settle the construction of the law if it was doubtful, and the objection to pay for services rendered under this long secured construction, is founded on no prmciples of justice. It was for the head of the department to ascertain what the law was; and.his construction of it should prevail, most certainly in favour of services performed under his direction's, and with the anticipation of a compensation for them, derived from the uninterrupted usages of the department.
Mr Justice M'LEAN delivered the opinion of the Court. A writ of error is prosecuted in this case, by the United States, to recover a judgment of the circuit court for the district of Columbia. The action was brought by the government to recover from the defendant a balance charged against him, on the books of the treasury department, amounting to the sum of nine hundred and eighty-eight dollars ninety-four cents. In his defence, the defendant proved that he was a clerk m the navy department, upon an annual salary of fourteen hundied dollars, and that he also acted as the agent for the payment of the moneys due to the navy pensioners, the privateer pensioners, and for the navy disbursements. That the moneys

JANUARY'TERM 1833.
[United States v. Macdaniel.]
applied to the use of these objects, were placed m his hands by the government. That he received the annual sum of twohundred and fifty dollars, for his services, in the payment of' pensioners, but that for ten or fifteen years, he received one per cent on moneys paid by him for navy disbursements.
That these disbursements amounted to from the sum of fifty, to a hundred thousand dollars a year, and that no security was required from him. He claimed the usual allowance of one per cent, upon certain sums of money, disbursed by him, which had been rejected by the treasury officers, but wnch, if allowed, would show that he was not indebted to the government.
Upon this state of facts, the attorney for the United States prayed the court to instruct the jury, that if they should believe the same to be true, that still the defendant had no right by law to the commissions which he claims, as the sum charged had never been allowed to him by any department of the government, and that it was not in the power of the jury to allow the commissions on the trial. But the court refused to give the instructions, and a bill of exceptions was taken.
Two questions are made by the bill of exceptions, for the decision of this court.
1. Whether the defendant has a right to compensation for the services charged.
2. Whether, if such right existed, it should have been allowed on the trial as the proper department had decided against it.
As to the second ground, it may be proper to remark, that the. rejection of the claim of the defendant by the treasury department, formed no objection to the admission of it by the court, as evidence of offset to the jury. Had the clain never been presented to the department for allowance, it would not have been admitted as evidence by the court. But, as it had been made out in form, and presented to the proper accounting officer,,and was rejected, the circuit court 'did right in submitting it to the jury; if the claim was considered to be equitable.
On the part of the government, it is contended that, in a case like the present, the court, in admitting evidence of offset against the claim of -the government, is limited, not only to

SUPREME COURT
[United States v. ?facdamel.]
such items as were exhibited to the auditor, but to such as were strictly legal, and which he should have allowed.
This limitation on the power of the court, cannot be sanctioned. It is admitted, that a cin which requires legislative sanction, is not a proper offset, either before the treasury officers or the court. But there may be cases, in which, the service having been rendered, a compensation may be made within the discretibn of the head of the department; and'in such cases, the court and jury will do, not what an auditor was authorized to do; but what the head of the department should have done, in sanctioning an equitable allowance.
It being clear, that the circuit court did not err, in allowing the offset of the defendant,, if he had a right to compensation for the services rendered, the validity of this right will be the next point for inquiry.
On the part of the.government, it is contendid, that the head of a department may vary the duties of the clerks in his department, so as to give despatch and regularity to the generaL business of the office, but that by such changes, no clerk or other officer of the department, has a right to an increase of compensation. That it appears in the present case there was no increase of labour, as to time; as. the services for which compensation is charged were rendered during office hours. And it is also insisted, that the duties discharged belonged to another officer of the government; and that it is not competent For any officer of the government, even the president himself, .o take from one officer certain duties which the law has levolved upon him, and require another to discharge them.
By the act of 27th March 1804, the president was authorized to "attach to the navy yard at Washington city, and to frigates and other vessels, laid up in ordinary in the eastern branch, a captain of the navy, who shall have the general care and superintendence of the same, and shall perform the duties of agent to the navy department."
Under this law, the attorney-general contends it was the duty of the commandant at the navy yard to make the disburseients which were made by .the defendant; and consequently, no compensation for such services can be allowed to the defendant.

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States v; Macdaniel.]
Whatever may now be the construction of this act, as it regards the duties of the commandant, it appears he was not required to make the disbursemets winch were made by the defendant; and consequently they could not have been considered, at that time, as forming a part of the duties of commander of the navy yard.
Bk the act of the 10th July 1832; congress authorized the apponitment of a separate and permanent agent at Washington, who shall be entitled "to the same compensation, and under the same responsibilities, and to be governed'by the same laws and regulations which now are, or may hereafter be adopted .for other navy agents;" and it is made his "duty to act as agent not only for the navy yard in the city of Washington, but for the navy department, under the direction of.the secretary thereof, in the payment of such- accounts and claims -as the secretary may direct."
By this act, that.part of the act of 1804 which required the commander of the navy yard at the city of Washington to act as agent, is repealed.
Until the defendant was removed from officei in 1829, he continued to discharge the duties as special agent for the navy disbursements. But after that period, it is stated that a new construction of.the act of 1804 being given, those duties were requred to be performed by the commander of the navy yard, who continued to discharge them until an agent was appointed under, the act of the last session.
Unitil this time, the act of 1804 seems never to have been construed, by the head of the navy department, as providing for the special servibes performed by the defendant, and it would seem from the provision.of the late act, which requires the agent.to act, not only for the navy yard, but for the navy department, and to "pay such accounts and claims as the secretary may direct," that the former construction was correct; and the court are of this opinion. These duties would not have been so specially stated in the act of last session, -if they had been considered by congress as coming within the ordinary duties of an agent for the navy yard. But, independent of this considration, it is enough to know that the

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. bacdaniel.]
duties in question were discharged by the defendant, under the construction given to the law by the secretary of the navy.
It will not be contended that one secretary has not the same power as another, to give a construction to an act which relates to the business of the department. And no case could better illustrate the propriety and justice of this rule, than the one now under consideration.
The defendant having acted as agent for navy disbursements for a great number of years, under different secretaries, and having uniformly received one per cent, on th6 sums paid, as his compensation, he continues to discharge the duties and receive the compensation, until a new head of the department gives a different construction of the act of 1804, by which these duties are transferred to the commander of the navy'yard. By this new construction, whether right or wrong, no injustice is done to the defendant, provided he shallbe paid for services rendered under the former construction of the same act. But such compensation has been refused him.
It is insisted that as there was no law which authorized the appointment of the defendant, his services can constitute no legal claim for compensation, though it might authorize the equitable interposition of the legislature. That usage, without law or-against law, can never lay the foundation of a legal claim, and none other can be set off against a demand by the government.
A practical knowledge of the action of any one of the great departments of the government, must convince every person that the head of a department, in the distribution of its duties and responsibilities, is often compelled to exercise his discretion. He is limited in the exercise of his powers by the law; but it does not follow that he must show a statutory provision for every thing he does. No government could be administered on such principles. To attempt to regulate, by law, the minute movements of every part of the complicated machinery of government would evince a most unpardonable ignorance on the subject. Whilst the great outlines of its movements may be marked out, and limitations imposed on the exercise of its powers, there are numberless things which must be done, that

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States v. Macdaniel.]
can neither be anticipated nor defined, and which are sssencial to the proper action of the government. Hence, of necessity, usages have been established in every department of the government, -which have become a kind of common law, and regulate the rights and duties of those who act -within their respective limits. And no change of such usages can have a retrospective effect, but must be limited to the future.
Usage cannot alter the law, but it is evidence of the construction given to it, and must be considered binding on past transactions.
That the duties in question: were discharged by the defendant during office hours, can form no objection to the compensation claimed. They were required of him by the head of the department, and, being a subordinate, he had no discretion to decline the labour and responsibility thus imposed. But seeing that his responsibility would be greatly increased, and perhaps his labour, the secretary of the. navy increases his compensation, as m justice he was boidnd to do.
In discharging the ordinary duties of clerk, the compensation of the defendant was fixed at -fourteen hundred dollars; but when the duties of agent for navy disbursements wee superadded to those of clerk, there is an adequate augmentation of pay given to him. Is there any thing unreasonable or unjust in this'l
But it is said there was no law authorizing such an officer to be appointed.
That the duties performed by the defendant were necessary for the public service, has not been denied, nor is it pretended that the commissions allowed him, were higher than the amount paid for similar services elsewhere. The payments by him
were legal, and being made under the immediate direction of the secretary of the navy, errors were avoided which might have occurred under other circumstances.
It must be admitted that there was no law authorizing the appointment of the defendant, nor was it considered necessary that there should be a special statutory provision on the subject. For the convemence of the officers of the navy and others who were engaged in the -ervice of the department, certain disbursements became necessary, and as no law spe-

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Macdantel.]
cially authorized the appointment of an agent for this purpose, they were required to be made by a clerk.
In this manner were these payments made for fifteen years, under different secretaries of the navy, and the same rate of compensation, as now claimed, was allowed. The charge was sanctioned by the accounting officers of the treasury department, and no objection was ever made to it by the committees of congress, who annually inspected the books of the denartment.
It would seem, therefore, whether the claim of the defendant be varied in reference to the services performed or to the long sanction which has been given to them by the navy and treasury departments, its justice is unquestionable. The government does not deny the performance of the services by the defendant, nor that they do in equity entitle hm to compensation but, as his appointment was without legal authority, it is insisted he can obtain compensation only by application to congress.
An action of assumpsit has been brought by the governnent to recover from the defendant the exact sum, which, m equity, it is admitted he is entitled to receive, for valuable services rendered to the public, in a subordinate capacity, under the express sanction of the head of the navy department. This sum of money happens to be in the hands of the defendant, and the question is whether he shall, under the circumstances, be required to surrender it to the government, and then petition congress on the subject.
A simple statement of the case would seem to render proper a very different course.
If some legal provision be necessary to sanction the payment of the compensation charged, application should be made to congress by the head of the department, who required the service and promised the compensation. But no such provision is necessary. For more than fifteen years the claim has been paid for similar services, and 'it is now too late to withhold it for services actually' rendered. It would be a novel principle to.refuse payment to the subordinates of a department, because their chief, under whose direction they had faithfully served the public, had mistaken his own powers, and fiad given an

JANUARY TERM 1833. [United States v. Macdanlel.]
erroneous construction of the law. But the case under .onsideration is stronger than this. It is not a case where payment for services is demanded, but where the government seeks to recover money from the defendant, to which he is equitably entitled for services rendered. This court cannot see any nght, either legal or equitable, in the government, to the sum of money for the recovery of which this action was brought. They think that the secretary of the navy, in authorizing the defendant to make the disbursements, on which the claim for compensation is founded,. did not transcend those powers which, under the circumstances of the case, he might well exercise. And they therefore think that the circuit court did not err in refusing to give the instructions to the jury as prayed by the attorney of the United States. The judgment of the circuit court is therefore affirmed.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Columbia, holden m and for the county of Washington, and was argued by counsel, on consideration whereof, it is ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said circuit court m this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed.
VOL. VII.-C

SUPREME COURT.
HOLLINGSWORTH MAGNIAC AND OTHERS, PLAIN'TIFFS IN ERROR
v. JOHN R. THOMPSON.
The whole charge of the circuit court was brought up with the record. By the court. This is a practice which this court have uniformly discountenanced, and which the court trusts a rule made at last term will effectually suppress.
This court have nothing to do with comments of the judge of the circuit court upon the evidenpe. The case of Carver v. Jackson, 4 Peters, 80, 81, cited upon this point
The question now before the court is, whether the charge to the jury in the circuit court contains any erroneous statement of the law. In examimng it for the purpose of ascertaining its correctness, the whole scope and bearing of it must be taken together. It is wholly inadmissible to take up-single and detached passages, and to decide upon them without attending to the context, or without incorporating such qualifications and explanations as naturally flow from the language of other parts of the charge. The whole is to be construed as it must have been understood, both by the court and the jury, -atthe tite it was delivered.
Upon principle and authority, to make an antenuptial settlement void as a fraud upon creditors, it is necessary that both parties should concur in, or have cognizance of the intended fraud. If the settler alone intend a fraud, and the other party have no notice of it, but is innocent of it, she 'is not, and cannot be affected by it. Marriage, in contemplation of the law, is not only a valuable consideration to support such a settlement, but is a consideration of the highest value, and from motives of the soundest policy, is upheld with a strong resolution. The husband and wife, parties to such a contract, are therefore deemed, in the highest sense, purchasers for a valuable consideration, and so that it is bona fide, and without notice of fraud, brought home to both sides, it becomes unimpeachable by creditors.
Fraud- may be imputed to the parties, either by direct co-operation in the original design, at tfietirne of its concoction, or by constructive co-operation from. notice of it, and carrying the design upon such notice into operation.
Among creditors equally meritorious, a debtor may conscientiously prefer one to another; and it can make no difference that the preferred creditor is his own wife.
Marriage articles or settlements are not required by the laws of New Jersey to be recorded, but only conveyances of real estate: and as to conveyances of real estate, the omission to record them avoids them only as to purchasers and creditors, leaving them in full force between the parties.

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Magniac arid others v. Thompso':.]
ERROR to the circuit court of the United States for the eastern district of Pennsylvania.
In the circuit court of Pennsylvania, at October sessions 1826, a feigned issue was made up between the plaintiffs and the defendant, to try the question of the ability of the defendant to pay a debt acknowledged to be due to the plaintiffs, and for which judgments had been obtained in then" favour. The competency of the defendant to satisfy the debt, depended on the validity of a certain marriage settlement, made m contemplation of marriage between the defendant and Miss Anms Stockton, daughter of Richard Stockton, Esq., late of New Jersey, to which instrument Mr Stockton was a party, he being, by its provisions, the trustee of his daughter. The marriage settlement was as follows:
"Articles of agreement and covenant made and executed this nineteenth day of December, in the year of our'Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty-five, by and between John R. Thompson, Esq., late of the city of Philadelphia, of the first. part, Annis Stockton, daughter of Richard Stockton; Esq., of the second part, and Richard Stockton, of the county of Somerset and state of New Jersey, father and trustee of the said Annis Stockton, of the third-part.
"Whereas a marriage is intended to be shortly had and solemnized between the said John . Thompson and the said Annis Stockton; and whereas the said Richard Stockton has promised to give unto his said daughter a certain lot or tract of land, belonging to hun, situate in the county of Middlesex and state of New Jersey, directly opposite the mansion house of the said Richard Stockton, between the old road to Trenton and the turnpike road, which consists of between four and five acres of land, be the same more or.less, and is bounded on the north and south by the said roads, on the west by lands of Dr John Vanclave, and the east by a line to be run from the north east comer of the garden now in the possession of Mrs Abigail Field, to the said turnpike road, upon which said lot the said John R. Thompson has begun to build a house. Now, it is hereby agreed between the parties aforesaid,- and the said Richard Stockton, for himself and hs heirs, doth hereby covenant and agree to and with the parties of the first and second

SUPREME COURT.
[Aagniac and others v. Thompson.]
parts, their heirs,. executors,, and admmistrators,in consideration of the said marriage, and of the love and natural affection he hath for his said daughter, that from the time of, and immediately after,,the,said marriage shall be solemnized, he, the said Richard Stockton, shall and will stand seised of the said lot and ?premises, and of all and singular the buildings and improvements which shall be erected and made thereon by the said.party of the first part, to uses, trusts, and purposes hereinafter mentioned, and to none other, that is to say* m trust to permit the said John R. Thompson, and Anms his Wife, dung the time of their joint lives, to possess, live in, and occupy the ,said lot, house, and premises, with the appurtenances, free and clear of all demands; and in case the said parties of the first and gecond parts do not think proper to inhabit and reside m the said premises, that he, the said RichaTd Stockton, will let out upon lease the said premises, and receive the rents, issues and profits thereof, and pay over the same to the said Annis, party of the second, during the joint lives of the parties of the first and second parts. And if the said John R. Thompson shouldcsurvive the-said Annis Stockton and have issue by her, then in trust to permit the said John R. Thompson, dunng Ins life, to inhabit and occupy the said premises, if he elect so to do, free and clear as aforesaid, and pay over the said rents and profits, as he shall receive the same, to the said John R. Thompson, for the maintenance and support of him and Is family, without he, the said John R. Thompson, being at any time thereafter accountable to any person or persons for the said rents and profits. And after the death of the said John R. Thompson, in trust for the child or children of the said marriage, in equal shares as tenants in common, in fee simple; and if there shall be.no child or children of the said marriage,. then, upon the death of either of the said parties of the first and second parts, in trust to convey the said premises to the survivor m fee simple. And the said John R. Thompson, for himself, his heirs, executors and-admimstrators, doth covenant and agree to and with the parties of the second and third parts, that if the sad marriage shall take effec , and in consideration thereof, he will, with all convement speed,'build and furinsh the said house in a suitable manner, as he shall judge fit and

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Magnam and others v. Thompson.]
proper; and that the said erections, improvements and furmture, together with the changes and additions which -shall be from time to time made, shall be subject to and included in the said trusts, as far as the same are applicable to each-species of property. And further, that he will, in the space of. one year from the time the said marriage shall take effect, place out on good security, in stock, or otherwise, the sum of forty thousand dollars, and hand over and assign the evidences thereof to the said party of the third part, who shall hold the same in trust to receive the interest, profits, or dividends thereon, as they shall from time to time arise, to the said party of the second part during the joint lives of -he parties of the first and second parts, and that her receipts for the same, and also for what may be produced under the before mentioned trusts, shall be good and valid, notwithstanding her coverture. If the said party of the second part should die before the said party of the first part, and there should be issue of the said marriage, then in trust to receive the said interest, profits and dividends, and pay the same over from tune to time to the said party of the first part, during his life, for the support of himself, and the maintenance and education of his children, without his being subject to any accoufit as aforesaid, and after his death, m trust for any child or children of the said mamage in equal shares; and if the said Annis should survive the said John, and there be issue of the said marriage, then to pay over the same to the said Annis, dunng ber life, for her maintenance, and the support and"education.of the said children, and without her being liable to any account for the same; and after her death, in trust for the child or children of the said marnage in equal shares; and if there shall be no child or children of the said marriage, then upon the death of the -said John R. Thompson, -or Annis -his wife, in trust, to assign and deliver the said securities, and all moneys remaining due, to the one who shall survive, to his or her own uses. And it is further agreed and covenanted by and between the parties aforesaid, that it maybe lawful for the said John R. Thqripson-to act as the agent of the parties aforesaid, in all the m&tters aforesaid, by the permission and under the control, if need be. of the caid trustee. and to change, and from time to time altet the sad

SUPREME COURT.
[Magmad and others v. Thompson.]'
securjtits, as occasion may require, and take new securities in their stead, so as that the fund as aforesaid settled shall always be kept good. And itis-'also hereby further agreed and covenanted by and between all the said parties, that the said trustee shall not be held gulity of breach of trust, although he does not act personallyin the premises, unless he be expressly desired and requested so to do by one of the other parties hereto, or those claiming under them;. and that he shall not in any manner be held liable as trustee, unless for acts of wilful neglect or misconduct,"
The plaintiffs and the defendant were merchants residing in Canton, m China, previousi to the 25th of March 185, when the defendant returned to the United States, leaving an agent, Rodney Fisher, in Canton, with full powers to transact his business, and to bind hun by commercial contracts, and who was introduced to the plaintiffs as his agent by the defendant. Very large loans were made to the agent of the defendant by the plaintiffs, which were.employed 'in loading the -vessels of "Edward Thompson, the goods being pledged to pay.the loans *at Philadelphia, and the shipmentsso made being for the use of Edward Thompson. Edward Thompson was without credit or friends in Canton, and the credit of his son'John R. Thompson was thus employed by his. agent to lead the ships, the defendant's compensation consisting of the commissions on the transactions.
On the 22d of November 1825, Mr Fisher, as the agent of the defendant, borrowed of the plaintiffs thirty thousand dollars on the pledge of an invoice of goods valued at about fortytwo thousand dollars, and on the 2d of December 1825, thirtythree thousand dollars more were borrowed on the pledge of another invoice vblued at upwards of forty-four thousand dollars, together exceeding more -than sixty-three thousand dollars on pledges. of goods exceeding, in invoice =mnount, eighty-six thousand dollars.
Besides.these loans, the ddi'endant obtained others in China, where he also owed some other debts, mconsiderable m amount, and after Ins return home, he signed his father's respondentia bonds for two hundred thousand dollars. OA all these loans and respondentia, there were large sums lost: the goods pledged

JANUARY TERM 1833.

[Magma and others v. Thompson.]

to the plaintiffs did not sell for half the invoice prices; and the defendant lost moreover upwards of twenty thousand dollars by his father's failure. He was not possessed of any real-estate, mortgages, public stock or other productive property, and whatever he was worth, if any thing, was involved re-his father's affairs.
On the 19th of November 1825, Edward Thompson's msol-
vency was made public. On the 19th of December 1825, the defendant, having arrived from Canton in this country on the I t of June of that year, and soon after made an engagement to be marred with Annis, the daughter of Richard Stockton,
Esq., submitted a statement of his affairs to Mr Stockton, with a view to the marriage settlement before stated,. which was executed the same day.
Statement by John R. Thompson, made previous to settle-
ment "I have no personal debts except to a smill amount, in com-
mon course of business and living. I am surety for my father
in a respondentia bond to Messrs Schott and Lippincott, ii-a penal sum of two hundred thousand dollars. If the goods which are pledged sell reasonably well, there can be no loss, for the freight on these goods, the commissions in China, and thepremium on dollars on the outward investment, all tend to enhance the security, and such is the opinion of Mr Schott
expressed to me in a conversation on thig subject, -there can, therefore, be no demand on-me.
"Upon no fair principle of calculation could the loss, if it should happen, be more than tweity thousand dollars, and I consider myself worth that amount, if not more, m addition to the sum proposed to be settled.
"JoiN R. THoMPsoN.

"December 19, 1825."

Indorsed by Richard Stockton, "Statement made to the

trustee by J. R. Thompson as the bais of the settlement, and

upon which it was made.

"R. S."

The marriage took place the 28th December 1825. But during the life of Richard Stockton, the settlement was never acknowledged or registermd, nor has the forty thousand dollars
VOL. VII.-2 U

SUPREME COURT
[Magniac and others v. Thompson.]
in productive stock, ever been provided, as the settlement stipulated, by the defendant, who pleads inability to do so, from insolvency. After Mr Stockton's death, and shortly before judgment confessed by the defendant, for the balance remaining due to the plaintiffi, the defendant delivered to Robert Stockton, the eldest son of Richard Stockton, deceased, two proinissory notes, together, for nine thousand five hundred dollars, one of which, for four thousand five hundred dollars, is of doubtful worth.
Of the sixty thousand dollars and upwards, due by the defendant to the plaintiffs, a principal sum of about twelve thousand dollars remaining due. Suits were brought for the same against him in Pennsylvania, where he resided, and in New Jersey, where he settled at the time of hIs marriage, in both of which suits judgments were confessed for the sum claimed.
On the 3d of June 1830, the following agreements reiative to the case were entered into by the counsel for the plaintiffs and for the defendant.
Whereas the above named plaintiffs did recover, on the 26th day of November 1827, against the said John R. Thompson, the sum of twenty thousand nine hundred and twenty-nine dollars and seven cents damages, besides costs of suit, and whereas the said plaintiffs allege that the said John R. Thompson has the means of satisfying said judgment and costs, and the said John R. Thompson denies his ability to pay the same, and requires that the proof thereof may be tried by a jury, and an issue for the trial thereof has been agreed upon between the parties, in the circuit court of the United States for the eastern district of Pennsylvania, to April sessions 1830; it is hereby ordered and agreed, that the action as above statea be entered, and- that the said John R. Thompson cause an appearance to be entered for him to the same, and that said plaintiffs declare of the said term of a discourse had and inoved between the said plaintiffs and the sdid defendant, of and concerning whether the said defendant has the means, by the property in his marriage settlement or otherwise, of satisfying the-judgment aforesaid; and that the said defendant, in consideration of a mutual promise on the part of the said plaintiffi to hun made, did promise to pay Eo the said plaintiffs the sum of twenty-five

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Magniac and others v. Thompson.]
thousand dollars, in case he, the said defendant, has the means or ability of satisfying the judgment aforesaid, so that this said issue may be tried by the country. And it is further ordered and agreed, that the circumstances of the said mutual promises, and of the affirmations and assertions laid in the declaration shall be confessed, so that the said issue may be tried on the merits, and that the costs of the suit shall follow the verdict, but that the said verdict shall give no title to either party to recover from the other the sum laid m the declaration. The merits to be tred'without regard to form, and either party to be at liberty, under the direction of the court, to modify or change the pleadings,so as to facilitate such trial on the merits."
"Whereas a feigned issue has been agreed upon between the parties in this case, for the purpose of ascertaining by law whether the defendant, John R. Thompson, has the means, by the property in his marriage settlement, or otherwise, .of satisfying the judgment -recovered against, him in this court to October sessions 1826, No. 18, now, it is hereby agreed to'be the unaderstanding of the parties to this suit, that if' the plaintifrfescover, that the liability of the secuity from said defenoant shall. be to the extent of the property actually settled by ,said defendant on Ins then intended wife, by virtue of a marnage settlement, dated the - day of December 1825.
-And if judgment shall be for the defendant, that the said. property contained in said settlement shall be entirely discharged, and the security entered as above stated entirely'at an end, either party to be at liberty to carry the case, according to established regulations, to the supreme court of the United States for determination."
The case was tried at the April term of the.circuit' court in 1831, under these agreements, and a verdict under the charge of the court, wa$ rendered for the defendant. ,The plaintiffs excepted to this charge and prosecuted this writ of error. The whole of the charge of the.court was inserted in the bill of exceptions, and brought up wilh the record.
The facts -ofthe case as made out in evidence, according to the views of the court, are stated particularly in the charge to the jur.

SUPREME COURT.
[Magniac and others v. Thompson.]
The charge was as follows "The nomnal parties are the plaintiffs and the defendant.
The real parties are the plaintififs and the defendant's wife. "The nominal question is whether the defendant has any
property. The real question is whether the property he owned in December 1825, passed to Richard Stockton, father and trustee of Mrs Thompson, for her use, or whether it remdined in the defendant on account of the legal inefficacy of the marriage agreement to divest him of it, and vest it according to that agreement. If it was operative in law, the house furmture and fund in hands of Robert Stockton belong to him in trust for the uses ok the agreement.
"If not, then the law deems J. R. Thompson to be the legal owner in trust for his creditors, of whom the plaintiffs seem to be the only ones.
"He remains the owner, not because the agreement is not binding on him, but because, under the circumstances of the case, his indebtedness to the plaintiffs put it out of his power to so divest himse f of it as to prevent his creditors from considermg it his so far as to be a fund for the payment of their debt, and this is the only question we have to settle. From the evidence, the plaintiffs' debt is a fair and valid one, as between them and defendant, between him and Mr Fisher it is not our province to inquire ,. that depends, perhaps, on the evidence of authority which the latter can produce, but his evidence 18 sufficient for the plaintiffs to show a debt existing at the time of the marriage agreement. The judgments confessed by Thompson are evidence not only against him, but as they may affect the interest of his wife in the property in question. to show the indebtedness of Thompson at the time of the agreement. (Hinde v. Longworth, 11 Wheat. 210.) Taking the judgment in connexion with the testimony of Mr Fisher, you will probably think the plaintiffs' case so far made out as to estab ish the existence of a valid legal debt due plaintiffs by defendant at the time of the marriage settlement, and no evidence being given to impeach the claim, we think, in point of law, it is so, unless you feel at liberty to discredit Mr Fisher, though Mrs Thompson is no party to the judgment, it is evidence to affect her claun.

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Magmac and others v. Thompson.]
"This brings us to the main question of the validity of the marriage settlement, on winch the cause must turn.
"It isgood between the parties, and good as to all the world, unless ir is liable to impeachment for fraud, which is of two kinds, fraud in fact, and fraud in law.
"The'first is an intention or design to defraud, delay, injure or prevent creditors-from receiving their just debts, by a sale, deed, settlement or agreement, by which the property of a debtor is withdrawn, or attempted to be withdrawn, from their reach. The English statute of 13 Eliz. declares all such acts null and void as to creditors; this statute is in force here, and you will consider it as having the same effect in this cause as a law of New Jersey, the common law makes the- aame declaration, and, if the evidence brings this case within it, your verdict must be for the plaintiff. Proof of fraud may be made out ny direct evidence, or may be inferred from such circumstances as will justify that inference, but a jury ought never to presume it without either, you ought to be satisfied that the facts before you indicate and.reasonably prove ihe'existence of that dishonest fraudulent intention, which brings the case within the true spirit and meaning of the law. A mere doubt or suspicion of the fairness of the transaction -ought not to.be sufficient to lead to the finding of any act to be fraudulent, unless the conduct and situation-of the parties, and the effects intended tp be produced by the act, appear inconsistent with their integrity, and admit of no reasonable interpretation but meditated fraud, to be effected by the agreement, sale or deed, on this subject the law does not -remain to be settled lby-this court, it is laid down by Judge WasHington, and adopted by the supreme court in the case of -Conard v. Nicholls, 4 Peters,. 295, 296, 297, and must be considered as binding on court and jury in deciding on this part of the case.
"To taint a transaction with fraud, both parties must concur in the illegal design, it is not enough to prove fraud in the debtor, he may lawfully sell his property with the direct intention of defrauding his creditors, or prefer one creditor to another, but unless the,purchaser or preferred creditor receives the property with the same fraudulent design, the contract-is

SUPREME COURT.
[Magniac and others v. Thompson.]
valid against other-creditors or purchasers who may be mjured by the transaction. The declarations or admissions of the debtor, as to the object intended-to be effected, are evidence to contradict his answer to a bill in chancery, b'ought to annul the act alleged to be fraudulent, but not to defeat the title of the grantee or person claiming under it, or to have a bearing on the whole case. 2 Peters, 119, 120, Venable et al. v. Bank of the United States, 2 Halst. 173, 174, S.P Before you can pronounce this marriage agreement void and inoperative, on the ground of' actual fraud, you must be satisfied not only that the defendant made it with design-to defraud his creditors, but also that Mrs Thompson, and her father and trustee, Mr Richard Stockton, participated and concurred in the fraud intended, if they were innocent of the combination, it would be harsh and cruel in the extreme to visit on her the serious consequences of her intended husband's acts, and as inconsistent with law as justice.
"The facts of the case are neither complicated or contradictory, affording evidence much more clear and satisfactory than usually appears in such cases, it appears that John R. Thompson, after residing some time in Canton, l6ft it in March 1825, and returned .to this plecp in June following, that he paid his -addresses to Miss Stockton during the summer, contracted an engagement of marriage with her, and contemplated making a settlement upon her as early as September. That the marriage articles were executed on the 19th December, and the marriage solemnized a few days afterwards, or perhaps sooner; he built a house on the lot mentioned m the agreement at an expense of thirteen. thousand dollars, furmshed it at the expense of-five thousand dollars, but, invested no part of the forty thousand dollars during the lifetime of Mr Stockton. In September 1829, he put into the hands of. Captain Robert Stockton, who succeeded his father.in the trust, securities to the amount of nine thousand five hundred dollars, on account of the sum to be invested pursuant to the settlement. From the evidence of Mr Fisher and Mr Maclhe, it appears that Mr Thompson was worth, say in December 1825, about eighty or ninety thousand dollars in money and personal property, and

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Magnmac and others v. Thompson.)
owed seventy thousand five hundred dollars, of which seven thousand five hundred dollars were on his ownaccount due in Canton, and paid b:y Mr Fisher. The residue was the sixtythree thousand dollars borrowed by Mr Fisher on the 22d November and the-2d December 1825, from the plaintiffs on the credit and on the alleged authority of Mr .Thompson, but entirely for the use of his father, Edward Thompson,-m order to complete the cargoes of his ships then at Canton short offunds. We have no evidence of any other debts.which would matenally diminish the sum which he was estimated to be worth. This large debt was contracted; ndt by any specific, but general directions or orders., it was unknown to him till the spring of 1826 that such a debt existed, and therefore could not have been-m his contemplation when the marriage articles were executed, they could not have been entered into for the purpose of defrauding the plaintiffs, and he appears to have had no other creditors unless those who were paid by Mr Fisher, in Canton, out of Thompson's funds in his hands. The security given to the plaintiffs exceeded the amount of the respondentia bond twenty-three thousand three hundred dollars, which may fairly ba.presumed to have -been invested in the invoices pledged to the plaintiffs out of his own funds, as there is no evidence that this suii was raised by loan on. the goods purchased dh credit. This-added to 'the other debts, amounting to seven thousand five hundred and forty-eight dollars, makes thirty thousand'seven hundred and( forty-eight dollars, wnch would seem to have been raised without -contracting a dett. Defendant pledged twenty-three thousand three hundred dol"lars of thlsto secure-,he pluntiffs for a loan made for the use of Edward Thompson;. and made, Thompson personally liable in the bond.. If the contractfig a"debt in this manner, by which there could be no profit but commission, and might be attended -with'heavy loss, was intentional fraud, then you will judge whom it could have been intended to defraud, Magniac
or Thompson, if there was any part of the debt lost, it must fall on the latter; the former could not suffer unless the proceeds of the two invoices produced less than sixty-Three thousand dollars, and Thompson became -isolvent, if, under such circumstances, you-fiO that there was meditated fraud, it-will

SUPREME COURT.
[Magniac and others v. Thompson.]
be hatd to discover a motive wich could operate on the mind of the defendant to his own benefit, or injury of the plaintiffs.
"Tins debt not being contracted personally by Mr Thompson or his special directions, it would be difficult to infer any fraud in him in borrowing the money, and still more so in hi§ agent, Mr Fisher; it cannot well be doubted that it was the intention of the one, in confernng the authority, and of the other, in. executing it, to comply with every stipulation for repayment, or that in entering into this agreement of marriage, all parties were ignorant,of the existence of the debt. The mortgages of the invoices of eighty-six thousand dollars for security, is most powerful evidence to negative fraud of any kind, these are the most matenal, and probibly all the facts of the case, necessary for your consideration of the question of fraud in fact, you will apply the law as read and stated to you to the evidence, and decide according to your convictions of the justice of the case. As a question of fact, it.is for your exclusive decision, the court, however, think proper to say, that in their opinion, an inference of intentional fraud would-be a~very severe comment on the conduct of the parties.
"If, however, you should be of opinion that there was such fraud attending this transaction as -brings it within the legal principles laid down for your guide, you will find accordingly a verdict for the plaintiffs.
"Anotherpart of the issuewhich you are to decide is, whether the defendant has concealed, and has in his possession, disposal or command, any part of the property he owned in 1825, amounting to eighty or. ninety thousand dollars, winch has been accounted f6r as by statement-of Mr Fisher and Mackie, leaving the sum of twenty-five or twenty-six thousand dollars, which has been shown to be invested in the house furniture and securities inthe :hands of captain Stockton,. connecting this with the evidence of Mr Norrs, you will be able to decide whether, defendant has any means of paying the plaintiffs' debt, of which he has not given an account, or whlch remain in his hands.
"Ihtracing through the evidence the conduct ofthe defendant towards the plaintiffs in relation to tins debt, you will discriminate between the deliberate design to defraud by secreting pro-

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[B.bgn and others v. ThQmpson.]
perty for his own use, and losses mcIWre by casualties and want of prudence or discretion, on tJis part of the'issue you are to inquire only as to the property which he actually has in his possession or control, not into what be paight to have had, or what he has disposed of for any other use than -his own, and will not take into consideration what has been expended or applied towards the marriage contract, that being the subject of the first inquiry, which is altogether distinct from this.
"The next and most important question is, whether the marnage contract is fraudule.t in law, and for that reason void as against the plaintiffi; that is, although the intention of the parties was fair and honest, and the act done without any deagn to defraud, the policy of the law forbids its execution, and takes from it -all legal efficacy as to the creditors of John R. T'hompson. The deeds, gifts, grants or other contracts, which the law avoids, are those made with intent to defraud, binder,
delay or injure creditors; and in order to avoid them, both the party giving, and the party receiving, must be participating in the fraud. On this subject, the law is written and cannot be misunderstood. The sixth soction of statute Eliz..ch. 13, pro, vides that the act shall not extend to any interest in lands or goods and .chattels made on good consideration, bona fide lawfully conveyed or assured to any person not having, at the time of such conveyance or assurance to them .made, any manner of notice or knowledge of such fraud, covin or collusion.
"The words of the law require that both parties mulst concu in the fraud, in order to bring the case within its provisions. and such has been its settled judicial exposition for two hun. dred and sixty years.
"There are in law two kinds of considerations; good, which is natural love and affection, and valuable, whidh is money or marriage. The word good is used in this law as applied to cases which it does not mean to embrace; but from the evident meaning and object of the law, to protect creditors from the disposition by debtors of their property with intent to defraud them, and from dispositions which might produce that effect by conveying it to their wives, children, relations or friends; all courts, both of law and equity, have considered the word good as meaning valuable consideration.
VOL. VI1.-2 V

SUPREME COURT.
[Mapgac and others v. Thompson.]
"You will perceive that the law, as thus expounded, embraces three kinds of conveyances:
" 1. Those made with the intention in both parties to defraud creditors; these are void, whetherz made with or without con.sideration, good or-valuable, not only on account of the covin or collusion, but as exempted from the saving of the sixth section, not -beingbona fide.
11 R. Voluntary, made for good consideration, but tending to defraud creditors; if they are permitted to have a legal operation to,vest the property conveyed, the policy of -thelaw makes them void for legal f'aud-though there is no fraud in fact, the fraud in law.being deemed equivalent to it.
113. For valuable consideration, in good faith, without notice by the person receiving the conveyance of any fraud, covin or collusion by.the grantor to defraud his creditors; these axe excepted from the operation of the law before referred to; they are good and valid at common law to pass the property conveyed, and purchasers under such conveyances are entitled to, and receive the protection of all courts of justice. From what has already been given you in charge on the subject of actual fraud you will be enabled to decide whether this 'case comes within the first class of case of intentional fraud in-both parties to the marriage contracts if you are not satisfied that this contract is of this character, then it cannot fall within the second class of voluntary conveyances. If it was made in conteii~plation of -narnage, i was made on a valuable consideration, and puts the intended wife on the footing of a purchaser for money, and not of a voluntary grantee or donee for the mere consideration of love and affection. She is not to be considered in any court as a volunteer, but comes into -courtat least on an equality, both in law and equity, with -any other partiss whose claims are founded in money. You will not fo'get the difference between a provision -for a wife and children before and after marriage; when there is no portion or money paid, it is the difference between a purchaser and a volunteer, for the former the consideration is as valuable as the debt due a creditor, or the money received from a purchaser in the latter; it is, from its nature, merely voluntary; there can be no -other than ta good considerationt for making it; there

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Magnrac and others v. Thompson.]
eists, it is true, a moral obligation to provide for their support and comfort, but that moral obligation must'yield to the legal one, which every man must observe towards those who have just claims on his property. In dispositions of property which take effect in the disposer's lifetime, as well as after his death, there is a golden rule which applies to all-a man must be just before he is generous; this applies to all cases between volunteers or those claiming merely by a voluntary disposition, made by deed or will to those who have no legal claims on the person who makes it on the one hand, and' creditors and purchasers on the other. But where conflicting claims between creditor and creditor, purchaser and purchaser, or pur ii.., and creditor, arise in court, they axe settled by other rules. The first inquiry as to them is, whether one class has a legal ,right to the debt claimed, or the other to the thing claimed to be purchased, such as is recognized in a court of law; the second- 'is, whether that right has been so acquired as to be attended with such circumstances of fraud, accident, mistake, trust, inadequacy of price, or unfairness, as will annul or modifyit m a court of chancery, accrdihg-to-the established principles of courts of equity.
"Creditors have, as between them and the debtor, an undoubted right to so much of his estate as will pay their -debts; but the debtor has a right, equally undoubted, of preferring one creditor to another, or giving all his property to one; 'this is neither fraud in law or fact in the absence of covin or collusion. A debtor may sell his whole estate, turn it into money, and distribute it among his creditors at his pleasure, those only who have liens on it, can, in either case, have any resort to the property in the' hands of a bona fide purchaser or creditor, who has fairly received it, in payment of his debts. These are known principles of law, long settled and established by umversal consent and, adoption in our system of jurisprudence, they form rules of property and title on which the peace of society and security of rights essentially depend, they cannot be shaken by courts or juries without producing endless confusiun, uncertainty, and want of confidence in the admm istration of the laws of the land.
"We will then apply them to the case. under our considera-

SUPREME COURT
[Magmac and others v. Thompson.]
tion, in order to ascertain, by their bearing on its merits whether it comes within the third class of cases, which, we have seen, are excepted from the provisions of the statute.
".A. contract in consideration of a future marriage, is of that nature which creates a legal and equitable obligation on the parties to perform it, in good faith, according to its stipulations; the consideration is good apd valuable in contemplation of the law, as if it was made on the loan or payment of money; if the contract is executed, the parties become purchasers; if it remains executory till after the marrage, they become creditors on its consummation, or assume pro tanto the character and acquire the rights of both, if executed only in part. They are entitled to the protection of all courts in the enjoyment of what is granted, and to their aid in enforcing the performance of -what has been stipulated to be done, and where either party can rightfully call on a court of law or equity to compel the other to perform an act necessarT to the execution of the contract, and the judgment or decree of the court would be given in his favour, a voluntary performance of the legal or equitable obligation would be equally valid. The consideration being valuable if the contract, whether executed or executory, Is made in good faith with one having no notice or knowledge of any fraud, covin, or collusion to defraud creditorsperformance may be enforced or voluntarily made, and the contract carried ito execution at any. time, either in the whole or in part, as is in the power 'of the party; And whatever is so done, will be as valid and binding between the parties and in relation to third persons, as if the execution had been completed on its date. The law is express in referring to the time of the conveyance and assurance, and embraces not only perfect grants or gifts, but any estate or Interest in lands, goods and chattels, made, conveyed or assured. On these principles it is tfe .opinion of the court, that the evidence in this case brings the marriage contract within the sixth section of the law, excepting itfrom the operation of the first section, unless you shall find that it was made, not bona fide, or with notice or knowledge of a fraud in John R. Thompson in enteringinto it,brbught home to his intended wife, and that Thompson actually entered into it with such fraudulent, covinous or collusive intention,

JANUARY TERM 1833
[HMgnm= and others*'. Thompson.]
"If you do not find such want of good faith or existence of notice, then Mr Richard Stockton must be considered at law as a purchaser for valuable consideration, bona fide, and without notice, so far as the contract has at any time been proved to have been. executed by Thompson. and his creditor, so far as remains to be executed, and Mrs Thompson as having the same character m equity, and captain Stockton as invested with all the rights and standing, m all respects, m the situation of his father.
"The aspect in which these considerations present the cfse, is a contest between Mr Stockton and Mrs Thompson, the one the legal, and the other the equitable purchaser of the house, curniture and securities from John R. Thompson, by the contract and in consideration of the marriage, and the lot as the marriage portion, and the plaintiffs. his sole creditor. Thus they stood at the commencement of this suit, and as creditor at the time of the contract and consummation of the marriage, they having performed their stipulation, had a perfect right to call on Thompson, both at law and equity, to perform his. If Mrs Stockton is a purchaser, she is one of the most favoured class; the consideration she has given is as valuable and as much to be valued as money; it is not necessary to consider it as more so; if she is invested with, the acknowledged rights of a money purchaser, a conveyance of real or personal property made to her before marriage, by her intended husban:i, of real or personal estate, would be as valid and effectual although he was in debt as if he was not. If he had the legal title to the thing conveyed and power to sell, the interest and beneficial use would vest in her and her trustee, by the deed, as fully and completely, if the property had been held in trust for others, as if Thompson htd a right as perfect in equity as at law, provided she had no notice of the-trust. This is a universal principle never questioned, and protects all bona fide purchasers for valuable consideration without notice, before the money paid'or the condition of the grant performed.
"The application of-this well known and acknowledged rule of law -toMrs Thompson does not make her a prerogative or a privileged purchaser, it only puts her on the footing of every other purchaser, from one who has the legal title. subject lo

SUPREME COURT.
[Magnmac and others v. ThompsQn.]
an unknown trust, for the use of a third person. This case
is of the strongest kind against the cestui que trust, if the plaintiffs can be so 6onsidered, and they cannot be placed in any attitude wlch can give them better rights than m that, for the debt was contracted with them but a few days before the date of the marriage articles, and in a quarter of.the world so distant as to preclude the possibility of notice to other parties. In the common case of a trustee, conveying the legal estate to the injury of cestul que trust, the trust exists at the time of the conveyance, it is necessarily known to the trustee, and notice may be brought home to the purchaser by direct or circumstantial evidence, as in all other cases, but in this it could be done by no possibility.
"1Whenthe law is so well settled, as in the case of a conveyance by a trustee to one having no.notice of the trust, it can have no effect to urge any arguments of-hardship on the person injured, we could not change the law on the subject if we-would, and should violate our duty not to so declare it. It is a bardship on a widow or an orphan who has been defrauded by-her tustee, in selling what is not his own, but theirs, but it is great, if not a greater hardship on the widow or orphan to be deprived of property -which they have purchased and paid for by money earned by their industry, and deprived of that on the faith of which they have devoted their lives to a husband, and placed at his disposal their future happiness and last cent. A loss must fall on one of two innocent sufferers, whose claims may be supposed equal in justice aid equity; in such case the law leaves the property with the one who has acquired the legal title by fair purchase in good faith and wVithout notice, and a creditor of a fraudulent debtor, who sells or settles on his intended wife property which he is bound both in law and equity to apply to pay his debts, can on no principle le more favoured'in any court than the person whose property is unjustly conveyed by a trustee to pay his own debts, to rob one-family in order to save another, or secure a provision for an expected one of his own. A creditor is no where more favoured than the infant, the ward, the widow or orphan, whose property is in the hands of trustees, without lien or security, and subject to his disposition by deed or bill of sale.

JANUARY TERM 183S;
[Magmanc d others -v. Thompsop.]
CThe creditor of-a deceased debtor has the same right to the
payment of his debt out of. his property as - living one ;. yet a sale of the personal property of a deceased,, by an-executor, administrator or trustee,. to pay his own debt, is good against creditors, the widow and next of kin, if made without notice or collusion, and no court of chancery will annul it,. yet it is as much a breach of faith, as deep a vlation of moral honesty, as to-settle the ,same property on an intended wife, to whom he was under as high and imposing obligations to perform his contract of marriage, by paying the promised consideration on which it was solemnized, as to discharge a bond given for money lent or property purchased.
"These are general principles and rules of law which; we feel confident,. are the pre-existing law. of this. case, and, as such, lay them-down to you as-the legal rule -for your verdict; we should make, instead of expounding the law, act as legislators of new rules,,and not 'as judges, expositors and adinmistrators of old and well established ones, in declaring-that Mrs Thompson is, in this case, to be, viewed in a less favoured light than a purchaser iii consideration of money or property.
"The. consideration of the contract on which this cause depends, -isboth marnge and property, the value of the one -cannot be, and the other ,has not-been ascertained in dollars, but we think the, justice of this case can be attained without doing either, considered as- a purchase, niade in good fpith, and the purchase money paid without notice of any fraud by the intended husband, we know of no principle by which it can be declared void in a court of law, we. know of no case in which a conveyance of real or personal property so made, has ever been, or, agreeably to legal" principles, could be annulled and set aside on tny reason founded on mere madeqnacy of consideration. All that is required to render-a, conveyance valid at law in that respect is, that there be some consideration, the.amount is not matenal and cannot be in-quired into either as respects the grantor, his creditors, or subsequent purchasers oL the same -property, in the absence of actual and legal fraud in the- grantor, ornotice of- it to the grantee. The only resort of the parties.who complain.of any equitable fraud,..or other circum tanc which would .mvali-

· UPREME COURT
[(lagtic ana others v. Thompior.]
date it in equity, is to those courts they only ean decide upon the inadequacy of a pecuniary fund, or the equality of mar. nage to a.given sum of money, or value in property, under the circumstances of the case. Cases may exist in which a court of chancery would compare and estimate them, for the relief of a creditor, a purchaser,, or perl~aps the party, in a strong and dlear case of injustice, when such a case occurs it will be time to give an opinion on it, as yet we J now of no instance in which a court of chancery have set aside a purchase for a valuable consideration, or a marriage contract, when made bona fide, and without notice of fraud or defect of title, those claiming under them have ever been the peculiar favourites of such courts, and their rights can never be disturbed, unles in some extreme case of such a nature as to call for the application of old rules and principles to a new state of facts, which have never yet been presented to a chancellor. Truth is not to be elicited by fbrced comparisons and extravagant suppositions, or extracted from extreme cases of rare and barely possible occurrence, the rules of law have been settled to meet the common and ordinary occurrences of life, which come withib the cognizance of courts of justice, extreme cases may arise, and though necessity may have no law, yet there are rules for all exigences, but they are only to be app ted when they arise, they differ much from those which regulate and govern the ordinary common contracts of society. The court perceives nothing in the one now under our examination, which gives it any unusual features. At the time-it was entered into, if you view the evidence as we do, Mr Thompson, so far as he could judge, was aeundantly able to make the stipulated provisions for his intended Wife, without doing any mjury to the plaintiffs or any other petson, he has given evidence of losses enough to account for his inability to coinply either with his cohtract with his w1fe or plaintiffs, but they were unforeseen at the time, they happened not by his dishonesty or even imprudence. An investment was made by his agent without,his knowledge, ,the money was borrowed; the purchase-and shipment made by Mr Fisher, in good faith, and in the exercise of sound discretion. But what cot eightysix thousand three hundred dollars in Canton) produced less or

JANUARY TERM 1833.
Magi axud others Y.Thompson.)
not more than forty thousand dollars m Philadelphia, it h"n been a calamity by which the defendant has suffered and must suffer, is wife must lose thlrty thousand dollars of her settlement, or the.plaitiff lose tWelve thousand dollars of his debt; even admitting their equities to be equal, she has a legal advantage which no court.can take from her, unless her conduct can be impeached for actual or legal fraud, it would be as unjust as illegal and inequitable,to visit alone on her the nsfortunes which attended her husband's affairs. Considering Mrs Thompson then as a purchaser under the marriage arti. cle, we are decidedly of opinion, that there is no legal fraud attending the transaction which would ihvalidate it in a court of law, or any matter given in evidence which would impair its obligation in a court of equity, the nature of the iseue seems to us to require both views to be taken. If Mrs Thomp. son: cannot be viewud .as the purchaser -of the property contracted to be.invested for her use, she A certainly a fair and honest creditor from the -time of its execution, if not from the time of the proposed settlement in August, after the engage. ment of marriage was made, if she was a'creditor on the 19th December, Thompson had a right to prefer her in preference to any other creditor to the extent of his whole property, whenever he codld realize or reduce it into possession. The. mere priority of the plaintiff's debt, in poMt of time, gave him no such legal or equitable priority of payment as to prevent the mdrnage agreement f oma having a legal efficacy on the parties, though Mr Fisher had a previous authority to contract it, it could not cut out the inchoate rights of Mrs Thompson, by the engagement and proposed settlement in the summer of 1825, which, you may fairly infer from the agreement, was M the course of execution, by Thompson having begun to build a house on the lot of which Mr Stockton was to stand seised in trstA before the date of- the articles, and the deposition of Captain Stockton is, that it was built in 1825 and 1826. These circurmstances may be thrown out of view on both sides, and the rights of the respective parties be tested at the time of the consummation of their respective contracts, that of the plaitifi on 22d November -and .2d December, and Mr Thompson's on the 19th if they were both fair creditors, Mr
VoL. VII.- rW

370-

SUPREME COURT.

[Magniac and others v. Thompson.]
Thompson had a clear undoubted'right to prefer either, and pay the whole debt out of any property on which the other had no lien, and we are of opinion, that she might be considered as a fair creditor to the amount of the promised settlement, made under circumstances which, we think, wholly insufficient to justify its being rescinded, in whole or in part, in a court of law or chancery, unless it was attended with actual fraud. If it had comprehended his whole estate, and the certain consequence of being carried into effect, or the intention of the parties had been to exclude the plaintiff from the payment of him debts under cover of the agreement, on the equity side of the courtwe would give him relief. But this case seems to us to have no such character; the intervention of unexpected losses Alone, and neither the effect of the agreement or the intention of 'the parties have produced the existing state of thmgs, which, if,not changed by ytur verdict, and our judgment, will leave the -parties thus. The plaintiff's debt was nominally sixtythree thousand dollars; the sum actually received by Mr Fisher sixty-one thow and and two dollars, beanng an interest of per cent, of-wnch he has received all now due, principal and interest, except about twelve thousand dollars; that of Mrs Thompson, estimating the house and furniture at eighteen thousand dollars, amounts to fifty-eight thousand dollars, of which there is yet due thirty-five thousahd dollars, if Moris's debt is not good, or thirty thousand five hundred dollars if it is good, besides interest from December 1825. Though this, in equality of loss, might and would not betof any importance to hdr in a' court of law, it would be a powerful circumstance in -a court of equity,"to which the plaintiff would apply for relief from, alleged hardship. The time at which the contract was made, and the circumstances then attending it, connected with the situation of the parties at that time, furnish the proper ritenon by which to ascertain their respective righis; 'if they have changed by events happening' since,-and are tb be governed by their situation at the.commencement of tie suit; it Is unportarit to view the change of the marriage contract. Initedd of withdrawing the forty thousand dollars, to be invested for the use of Mrs ,Thompson, it has been.reduced to five thousand dollars certain, or nine thousaird five hundred dollars con-

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Magmws and others v. Thompson.]
tingent, had this been the original stipulation, it would hardly have been deemed an unreasonable or disproportionate consideration for the marnage, of the sum promised, and inerest, she-will m no event receive more than one fifth, and possibly orily'one tenth from the wreck of Mr Thompson's property, while the plaintiff has received more than the half of what remained due hJm, after deducting the proceeds, of the. two invoices, of which no partwent-to Thompson or his wife, but the whole was applied to the plaintiff. It is also an important matter, ap it affects the character of the two contracts at the time they were made, that Thompson gave no security, and, pledged no specific fund for the investment of forty thousand dollars, but as security for the repayment of an actual loan of sixty-one thousand and two dollars, the plaintiff received as security goods of wnich the prime cost was eighty-six thousand, three .hundred dollars.
" This-mew of the merits of this cause seems to the court to be'sifficient fort the. decision of,.the points directly at issue; others have be5bn:mad&; and , ably argded. by counsel onboth sides, butwe are-not disposed to trouble you with-a discussion not necessary t6 a correct decision of the question between the parties. The cause'.as been tedious, and its examination silfficiently laborious; we shall not, therefore, investigate, the doctrine of voluntary conveyances or contracts of mamage made after it has been consummated, they not partaking of -the character of purchases in consideration of money or marriage. In the first class of cases, the existence of. debts due by the grantor at the time of the deed or contract, has a very important, if not decisive bearing on their validity, as to creditors; the law is not clearly settled, so as to their effect on subsequent purchasers. But it has never been decided that' a deed conveying to a bona fide purchaser, or an intended wife, is in any manner impaired by the mere existence of pre-existing debts,_ and to this class of cases alone it is necessary for .youor.the court to direct their Attention.
"The rules which we have expounded to you, as controlling, this cause, are such as are founded on principles which are assented to by counsel on both sides, they differing only in their application; there can, mdeed, be iio other cuestion, if

SUPREME COURT
[Magniac and others v. Thompson.]
Mrs Thompson is to be considered as a fair purchaser without notice, or an honest creditor; her claims can only be affected by fraud in a court of law, or such a case of equitable junsdic.. tion, as could induce a court to annul a conveyance, made in consideration of money, or as security for a debt, or enjoin the assertion of any right accruing or clalniiig under it. The importance of the prindiple involved in this controversy, made it our duty to examine it at large, and as the sUm in dispute authonzes either party to take the cause to the supreme court for revision, we have given an opinion explicitly, so that the law may be fairly settled. We conclude, then, with instructing you that a settlement made before marriage, makes the intended wife a purchaser; if agreed to be made, she is a credi. tor, and protected in the enjoyment of the thing settled, and entitled to the means of enforcing what is executory, if the .ransaction was bona fide and without notice or fraud. The plaintiffs have made an objection to the operation of this deed for the want of eAridence of delivery; this is a question for you to decide, the-evidence is sufficient to prove it, if you believe the witnesses; the building and furnishing the house are facts tending very strongly to prove the delivery in a satisfactory manner; the law on this subject is well settled by the supreme court, in Carver v. Astor, 4 Peters, 23. 28,82. You will apply it to this case.
"It has. been said that the contract of settlement has been abandoned; it is not to be presumed, and we think the facts given in evidence do not amount to it; every act contemplated to be done by either party, has been performed, except making up the investment, the omission to complete it is not in itself sufficient to authorize you to find that the whole contract has been rescinded, so far as it has been executed, it is not open to any presumption of the and, and the allegation of abandonrnent seems to be inconsistent with tha charge of .alleged fraudulent intention to defraud the plaintiffs. You may find, if you are satisfied with the fact, that the payment of the balance of the forty thousand dollars has been waived by consent of the parties, but this can have no effect on the investment actually made. The non-delivery of the securities for the nine thousand five -hundred dollars, till near the time when judg-

JANUARY TERM 1833.
wamgnsc and others v, Thompson.]
ment was rendered in New Jersey, and the omission to record the marriage articles, have been relied on in aid of the presumption of abandonment, but under the circumstances of the case, we do not think they conduce to prove it, (the case last referred to seems to settle this point, 4 Peters, 24, 98, 99) and nothing appears from which an inference can be drawn that Mrs Thompson, for whose benefit this contract was made, has done or consented to any act which could impair her rights under it; the omissions of her trustee to enforce the payment of the money, or to record the deed, cannot be deemed a waiver by her. If the trustee had done any acts inconsistent with the agreement, it could not affect the legal validity of her rights, and the acts of a parent will not be construed to be so unless clearly intended. 4 Peters, 93, 95.
" The court have been requested to charge you, that m point of law, the covenant on the part of Mr Richard Stockton to stand seised to uses, operated as an immediate conveyance to his daughter before marriage, and that by the marriage, Thompson became the owner of the furniture in his own right, and had the exclusive use of the house and lot unincumbered with the trusts of the agreement. By the covenant contained in that agreement, Mr Stockton was not to stand seised to the use of his daughter till after theMarriage; if it is the understanding,of the plaintiff's counsel that there is any evidence of any other covenant than this, we are unable to perceive it. The. deposition of captain Stockton is positive, that his father did not convey, but covenanted to stand seised of said lot (prout deed), this does not even conduce to prove there wae any deed independent of the marriage articles, and evidently refers to it, which the court instruct and charge you, as matter of law, does not operate by tha statute of uses, 27 Henry 8, to pass the legal estate to the lot or any other property referred to in the agreement to Mrs Thompson or the defendant. It remained in Richard Stockton during his lifetime, devolved by his death on his heir at law, Captain Stockton, and now remains in hun on a trust executory; it never was and is not now one executed by that statute. It is -unnecessaryto explain to you the reasons of this opinion, as it would perplex your consideration of the case with a dry detail of abstruse princi

SUPREME COURT.
[Kag@=ia and others v. Thhompson.]
ples, neither amusing or instructing to any persons, except
those whose professional or judicial duty may lead them to the investigation, as a sheer question of law, you will.probably not be disposed to investigate it for yourselves.
"Thee court are also requested to charge you on three other points of law. 1. That the expenditure of five thousand dollars in furnishing the house is per se fraudulent on creditors, we think not: furniture is part of the marriage contract, to be provided by Thompson in a suitable manner, as he should think fit. He. had a discretion which he might exercise in a reasonable manner, according to their station and associations in life, proportioned to the kind of house and extent of income, the trustee or wife could not, in law or equity, compel Thompson to furnish it extravagantly.or at useless and wanton expense, and if he should do it voluntarily, it would not be.within the true spirit and meaning of the marriage articles, and might be deemed a legal fraud on creditors as to the excess. But 'before we can say that it is a fraud in law to expend five thousand-dollars -in furnishing a house costing thirteen thousand dollars, and'the %'tablishmentto be supported by the income of an invesftmenit of forty thousand dollars m"productive funds, we mlist le meattfied that it isi at the first blush, an extravagant arid unw&ranted expenditure under all the' circumstances in evidence, arid to an extent indicating some fraudulent or other motive unconnected with the fair execution of the contract, of which we are not satisfied, and therthre cannot harge you as requested by the plaintiff's counsel, there being no clear abuse of the discretion confided by the contract to Mr Thompson. A less expenditure on both house and furniture would have been more prudent and discreet in the situation of the parties in 1826, when the house was finished, something could have been saved for investment if less expense had been ircurred, and eight or ten thousand dollars'een made productive. Had this been done, there could have been little groun of complaint by a creditor; but as to him it was immaterial how the money was expended, his only concern was in the amount, not the objects of the expenditure, so that they were according to the terms of the agreement; whether a given sum was applied to one object or the other, or fairly proportioned

JANUARY TERM 1883.
[Magmac and others v. Thompson.]
among them, affected only the parties, not creditors. 2. We are next asked to charge you that the delivery of the notes to captain Stockton, m September 1829, was a fraud; if it was done in order to comply, in part, with the agreement, it was not so; if it was colourable, made with the intention of covering,and concealing so mucb, under pretence of the marriage articles for Thompson's use, and so received by the trustee, it was legally fraudulent as to creditors--but if delivered with such intention,.and ;not so accepted, then captain Stockton might not only fairly. apply it to the trust fund, but was bound to do so. Though it may have been done on the eve of the judgment confessed in New Jersey, that would.make no difference, it being to carry into effect the agreement of December 1825; had it been to makeoa new settlement after marriage, if it was in consideration of a portion: or property, it would not have been fiaudulent per -se; and the time which intervenes between the making provision for a wife, and the contracting the debt'or obtaining a judgment against the husband, is not a matter which per se makes it a fraud, it may or may not be. suspicious, and connected with other circumstances as evidence of it. 4 Wheat. 506. 507, 508.
0 The remaining point on which, the charge of the court is requested, is, that the marriage agreement. is yold, because not recorded within the time required. by the law of New Jersey for recording deeds. The covenant to stand seised to the uses declared would come within this law, if the uses were executed by the statute so as to make it an actual conveyance or deed passing the-legal estate, but being executory, it is only a covenant giving an equitable estate-to those for whom the trust was created and.continues, and not-a deed. But considering it as a deed, the want of recording does not .make it void as between the parties, though it would become void as to the creditors (perhaps) and purchasers from Richard Stockton without notice; bit the omission to record it is no fraud on plaintiff, and- cannot affect him, not being void as between the parties, it giv% to John R. Thompson no other estate or interest but such asanses from the trust, he cannot be entitled to any legal estate or interest under it incompatible with the nature and terms and objects of the trtit;' our instruction,

SUPREME COURT.
[MfgmZcand othera v. Thompson.]
therefore, is, that the marriage contract is not void for want of being recorded in time.
"CThe principles of law which have been t~hus expounded to
you as the guides to your verdict, are all which are deemed biy the court or counsel to be applicable to the merits of this case, or necessary to be understood, in order to decide it correctly; theyform what, in our judgmenty is the pre-existing law of the case, and have been extracted from judicial decisions which Afford to our minds conclusve evidence of their wisdom and justice. The rules laid down are not new ones, either here or in that country which is the source of our jurisprudence, and to whose judicial tribunas thewisest and best judges will look without any fear of foreign influence; to some with veneration, And to all with. respect, as the 'expositors of the same common Itw which originated there, and, adopted in this country, is the source of national pride to both, as a system equally distinguished for its wisdom and public benefits. It has not been thought necessary to cite to you all the particular cases in which judges have established these principles, or refer you to the time of their application, as the nature of thecases decided may have led to their development, this is more proper in courts of error, or in deciding in others, questions referred solely to the court. The course pursued saves you much-time, and relieves your imnds from much perplexity; it does not produce any injury to the'parties; itsaves you from a comparison between the character of .the courts and, judges, who may have given judgments or opinions, settling and declaring the rules of the common law or the construction of statutes. Whether we have, in forming our judgment as to the law of this case, drawin from the old and pure fountains of our jrisprudence, or the muddy rivulets which flow from them, need only be decided by that tribunal to whom none appeal without full confidence that it will in justice give such judgment as will correct all the errors of inferior courts. You will not be willing to confide more in your own judgment to correct any mistakes which this court may have committed in the instructions they have given you, than in that of the supreme court, to whom either party. may submit this cause. Let our judgment be what it may as to the law, it can do harm to no one without their sanction; with

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Magniac and others v. Thompson.]
their approbation a safe rule of titles and property will be established, your judgment might not lead to one so sound or permanent. -Much of what you- have heard, has been repeated from the adjudication of that ourt,. much from.those of Eng'land, their judges and chancell irs, whose judgments, decrees. and opinions have been carefully reviewed and' approved by the pure and eminent jurists who have presided in our own courts. If, in following the path which they have pursued in the administration of justice, this court looks abroad-as well -as at'hoie for light and knowledge to guide our course of legal investigation, it has been and will continue to be done without the fear of being misled by example, or the self-reproach of' adopting in our or inculcating in your minds, principles unsound in law, or dangerous in their moral-tendency."
The case was argued by Mr C;,J. Ingersoll for the plaintiffs in error, and by Mr Binney for the defendant.
The counsel for the plaintiffs made the following assignment -oferrors
The charge of the court instructed the jury that under-the circumstances in evidence, the. law is against the plaintiffi, that the marnage settlement in question would be valid unless all the parties thereto were guilty of fraud, that marriage is a sufficient consideration for settlement, and left to the jury nothing to find by their verdict, but whether the defendant's wife and father were equally guilty with the defendant in the alleged contrivance to defeat the plaintiffs, arguing, as thp charge does thrQughout, that the verdict should be for .the defendant.
He also submitted in argument the following points of law. 1. .The settlement covenants that the grantor should furnish the house in a suitable manner as he should judge suitable. and proper. As he proved insolvent, and unable to comply with the other terms of the settlement, it was contended for the plaintiffs that five thousand dollars was a fraudulent investment in furniture ;- on whibh the jury were to pass their
VOL. VIL-2 X

SUPREME COURT.
[Magniac and others v. Thompson.]
verdict. The court rejected this view, assumed to determine tha the sum was proper, and would not permit the jury to pass upon it.
2. The settlement covenants that the grantor would. in the space of one year from the time of the marriage place out on good security, in stock or otherwise, the sum of forty thousand dollars, and hand over the evidences thereof to the trustee. This, covenant was never fulfilled: But some years afterwards, when the trustee was dead, on the eve of the judgment confessed by the grantbr in New Jersey, lie passed over two promissory notes for nine thousand five hundred dollars,, together, to the son of the trustee, in performance as was said of the settlement in part. This was contended for the planfitiffs to.be fraudiulent, and as such to be passed upon by the jury. The couxt overruled this position, and charged that unless the notes were both delivered by the grantor and accepted by Robert Stockton, with fraudulent intentions, the transfer is good.
3. As the deed of settlement was not registered till after-the plaintiffs' judgment in Jersey against the defendant, it was insisted for the plaintiffs, that pursuant to the express provision of the statute of New Jersey, in that case, the prior judgment. prevails over the subsequent settlement. The statute of uses, 27 Eliz. ch. 10, annexes the possession to the use, the lot and house held by Richard Stockton, in trust for his daughter, became her property, which the husband reduced into his possession, and the plaintiffs' judgment binds it, notwithstanding the subsequent marriage settlement. This was also overruled by the court.
Mr Ingersoll contended Th'i plaintiffs are prior creditors. There was ho contract for a marriage settlement until a month after the defendant, through his agent, contracted the debt in question to the plaintiffs. The property settled is enough to pay the debt, so that the marriage settlement is the only hindrance, and the question is whether itas an insuperable legal impediment. The philosophy of the law on this subject is simple honesy-to give

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Magmae and others v. Thompson.]
every one his own. The English common law, which is our law, differs from the law of all the rest of 'the civilized world in identifying the wife with the husband. A married woman can own nothing, canq lose nothing, can hardly be guilty of a imsdemeanour if by construction of law it may be imputed to her husband, whereas in the countries of the civil law, marriage is like a commercial partnership, a firm in which the interests of husband and wife axe the same, respecting the joint stock or property. In the great families of England, says Lord Mansfield, it has been found convenient to establish marriage settlements, which luxury and chancery have entrenched behind the principles of the civil law, usurping the free empire of the common law So long ago as the year 1570, the statute 13 Elizabeth indicates a primitive and proper repugnance to such a contrivance, and endeavours to reinstate the common law, impaired by marriage settlements and other fraudulent conveyances, for which it enacts not only annihilation, but punishment. In defiance howeyer of this resistance of the common law, and the statute law, which is but declaratory of the common law, the English chancellors, who were always interested parties, have built up a system of encroachment and exclusiveness ill suited to American manners, fortunes and institutions. The mtate of New Jersey by an act of assembly re-enacted the statute of Elizabeth, which itself was but declaratory of the common law, and though American judges are deplorably prone to follow blindly in the ruts of British precedent, yet we may at least claim .ir as the settled law of this court that we are to be governed by English law before the American revolution, and not to follow them in all .the enormities which they are chargeable with since. Cathcart v. Robinson, 5 Peters, 264.
The. case of Campion v. Campion, 17 Vez..262, may be mentioned as one of those strumpet decisions of the modern English chancery which it is tobe hoped do not give ihe law to this country.
The present is the case of a man in trade, with immense outstanding debts and liabilities, without a particle of real estate, or even of personal, but in mere speculation, who im.

SUPREME COURT.
[Magmac and others v. Thompson.]
mediately after the marriage declared is inability to settle the property proniised by the marriage settlement, who has not and never had any goods, stocks, credit, property, or estate of any.kind, nothing to pledge even if he wanted to borrow, who pleads utter insolvency, who settled on his marriage the very money he borrowed of the plaintiffs, and who now lives upon it in their despite. Within a month of the crash of his father's immense failure, with whom he was connected in trade, which was an affair of such importance as to be published in the English newspapers, the defendant, by marrage settlement, set apart and now withholds all he could ever claim, and much more than he ever was entitled to;
The question is whether such is a valid marriage settlementThat it hinders the plaintiffs who are prior creditors is beyond all question. In the court below it was insisted for the defendant that by antenuptial settlement the wife is a purchaser, holding by a consideration equivalent if not superior to the most valuable. For the plaintiff, conceding this .position, it 'was contended nevertheless that there must be a fair transaction, -as well as a valuable consideration, that fraud. will vitiate any contract whatever, that even acquittances, bonds, laws, treaties, may be annulled by fraud, and why not the contract of marriage settlement! The charge sanctioned both these positions, the plaintiffs without reserve., carrying it out in argument ad libitum, and the plaintiffs' position with a qualification which forms the first exception, to wit, that to invalidate a marriage settlement the wife and her father must combine with the settlor or husband, and be equally guilty with him of premeditated fraud. The charge is explicit that there must be not only notice or knowledge, or even participation, but combination and premeditation of all together and alike.
This, it is submitted, is not the law. The jury were misled in being so instructed. They should, have been advised that they might find fraud in the husband, and knowledge of or notice to the wife.or father, and that such a state of things would vitiate the settlement as a fraudulent transaction. The charge considers, first, fraud in fact, secondly, the question of property under the special agreement, and thirdly, fraud in

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Magnmc and othemYv. Thompson.]
law, or constructive fraud. The jury supposed, and had reason to suppose, that unless they found the wife and father equally guilty with the husband, they must affirm the marnage settlement as a fair transaction. It even goes so far as to say, in an argument much elaborated to support the settlement, that it would be cruel and harsh in the extreme, and mconsistent with law and justice, to visit the wife with the husband's fraud, unless she concurred in the intention of it, and was guilty of the 4combmnation. Now, the law, as expressly enacted by the statute of Elizabeth, and by the act of New Jersey, the common law, the common sense, the obvious morality and reason of the case are, that if either wife or father knew or might have known, or had the least reason to suspect, the husband's fraud, the transaction is altogether fiauddlent and void. For it is a question to be determined by the whole transaction, not a part of it. The argument of the charge to thejury puts it to,them to ascertain how muih.fraud there was, whereas it is submitted as the law, the reason and the morality of the contested principle, that any thU leastparticle of fraud by either party, with any the least notice to the other party, vitiates and annihilates the whole proceeding. The proviso or exception of-the sixth section. (Atherly, 212) is to except those settlements -wichare made. on good consideration and bona fide without any manner of notice or knowledge of the fraud and so are the authorities. Cadogan v. Kennet, Cowp. 434, Doe v. Ruiledge, Cowp. 710, Blanchard v. Ingersoll, 4 Dal. 305, GeigeK v. Welsh, -1Rawle, 353, 1 Roper on Husband and Wife, 298, Dewey v. Baynton, 6 East, 257, Barrow v. Barrow, 2 Dick. 506, Sexton v. Wheaton, 4 Wheat. 507, same case, 8 Wheat.. 389, Hinde v. Longwortb, 10 Wheat. 213, Johnston v. Harvey, -2Penn. Rep. 82, Garland v. Rives, 4 Rand. 282, the two last cases are in point.
In all these cases and on all occasions the questionwas and must be, was it a fair trakwactlot4 not how much fraud -was there id it. In postnuptial cases the. law infers fraud. In antenuptial cases it is the question to be tried. It is a. ques. tion of fact, which -a court cannot compel a jury,to qualify. The morality which -pervades all -law, and which is the law

SUPREME COURT.
*[Magntac and others v. Thompson.]
itself, prohibits all fraud, not merely a combinationof fraud, and it considers -the slightest notice .as the fullest participation. Edward Thompson's enormous failure shortly before the settlement, involving John Thompson, must have excited suspicion and incuiry; and the fact is, and such was the plaintiff' argument on the trial, that Mr Stockton repudiated the settlement, satisfied as he must have become of its invalidity. For. the poignancy of'the misdirection is that it was a complete surprise:. the fact of combination or participation between husband and fathernever having been suggested or'intimated-by the plaintiffs' counsel to the jury. On the gontrary, their argument was that far from combining, Mr Stockton revolted at the settlement, and refused to complete it. This argument was drawn from the incontrovertible and conclusive facts, that it aever was either acknowledged or recorded during his life, but remained a dead letter in family secret, never carried into execution, owing to the settlor's acknowledgement immediately after the marriage that he was unable to set apart the forty thousand dollars stipulated by the settlement to be invested for the use of the wife, or any part of it, being, as he ackniow]edged, utterly insolvent. Thus his immense debts, large losses, and- overwhelming liabilities, becoming known to Mr Stockton immediately after the settlement was signed, and the marriage took place, he did not choose to involve his daughter and himself in the useless odium of such an illegal-attempt to deprive creditors of their property. The settlement was there, fore cast away, never completed while Mr Stockton lived, never acted upon, and no attempt ever made to realize it, till by tie settlor .lust on the eve of his confession of judgment to the plaintiff, when he had it acknowledged and recorded. -All these circumstances the plaintiff had a right to submit to the jury as prdof of knowledge or.n6tice, to be inferred, not from participation in the fraud, but repudiation of it. But the court. instead of suffering 'this view to be presented to the jury for their determination, frustrated it by a misdirection as to combination, which left the jury ilothing to find but the fact of coMbination or a verdict for the defendant.
'Even in the definition of fraud the charge misdirected the

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Magmiac and others v. Thompson.]
jury by a reference to the case of Nicol v. Conard, 4 Peters, 296, where Judge W.ashington's attention was fixed on the instance of fraud by one with notice to another, not that of fraud by two or more which is defined covin. Co. Litt. 357, b. defines it as referred to by Judge Washington. But both Littleton in the text, and Coke in the 'ommentary, put instances of individual fraud in which two or more are concerned, as contradistingmshed from the fraud of combination, or covin. So doea Hardwicke in the case of Chesterfield v. Jansen, 2 Yes. Sen. 155. So.does Mansfield in the case of Cadogan.v. Kennet, Cowp. 43, where the very case is put of a fraudulent conveyance to an innocent trustee. Such are the cases of Garland v. Rives and Johnston v. Harvey before cited. In the case of the Postmaster General v. Reeder, 4 Wash. C. C. Rep. 683, Judge Washington explains his opinion of fraud actual and constructive; and in the case of Gihan v. The North American Land Company, 1 Peter's C. C. Rep. 464, he individuates it. The charge3 it is therefore submitted, annuls the whole law of notice as to fraudulent conveyances, and makes -every one a fair purchaser who is not a participator ih the fraud, so that a .wife or fatherhave only to remain wilfully ignorant of a husband's fraud, and a family settlement will be valid of property acquired by highway robbery. Oni the part of the plaintiff, it is submitted that the principle of law is to be found well expressed in the careful language of the sixth section of the statute of Elizabeth, that entire good faith, besides a valuable consideration, are indispensable to the validity of every marnage settlement.
Exception was also taken to three distinct errors alleged against the charge as follows:
First. The s6ttlement -covenants that the grantor should furnish the.house m a suitable manner. As he proved msolvent.and unable to comply with the other terms of the settlement, it was contended that five thousand dollars was a fraudulent investment in furniture, on which the jury were to pass their verdict. The court overruled this position, would not peribit the jury to pass. upon it, but assumed to itself thQ determination that there was no fraud. The case of Campinn

SUPREME COURT.
[Magniac and others Y.Thompson.]
v. Campion,. 17 Yes. 262, the authority of which has been -drned, sanctions thtn position of the plaintif' counsel, and is authority-afortiorn when it deteimmes against a family settlement.
Secondly. The settlement covenants that-the grantor would in the space of a year pace the sum of forty thousand dollars on good security and 'hand over the evidences, thereof to the .trustee; which covenant was never fullilled. But several years afterwards, the trustee having in the. meanwhile died without the acknowledgement or registry of the conveyance; the settlor, on the-eve of the judgment he confessed to the plaintiff, passed over two promissory notes to the trustee's successor, in part performance of the settlement, as it was said. For the plaintiff it was contended that this was fraudulent, and as such to.be passed upon by the jury. The court overruled this position;- and erroneously, as i§ submitted, assumed to -itself to determine that there was no fraud unless the settlor and the trustee concurred m it.
Thirdly. The deed of settlement was not recorded till after the plaintiffs' jidgnent; in which case the act of -assembly of -New Jersey is explicit that the conveyance is inoperative as against the judgment. Act of 5th June 1820, Laws of New Jersey, ed. 1821, page 747. Two cases have been determined in South Carolina, where the law is similar, that are strongly in point. Ward v. Wilson,.l" Dessaus. 401. Forrest v. Warrington, 2 Dessaus. 264. The statute of uses, 27Elizabeth, ch. 10, annexes the possession to the use. The house and lot held by Mr Stockton in trust for his daughter became her property by the express terms of this statute: tlhe husband by occupation reduced it into.his possession; and the plaintiffs" judgment binds it notwithstanding the marnage settlement. The statute is positive that of real estate held for her use the seisin is in her. 4 Cruise, Dig. 96 (133), 419 (420), tit. xi. ch. 3, s. 4, 5, 6. The charge is that the marrage article is not a conveyance, but antexecUtory covenant,. which makes no difference, for the statute ih terms comprehends that with all sgnilar cases. It is the very case the statute ihatended to .provide against.

JANUARY TERM 1533.
[IMarna. and others v. Thompson.]
Mr Binney, for the defendant in error. There -cannot be. a better introduction to me defendant's argument, than a reference to Carver v. Jackson, 4 Peters, 80 upon the sweeping exceptions to the charge of.the circuit court, which this bill of exceptions exhibits. Thq whole charge is set out, and the whole is excepted to, .the recommendation of this court to the contrary notwithbtanding; and the,proper- corrective of the practice if persisted in, would seem to be,.to disregard every exception which any possible interpretation of the charge.
can obviate. A fair interpretation, as it is termed, does not belong to a practice which, whatever be its motive, is unjust to the court, the opposite, counsel, and the cause. Nothing, however, is necessary to support this charge but the application of common rules.
What the plaintiffs' paper book calls the overpowerng argument of the court upon the facts, is not. a ground of exception. Whether the opimon of the court was- right or wrong, it did not bind the jury. It may be difficult in some cases, and it was impossible in this, -to say any thing about the facts, without an overpowernng argument against the plaintiffs' claim. So far as that claim asserted any intentional wrong m any one of the parties to the settlement, it was wholly without foundation or colo ur. The naked question pre~ented bythe case, if question it was, was whether an antenuptial marriage settlement, a settlement m consideration of marriage, without the -least suspicion by the intended wife or her trustee of either insolvency or debt on the part of the intended husand, was good against creditors. The facts-exhibit nothing to.vary tfie terms of this question. In the autumn of 1825 the-defendantwas worth from eighty to. ninety thousand dolldis, without any debt, and-without any responsibility, except for a respondentia contract, which resulted in no loss. In September he made proposals of marriage and of settlement, and was accepted. On the 19th of December the articles in question were executed, after a statement of his property, set forth in the bill of exceptions. The marriage soon afterwards took place. The-de, fendant then completed the house upon Mr Stockton's lot, at a cost of about twelve thousand dollars, and' furz~ished it-at a cost of about four thousand dollars, and in 1829 he handed to
VOL. VII.--:2 Y

SUPREME COURT.
[Magmac, and others v. Thompson.]
the trustee five thousand dollars of good, and four thousand five.hundred dollars of doubtful property, on account of the marriage settlement, and this is all that it has produced. The plamtifgs'.demand, and the only demand in existence against the defendant, except a loan for -ersonal expenses. during his embarrassments, arose out of a contract in Canton, of the 22d November 1825. It was a loan of sixty-three thousand dollars, made.upon a pledge of all the merchandize which that sum purchased in Canton, and twenty-three thousand dollars more, with the additional benefit of coming freight free to the United States, the intended market of the investment. The loan was made without the knowledge, and against the expectation of the defendant, but in virtue of a power left behind hun to meet the contingency, which occurred, of his father's ships requirmg funds to fill themup; and the commercial disasters of the season not only absorbed the entire pledge, but left the defendant a debtor to the extent of the judgment in the circuit court. The peculiar feature of this debt is therefore, that it is the residuum of a mortgage debt, after an onginal pledge of the entire investment of the money and a third more, and the specific transaction moreover unknown to the debtor at the time, and of course to the intended wife. What effect such a debt would have upon a postnuptial settlement, is a question'that does not ahse here. It would be a stronger case for such a settlement, than has ever been held to be insufficient.
The statute 13 Elizabeth does not avoid any settlement as voluntary, but only as fraudulent. Actual fraud in such a case could not be suggested upon the evidence, and if the law would presuTe it, it must do so in every imaginable case in which the settled property becomes necessary'by subsequent disaster, to pay the husband's previous debts. This proposition does not appear to be warranted br the books. The pfesent is, however, an antenuptial settlement, upon the valuable consideration of marriage, the very highest consideration, as it is in one instance said, that is known to the law. 2 Eq. Ca. Abr. 585. It- is -alid against purchasers as well as preditors, purchasers even without notice, unlesa they have got the legal pstgtp; J tlbe wife s a pirchaser, and has pqO.l eqWvy. Athorly 129, 151, Roberts oi Fraud. Cork. 19,% MP; Rev-

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Magnac and others v. Thompsoni]
nell v. Peacock, 2 Roll. Rep. 105; Sir Ralph Bovfs case, 1 Ventr. 194, Douglass v. Ward, 1 Cases mi Chan. 99; Ex'parte Marsh, 1 Atk. 158; Brown v. Jones, 1 Atk. 190; Northv. Ansell, 2P Wins. 618; Wheler v. Caryl, Ambl. 121, Brown v. Carter, 5 Ves. Jun. 878, Doe v. Routledge, Cowp. 712, Nairne v. Prowse, 6 Ves. Jun. 752, East India. Company v. Clavel, 3 Bac. Abr. 315, Fraud.
Being such a consideration, the statute 13 Eliz. expressly excepts it from its operation. It excepts deeds upon valuable consideration, even fraudulently intended by the gratitor to defeat his creditors, unless the grantee has notice or knowledge of such covin. The intended wife, and not merely her trustees must have notice or knowledge that the bounty of the husband is intended as a fraud upon his creditors. 'Nothing, short ofthis will answer. The fraud and the intended fraud, without such notiqe, are nothing more than in the case of an ordinary sale. Barrow v. Barrow, 2 Dick. 504, Champion v. Coiton, "17 Veg. 263, Tunno'v. Trevisant, 2 Desaus. 264, Preble v. Boghurst, 1 Swanst. 319.
The plaintiffs' counsel, while he impugned the docttiiie in the circuit court, admits it here, and objects to the charge because it goes further. He understands the judge to have charged that something more is necessary than notice -of the intended fraud, that there must be combination, concur. rence, confederacy, preconcert. Supposing this- not to have been explained or qualified, it means nothing more than what must exist in every such case as the.plaintiff alleged this to be, one, namely, in which notice, if brought home at all, was so to a party witA whom a previous negotiatiot was made for the. deed, and who, in consummation of the treaty, accepted the deed. In such a case, all parties are actors in the fraud. The fraud is perpetrated -withthe aid of a party conscious of it, and assisting at its birth. If A. mdkes a fraudulent deed to B., C. may know of it, without combimng or concurring; but if B. has notice of the fraud before, and at the time of accepting the deed, he is guilty of combination, .oncurrence, confederacyand preconcert with the grantor. There is unity of action and design in both. The statute, in such a case, punishes the

SUPREME COURT.
[Magniac and others v. Thompson.] grantee by a penalty This,. consequently, was. good law m reference to the case, as the plaintiff himself stated it.
But the court did not say that something more than notice was necessary. They simply stated what in every such case notice to the grantee must amourit to. This meaning is obvious from manyparts of the charge, and particularly from the concluding summary, in which the instruction is given to the jury. ' A settlement made-before marnage, makes the intended wife a purchaser. If agreed to be made, she is a creditor, and protected inthe enjoyment of the thing settlkd, and entitled.to the means of enforcing what is executory, if the transaction was bona fide, and without notice offraud." The facts of fraud in the husband, and notice to the wife, were left to the jury The doctrine of the court was, that both must be shown by the plaintiff; and if this is right, the main exception fails.
The main points adhered to m this court by the learned counsel, admit of short answers.
1. The paper book reisstates the charge as to the furniture. The bill of exceptions must be the guide. It shows the plaintiffi' prayer to have been *foran instruction that the expenditure of five thousand dollars in furnmishing the house was per se, fraudulent, which the court refused. There is no such proposition in law, as that a covenant "to furnish a house m a suitable manner, as the husband shall judge fit and proper," which is the language.of the covenant, or an actual expenditure to the extent of five thousand dollars, is per se fraudulent. Thera must be other circumstances.. These were marriage articles, rather than a consummate settlement, and chancery will so mould and control them as to effectuate the intention, annulling the excess of the execution beyond what was lawfully mtended. Atherley, 92, 106, 121. It is a strong proposition to assert, that an unsuitable expenditure by the husband, contrry-to the express language of Ihs covenant, shall defeat the wife's settlement for any thing more than .the excess, when that is made out by evidence. The court expressed an opinion that the.expenditure, might be bad for the excess when shown, andwere right m refusing to say that a given expenditure was,, per se, a-fraud.

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Magnmc and others Y.Thompson.]
2. The delivery of notes to the trustee, upon the eve of .the plaintiffs' judgment, was good, if the settlement was so. The -trusteewas a creditor to a much larger amount, and the debtor had a right to prefer him. The court were right in saying that the payment or delivery was good, unless made by the defendant with the retention of covering the property under pretence of the articles, and so accepted by the trustee,
3. The New Jersey statute of 5th June 1820, is wholly misconceived, or rather its effect. If the deed is void by-reason of the non-registry, the real estate, upon winch alone the statute bas any bearing, remains the property of R. Stockton, and is liable to his creditors. The creditors of the grantor, and not the grantee, are the creditors meant by the statute. It is difficult to sustain the exception, that the judgment against Thompson is to prevail over the settlement and defeat it, when it is only by the validity of the settlement that Thompson can have any thing m the land for the,judgment to affect. It is a further mistake. to suppose that any use in the real estate, mthe settlement, was executed by the statute in the defendant, The legal estate was intended to remain in R. Stockton, for the 'performance of the trusts. They rould not be performed witn. out it. He was, in certain events to lease, to receive the rents, to convey. The execution of a use. in the defendant, would have been contrary to the whole scope of the articles, and therefore it is not executed. 1 Saunders on Uses, 246, 206, 208, and the authorities there cited; 1 Shep. Touch. 505.
But if executed in the defendant as to the legal estate, it could not ,have altered the case, as he would have thereby become a trustee for the purposes of thb settlement; and, con-sequently, for the separate use of his wife and her children.
Mr Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the Court. This is a writ of error to the circuit court for the district of Pennsylvama. The .original actionwas a feigned issue between the plamti's, who are creditors, and the defendant,.tc try the question, whe.t.her he is able to pay the debt due to .them, and thm depends upon the validiy of certain articles of settlement, made -i contemplation of a marriage between the
defendant and Miss Annms Stockton, daughter of'the late Rich-

SUPREME COURT.
[Magmac and others v. Thompson.]
ard Stockton, Esq. stated in the case. The verdict m the court below was for the defendant, and judgment having been ren.dered thereon accordingly, the present writ of error is brought to revise that judgment, upon a bill of exceptions taken tW the charge of the court at the trial.
The whole charge of the court is spread upon the record (a practice which this court have uniformly discountenanced, and which, we trust, a rule made at the last term will effectually suppress), and the question now is, whether that charge contains any erroneous statement of the law; for as to the comments of the court upon the evidence, it is almost unnecessary to say, after what was said by this court m Carver v. Jackson, 4 Peters's Reports, 80, 81, that we have nothing-to do with them. In examining the charge for the purpose of ascertaining its correctness m point of law, the whole scope and bearing of it must be taken together. It is wholly madmissible to take up single and detached passages, and to decide upon them -without attending to the context, or without mcorporating such qualifications and explanations as naturally flow from the language of other parts of the charge. In short, we are to construe the whole as it must have been understood, both by the court and the jury, at. the tne when -it was delivered.
The material facts are as follows: The plaintiffs and the defendant were resident merchants in China, and the defendant left it in March 1825 to visit America. In the summer of that year -he paid his addresses to Miss Stockton, then resident with her father in New Jersey, by whom his addresses were accepted; and in contemplation of marriage on the 19th of December of the same year the articles of marriage settlement referred to were executed. They purport to be articles of agreement and covenant between the defendant of the first part, Miss Annis Stockton of the second part, and Richard Stockton, father and trustee of Miss Stockton, of the third part. By these articles, after reciting the intended marriage, and that Richard Stockton, the father, had promised to give a certam lot of land (described in the articles) to his daughter, upon which the defendant, Thompson, had begun to build a house, it is stated that R. Stockton covenants, in consideration of the

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Magmac and others v. Thompson.]
said marriage, and his love and affegtion for his daughter, that from the time of the marriage he will stand seised of the lot and premises in trust to permit the defendant and Annis his wife to live in and occupy the same; and if they do not think proper so to do, then to let out the premises on lease, and receive the rents and profits and pay over the same to the said Annis during the joint lives of herself and her husband (the defendant), if the defendant should survive his said wife and have issue by her, then in trust to permit him during his life to inhabit and occupy the premises, if he iliould elect so to do, and to pay over the rents and profits to him for the support of himself and his family, without his (the defendant's) being accountable therefor; and after his death, in trust for the child or children of.the marriage in equal shares as tenants m common, and if no childien, then upon the death of either the. husband or the wife, to convey the premises to the survivor in fee simple. By the same instrument the defendant covenants, that if the marriage should take effect, and in consideration thereof, he will, with all convenient speed, build and furnish the house in a suitable manner,',as he shall judge fit and proper, and that the erections, improvements and furniture shalt be subject to and included in the trusts. And further, that he will, in the space of a year from the marnage, place- out at good security, in stock or otherwise, the sum of forty thousand dollars, and hand over and assign-the evidences thereof to the trustee, who shall hold the same in trust to receive the interest, profits and dividends thereof for.the wife, during the jointlives of herself and her husband. And if she should die before her husband, and there should be issue of the marriage, then in trust to receive the interest, profits and dividends, and pay the same to the husband during his life, for the support and maintenance of himself and children, without any account, and after his death, in trust for the children of the marriage. A similar provision is made in case of the surwvorship of the wife; and if no children, then the trustee is to assign and deliver the securities and moneys remaining due to the survvor, to his or
her own use.
Such are the most material clauses of the marriage articles. Before the execution of them, the defendant made out a writ-

SUPREME COURT
,[Magnmac and others v. Thompson.1
ten statement of his pecuniary circumstances, in which he states that heowes no personal debts except to a small amount, .m the common course of business; that be is surety for his father in a bottomrybond to Messrs Schott and Lippincott, in the penal sum of two hundred thousand dollars, upon which there was a pledge of goods, supposed to be sufficient to discharge the bond; and if any loss should accrue, it could not be more than twenty thousand dollars, and that he considered himself worth that amount, if not more, in addition to the sun proposed to be settled.
From the testimony in the case, which is .stated in the -.charge, it appears that the marriage was consummated, that the defendant built the house on the lot mentioned in the articles at an expense of tburteen thousand dollars, and furnished it at the expense of five thousand dollars, but invested no part of the forty thousand dollars during. the life of the trustee. It also appears, that at the time of executing the articles, he was worth about eighty or ninety thousand dollars in money and personal ptoperty; that Ins agent in China, in November and December 1825, borrowed of the plaintiffs sixty-three thousand dollars on the pledge and security of property of the invoice value of eighty-six thousand dollars and upwards, -on the credit of the defendant, but entirely for the use of the defendant's father, in order to complete the cargoes of his ships, then at Canton short of funds. The property arrived at a losing market, and the debt now due to the plaintiffs by the defendant, grew out Qf their transactions, his father having failed on the 19th of November, 1825; but the existence of the loan contracted with the plaintiffs, was not known to the defendant
(though fully authorized to be made, if necessary) until -the spring of 1826.
The marriage articles were never recorded in New Jersey, where the land lies, until May 1830, after the death of the trustee. In September 1829, shortly before the plaintiffi obtamed a judgment for either debt agaiinst the defendant, the defendant delivered over to captain Robert Stockton, the son of the trustee, who succeeded him in the trust, securities to the amount of nine thousand five hundred dollars on account of the sum tO be invested pursuant to the marriage articles.

JANUARY. TERM 1833.
.Magniac and others v. Thompson.]
Such are the material facts which appeared at the trial, and the question was, whether, under all the circumstances,-the marriage articles were void as a fraud upon creditors. With reference to this point, the learned judge who delivered the charge to the jury, made, among others, the following remarks. "To taint a transaction with fraud, both parties must concur in the illegal design. It is not enough to prove fraud in the debtor. He may lawfully sell his property, with the direct intention of defrauding his creditors, or prefer one creditor to another. But,:unless tie purchaser or preferred creditor receives the property with the same fraudulent design, the contract is valid against other creditors or purchasers, who may be injureid by the transaction." "Before you can pronounce this marriage agreement void' and inoperative on the ground of actual fraud, you must be satisfied, not only that the defendant made it with design to defraud his creditors, but also that Mrs Thompson, and her father and trustee, Mr Richard Stockton, participated and concurred in the fraud intended. If they were innocent of the combination, it would be harsh and cruel in the extreme to visit on her the serious consequences of her intended husband's acts, and as inconsistent with law as justice." "The deeds, gifts, grants or other contracts, which the law avoids, are those made with intent to defraud, hinder, *delayor iiijure creditors; and in order to avoid them, both the party giving and the party receiving must participate in the fraud." "The words of the law (the statute of 13 Elizabeth, ch. 5), require that both parties must concur in the fraud in order to bring the same within the proisions."
Nothing can be clearer, both. upon principle and authority, than the doctrine, that to make an antenuptial settlement void, as a'fraud upon creditors, it is necessary that both parties should concur in, or have ,cognizance of the intended fraud. If the settler alone intend a fraud, and the other party have no notice of it, but is innocent of it, she is not, and cannot be affected by it. Marriage, in contemplation of the law, is not only a valuable consideration to support such a settlement, but is a consideration of the highest value, and from motives of the soundest policy is upheld with a steady resolution. The
VOL. VII.-2 Z

SUPREME COURT.
[Magmiac and others v. Thompson.]
husband and wife, parties to such a contract, are therefore deemed in the highest sense purchasers for a valuable consideration, and so that it is bona fide, and without notice of fraud, brought home to both sides, it becomes unimpeachable by creditors Fraud may be imputable to the parties, either by direct co-operation in the original design at the .time of its concoction, or .by constructive co-operation from notice of it, and carrying the design, after such notice, into execution.
The argument at the bar admits these principles to be incontrovertible. But it is supposed by the counsel for the plaintiffs in error, that the charge contains a different and~broader doctine; that it requires active co-operation, pre-concert and participation in the original design of fraud, and that notice of it is not sufficient to avoid the settlement, although all the parties, after such notice, proceed to execute it.
It appears-to us that this is an entirely enoneous view of the scope and reasoning of the charge, even m the passages above cited. But taking them in connexion with other passages in the same charge, it is beyond doubt that no such distinction was in the mind of the court, or was m fact uttered to the jury. The language of the charge has reference to the-actual posture of the case before the court, and not to any other possible state of facts. The case was not of a settlement already made and executed by the settler alone, with a fraudulent intent, to which settlement the wife or her trustee were not contemplated to be executing parties, and which was, after notice of the intent, accepted by them, in which the effect of notice might have been the very hinge of the cause. But the case was of marriage articles al4out to be executed by all the parties upon negotiations then had between them for that purpose, and of course, if there was a fraudulent design, known to all the parties at the time, th very execution of the articles made them all equally participators, and parties to the fraud. It necessarily involved combination, and participation, and pre-concert. It was to this posture of facts that the reasoning of the charge was addressed, and it met and stated the law truly, as applicable to them. Notice under such circumstances, necessarily included participation in the fraud. It was- not possible that the wife and her trustee, with notice of an intended fraud on

JANUARY TEAM 1833.
[Aragnmac and otheryv. Thompson.]
the part of her husband, could execute the instrument without being, in the sense of the law, participes delicti.
But the charge does, in various other passages, distinctly point out to the jury the very doctnne which the plaintiffs in error assume as the basis of their argument, and for which they contend. Thus, in commenting upon the different classes of conveyances, to which the statute of 13 Elizabeth is applicable, it is observed, that all conveyances are valid and excepted, which are "for a valuable consideration, in good-faith, without notice by the person receiving the conveyance of any fraud, coVin or collusion )y the grantor to- defraud his creditors." Aga i "the consideration being valuable, if the contract, whether executed or executory, is made in good faith, with one having no notice or knowledge of any fraud, covin or collusion to defraud creditors, performance may be enforced or voluntarily made, and the contract carried -into execution at any time, either in the whole or in part, as is in the power of the party." Again, "it is the opinion of the court, that the evidence in this case bnngs the marriage contract within the sixth section of the law (the act of 13 Elizabeth), excepting it from the operation of the first section, unless you shall fiffd that it was made, not bona fide, ox with notice or knowledge of a fraud in John R. Thompson in entering into it, brought home to his intended wife, and that Thompson actually entered into it with such fraudulent, covinous and collusive intention." And, without dwelling on other passages equally expressive, it is added in the very close of the charge, "we conclude, then, with instructing you, that a settlement made before marriage, makes the intended wife a purchaser for a valuable consideration, if agreed to be made, she is a creditor, and protected in the enjoyment of the thing settled, and entitled to the means of enforcing what is executory, if the transaction was bona fide and without notice or fraud." That these directions are correct in point of law, cannot admit of doubt, and that they cover the whole ground asserted in the argument for the plaintiffs, seems equally undeniable. We may then dismiss any further commentary on this part of the case.
The next objection is, to the charge of the court m regard to the furiture. The court were requested to charge the .jury

SUPREME COURT.
[Magniae and others v. Thompson.]
fhat the expenditure of five thousand dollars in furnishing the house was, per se, fraudulent. The court refused so to do, stating, "that furniture is part of the marriage contract, to be provided by Thompson, in a suitable manner, as he should think fit. He had a discretion which he might exercise in a reasonable manner, according to their station and associations in life, proportioned to the kmd of house and extent of income; the trustee or wife could not, in law or equity, compel Thompson to furnish it extravagantly, or at useless and wanton expense; and if he should do it voluntarily, it would not be within the true spirit and meaning of the marriage articles, and might be deemed a legal fraud on creditors as to the excess. But before we can say that it is a fraud in law to expend five thousand dollars in furnishing a house costing thirteen thousand dollars, and the establishment to be supported by the income of an investment of forty thousand dollars in productive funds; we must be satisfied that it is, at the first blush, an extravagant and unwarranted expenditure under all the circumstances in evidence, and to an extent indicating some fraudulent or other motive -unconnected with the fair execution of the contract,,of which we are not satisfied."
It is difficult to perceive any error in this direction, and it was going quite as far in favour of the plaintiffs in error as the law would warrant, for the change of circumstances of the defendantmade no difference in his obligations to perform the stipula.tions of the mariage articles. The court might well have refused to give the instruction without any explanation, for it was asking them to decide, as matter of law, what was clearly matter of fact. The argumetat at the bar has indbed insisted that the court misumderstood the object and request of the counsel, but there is no evidence of that on the -record, and certainly it is not to'be presumed.
The next objection is to the charge of the court respecting the delivery of the notes to Captain Robert Stockton, in September 1629. The court were requested to charge the jury, that the delivery of these notes to Captain Stockton was a fraud. The court directed the jury that "if it was done in order to comply, in part, with the agreement, itwas not so., If it was colourable, made with the intention of covering and conceal-

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Magmac and others v. Thompson.]
ing so much, under pretence of the marriage artisies, -for Thompson's use, and so received by the trustee, it was legally fraudulent as to creditors; but if delivered-with such intention, and not so accepted, then Captain Stockton might not only fairly apply it to the trust fund, but was bound so to do. Though it may have been done on the eve of the judgment confessed in New Jersey, that would make no difference; it being to carry into effect the agreement of December 1825.'
We cannot perceive any error in this part of the charge. The wife became a purchaser and creditor of her husband, in virtue of the marriage articles, and if the delivery of the notes was made in part performance of these articles, bona fide, and without fraud, it was a discharge of a moral as well as of a legal duty Among creditors equally meritorious, a debtor may conscientiously prefer one to another; and it can make no difference that the preferred creditor is his wife.
The remaining objection is, that the marriage articles are inoperative and void, not having been recorded within the time prescribed by the laws of New Jersey for the registration of conveyances. To this objection several answers may be given, eaibh of which is equally conclusive against the plaintifs in error. In the first place, mamage articles or settlements, as such, are not required by the laws of New Jersey to be recorded at all, but only conveyances of real estate; and as to conveyances of real estate, the omission to record them, avoids them only as to purchasers and creditors, leaving them m full force between the parties. This is the express provision of the statute of New Jersey of 1820(a) so that, notwithstanding the nonregistration, the articles were good between the parties. Jn the next place, as to the personal estate, covenanted on the part of the defendant to be settled on his wife, whether furniture or money, it is clear that the non-registration of the articles could produce no effect whatever. If the conveyance was free of fraud, it was as to-the personal estate completely valid, even against creditors. In the next place, as to the real estate covered by the articlee, whether these articles are treated as an actual conveyance, or as an executory contract, it is clear, that
(a) Set the act of 1820. Laws of New Jersdy, editiquiff.1821, p. 747.

·SUPREME COURT.
[Magntac and others v. Thompson.]
except as to the creditors of the grantor, Mr Stockton, they were completely valid, and' operative. Viewed as a conveyance, or as a contract for a conveyance, the husband could not, consistently with the avowed trusts, take any legal estate or executed use in the real estate. The grantor necessarily remained the legal owner, in order to effectuate the trusts of the settlement, and the husbapad could entitle himself to the benefit of the trusts provided' in his favour, only m the events and upon the contingencies which are therein stated. He had no equitable interest therein capable of a present appropriation by his creditors. In every view of the circumstances, it is therefore clear, that the non-registration of the articles does not touch the plamtifis' rights; and the court were correct m their instruction to the jury, "that the marnage contract is not vold for want of being recorded in time."
Upon the whole, it is the unanimous opinon of the court that the judgment of the circuit court ought to be affirmed, with costs.
Judgment accordingly.

28

SUPREME COURT.

THE

UNITED

STATES, TLAINTIFPS IN FILLEBROWN, JUN.

ERROR V.

T0OfAS

The United States instituted an action to recover a balance, certified at the
treasury, against the'defendant on the settlement of his accounts as secretary to the commissioners of the navy hospital fund. Upon this settlement, thedefendant setup a claimfor compensation, forwhathe considered extra services, in bringing up and arranging the records of the board, antecedent to his appointment as secretary; and also for commissions on the disbursement of moneys under the orders ofthe board. These claims were rejected by the accounting officers of the treasury, and were on the trial set up by way of set-off against the demand on the part of the United States. Held. that the allowance of compensation by a fixed salary to the defendant, as the secretary of the board of the navy hospital comnssioners, ,did not exclude his right to claim extra comv enastion for the disbursement of moneys belonging to the navy hospital fund.
Held: that it was not necessary to entitle the defendant to such compensa. tion, that the board of commissioners should have passed a resolution for the payment of such commissions, and that the claim of commissions should have been sanctioned and settled by the board, m order to enable the defendant to set up a claim against the United States.
The authority of the commissioners to appoint a secretary was not demed, and this same authority must necessarily exist, to appoint agents and superintendents for the management of the business connected with the employment of the fund, and which, in the absence of any regulation by law on the subject, must carry with it a right to determine the compensation to be allowed, them.
From the testimony in.the case, it is -very certain that the secretary of the navy consideredthe agency of tbe defendant in relation to-the fund as entirely distinct from his duty as secretary, 4nd for which he was to have extra compensation. And it is fairly to be collected from his deposition that all this received the-direct sanction of all the commissioners. But whether it did or not, it was binding on the board, for the secretary of the navy was the acting compnssioner, having the authority of -theboard for doing what he did, and his acts were the acts of the board, in judgment of law. It was therefore an express contract entered into between the board or its agent, and the defendant, and it was not in the
power of the board, composed even of the- same men, after the service had been perfonmed, to rescind the contract, and withhold from the defendant the stipulated compensation. There is no doubt, th9 board, composed of other members, had the same power over this matter as the former board; but it cannot be admitted that it had any greater power.

JANUARY TERM 1833.

29

[United States v. Fillebrown.]
The rejection therefore of these claims, on the 7th.of September 1829, after all the services had been performed by the defendant, can have no influence upon the question. There is no general principle of law known to the court, and no authority has been shown establishing the doctrine that all the proceedings of such boards must be in writing, or that they shall be deemed void, unless the statute under which they act shall require their proceedings'to be reduced to writing. It is certainly fit and proper that every important transaction of the board should be committed to .writing; but the law imposes no such indispensable duty. The act of 1811, 4 Laws U. S. 311, constituting the fund'for navy hospitals, only makes the secretaries of the navy, treasury and war departments, aboard icommssioners, by the name and styli of commissioners of navy hospitals, anid gives some general directions in what vray the fund is to be employed: but the mode and manner of transacting their business is not in sny way prescribed. It is not true even with respect to corporations, that all their acts must be established by positive record evialence. In the case of the Bank of the United States v. Dandridge, 12 Wheat. 69, this court 6ay, "we do not adinit as a general proposition, that the acts of a corporation are invalicrimerely from an omisson to have them reduced to writing, unless the statute creating it, makes such writing indispensable as evidence, or to givethem an obligatory force. If the statute imposes such restriction, it must be obeyed. If the board had authority to employ the defendant to perform the servces which he has rendered, andthese services have been actually rendered
at the request of the board, thelaw impliesapromiseto payfor the 6ane. This principle is fully established in the case of the -United States v. Wilkins, 6 Wheat. 143 which brought under the consideration of the court, the act of the 3d of March 1797, 2 Laws U. S. 594, providing for the settlement of accounts between the United States, and public receivers. The mstructipns given to the jury by the circuit court were: if the jury believe from the evidence, that the regular duties to be performed by the defendant, as secretary to the commissioners of the navy hosptal find, at the stated salary of two hundred and fifty dollars per antum,.did not extend to the receipt and disbursement of the fund that the duty ofreceiving and disbursing the fund was required f and performed by him, as an extra service, over and. above the regtilar duties of-his saidappoit. ment: that it has been for many years the general practice of the govern. ment and its several departments to allow to persons, though holding offices or clerkships, for the proper duties of.which they receive stated salaries or. other fixed compensation, commissions, over and above such salaries or other compensation, upon the receipts and disbursements of public moneys, appropriated by law for particulir services, when such receipts and disbursements werenot among the ordinary and regular duties appertaining to such offices or clerkships, but superdded labour and responsibility,, apart from such ordinary and regular duties. and that the defendanttook upon himself the labour and responsibility of Ax me.

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Filebrown.]
ceipts and expenditures ofthe navy hospital fund, at the request of said commissioners, or with an understanding on both sides, that he shouldbe compensated for the same, as extra service, by the allowance of a commission on the amount of such receipts and expenditures: then it is competent for the jury m this case, to allow such commission to the defendant, on the said receipts and disbursements, as the jury may find tobave been dgreed upon between the said commissioners and the defendant. or, in the absence of any specifi, hgreement, fixing the rate of commissions at such rate as the jury shall flndtb be reasonable and conformable to the general usage of the government, and its departments, in the like cases. These instructions were entirely correct, and in conformity.to the rules and principles of the law on this subject. Upon the trial of this cause, the defendant offered to prove, by parol testimony, the general usage of the different departments of the government, m allowing conmissions to the officers of goverhment upon disbursements of money under a special authority not connected with their regular official duties. The counsel of the United States objected to the admLson of parol evidence to prove such usage, but the court permitted the eviIlence to be given. By the court: we see no grounds for objection against the usage offered to be proved, and the purpose for which it was o offered, as connected with the very terms upon which the defendant-was employed to perform the services. It was not for the purpose of establishing the right, but to show the measure of compensation, and the manner m which it was to be paid.
IN error to the circuit court of the United States for the distnct of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington.
The United States, on the 23d day of May 1829, instituted a suit in the circuit court of the district of Columbia, for the recovery of the sum of .two thousand "and seven dollars and eighty-four cents, to which amount the declaration alleged the
4efendant in error, Thomas "Fillebrown, Jun., to be indebted to the United States, "for sundry matters and articles properly chargeable in account, as stated in a particular account, &c.1 The declaration also contained the common counts of goods sold and delivered, money laid out and expended, money had and received, and an account stated and settled, &c. The defendant pleaded non assumpsit, &c.
The cause was tried by a jury at May term 1830, and a verdict was given in favour of the United States, for one thousand nine hundred and thirty-seven dollars and seventy cents; which verdict was, on the motion of the counsel for the defendant, set aside, -and a new trial ordered.

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States v. Fillebrown.] "
On the first Monday of May 1831, the-cause was again tried by a jury, and the following verdict was rendered in favour of the defendant, upon which the court entered judgment.
"And the jurors aforesaid, at the time of bringing in their verdict aforesaid, filed in court here the following certificate, to wit. 'The jurors empannelled in the case of the United States v. Thomas Fillebrown, Jun., find, upon examining the accounts filed, that the United States are indebted to the said Fillebrown in the sum of four hundred and thirty dollars.
"'Witness our hands, this 26th day of May 1831.' From this judgment-the United States prosecuted a.writ of error. On the trial of the case, the deposition of Samuel L. Southard, Esq., late segretary of the navy of the United States, was read in evidence -on the part of the defendant. In the testimony of Mr Southard it was stated, that from the year 1825 to March 1829, he, Mr Southard, was secretary of the navy, and one of the commissioners of "the navy hospital fund." The situation of this fund was such as to require constant and earnest attention. Thomas Fillebrown, Jun., the defendant, was, by the board, appointed its secretary for the discharge of those duties, and is salary was fixed at two hundred and fifty dollars per annum. Mr Southard was, by the direction of the board, and by previous practice and usage, acting commissioner of the fund, and attended to all matters connected with it, except in cases of new arrangements; the expenditure of money on a new'object, or the settlement of a new principle.: when the whole board was consulted, and his acts authorized or sanctioned by it.
Mr Fillebrown's appointment had the direct and express sanction of the board; and it was understood that he was to diqcharge his duties at such times, and in such manner, as not to interfere with his duties as a clerk in the navy department, which situation he held at .the time of his appointment, and continued to hold.
His appointment was in October or November 1825, but the records of the fund do not show the whole amount of labour which he had to perform; his duties were often both troublesome and laborious.

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Fillebrown.]
Some time after his appointment, it was cobsidered proper to procure necessary books, and to make retrospective examinations into records and accounts in certain public offices, and to do whatever should be required to put the fund in a proper condition. This was regularly the duty of the secretary of the fund, but as it related to a period aterior to his appointment, for which he could not receive a compensation in his salary as secretary, it was thought proper to allow him a salary for such period previous to his actual appointment, as would be proportionate to the additional labour actually performed by him, and such allowance was made about May 1826, and had the approbation of the board. The allowance was regarded m the light of extra service, atad was given in this form to show the character of the service rendered by the defendant in error. Subsequent to the appointment of the defendant, the navy hospital fund became sufficient for the purchase of sites for hospitals, and to commence the erection of buildings. The money collected was placed in the hands of the treasurer of the United States, as the treasurer of the fund, and a special agent who should attend carefully to collecting and disbursing itwas found indispensable. Tins did not belong to the duties of the secretary of the -board, but it was thought best to give the agency to him on account of his knowledge of the mterests connected with tha fund, and his fitness for it.
The manner and the forms of transacting the business were arranged with the defendant by Ai Southard, as the acting commissioner, the responsibility attending the payment and transmission of money was imposed upon the defendant:. and at all times he acted uprightly, diligently and skilfully in every thing relating to the subject.
In so doing, it was the understanding of the commissioners that he should receive compensation in the mode and according to the practice of the government in other and similar cases: but Mr-Southard said he did not distinctly recollect whether it was to be by a specific sum, or by a per centage on the money disbursed, but was under the impression that it was the latter, that being the usual mode in such cases.
He was under the impression that he did, by the authority
of the board, allow one or more of the accounts presented by

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States v. Fillebrown.l
Mr Fillebrown, in conformity with the facts and principles stated, and that such approval and allowance will be found on file in the office of the secretary of the fund. He very well recollectedi that about the Ist of March 1829, Mr Fillebrown called on him with his accounts, desiring their adjustment and allowance; he was then very sick and not able to examine them, or consult the other commissioners; he therefore dictated to ai amanuensis, a letter to Mr Fillebrown, expressing his views and opinions respecting his claims, which letter is probably dated on the 2d of March 1829, and now on file among the papers of the fund, he then believed, and still.believes, that Mr Fillebrown was entitled to a just compensation ior the performance of the duties before mentioned.
The appointment of Mr Fillebrown as secretary of the commissioners of naval hospitals, was entered on the minutes of the board.at a meeting of the commissioners of naval hospitals, in the city of Washington, on the 7th day of November 1825.
"Present, Hon. Samuel L. Southard, secretary of the navy; Hon. Richard Rush, secretary of the treasury; Hon. James Barbour, secretary of war.
"It was resolved, that a secretary be appointed to this board, to take charge of the books, papers, &c. belonging to the hospital fund;-and to execute such duties relative thereto, as may be required of him by the board, for which services he shall be allowed the sum of two hundred and fifty dollars per annum.
"1Resolved, that Mr Thomas Fillebrowrn, Jun. be appointed secretary.
"And then the board adjourned." Of this appointment he was informed on the same day,
"1NAVY DEPARTMENT, 7th .N'oember 1825. "'Mr THOMAS FILLEBROWN, Jun., Present.
"Sir--Y'ou are hereby appointed' secretary to the board of commissioners of thenaval hospital fund. The duties appertaming to this appointment you will commence forthwith. Your compensation will be two hundred and fifty dollars per annum.
"I am, respectfully, &c.
" SAMUEL L. SOUTHARD."
The retrospective duties referred to in the dqposition of Mr VOL. VII.-E

SUPREME COURT
[United States v. Fillebrown.]
Southard, were authorized, and a compensation for the same allowed by the following letter"
"NAVY DEPARTMENT, 22d .May 1822. "Mr THOMAS FILLPBOWN, Present: "Sir --Inconsideration of the duties performed by you since your appointment as secretary to the commissioners of navy hospitals, you may consider your appointment as ante-dated six months, and draw a warrant for your salary for that period.
"I am, respectfully, &c.
" SAMUEL L. SOUTHARD."
The following letter was also read in evidence. " NAVY DEPARTMENT, 2d March 1829.
"Sir:-It was my intention before I left the department, to have submitted to the consideration of the other commissioners of the navy hospital fund; your claim and account for compensation for attending to the disbursement of the moneys of the fund, whiblh have passed through your hands since your appointment as secretary. I consider the claun perfectly-just, and do not doubt but a fit compensation would have been made, could the question have been submitted to the board. Neither the responsibility nor the labour is embraced within your duties as secretary,-and if any other person had been appointed to perform them, an allowance must necessarily have been made to hun.
"I do not doubt when the commissioners shall understand the merits of the claim, that no hesitation will be felt on the subject.
"Nothing but my severe and protracted indisposition during the whole winter, has heretofore prevented its adjustment.
"I am, respectfully, &c.
"SAMUEL L. SOUTHARD.
"THOMAS FILLEBROWIN Esq. "Sec. .Nav. Albs. Fund, W khrngton."
Other evidence was introduced for the purpose of showing that the allowances of commissions had been made by the government to others, upon similar pnnciples with those on which the defendant rested his claims.
This evidence was furnished by accounts settled at,the office of the third auditor of the treasury, with officers of the army

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States v. Fillebrown.]
of the United States, employed in the years 1822, 1823, 1824 and 1825, in which allowances of commissions, &c. were made, and compensafion paid for extra services. Twenty-seven accounts were exhibited containing these allowances. Part of the testimony was extracted from a report of the fourth auditor made to the house of representatives at the second session of the nineteenth congress. H. R. Documents, 41.
Paol evidence of a usage in the public departments to admit and pay such charges by the officers and agents of the government, was also given. The accounts of thp defendant, as settled by the accounting officers of the treasury, were also given m evidence.
The plaintifis in error took two bills of exceptions to the decisions of the circuit court on the trial of the cause.
The first bill of exceptions, after setting forth the evidence given on the trial, states,
"Upon the- evidence so given, the counsel for the United States prayed the court to instruct the jury-
"Thatif, from the evidence aforesaid, it should appear to them that the defendant had accepted the appointment of secretary of the board of navy hospital commissioners, upon the terms mentioned in the said apponitment, and in the said letter of' S. L. Soutirard to him, of the th of November 1825, as herein before stated, that in that case, he was not entitled to any extra compensation for the disbursement of the moneys belongI ing to the said navy hospital fund, and that he was only entitled to two hundred and fifty dollars a year, for the whole of the services performed by him for the said board.
"And the said plaintiffs prayed the court further to instruct the jury-
cc That, if they should be satisfied by the evidence aforesaid, that the said board of navy commissioners had never passed any order or resolution for the payment of any conmission upon the moneys disbursed by the defendant for the said board, and that the claim for commissions, which he now makes, had never ben sanctioned or settled by the said board, that it is not competent for him now to set up the said claim for-commissions against the clai of the United States, for which this suit is brought.

SUPREME COURT:
[United States v. Fillebrown.]
"Which instructions the court refused and thereupon, at the instance of the defendant, instructed the jury as follows
"If the jury believe, from the evidence, that the regular duties to be performed by the defendant, as secretary to the commissioners of the navy hospital fund, at the stated salary of two hundred and fifty dollars per annum, did not extend to the receipt and disbursement of the fund, that the duty of receiving and disbrsing the fund ,as required of and performed. by him, as an extra service over and above the regular duties of his said appointment, that it has been for many years the general practice of the government and its several departments,
to allow to persons, though holding offices or clerkships, for the -proper duties of which they received stated salaries or other fixed compensation, commissions over and above such salaries or other compensation, upon the receipts and disbursements of public moneys, appropriated by law for particular services when such receipts and disbursements were not among the ordinary and regular duties appertaining to such offices or clerkships, but superadded labour and responsibility apart from such ordinary a id regular duties, and that defendant took upon himself the labour and responsibility of such receipts and expenditures of the navy hospital fund, at the request of said commissioners, either 'nder an agreement, or with an understanding on both sides, that he should be compensated tor the same, as extra service, by the allowance of a commission on the amount of such receipts and disbursements, then it is competent for the jury, in this case, to allow such commissions to the defendant, on the said receipts and disbursements, as the jury may find to have been agreed upon between the said commissioners and defendant, or, in the absence of any specific agreement fixing the rate of such commissions, such rate as the jury shall find to be reasonable, and conformable to the general usage of the government and its departments in the
like cases. ,"To which refusal of the court to give the instructions
mo.vyed by the plaintiffs,-and. to the said instructions given at the irdstance of the defendant, plaintiffs except."
The second bill of exceptions was as follows .Ulponthe trial of this cause, the defendant offered to prove,

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States v. Fillebrown.]
by the testimony contained m the preceding bill of exceptirns, the .general usage of the different departments of the government, in allowing commissions to the officers of government upon disbursements of money under a special authority not connected with their regular official duties. The counsel of the United States objected to the admission of parol. evidence to prove such usage. But the court permitted the evidence to be given, and the same was given accordingly. To which opinion and admission of the court, the plaintiffs by their coun-. sel except, and this their bill of-exceptions is signed, sealedand ordered to be enrolled this 26th of May 1831."
The case was argued by Mr Taney, attorney-general, for the United States, and by Mr Coxe and Mr Jones, for the defendant.
For the United States it was contended 1. That the defendant is not entitled to an allowance for salary as secretary for the time claimed in his account anterior to his appointment in November 7, 1825. 2. That he was not entitled to. a credit for the commissions "ondisbursements mentioned in the exceptions. 3. That the usage and practice of the officers of the executive departments of the government to make such allowances, is not admissible in evidence for the purpose of proving their legal right to make them in this case. The attorney-general referred to the acts of congress of March 2, 1799, 3 Laws U. S. 26.6, and of 26th of February 181 1-4 Laws U. S. 338, relative to the navy hospital fund, and the appointment of the commissioners of the same. The evidence in the case contains the letter of Mr Southard relative.to the appointment of the.defendant as secretary to the board of commissioners of the navy hospital fund. The appomtment was made on the 7th November 1825, and the compensation fixed at two hundred and fifty dollars per annum, and on the 22d May 1826 Mr Southard agreed- to ante-date his salary six months. On the 27th September 1829, J. H. Eaton, the secretary of war, and John Branch, the secretary of the navy, acting-as a

SUPREME COURT.

[United States v. Fillebrown.]

board iff commissioners of the navy hospital fund, made the -following order, which was filed in the office of the fourth au-
ditor of the treasury
"Mr Fillebrown, it appears, was appointed secretary m November 7, 1825. He can be entitled to pay, as such, only from the date of his appointment. The allowance of one per cent on the moneys disbursed, cannot be allowed, unless authorized by some existing law, none such is known to the commissioners , of course they cannot haye authority to admit it.
"1J. H. EATON.

SSeptember 7, 1829."

"JoHN BRANCH.

The duties of the secretary of the board were not defined

they were, to do whatever the board should require from him.

But it is not contended that the defendant's receiving a salary

will preclude his receiving extra compensation for extra ser-

vices. The question must turn upon the inquiry whether dis-

bursements of the hospital fund were extra services I

From the nature of the services, they were necessarily a part

of the duties of the secretary of the board, and the practice of

allowing commissions on the payment of money under similar

circumstances .is not proved by the testimony to have been

uniform or frequent.

The allowance for extra salary before the appomtment of the defendant, could not be made by the secretary of the navy

alone. It required the approbation of the board. The defend-

ant had, therefore, no legal right to this allowance, and it

should have been refused by the jury, under proper instructions

from the court.

To give the proceedings of the board a legal and binding

effect, they should have been in writing. Unless thus shown,

the acts of the board cannot be proved. The assertion of Mr

Southard, that the board approved of the allowance for the

extra services in arranging and examining the accounts which

existed before his appointment, is not sufficient to establish the

right of the defendant to the same. It is doubtful, whether the proceedings of the board could be proved by parol, but this

is not the question before the court; it is whether such parol*

order could overrule what a former'board had done in writing.

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States v. Fillebrown.]
It is also suggested, that the proceedings of the board i 1829, by which the extra allowance was rejected, may contol the same. This was the act of the board, and itisimmatenal whether it was composed of the same or of different mdividualso.
As to the commissions claimed 'on the disbursement of the money of the fund, it was argued by the attorney-general, that all publib agents, unless in certain specified cases, must be appointed by the president. This is the provision of the act of March 3, 1809. 4 Laws, U. S. 220. Disbursements of the navy hospital fund come within the principles which regulate disbursements for the use of the navy; and if the act of 1809 applies to these disbursements, the commissioners could not. appoint a disbursing officer.
No evidence of usage was admissible. If there was no lawon the subject, no usage, could sustain the practice. But if it was customary for a different description of officers to receive extra compensation, or commissions, no such custom could apply to a new office. The usage of the officers in the departments cannot make a law which shall bind the government. Usage, as connectedwith a particular dffice, may be evidehce of an implied contract. But that cannot apply to newly created officers.
In reply to the argument for the defendant in error, the attorney-general admitted that the commissioners might,appoint and employ agents to execute-the duties attending the operations they were authorized to have conducted and executed; but such agents, he considered, must be appointed by the board. If a contract is made by an officer, it must be made under the authority of some law; and by the law, all authority was given to the board.
The defendant might have been employed to perform extra services for the board of commissioners;, and he was not disqualified by reason of his being the secretary. But who had the power to authorize these services.
It is not pretended that the government is not bound by Implied contracts, when services have been performed at the request of the government. But the agent who can thus bind it, must have authority tomake the contract, or employ the person .to perform the service out of which the implied contract anses.

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Pillebrown.]
A debt which can be set off against d: claim by the government, must be one growing out of some contract or employment authorized by law" but it is denied that, under the act of 1797, all equitable demands against the government may be set off in a court of justice.
The acts of Mr Southard cannot be considered as the acts of the board, nor can those acts be proved by parol evidence, in opposition to the written proceedings of the board. All he did, must be considered subject to a ratification by the board; and void, unless so ratified. In this case, his acts were disaffirmed by the board in 1829, when the board acted in refer-nce to them.
Nor could the board settle the defendant's accounts; they must be settled by the accounting officers of the treasury, m the ordinary way of settling accounts. The account of the defendant having been settled at the treasury, and his claims to the extra salary and for commissions disallowed there, the practice and understanding at the 'treasury, is shown to be adverse to such claims.
Mr Coxe and Mr Jones, for the defendant in error. The allowance of a compensation for attention to the accounts of the navy hospital fund, and what was included in the duties assigned by the letter of Mr Southard, of the 22d May 1826, was in conformity with the frequent usages of the government. This was fully proved by the evidence. This principle has also had the ratification of the legislature. The usual duties of secretary could only have been prospective, and it was extra services to bring up the arrears of the board. By an act of congress, of the 3d of March 1831, two thousand dollars were allowed to the clerk of the supreme court, for bringing up the minutes of the court; and for services which should have been performed by his predecessor. So the defendant in error was not bound as the secretary of the board to bring up old records of the proceedings of the commissioners, and to examnne accounts which existed before his appoimitipent. The commissioners had authority to appoint a secretary under the third section of the act of 1811 The powers given to the board by that section, nocessarily imply a power to appoint'

JANUARY TERM 1833.

[United States v. Fillebrown.]

agents, and to do what the trusts they had to perform required.

They could not attend in person to the business and operations

which the application of the funds under their charge enjoined

upon the board. These operations were -carried on in different

parts of the United States.

The testimony and the correspondence of Mr Southard,

show that a contract was made by him with the defendant,

that an allowance was specified for the duties he was engaged

in, which had the approbation of the board. The allowance

presupposes the right to claun it. This was proved by com-

petent evidence, as the board did not keep regular records of

its proceedings, and no objection was made on the trial to the

parol evidence; so that it is now free from all exceptions.

Nor can the rejection, in 1829, of the allowance of the salary

under the letter of the 22d of May 1826, by the successors of

those who made it, be of any value. The contract was made

with full authority to make it, the duties which were the sub-

ject of the compensation, had been performed, and those who

thus claimed the right to refuse or withhold the same, had no

authority to do so.

As to the instructions given by the circuit court on the se-

cond prayer of the plaintiffs in error, it was -argued that they.

were m conformity to the law, upon the evidence of the usage

of the government in its different departments. This general

construction of the acts of congress, and these harmomous

views of the rights of those who performed extra services,

should, have due consideration.

°

There is no validity in the objection that such claims as

those of 'Mr Fillebrown cannot be made the subject of set-off.

All equitable claims, which have been properly exhibited in

the first instance to the accounting officers, may be set up

against the demands of the United States. The nature of the

objection of the government to those who have been employed

by them, entitles them to be so regarded. Pothier on Obliga-

tions, 1.

The powers given to the comptroller of the treasury in rela-

tion to the settlement of accounts by the act of congress of

1795, 2 Laws U. S. 502, making hun the final judge upon

claims presented to him, were, by the act of 1797,.2 Laws U.

VOL. VII.-F

SUPREME COURT.
(United States v. Fillebrom]
S. 594, transferred to the courts;. with the limitadionthat those claims must be first presented to the accounting officers of the treasury. Under the provisions of this act, all equitable as well as legal claims, founded on contract or the usage-of the departments, may be brought forward before the court, and submitted under its direction to a jury. The government, by this act, places itself m the situation of an individual. The claims of the defendant are admitted, by the attomey-general, to be equitable.
The allowances of commissions are not forbidden by any statute, and the rules of -thenavy department admit them. Navy Rules; 17.
Cited, 3 Wheat. 173, to show the force of rules. Upon the principles contended for$ cited, 6 Wheat. 135, 142, 1 Mason, 21, 12 Wheat. 559.
The case of the United States v. Watkins, 6 Wheat. 135, shows that any legal or equitable claim may be set off and it is immaterial whether the claunof Mr Fillebrown had or had not been sanctioned by the board. The question is mucj broader. Did the board require or employ him to perform the services, and was he entitled to any and what compensation for it I His duty as secretary did, not at all embrace the disbursement of the money of'the fund. This was a duty of great responsibility, and this, as well as bringing up-the arrears of records, was extra service.
o
Mr Justice THOmPsoN delivered the opinion of the Court. This case comes before tke court on a writ of error to the circuit court of the district of Columbia. The action was brought-to recover a balance certified at the tr dcsury against the defendant, on the settlement of his accounts as secretary of the commissioners of the navy hospital fund. Upon this settlement, the defendant set up a claun for compensation, for what he considered extra services, in bringing up and'arranging the records of the board antecedent to. his appointment as secretary, and also for commissions on the disbursemients of moneys under the orders of the board. These claims had been rejected by the accounting officers of the treasury, *and were now set up by way of set off against the demand pn the part

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States v. Fillebrown.]
of the United States; and the questions before the circuit court were, whether the defendant was entitled to the compensation he clanned.
Upon the trial, after the testimony was closed, the counsel for the United States prayed the court to instruct the jury as follows
1. That if, from the evidence aforesaid, it should appear to them that the defendant had accepted the appointment of secretary of the board of navy hospital commissioners upon the terms mentioned in the said appointment, and in the letter of Samuel L. Southard to hn, of the 7th of November 1825, as hereinbefore stated, that in that case he was not entitledto any extra compensation for the disbursement of the moneys belonging to the said navy hospital fund, and that he was only entitled to two hundred and fifty dollars a year, for the whole of the services performed by hun for the said board.
2. That if they should be satisfied, by the evidence aforesaid, that the said board of commissioners had never passed any order or resolution for the payment of any commission, upon the moneys disbursed-by the defendant for the said board, and that the claim for commissions which he now makes, had never been sanctioned or settled by the said board, that it is not competent for lurn now to set up the said claim for commissions against the claim of the United States, for which this suit is brought.
Which instructions the court refused to give but at the instance of the defendant's counsel gave other instructions which will be hereafter noticed.
The jury found a verdict for the defendant, and certified a balance in his favour, against the United States, for four hundred and thirty dollars, and the case comes here oLa bill of exceptions.
Whether the first instruction asked on the part of the United States ought to have been given, must depend upon the defendant's appointment as secretary, and the extent of his duties under that appointment. The court was requested to instruct the j.ury, that if the defendant had accepted the appointment oh the terms mentioned, he was entitled to no compensation.

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Fillebrown.]
beyond his salary of two hundred and fifty dollars, for any services performed by him for the board.
The. second instruction asked, involves the inquiry whether some order or resolution of the board for the payment of the commissions was not mdispensabfy necessary to entitle the defendant to the allowance claimed by him.
The defendant was appointed secretary, at a regular meeting of the board, on the 7th of November 1825; and so far as Ins duties are defined, they are to be collected from the following resolution
"Resolved, that a secretary be appointed to this board, to take charge of the books, papers, &c. belonging to the hospital fund, and to execute such duties relative thereto, as may be requgred of-him by the board, for which services he shall be allowed the sum of two hundred and fifty dollars per annum."
The authority of the commissioners to appomt a secretary has not been dened, and this same authority must necessarily exist to appoint- agents and ,6uperintendents for the management of the business connected with the employment of the fund, and which, in the .absence of any regulation by law on the st4bject, must cany with it a right to determine the com-
pensation to be allowed them. It is admitted, on the part of the United States, that the
defendant's being secretary of the board, forms no objection to his performing other services not included in his duty as secretary, and receiving a compensation therefor in the same man-
ner as any other person might. The terms on which the defendant accepted the appointment
of secretary, being to execute such duties, relative thereto, as should be required of him by the board, it becomes proper to examime how the board considered the appointment, and what duties were required of hun as secretary.
It is proper here to inquire how the secretary of the navy, as one of the commissioners, stood in relation to the other members of the board.
It is evident from the manner in which this fund was created, and the purposes ana objects to which it was applied, that the general and active superintendence over it belonged appropn-

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States v. Fillebrown.1
ately to the secretary of the navy. It was therefore almost matter of course that the board should commit to him the principal management of the business, and consider him the agent of the board for that purpose. In addition to this, he was actually constituted such agent by the board.
Mr Southard, m his deposition, states that he was, by the directionof the board,and by the previous practice and usage, acting commissioner of the fund, and attended to all matters connected with it. But, when any new arrangements were to be made, or money to be expended on a new object, he consulted with, and had the approval and authority of the whole board. And all ins acts were considered as authorized and sanctioned by the board.
With respect to the one hundred and twenty-five dollars clanned for six months salary, Mr Southard. is very explicit. This allowance, he says, was made for extra serinces, and related to a time previous to his appointment, and that the allpwance had the approbation of the board. This was a service not required or considered by the boaril as coming within Is duty as secretary under his appointnent, and a stipulated compensation agreed to be paid him therefor. It is not perceived what possible objection can exist against his being allowed this stipulated sum. Whether or not it was more than a just compensation for his seriices, is a matter which this court cannot inquire into. Indeed, that has not been pretended, if he is entitled to any thing beyond his salary of two hundred and fifty dollars.
With respect to the commissmons, Mr Southard says, that, subsequent to the appointment of the defendant as secretary, the commissioners were enabled by appropriations, and collecting money belonging to tle fund from various sources, to proceed to apply the funds to the establishment of navy hospitals as required by the act of congress. That these funds were placed m the hands of'the treasurer of the United States, as the treasurer of the commissioners; and that m collecting and disbursing the fund, it was found indispensable to have an agent who should attend carefully to it, and be responsible to the board. That thus did not belong to the duties of the ecretary. But that it was thought best to give the agency to him on

SIPREME COURT.
[United-States v. Fillebrown.]
account of his acquaintance with every part of the interest of the fund, and his fitness to discharge the duty. That he was appointed the agent with the understanding that he siould receive a suitable compensation for the services he should-render in that capacity. That it was the understanding of the comnssioners that he should receive compensation in the mode, and according to the practice of the government m other similar cases. That he is under the impression that this was to be by a per centage on the money disbursed, and that he is also under the impression that he did, by the authority of the board, allow one or more of the accounts presented by the defendant in conformity to the facts and principles he has detailed.
From this testimony it is very certain that Mr Southard considered the agency of the defendant in relation to the fund as entirely distinct from his duty as secretary, and for which he was to have extra compensation. And it is fairly -to be collected from this deposition, that all this received the direct sanction of all the commissioners. But, whether it did or not, it was binding on the board, for the secretary of the navy was the afting commissioner, having the authority of the board for doing what he did, and his acts were the acts of the board, in judgment of law. It was, therefore, an express contract entered into between the board or its agent, and the defendant, and it was not in the power of the board, composed even ofthe same men, after the service had been performed, to rescm4 the contract, and withhold from the defendant the stipulated compen. sation. There is no doubt the board composed of other members, had the same power over this matter as the former board. But it cannot be admitted that it had any greater power. The rejection, therefore, of these claims on the 7th of September 1829, after all the services had been performed by the defendant, can have no influence upon the question.
It has been argued, on the part of the United States, that the sanction of the secretary of the navy, as one of the commis ioners, can give no right to the allowance without the concurrence of the other members. This proposition is not demed: but the testimony of Mr Southard, as has been already shown, goes fully to establish thq fact, that he had the -general autho-

JANUARY TERM 1833.
rUnited States v. Fillebrown.]
rity of the board to act as its agent, and leaves little or no doubt of the sanction of the board to the particular clais in question. It was, however, pretty strongly intimated at the bar, though it was not understood to -be positively asserted, that these facts could not be established by parol, but that the proceedings of the board must be shown in writing. And this would seem to be one of the questions intended to be made under the second prayer. It would be a sufficient answer to this, that no -objectionwas made at the trial to the admission of the evidence. But the objection, if it had been madej could not have been sustained. There is no general principle of law known to the court, and no authority has been shown estabJishmig the doctrine, that all the proceedings of such boards must be in writing, or that they shall .be deemed void, upless the statute under which they act shall require their proceedings to be rendered to writing. It is certainly fit and proper that every important transaction of the board should be committed to writing. But the law imposes no such indispensable duty. The act of 1811, 4 Laws U. S. 311, constituting the fund for navy hospitals, only makes the secretaries of the navy, treasury and war departments, a board of commissioners by the name and style of commissioners of navy hospitals, and gives some .general directions in what way the fund is to be employed; but the mode and manner of transacting their business is not in any respect prescribed. It is not true .even with respect to corporations, that all their acts must be established by positive record evidence. In the case of the Bank of the United States v. Dandndge, 12 Wheat. 69, this court says,
"1we do not admit as a general proposition, that the acts of a corporation are invalid merely from an omission to have them reduced to writing, unless-the statute creating it makes such writing indispensable as evidence, or to give them an obligatory force. If the statute imposes such restriction it must be obeyed." Considering then the testimony of Mr Southard as competent evidence to establish the acts of the board, it shows very clearly, that the services rendered by the defendant, and -for which he clams compensation, were not embraced within his duties as secretary of the board, but were extra services,; forvwhich the commissioiers agreed to make hun compensation.

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Fillebrown.]
Another question may perhaps arise under the latter branch of the second prayer, whether the sanction or approval by the board of commissioners was an indispensable preliminary step to entitle the defendant to set up in the present action his clann against the demand of the United States. And we-think it was not. If the board had authority to employ the defendant to perform the services which he has rendered, and these services have been actually rendered at the request of the board, the law implies a promise to pay for the same.
This principle is fully established in the case of the United States v. Wilkins, 6 Wheat. 143, which brought under the consideration of the court the act of the 3d of March 1-797, 2 Laws U. S. 594, providing for the settlement of accounts between the United States and public receivers. And the court says, "there being no limitation as to the nature and origin of the clais for a credit which may be set up in the suit, we think it a reasonable construction of the act, that it intended to allow the defendant the full benefit at the tnal of any credit, whether ansing out of the particular transaction for which he was sued, or out of any distinct and independent transaction, which would constitute a legal or equitable set-off; in whole or in part, of the debt sued for .by the United States," subject, of course, to the requirement of the act, that the claim must have been presented-to the proper accounting officers and disallowed.
The circuit court, therefore, properly refused to give the nstructions asked on the part of the United States.
The instructions giveti to the jury are as follows: If the jury believe from the evidence, that the regular duties to be performed by the defendant as secretary to the commissioners of the navy hospital fund, at the stated salary of two hundred and fifty dollars per annum, did not extend to the receipt and disbursement of the fund, that the duty of receiving and disbursing the fund was required of, and performed by hin as an extra service, over and above the regular duties of his said appointment, that it has been for many years the general practice of the government and its several departments to allow to persons, though holding offices or clerkships, for the proper duties of which they receive stated salaries or other fixed

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Unitec States v. Fillebrown.]
compensation, commissions over and above such salaries or other compensation, upon the receipts and disbursements of public moneys appropriated by law for particular services, when such receipts ai~d disbursements were not among the ordinary and regular duties appertaining to such offices or clerkships, but superadded labour and responsibility, apart from such ordinary and .regular duties: and that the defendant took upon himself the labour and responsibility of such receipts and expenditures of the navy hospital fund at the request of said commissioners, or with an understanding on both sides that he should be compensated for the same as extra service, by the allowance.of a commission on the amount of such receipts and expenditures, then it is competent for the jury in this case to allow such commissions to the defendant on the said receipts and disbursements as the jury may find to have been agreed upon between the said commissioners.and the defendant, or in the absence of any specific agreement fixing the rate of commissions, such rate as the jury shall find to be reasonable, and conformable to the general usage of the government and its departments in the like cases.
These instructions were entirely correct, and in conformity to the ifules and principles laid down in the,former part of this opinion.
Another bill of exceptions was taken to the ruling of the court, with respect to evidence of usage.
The record states, that upon the trial of this cause the defendant offered to prove, by the testimony contained in the preceding bill of exceptions, the general usage of the different departments of the government in allowing commissions to the officers of government upon disbursements of money under a special authority, not connected with their regular official duties. The counsel of the Umted States objected to the admission of parol evidence to prove such usage, but the court permitted the evidence to be given.
The reil pomt of this exception is not very apparent. From the form in which it is put, it would seem that the objection
was to the admssion ofparol evidence of the usage. But this probably was not -the restricted sense in which the objection was intended to be made. The offer, however, was not to
VOL. VII.-G

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Fillebrown.],
introduce new evidence of usage, but to prove it by the testimony contained in the preceding bill of exceptions. It amounted, therefore, to nothing more than a mere inference or deduction from the evidence already before the court and jury, and which had- been admitted without objection. But we see no grounds for objection against the usage offered to be proved, and the purpose for which it was so boffered, as connected with the very terms upon which the defendant was employed to perform the services. It was not for the purpose of establishing the right, but to show the measure; of compensation, and the manner m which it was to be paid. Mr Southard states that it was the understanding of the comnussioners that the defendant was to receive compensation, m the mode and according to the-practice of the government in other similar cases. And the usage offered to be shown was, that such compensation was made by allowing commissions on the disbursement of the money expended, and in this point of view it was entirely unexceptior able.
We are accordingly of opimon that the judgment must be affirmed.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcnpt of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the distnct of Columbia holden m and for the county of Washington, and was argued by counsel. on consideration whereof, it is ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said circuit court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed.

SUPREME COURT.
HYPPOLITUS JOSEPH. AUGUSTINE ESTHO ET AL. V. BENJAMIN L. LEAR, ADMINISTRATOR OF THADDEUS KOSCIUSZKO.
A case not being properly prepared m the circuit court for.a hearing, the decree was reversed,, and the cause remanded, with liberty to the plaintiff to amend his bill.
AN appeal from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington.
The case was argued by Mr Swann and Mr Sampson, for the appellants, and 'by Mr Wirt and Mr Dandridge, for the appellees.
Mr Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion of the Court.
The appellants had filed their bill in the'court of the United States for the county of Washington, alleging themselves to be the distributees and next of km ofThaddeus Kosciuszko, deceased, who departed this life intestate, as they allege, with respect to personal property in the United States. The bill charges that Thaddeus Kosciuszko, being about to leave America, deposited with Mr Jefferson a paper writing purporting to be a will which was executed in Virginia, and is in the followIng words
"I, Thadleus Kosciuszko, being just on my departure from Amenca, do hereby declare and direct, that, should I make no other testamentary disposition of my property in the United States, I hereby authorize my fnend Thomas Jefferson, to employ the whole thereof in purchasing negroes from among his own, or any others, and giving them liberty in my name, in giving them an education in trade or-otherwise, andin havIng them instructed for their new condition in the duties of morality, which may make them good neighbours, good fathers or mothers, husbands or -wives, in their duty as citizens, teaching them to be defenders of their liberty and' country, and of

JANUARY TERM 1833.
tEstho et al. v. Lear.]
the good order of society, and in whatsoever may make them. happy and useful, and I make the said Thomas Jefferson executor of tbis.
"T. Kosciuszo.
"5th May 17981' After the testator's death, Mr Jefferson proved the will in the county court of Albemarle, but renounced the executorship, Letters of administration have since been granted on it in the county of Washington in this district, to Benjamin L. Lear, who is in possession of the fund which is referred to in the paper writing. The plaintiffs contend that this paper writing is not a. will, or if a will, cannot have effect, the bequest contamed in it being one which the law will not sustain. They therefore contend that, this will being void and inoperative, they, as the next of kin, are entitled to this fund, there being no creditors to claim. The answer insists on the validity of the will, and that the defendant is ready to carry the trust into execution. Before the court can decide the intricate questions which grow out of this.will, we thik it necessary to possess some information which the record does not give. The domicil ofgeneral Kosdiuszko is not stated. He was a native of Poland, and died in Switzerland. Whether he was doniciliated in Switzerland or not does not appear. The law of domicil, with respect to wills in cases of testacy, or regtlating distribution in cases of intestacy, may be material. It also appears that the testator made a will in Europe. From the manner in which the subject is mentioned, we presume that this makes no disposition of his property in the United States, but, since we- are informed of its existence, it would be desirable to see it. We do not think the. case properly prepared for decision, and therefore direct that the decree be reversed and' the cause remanded, with liberty to the plaintiff to amend his bill.

292

SUPREME COURT

JOSEPH SHAW, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR V. JOSEPH COOPER.
ction for an alleged violation of a patent for an improvement in guns and
fire arms. he letters patent were obtained in 1822; and in 1829,the patentee having surrendered the same for an alleged defect in the specification, obtained another patent. This second patent is to be considered as having relationto the emanation of the patent of 1822; and not as having been issued on an original application. The holder of a defective patent may surrender, t to the department of state, and obtain a new one, wluch shall have relation to the emanation of
the first. The case of Grant and others v. Raymond, 6 Peters, 220, cited and affirmed. A second patent granted on the surrender of a prior one being a continua-
tion of the first, the rights of a patentee must be ascertained by the law under which the original application was made. By the provision.,of the act of congress of 17th April 1800, citizens and aliens, as to patent rights, are placed substantially upon the same ground. In either case, if the invention was known or used by the public before it was patented, the patent is.void. In both cases, the right must be tested by the same rule. What use by the public, before the application is made for a patent,.suall make void the right of a patentee. From an examination of the various provisions of the acts of congress relative to patents for useful inventions, it clearly appears that it was the intention of the legislature, by a compliance with the requisites of the law, to vest the exclusive right in the inventor only; and that, on condition that his invention was neither known nor used by the public, before his application for a patent. If such use or knowledge shall be proved to. have existed prior to the application for the patent, the act of 1793 declares tlie patent void; and the right of an alien is vacated in the same manner, by proving a foreign use or knowledlge of us invention. That knowledge or use which would be fatal to the patent right of a citizen,
would be equally so to the right of an alien. The knowledge or use spoken of in the act of congress of 1793, could have
referred to the public only; for the pr.jvision would be nugatory if it were applied to the inventor himself. He must necessarily-have a perfect knowledge of the thing invented, and of its use, before he can describe it, as by law he is required to do preparatory to the emanation ofa patent. There may be cases in which aknowledge of the invention may be surreptitiously obtained and communicated to the public, that do not affect the right of the inventor. Under such circumstances, no presumption can arise in favour of an abandonment of the right to the public by the inventor: though an acquiescence on his part will lay the foundation for

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Shaw v. Cooper.1
such a presumption. It is undoubtedly just that every discoverer should realize the benefits resulting from his discovery, for the period contemplated by law. But those can only bd reserved by a substantial compliance with every legal requisite. This exclusive right does not rest alone on his discovery, but also uponitle legal sanctions Minch.have been given to it, and the forms of law with which it has been clothed. No matter by what means an invention may have been communicated to the public before a patent is obtained, any acquiescence in the public use by the inventor will be an abandonment of the right. If the,right were asserted by him who fraudulently obtained it, perhaps no lapse of time could give it validity. But the public stand in-an entirely different relation to the inventor. His right would be secured by giving public notice that he was the inventor of the thing used, and that he should apply for a patent. The acquiescence of an inventor in the public use of his invention, can in no case be presumed where he has no knowledge of such use. But this knowledge may be presumed from the circumstances of the case. This will in general be a fact for a jury and if the inventor do not, immediately after this notice, assert his right, it is such evidence of acquiescenco in the public use, as forever afterwards to prevent him from asserting it. After his right shall be perfected by a patent, no p resumption arises against it from a subsequent use by the public. A strict construction of the act of congress, as it regards the public ute of .an invention before it is patented, is not only required by its letter and spirit, but also by sound policy. The question of abandonment to the public, does not depend on theinten·tion of the inventor. Whatever may be the intention, if he suffers his invention to go into public use, through any means whatsoever,.without an immediate assertion of his right, lie is not entitled to a patent, nor will a patent obtained under suchcircumstances protect his right.
IN error to the circuit court of the United States for the southern district of New York.
At the October term 1829 of the circuit court for the southern district of New York, the plaintiff in error, Joseph Shaw, instituted an action against the defendant, Joseph Cooper, for an alleged violation of a patent granted to him by the United States, dated the 7th of MAy 1829, for "a new and useful improvement in guns and fire aims, which improvement consisted in a priming head and case applied to qrms aad"fire arms, for. the purpose of priming and giVing them fire by themeans or use of percusion, fulminating or detonating powder; by which patent the plaintiff alleged that there was granted to
him, &c. for the term of fourteen years from Ihe 19th of June-

SUPREME COURT.
[Shaw v. Cooper.]
1822, the exclusive right to the said invention, and by virtue of which he became entitled to the same for the residue of the term unexpired on the 7th day of May 1829. The declarationS averred that the defendant had violated the patent right of the plamtiff, .on the 1st day of August 1829; and afterwards between that day and the institution of the suit.
The defendant pleaded not guilty, and gave the following
notice of the matters of defence. "Please to take notice, that on the trial of the above cause,
-the above named Joseph' Cooper will, under the plea of he general issue aforesaid, insist upon, and give in evidence, that the pretended new and useful improvement in guns and fire arms, mentioned and referred to in the several counts of the said Joshua Shaw's declaration, was not oiiginally discovered or invented by the said Joshua Shaw; also, that the said pretended new and useful improvement, or the material or essential parts or porions thereof, or some or one of them, -had been known and used in tis country, viz. in the city of New York, and in the city of Philadelphia, and in sundry other places in the United States, and in England, and in France, and in other foreign countries, before the said Joshua Shaw's application for a patent, as set forth in his said. declaration, and also, before the alleged invention or supposed discovery thereof by the said Joshua Shaw.
"And further, that the said alleged new and useful improvement, or the material or essential parts or portions thereof, or some or one of them, or the principle thereof, was the invention or discovery of a gun maker, or of some other person', residing in England. And further, that the said patent was void, because in and by the specification or description therein referred to, no distinction or discrimination is made between the parts and portions previously known and used as aforesaid, ana any parts or portions of which the said Joshua Shaw may be ihe inventor or discoverer" the said Joseph Cooper at the same time protesting that lie, the said Joshua Shaw, has not been the inventor or discoverer of any part or portion of the said alleged
improvement. "And further, that the said patent is void, because the said
specification or description does not describe-the improvement

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Shaw v. Cooper.]
of which the said Joshua Shaw claims td be the inventor or discoverer, in such full, clear, and exact terms, as to distinguish the same from all other things before known.4, nor so as to enable a person skilled in the art or science of which it is a branch, or with which it is most nearly connected, to make and use the same. And further, that the said patent is void, because, it was not granted,.issued pr obtained, according tolaw. And further, that the said patent is void, because itwas surreptitiously obtained by the said Joshua, Shaw.!
"The cause was tried in January 1832, and a verdict and judgment given for the defendant. The plaintiff prosecuted this writ of en'or.
The following bill of exceptions was tendered by the counsel for the plaintifi and sealed by thi court.
"The plaintiff, to maintain the issue on his grant; gave in evidence the letters patent of the United States of America, as set forth in the declaration of the said plaintiff, issued on the 7th day of May 1829; and also that the improvement for which the said letters patent were granted, was. invented or discovered by the said plaintiff in the year 1813 or 1814, and that the defendant had sold instruments which were infnngements of the said letters patent. And thereupon the said defendant, to maintain the said issue above joined on his.part, then and there proved by the testimony of one witness, that he had used the said improvement in England, and had purchased a gun of the kind there, and had seen others use the said improvement, and had seen guns of the kind in the duke of York's armoury in 1819 and also proved -bythe testimony of five other witnesses, that, in 1820 and 1821, they worked in England at the business of making and repairing guns, and that the said improvement was generally used m England'in those years, but that they never had seen: guns of the kind prior to those years and also proved that, in 1821, it was known and used in France, and also that the said improvement was generally known and used in the United States of America after the 19th day of June 1822. Whereupon the maid plaintiff, 'further to mamtaih the said' issue on 'is part, then and there gave in evidence, .that the said plaintiff not being a worker in iron in 1813 or1814, employed his brother,

SUPREME COURT.
[Shaw v. Cooper.]
in England, under strict injuinctions of secrecy, to execute or fabricate the said improvement for the purpose of the said plaintiff's making experiments. And that the said plintift; afterwards, in 1817, left England, and came to reside m the United States of America, and that, after the departure of thQ said plaintiff from England, viz. m 1817 or'1818, his said brother divulged the said secret for a certain reward to an emient gun maker in London that the said plaintiff, on his arrival in this country, in 1817, disclosed his said improvement to a gun maker, whom lie consulted as to obtaining a patent forthe same, and whom.he wished to engage to join and assist him. That the plaintiff made said disclosures under injunctions of secrecy, claiming the improvement as his own, and declaring that he should patent it. That the said plaintiff treated his invention as a secret after his arrival m this country, often declaring that lie should patent it, and that he assigned as a reason for delaying to patent it, that it was not so perfect as he wished to make it before he introduced it into public use: and that he did make alterations in his invention up to about the dateof his patent, which some witnesses considered as improvements, -and others did not. That, m this country, the said invention was never known nor used prior to the said 19th day of June 1822 that, on that day, letters patent were issued to the said plaintiff, being then an alien, for his said invention, and that the said plaintiff immediately brought the said invention into public use under the said letters patent. That afterwards, and after suits had been brought for violation of the said letters patent, the said plaintiff was advised to surrender them on account of the specification being defective, and that he did accordingly, on the 7th day of May 1829, surrender the same into the department of the secretary of state of the United States of America, and that, thereupon, the letters patent first. above mentioned were issued to the said plaintiff. And the said plaintiff also gave in evidence that, prior the said 19th day of June 1822, the principal importers of guns from Englaind, in New York and Philadelphia, at the latter ofwhw~h cities the plaintiff resided, had never heard any thing.of the said-invention, or that the same was known or -used in England, and that na guns of the kind were imported

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Shaw v. Cooper.]
into this country until in the years 1824 or 1825. And that letters patent were granted in England on the I 1th day of April 1807, to one Alexander J. Forsyth, for a method of discharging or giving fire to artillery, and all other fire arms; which method he describes in his specification as consisting in ' the use or application as a priming, in any mode, of some or one of those chemical compounds which are so easily inflammable as to.be capable of taking fire and exploding without any actual fire being applied thereto, and merely by a blow, or by any sudden or strong pressure or frict'on given or applied thereto, without extraordinary violence, tht is to say, some one of the compounds of combustible matter, such as sulphur or sulphur and charcoal, with an oxmunatic salt, for example, the salt formed of dephlogisticated marine acid and potash (or potasse), which salt is otherwise called oxmuriate of potash, or such of the fulminating metallic compounds as may be used with safety, for example, fulminating mercury, or of common gunpowder, mixed in due quantity with any of the above mentioned substances, or with any oxmunatic salt as aforesaid, or of suitable mixtures of any of the before mentioned compounds;' and that the said letters patent continued in force for the period of fourteen years from and after granting of the same. (It is understood that the patent and specification of Forsyth, may be at any time referred to on the arguinent for correction or explanation of the bill of exceptions.) And thereupon the defendant, further to maintain the said issue on his part, gave in evidence a certain letter from the plaintiff to the defendant, dated in December 1824, from which the following is an extract 'some time since I stated that I had employed counsel respecting regular prosecutions for any trespasses against my rights to th&patent I have at length obtained the opinions of Mr Sergeant of this city, together with others eminent in law, and that is, that I ought (with a view to insure success) to visit England, and procure the affidavits of Manton and others to whom I made my invention known, and also of the person whom I employed to make the lock at the time of invention, for it appears very essential that I should also prove that I did -actually redude the principle to practice, otherwise a verdict might be doubtful. It is therefore my intention to visit
VOL. VII.-2 N

SUPREME COURT.
[Shaw v. Cooper.]
England in May next for this purpose, in the mean tume, proceedings which have commenced here are suspended for the necessary time.'
"And the said judges of the said court did thereupon charge and direct the said jury,, that the patent of the 7th day of May 1829, having been issued, as appeared by its recital on the surrender and concealment of the patent of the 19th day of June 1822; and being intended to correct a nustake or remedy a defect in the latter, it must'be considered as a continuation of the said patent, and the rights of the plaintiff were to be aetermined by the state of things which existed in 1822, when the patent was obtained.
"That the plaintiff's case therefore came under the actpassed the 17th day of April 1800, extending the right of obtaining patents to aliens, by the first section of which, the applicant is required to make oath that his invention has not, to the best of his knowledge or belief, been known or used in this or any foreign country. That the plaintiff most -probably did not knowv, in 1822, that the invention for which he was taking out a patent, had, before that time, been in use in a foreign country; but that his knowledge or ignorance on that subject was rendered immaterial by the concluding part of the section, which expressly declares, that every patent obtained pursuant to that act, for any invention which it should afterwards appear had been known or used previous to such application for a patent, should be utterly void. That there was nothing in the act confining such use to the United States, and that, if the invention was previously known in England or France, it was sutlcient to avoid the patent under that act. That the evidence would lead to the conclusion that the plaintiff was the inventor in this case, but the court were of opiaion that he had slept too long on is rights, and not followed them up as the law requires, to entitle him to any benefit from his patent. That the use of the invention, by a person who had pirated % or by others who knew of the piracy, would not affect the inventor's rights, but that the law was made for the benefit of the pilblic as well 'sof the inventor:- and'if,'as appeared from the evidence'in this case, the piblio h&Afirlybecome possessed of the invention before plaintiff applied for his patent, it was

JANUARY TERM 1833
[Shaw v. Cooper.I
sufficient, in the opinion of the court, to invalidate his patent, even though the inventionmay have originally got into public use through the fraud or misconduct of his brother, to whom he entrusted the knowledee of it."
The case was submitted to the court, on printed arguments, by Mr Paine, for the- plaintiff in error; and Mr Emmet, for the defendant.
For the plaintiff in error it was contended, that the case fell within the principles whi -hhad been uniformly acknowledged and supported in the circuit court of the Uited States, and which were not intended to be disavowed, but sanctioned by this court in Pennock v. Dialogue, 2 Peters, 1.
In this countty many strong pases of public use, prior to the application for a patent, have been brought before the courts, where the public had been long m possession; and the courts have allowed the inventor to show in different ways, that he had not thereby abandoned his use to the public. How much more favourable to us are the circumstances of our case, as respects a pnor'use. Before we took out our first patent, the invention had never been seen nor heard of in this country. It was not then known to ourselves, nor to any others in this country, that it had been used in England, and it had been so used only one or two years-a short period, compared witil the many cases which have been sustained -by the courts. Even if this use had been an American use, it would not have been an extraordinary one. But it was not an American, but a foreign use, and, therefore,, not a use by the. public,.who contest our exclusive right, by saying that they had become the innocent possessors of our invention. Not one of that public had gotten possession of it.
The case does not seem to be fairly stated, when it is said that, although the invention was disclosed by piracy, yet the public have innocently got possession of it by that means. The only public who can set up the innocence of their possession as against us, did not get their possession by the piracy, but under the invalid patent. And if this be-so, what difference -doesit make that afterwards guns were brougl4 from Englandl

SUPREME COURT.
[Shaw v. Cooper.]
Does such a circumstance bear, can it be made to bear at all upon the merits of the case
The parts of the charge to the jury of the circuit court which are objected to, as understood by the counsel for the plaintiff, may be stated thus
That the use of the mnvention abroad, acquired through a fraudulent or piratical disclosure of the secret, for a period of only one or two years before the application for the patent, and that use entirely unknown to the inventor here, avoids the patent, because it was obtained under the alien act.
That our patent of 1829, obtained under the citizen's act, is, m respect to the prior foreign use, to be construed as if obtained under the alien act, because it was obtained on the surrender of the patent of 1822, which was obtained under the alien act, the one being only a continuation of the other.
That the inventor'(the court are understood to have been speaking, m this part of the charge, without reference to the question as to whether the patent was obtained under the alien or citizen's act, but to have designed their remarks to apply to patents generally,) had slept too long on his nghts, and not followed them up as the law requires, to entitle him to any benefit from his patent; that the use of the invention, by a person who had pirated it, or by others who knew of the piracy, would not affect the inventor's right, but that the law was made for the benefit of the public, as well as of the inventor; and if, as appeared from the evidence in tins case, the public had fairly become possessed of the invention before the plaintiff applied for his patent, it was sufficient to invalidate his patent, even though the invention may have originally got into public use through the fraud or misconduct of his brother, to whom he intrusted the knowledge of it.
The following points compiehend these objections to the charge of the court.
1. The second patent is original and independent, and not a continuation of the first patent.
When patents are surrendered and cancelled in England, they are entirely vacated and gone, and as if they had never existed, and the king can grant out the right, de novo, either to the same, or to any other person. 17 Tin. Abndg. 1 14,

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Shaw.v. Cooper.]
Prerogative of the Kig,R. b. paragraph. 9, 17 Vin. .Abndg. 151, Prerogative, &c. M. C. paragraph 2, 3, 4, 6, 10, 14. Godson on Pat. 200; Com. Dig. ' Patent,' G.
If this is the effect of a surrender there, it must be the same here.
Not a dictum can be found in the English books, that a second patent is a continuation of the first. No such idea can be found in our own b6oks, although cases of surrender have come before our courts.
The right of an inventor to surrender an invalid patent, and take out a new one, being admitted, it follows, that ifb,etween the two patents, he has been naturalized, he must, of necessity, take out a patent under the citizen's act, because he is no longer an alien. If he, rightfilly, takes a patent under the cifizen's act, he is entitled to all the advantages that act confers; and among them, to have his patent construed and adjudicated upon, under the provisions of that act and of no other.
2. A fraudulent or piratical use of the invention, either at hdme or abroad, before the application for a patent, cannot have any other or greater effect to invalidate a patent obtained under the alien act, than one obtained under the citizen's act.
On general principles it cannot, for, as to all kinds of property, no one can acquire a right to it except by the consent of the owner. Theft or fraud can never enable one who gets possession by those means to transfer the property See authorities cited under next point.
It is on this principle that the courts first began to construe the citizen's act, by arraying the sixth section against the first. They said the legislature meant to provide by the sixth section for the exception of cases of fraud, &c., out of the too rigid and literal operation of the~first section. Afterwards, the courts took a more liberal view of the act, and held that, even without the sixth section, the legislative intention to except such cases from the first section would be presumed: and this is the doctrine finally settled in Pgnnock v. Dialogue.
The construction given by this court in the case ef Pennock v. Dialogue, 2 Peters, 22, is entirely'in favour of the plaiatiff in error.
The court there say, in that case, "the act of ,17th April

-SUPREME COURT.
[Shaw v. Cooper.]
1800, ch. 25, which extends the privileges of the act of 1793 to inventors who are aliens, contains a proviso, declaring that I every patent which shall be obtained pursuant to the act, for any invention, art or discovery, which it shall afterwards appear had been known or used previous to such application tor a patent, shall be void.' This.proviso certainly certifies the construction of the act of 1793, already asserted, for there is not any reason to suppose that the legislature intended to confer on aliens privileges essentially different from those belonging to citizens: on the contrary, the enacting clause of the act of 1800 purports to put both on the same footing, and the proviso seems added as a gloss, or explanation of the original act."
Now the proviso is the only thing m the alien act which can make it at all different in this particular from the citizen's act, and the courts say that it does not make any. difference, but merely expresses more fully what was the meaning of the citizen's act.
3. If an invention has been pirated or fraudailently divuiged, the inventor cannot thereby lose his right to is own invention and lfroperty; and it makes no difference that the public have acquired the use of the invention without any participation in the fraud, unless the inventor has acquiesced in such use, the only principle to be" found in the American decisions on this subject being, that a public use does i pt affect the inventor's right, unless it proves that he has dedicated or abandoned his invention to the public. And in this case there is no evidence of such delay or neglect as would amount to an abandonment, nor of any intention to dedicate, the invention to the public.
It is a general principle as to all kinds of personal property, that even a bona fide purchaser for a valuable consideration can never acquire property of which another has been deprived by fraud, theft or violence, or even by a bailment. 1 Wils. Rep. 8, 2 Str. Rep. 1187, 3 Atk. Rep. 44-; Salk. Rep. 283.
In this respect, no difference has ever yet Keen made between a man's property in his inventions, and his other property; and there seems to be no reason or principle making a distinction.
The statute of Massachusetts securing copyrights (before the federal union) begins with a preamble declaring that "no

JANUARY TERM 1833.
(Shaw v. Cooper.]
property is more peculiarly a man's own, than that which is produced by the labour of his mind." Cited, 1 Dane's Abrndg. 527.
In Miller v. Taylor, 4 Burr. 2303, seven judges against four held that at common law the author of a literary composition did -not lose his right by publishing it.
So far, then, as the natural rights of men to this spe6ies of property, (copyright) independently of statutory provisions, are in question, they retain all their rights to such property, notwithstanding the public have iimocently got possession of it, and evenwith the author's consent, and there surely can be no difference, when we go back to natural rights at common law, whether the property is the subject of a copyright or of a ,patent, whether it be a book or a machine: the public, having got the use or possession, must have as much right to make copies of the book as of the machine, both are the produce of the mind. This view is taken merely to show that this species of property has been treated as subject to the same rules of law as other kinds of property, i. e. except so far as the statute makes a difference. .Nowit is admitted, that under -thestatute, neither the pirate, nor any one participating in his piracy, can acquire any rights against the inventor. And why" Because the same rules of justice which apply to all other kinds of property, are applied by the courts to this, as being the intention of the statute, although against its letter. But why stop at the pirate, and say that you will not extend the rule to the public, when they have. innocently got the possession? Do you stop thus as to other kinds of propertyl No. You say, no one, however innocent of the fraud, can become the lawful proprietor. Why, then, not carry the principle to its full extentQ How can it be inferred that the statute intends to go a part of the way of a general principle, and there stopQ The principle is a rule drawn by analogy from other kinds of property, on the ground that, the analogy being general, the rule should be so too. But the analogy is also complete between this and other kinds of -property, and the rule ought therefore to be complete, and applied in its full extent.
But there is even a stronger reason why this principle of law should be applied to this species of property in its full extent,

SUPREME COURT.
[Shaw v. Cooper.]
rather than to the case of a bona fide purchaser of any other kind. There he has paid a consideration, an equivalent. It is a hard case, one of two innocent persons must suffer. Not so here. What does the public lose 2 That which has cost it nothing; for which it has given no equivalent: and all we seek of -hem is the consideration, the eqiuvalent, which they have never yet paid to any one.
But if we examine the American cases on this subject prior to Pennock v. Dialogue, we shall find that the principle has 'always been applied to inventions, in its full extent.
The counsel then proceeded to examine the following cases, and argued that they fully sustained the principles claimed for the plaintiff in error. Whettemore v. Cutter, 1 Gall. 482; Goodyear v. Mathews, 1 Paine's Rep. 301, Morris v. Huntington,. 1 Paine -354', Mellers.v. Silsbee, 4 Mason's Rep. 108; Treadwell v. Bladen, 4 Wash. C. C. R. 703.
The bill of exceptions. says, "that the plaintiff assigned as a reason for delaying to patent it (the invention), that it was not so perfect as he wished to make it before he introduced it to public use, and that he did make alterations in his invention up to about the date of his patent4 which some witnesses considered as improvements, and others did not."
This was sulffcient to account for the delay, and it is ummportant whether the alterations were improvements or not, for he was trying to make them, and said that was his motive for the delay, and the motive for the delay is the only question, 1 Paine's Rep. 354.
The patent granted to Forsyth, in England, which gave him the exclusive right to use the percussion powders in any mode down to April 1821, accounts for our not taking out a patent in England.
Finally, the counsel for the plaintiff in error contended. 1. That if the rights of the patentee were the same as under anordinary citizen _patent, then he had never dedicated or abandoned his invention to the public; and that there has been no'use of it which invalidates his patent. 2. That his rights are the same as those under an ordinary citizen's patent, the patent having been granted under the citizen's act, and not being affected by the previous vacated patent.

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Shaw v. Cooper.]
S. That oven if he is to be considered as having a patent under the alieu act, his rights, under the circumstances of this case, are the same as if it was a citizen's patent.
In conclusion, he remarked, that the jury found their verdict entirely under the charge of the court, considering that the charge, as to-the points of law, precluded them from finding a verdict for, the plaintiff; however well they might be satisfied upon every matter of fact. It was believed the jury, as well as-the court, were entirely satisfied that the plaintiff was the'inventor, and that his invention had. been used without his knowledge or suspicion, and that he had never disclosed it, except in confidence, and under the strictest mjunctions of secrecy.
The letter from plaintiff to defendant should not have been put in the bill of exceptions, because it only presented questions of fact purely, not affecting any of the points of la on winch the court charged the jury. This court will not regard a mere isolated fact, when it is apparent" that all the facts of the case are not given, but only such as are essential to show how the jury were chatged as to the law It is impossible for this court to say how the jury would have fourld upon the whole evidence. It is stifficient to add, thal the meaning of thiat letter was satisfactorily explained to the jury by the plaintill's counsel. It was explained, that the knowledge of his inyention, lnch the plaintiff in that letter says he commumcated to "Manton and others," was simply the knowledge of the fact, that he had made an important invention, without disclosing what it was. On any other supposition, this letter was contradicted by all, the rest of the evidence m the case, and the uniform conduct of.the plaintiff.
Mr Emmtt, for the defendant in error. The bill of exceptions in this cause, discloses in substance the following case-: In 1813 or 1814, the plaintiff, residing.in England, invented what he claims to -be .ecured-to him by his patent. Between that time and his coming to the United States, he made Ins invention known to his brother, also to Mr Manton, a gun-maker in London, aid others-as is shown by his letter to defendant.
VOL. VII.--2 0

SUPREME COURT.
[Shaw v. Cooper.]
In 1817 the plaintiff came to the United States, and shortly dfterwards disclosel his secret to a gunmaker in F'hikdelphia.
'In 1817 or 1818, plaintiff's brother sold thegecrer& to a gunmaker in London.
In 1819, the invention was sold and used in England. In 1820 or 1821, it was in general use by the public there.
In 1821, it was in general use in France. In 1822, (19th June), plaintiff took out his first V.Lrent a- an alien, under the act of 1800. In 1829, (7th May), he surrendered that patent as defective, and took out a new one with an amended specification, as a citizen, under the act of 1793, upon which patent ns suit is brought. The case also sets forth, that in April 1807, a patent had been granted in England to one Forsyth, for an invention on the same subject, and that such patent continued in force for fourteen years; or until April 1831., This was offered bytbe plaintiff, and made a part of the case, for the purpose, doubtless, of accounting for -his not having taken out a patent for his mv.ention in England previous to 1817, the terms of Forsyth's patent being, as he supposed, sufficiently- cbmprehensive to embrace his discovery, and to tie up his hands duning its continuance. From these facts, it would at least appear that the public hua somewhere become fully possessed of the use of the invention, and that they had enjoyed such use for not less than about two"years before the plaintiff took any teps to obtain his first patent. Without stopping now to inquire what should be considered as the public in respect to a case of this kind, let us examine how far the acts of the plaintiff himself have precluded him from ever controverting the right of that public to the use of the thing in question. The principle upon which prevwus public vse of-an invention invlsidates a patent, undoubtedly is, that the inventor can no longer give airy ebnszdv0i6n or equivalent for the exclusive privilege dauned by him, and the law, to sustain a principle so necessary and juet in itself, presumes an abandonment by.the inventor. Tiis abandonment niay be either adual. as by

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Shaw v. Cooper.]
voluntary dedication,or consructive, as by negligence or unreaso. able delay. Paijie's Rep. 300.
In the present case, can it be pretended that there was neither negligence, nor unreasonabledelay? The plaintiff would have it appear, that up to 1822 he was maturing his invention, and yet what he then took out a patent for, was the very thing, and no improvement upon that, which for two or three years previous had been generally known and used in England and France. But. admitting. this explanation to stand for what it is worth,'how does it tally with his other ground of excuse. He says 1orsyth's patent restrained him, in England. Be it so--and what is the fair mferencel Why, that if it -had not been for Forsyth's patent, he would have applied there for one before'1817, and if-he would, his invention was matured'before he came to the United States; and. nothing but his alienism stood in'the way of his.applying for a patent immediately after his amval. Being an alien, the law required him to delay two years. -In 1819, therefore, he might and ought to havetaken out his patent; and if he had done so, he would have anticipaied the public use of the invention in Englandand France. But he, delayed until 1822, a-period of three years. His own story shows that such delay was 'without sufficient cause. It was, therefore, unreasonable, and the law in protection of the right acquired in the mean time by theopublic, 'construes his acts into an abandonment.
It -would appear that, even to the mind of the plaintiff's counsel, this view of the case is conclusive, unless the fact of the inventiorn having got into public use before the first patent was taken out, can be shaken, for they say, that the use, in this ease, was not an .fmercan, but a foreign use, and therefore not a use by the lublic, who contest their exclusive right. This distinction is directly opposed to the'act of 1800, Which uses the language " known or used, in this or any foreign country:" and it is equally opposed to the intent and meaning of the act of 1793. We are perfectly willing to admit that..M this respcct, the construction of both acts should be the same; and that the proviso at the end o the first-section of the act.of 1800 applies to every patent, whether obtained'under that act or the act of 1798. In tie words of Mr Justice Story, the act of

SUPREME COURT
[Shaw v. Cooper.]
1800 affords, in this respect, a gloss or explanation of the original act. Pennock v. Dialogue, 2 Petmes S. C. Rep. 22. This only tends to show, that if the plaintiff had been a citizen m 1822, and had-taken out his first patent under the act of 1793, his case would have been just as objectionable as it is now. But where do the plaintiff's counsel -find any law for such a distinction between American and foreign public use, or how could it be sustained on prmciplel If dhe doctrine be a sounild one, it would go to this extent-I dedicate my invention to the public in Europe, the European public being thus legally possessed of it, the article is manufactured and exported in large quantities; I immediately come over here, take out a patent, and prevent the use of the article in the United States, thereby prohibiting the European public fiom engaging in a traffic or commerce which was an immediate incident to my own grant or dedication to them.
The impolicy of recognizing such a distinction,would afford a sufficient argument against it, even if the terms of the statute were not explicit, and -if nothing had ever fallen from the bench to give a construction to the expression "public use." But there is positive and high authority on this subject. Lord Chief Justice Gibbs says, "to entitle a man to a patebat, the invention must be new to the world." 1 Holt N. P Rep. 58. And'such, we-submit, is the settled law on this point.
It wouldseem to be of little importance in this cause to discuss the.plaintiff's position "that the second patent is original and independent, and not a continuation: of the first patent;" because the only object of disconnecting the two patents in this case, -vouldbe to rescue ihe second patent from the operation of the act of 1800, under which the first patent was taken, (the judge having charged the jury that the act of 1800 was sufficient to control the case). Now, we not only admit that the act of 1793 should receive a similar construction with that of 1800, as to premous knowledge or.use of an invention, but the plaintiff's counsel labour to establish this very ground. Their position, however, is not a correct one. The object of canceling a first patent, and taking out a second, is not to take a fresh start for the term of years during which the law allows th3 exclusive right to be conferred. It is to enable the inventor

JANUARY TERM 1833.
(Shaw v. Cooper.]
to enjoy, for the remander of that term, the privilege winch was ortginally zntended to be granted. And in tins view, even if the construction of the two acts was different, we apprehend that the judge laid down the law correctly, viz. that the plaintiffs rights depended upon the state of things in 1822, and upon the act of 1800.
It is only necessary to follow the plaintiff's argument on ins third point, to perceive the impediment winch the first section of the act of 1800, taken either in reference to that act only, or as explanatory of the act of 1793, offers to his case. To get rid of tns difficulty, it is in substance contended by ins counsel, that the legislature did not mean what they have said m this section, when certain cases came to be considered, and that tie positive and unequivocal language used by them is, in tins respect, unimportant. Now, the very fact that this section was intended. to be declaratoryof the law n all cases, whether arising under that, or the former act of 1793, shows that the explicit language used, was considered to- be all-
important by the legislature; and it certainly was not contemplated that tins explicit language should be frittered away to suit particular cases.
If the facts of tins case, as we have endeavoured to show, make out n.gligence or unreasonable delay on the part of the plaintiff in taking out his patent and that-such negligence or unreasonable delay amounts in Im to an abandonment; the case is disposed of. We contend also that the delay was not accounted for; the alleged reason for it being virtually contradicted by the testimony offered'to make out ins case,; and further, that the finding of the jury is coiclusive as to this point.
The intent of the delay of the patent, and whether the allowing the invention to be used without a patent, should not be considered. an abandonment, or a present of it to the public, are questions for the jury. Mors v. Huntington, Paine's Rep. 22.
The principles which we contend for, being recogiized in many. of the cases cited on the part of the plaintiff, (particularly the case of Pennock v. Dialogue), it has been deemed unnecessary to refer to those cases more particulhrly. If the

SUPREME COURT.
[Shaw v. Cooper.)
charge of the judge was not etroneous as to the law, there can be no grounal for.granting a'new trial.
Mr Justice M'Luw delivered the opinion of the Court. This writ of error brings before tins court, for its revision, a judgment of the- circuit court of the United States for the southern -district of New York. An action was brought in the circuit court by Shaw against the defendant Cooper, for the violation of a certain patent right, claimed by the plaintiff. The defendant pleaded the general issue, and, gave notice that on the trial ha would prove "that the pretended new and u~pful improvement in guns and fire arms, mentioned and referred to in the several counts in the declaration, also that the said pretended new and useful improvement, or the esseAtial. parts or portions thereof, or some or one of thepn, had been known and used in this country, vi2. in the city of New York and in, the city of .Philadelphia, and in sundry other places m the United States, and in England, in France, and in other foreign countries, before the plaintiff's application for a patent as set forth in his deolaration," &c. On the trial, the following bill. of exceptions was -taken "to maitain the issue joined, the plaintiff gave in evience certam letters patent of the United States, as set forth in the .declaration, issued on the 7th day of May 1829; and also that the improvement for which the letters were granted, was invented or discovered by the plaintiff in 1813 or 1814;-and that the defendant had sold instruments which -were infringements of-the said letters patent. "1And the defendant then proved, by the testimony of one witness, that he had used the said improvement in England, .and had purchased a -gun of the kind there, and had seen others use the said improvement, and had seen guns of the kind in the duke of York's anoury in 1819. Anna also proved by the testimonyof five other witnesses, that, in 1820 and 1821. they worked in England at the business of making and repairing guns, and-that the "said improvement was generally used in England in. those years; but that they had never seen guns

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Shaw-v. Cooper.]
of the kind prior to ihose years and also proved that in the year 1821, it was used and known in France, and also tht the said improvement was generally known and used 'in the United States after the 19th day of June.1822.
"IAnd the plaintiff further to maintain the issue on is part, then gave m evidence, that he not being a worker in iron in 1813 or 1814, employed his brother in Efigland, under strict ,njunctions of secrecy, -to execute or fabricate the said improvement for the purpose of making.experiments. And that the plaintiff afterwards, in 1817,-left England and came to reside in the United States; and that after his departure from England, m 1817 or 1818, his said brother divulged the secret for a certain reward to an eminent gun maker'in-London. That on the arrival of the plaintiff in this country, in 1817, he disclosed his said improvement to a -gun maker, whom he consulted as to obtaining a patent for the same and whom he wished to engage to join and assist him. That the plaintiff made this disclosure under.rnjunctions of secrecy, claiming the improvement as his own, declaring that he should patent it. That the plaintiff treated his invention as a secret after his arrval in this country, often declaring that he should patent it, and that this step was only delayed, that he.might make it more perfect before it was introduced into public use and that he did make alterations which some witnesses considered improvements in his invention, and others did not. That in this countrythe invention was neverknown nor used prior to the said 19th day ofJune 1822,; that on that day letters patentwere issued to the.plaintiff, being then an alien, and that he imnediately brought his invention into public use. That afterwards, and after suits had been brought for a violation of-the said letters patent, the plaintiff was adVised to surrender them on account of the specification being defedtive, and that'he did accordifigly, on the 7th day-of May in the year 1829, surrender the same into the department of the secretary of state, and eceived the letters patent first above named.
"1Aid the plaintiff also gave in evidence, that pfior to the 19tth day of Jume 1822, the principal importers of guns from England'in New York and Philadelphia, at the latter of which cities the plaintiff resided, had never heard any thing of the;

SUPREME COURT.
[Shaw v. cooper.]
said invention, or that the same was used or known in England, and that no guns of the .kind -were. imported into this country, until in the years 1824 or 1825. And that letters patent were granted in England on the 11th day of April 1807, to one Alexander J. Forsyth, for a method of discharging or giving fire to artillery and all other fire arms, which method he describes 'in his specification as consisting in the Iuse or application as a priming, in any mode, of some or ope of those chemical compounds which are so easily inflammable as to be capable of taking fire and exploding without any actual fire being applied thereto,, and merely by a blow, or by any sudden or strong pressure or friction given or applied thereto, without -extraordinary violence, that is to say, some one of the compounds of combustible matter, such as sulphur or sulphur and charcoal, with an oxmunatic salt, for example, the salt formed of dephlogisticated marine acid and potash (or potasse), which salt is otherwise called oxinunate of potash, or such of the fulminating metallic compounds as may be used with safety, for example, fulminating mercury, or of common gunpowder-mixed in due quantity with any of the above mentioned substances, or with any oxinunatic salt;.as aforesaid, or of suitable mixtures of any of the before mentioned compounds;' and that the said letters patent continued in force for the penod of fourteen years from the time of granting the same."
And the defendant, further to mintain the issue on his put, gave in evidence a certain letter,from the plaintiff to the defendant, dated in December in the year 1824, from which the followingis an extract: "some time since I stated that I had employed counsel respecting regular prosecutions for any trespass against my rights to the patent, I have at length obtained the opinion of Mr Sergeant of this city, together with others eminent in the law, and that is, that I ought (with a view to insure success) to visit England, and procure the affidavits of Manton and others, to whom I made my invention known, and also of the person whom I employed to make the lock at the time of invention, for it appears very essential that I should prove that I did actually reduce the principle to practice, otherwise a verdict might be doubtful. It is, therefore, my intention to visit England in May next for this purpose, in the mean time

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Siaw v. Cooper.]
proceedings which have commenced here are suspended for the necessary time:"
And the court, on.these facts, charged the jury that the patent of the 7th of May 1829, having been issued, as appears by.its recital, on the surrender and cancelment of the patent. of the 19th day of June in the year 1822, and being intended to correct a mistake or remedy a defect in the latter, it must be considered as a continuation of the said patent, and the rights of the plaintiff weie to be determined by the state 6f thinga which existed in the year 1822, when the patent was first obtained..
That the plaintiffs case, therefore, came under the act passed the 17th day of April 1800, extending the right of obtaming patents to aliens, by the first section of which the applicaut is required- to make oath, that his invention has not, to the best of his knowledge or belief, been known or used in this or any foreign country. That the plaintiff most probably did not know, in the year 1822, that the invention for which he was taking out a patent, had, before that time, been in use in,a foreign country, but that his knowledge or ignorance on that subject was rendered immaterial by the concluding part of the section, which expressly declares, that every patent obtained pursdant to that act, for any invention which it should afterward appear had been known or used previous to such application for a patent, should be utterly void. That there was nothing in the act confinng such use to the United States, and that, if the invention was previously known in England or France, it was sufficient to avoid the patent under that act. That the evidence would lead to the conclusion that the plaintiff was the inventor in this case, but the court were of opinion that he had slept too long on his rights, and not followed them up as the law requires, to entitle him to any benefit from his patent. That the use of the invention, by a person who had pirated it, or by others who knew of the piracy, would not affect the inventor's rights, but that the law was made for -thebenefit of the public as well as of the inventor, and if, as appears from the evidence in this casey the public had fairly become pos- sessed of the invention before the plaintiff applied for his patent, it was sufficient, in the opinion of the court, to invalidate the
VOL. VII.-2 P

SUPREME COURT.
[Shaw.v. Cooper.]
patent, even though the invention may have originally got into public use through the fraud or rmsconduct of his brother, to whom he entrusted the knowledge of it.
Under this charge the jury found a verdict for the defendant, on which a judgment was entered.
There is a general assignment of errors, which brings to the Zonsideration of the court the principles of law which aise out of the facts of the case, as stated in the bill of exceptions.
It may be proper, m the first place, to inquire whether the letters patent which were obtained in 1829, on a surrender of the first patent, have relation to the emanation of the patent in 1822, or sha'll be considered as having been issued on an onginal application.
On the part of the plaintiff it is contended, that "the second patent is original and independent, and not a continuation of the first patent." That in adopting the policy of giving, for a term of years, exclusive rights to inventbrs in this country, we adopted at the same- time the rules of the common law as ap"pliedto patents in England-, and that by the common law, a patent when, defective may be surrendered to the granting power, which vacates the right under it, and the king may grant the right de novo either -to the same or to any other person.
This being the effect of the surrender of a patent in England, it is insisted, that the same consequence should follow a surrender in this country On this subject it is said, that the decisions of the English courts are uniform, and that not even ,a dictum can be found, that a second patent is a continuation of the first.
Tfie counsel seems to consider this point of great importance, as the plaintiff was an alien when the first patent was obtained, but had become naturalized before the.date-of the second; and, consequently, that his rights under the second patent, cannot be governed by the law applicable to aliens. As the inuiry oii this head is, whether the second patent has relation to'the first, it is not necessary to look into the laws to ascertain' the respective rights of aliens and citizens on this subject. In regard to the right of'the patentee to surrender a defective pateftt, and take out a new one, there can be no difference between a citizen and an alien.

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Shaw v. Cooper.)
That. the holder of a defective patent may surrender it to the department of state, and obtain a new one, which shall have relation to the emanation of the first, was decided by this court at the last term in the case of Grant and others v. Raymond, 6 Peters, 220. The chief justice, in giving the. opinion of the court, says, "but the new patent, and the proceedings on which it issues, have relation to the original transaction. The time of the privilege still runs from the date of the original patent. The application may be considered as appended to the original aoplication, and if the new patent is valid, the law must be considered as satisfied, if the machine was not known or used before that application."
As this decision must be considered as settling the construction of the patent laws on this point, it is conclusive in the present case: and it is therefore unnecessary to examine the argument of the plaintiff's counsel, which was designed to lead to a different conclusion.
The second patent being a continuation of the first one, the rights of the plaintiff must be ascertained by the law under which the original application was made.
This law was passed on the 17th of April 1800, and provides "that all and singular the rights and privileges given to citizens of the United States respecting patents for new inventions, &c. shall be extended to aliens, who,-at the time-of petitioning, shall have resided for two years within the United States, &c. Provided, that every person petitioning for a patent for any invention, art or discovery, pursuant to this act, shall make oath or .affirmation before some person duly authorized to administer oaths, before such patent shall be granted, that such invention, art or discovery, hath not, to thp best of his or her knowledge or belief, been known or used, either in this or any foreign country; and that every patent which shall be obtained pursuant to this act, for any invention, art or discovery, which it shall afterwards appear had been known or used previous to such application for a patent, shall be utterly void."
Bv the act of the 21st of February 1793, wluch limits patent rights to citizens, it is provided "that every person or persons,

SUPREME COURT.
[Shaw v. Cooper.]
Inlhs or their application for a patent. shall state that. the ma-
chine, &c. was not known or used before such application." The sixth section of this act provides that a defendant, when
prosecuted for a violation of a patent nght, may give in evidence, under a notice, among other matters, "that the thing secured by patent was not originally discovered by the patentee, but had been in use, or had been described in some public work anterior to the supposed discovery of the patentee, or that hb had' surreptitiously obtained a patent for the discovery of another. person: m either of which cases, judgment shall be rendered for the defendant with costs, and the patent shall be declared void."
It would seem, from the above provisions, that citizens and aliens, as to, patent rights, are placed substantially upon the same ground. In either case, if the invention was known ot -used -bythe public before it was patented, the patent is void. In both cases the right must be tested by the same rule.
From the facts in the case, it appears that the plaintiff, vhile residing in England, in 1813 or 1814, invented the instrument secured by his patent. That before he came to the United States, he made known his invention to his brother, to Mr Manton, a gun maker in London, and to others. That shortly after he came to the-United States, in 1817, he disclosed his .invention to a -gun maker in Philadelphia, and that in 1817 or 1818, the plaintiff's brother sold the invention to a gun makerim London. That in 1819 the invention was sold and used in England, and that in the two following years it was in public use there, and in the latter year also in France. That on the 19th of June 1822, his first patent was obtained.
It also appears that in April 1807, a patent was granted in England to one Forsyth for fourteen years, for an invention on the same subject. This fact was shown by the plaintiff, it is presumed, as a reason why he did not take out a patent in England.
The question arises from these facts, and others which belong to the case, whether there was such a use in the public, of this invention, at the date of the plaintiff's first patent, as to render it void.

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Shaw v. Cooper.]
By the plaintiff's counsel it is insisted, that if an invention has been pirated, or fraudulently divulged, the inventor cannot thereby lose Ins right to his own invention and property; and it makes no difference that the public have acquired the use of the invention-without any participation in the fraud, unless the inventor has -acquiesced in such use.
The right of the plaintiff to his invention, is compared to his right to other property, -which cannot be divested by fraud or violence, and the case of Miller v. Taylor, 4 Burr. 2303, where seven judges against four held, that at common law, an author, by'publishing a literary composition, does not abandon his right, is referred to as illustrative of the principle.
Several decisions by the circuit courts of the United States are cited to sustain the right of the plaintif. In the case of Whittemore v. Cutter, 1 Gall. 482, the court say, "it will not protect the plaintiff's patent, that he was the inventor of the improvements, if he suffered them to be used freely and fully by the public at large for so- many years, combined with all the usual machinery; for in such case, he must be deemed to have made a gift of them to the public, as much as a person who voluntarily opens is land as a highway, and suffers it to remain for a length of time devoted to public use."
In the case of Goodyear v. Matthews, 1 Paine's Rep. 801, the court, in substance, say, "that if the plaintiff be the inventor, it is immaterial that the invention has been known and used for years before the application." And in the case of Moms v. Huntington, 1.Paine, 354, the court say, that "no man is to be permitted to.lie by for years, and then take out a patent. Ifhe has been practising his invention-with a view of improving it, and thereby rendering it a greater benefit to the public, before taking out a patent, that ought not to prejudicehim. But it should always be a question submitted to the jury, what was the intent of the delay,of the patent, -and whether the allowing the invention to be used without a patent, should not be considered an abandonment .or present of it to the public."
This was a case where a second patent had been obtained,. the first being difoctive, and this, it would seem, was deemed sufficient to protect the right of the plaintiff,. though. the public.

-SUPREME COURT.
[Shaw v. Cooper.]
had been repossession of the inventionfor six years before the emanation of the second patent.
Of the same import are the cases cited from 4 Mason, 108, anh~4 Washington, 438 and 703.,
The question wvhat use in the public before the application is made for a patent, shall make void the right of the patentee, was brought before this court by the case of Pennock and Sel-lars v. Dialogue, reported in 2 Peters, 1 In this case the court say that "it has not, been, and indeed cannot be denied, that an inventor may abandon his invention and surrender or dedicate it to the -public. This inchoate right, thus gone, cannot afterwards be resumed at his pleasure, for when gifts are once made to the public in this way, they become absolute." And again, "if an invention is used by the public, with the consent of the inventor, at the time of his application fot a ,yatent, how can the court say, that his case is nevertheless such as the act was intended to protect I If such a public use is not a use within the meaning of the statute, how can the court extract the case from its operation, and support a patent, when the suggestions of the patentee were not true, and the ccudition on which alone the. grant was authorized, do not
exist." "The true construction of the patent law is," the court say,
"1that the first inventor cannot acquire a good title to a patent if he suffers the thing invented to go into public use, or to be publicly sold for use before he makes application for a patent."
In this case it appeared that the,thing invented had been m use by the public, with the consent of the inventors, and through which they derived a profit, for seven years before the emanation of a patent. And this use was held by the court to be an abandonment of the right by the patentees.
The policy of granting exclusive privileges m certain cases, was deemed of somuch importance in a natiinal point of view, that power was given to congress in the federal constitution, "9to promote the progress of science and useful arts, by securing for limited times, to authors and inventors, the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries."
This power was exercised by congress, in the passage of the acts which have beesi referred to. And from an examination of

JANUARY TERM 1833.
(Shaw v. Cooper.]
their various provisions..it clearly appears, that it'was the mtention-of the legislature, by a compliance with the requisites of the law, to vest the exclusive fight in the inventor only, and that on condition, that his invention was neither known nor used by the public, before his application for a patent. If such use or knowledge shall be proved to -haveexisted, prior to the application for the patent, the act of 1793 declares the patent void; and as has been already stated, the right of an alien is vacated in the am manner, by proving a foreign use or knowledge of his invention. That knowledge or use which would be fatal to the patent right of a citizen, would be equally so to the right of an alien
The knowledge or use spoken of in the act of 1793, could have referred to the public only, for the provision would be nugatory if it were applied to the inventor himself. He must, necessarily, have a perfect knowledge of the thing -invented and its use, before he can describe it, as by law he is required to do, preparatory to the emanation of a patent. But there may be cases, in which a knowledge of the invention may be surreptitiously obtained and commumcated to the public, that do not affect the. right of the inventor. Under such circumstances no presumption can arse infavour of an abandonment of the right to the public, by the inventor; though an acquiescence on his part, will lay the foundation for such a presumption.
In England it has been decided that if an inventor shall suffer the thing invented to be sold,. and go into public use :for four months, and in a later case for any period of time, before the date of his patent, it is utterly void.
In that country the right emanates from the royal prerogative, in this, it is founded exclusively on statutory provisions. But the policy in both governments is the same, in granting the right, and in fixfng its limits.
Vigilance is necessary to entitle an individual to the privileges secured under the patent law. It is not.enough that he should show his right by invention, but he must secure it in the mode required by law. And if the invention, through fraudulent means, shall be made known to the public, he should .assert his right immediately, and take the necessary steps, to legalize it.

SUPREME COURT.
[Shaw v. Cooper.]
The patent law was designed for the public benefit, as well as for the benefit of inventors. For a valuable invention, the public, on the inventor.s complying with certain conditions, give hun, for a linted period, the'profits arising from the sale of -the thing invented. This holds out an inducement for the exercise of gemus and skill in making discoveries which may be useful to society, and profitable to the discoverer. But it was *notthe intention of this law, to take from the public, that of which theywere fairly in possession.
In the progress of society, the range of discoveries ia the mechanic arts, in science, and in all things which promote the public convenience, as a matter of course, will be enlarged. This results from the aggregation of mind, and the diversity of talents and pursuits, ,which exist in every intelligent community. And it would be extremely impolitic to retard or embarrass this advance, by withdrawing from the public any useful invention or art, and malng it a subject of private monopoly. Against this consequence, the legislature have carefully guarded in the laws they have passed on the subject.
It is undoubtedly just that every discoverer should relize the benefits resulting from his discovery, for the period contemplated by law. But these can only be secured by a substantial compliance With every legal requisite. His exclusive right does not rest alone upon his discovery; but also upon the legal sanctions which have been given to it, and the forms of law with which it has been clothed.
No matter by what means an invention Inay be communlcated to the public, before a patent is obtained, any acqiescence in the public use, by the inventor, will be an abandonment of his right. If the right were asserted by him who fraudulently obtained it, perhaps no lapse of time could give it validity. But the public stand in an entirely different relation to the inventor.
The invention passes into the possession of innocent persons, who have no knowledge of the fraud, anO. at a considerable expense, perhaps, they appropriate it to teir own use. The inventor or his agent has full Imowledge of these facts, but fails to assert his right shall he kfterwards be permitted to assert it with effect I Is not -this such evidence of acquies-

JANUARY TERM 1833.
EShaw v. Cooper.]
cence in the public use, on his part, as justly forfeits his nght2
If an individual witness a sale and tran!fer of real estate, ander certain circumstances, in which he has an equitable lien or interest, and does not make known this interest, he shall not: afterwards be permitted to assert it. On this pnnciple it is, that a discoverer -abandons his right, if,before the obtainment of his patent, his discovery goes into public use. His right would be secured'by giving public notice that he was the inventor of the thing used, and that he should apply for a patent. Does this impose any thing more than reasonable diligence on the inventor z And would any thing short of this, be just to the public I
The acquiescence of an inventor in the public use of his invention, can in no case be presumed, vwhere he has no knowledge of such use. But thig knowledge may be presumed from the circumstances of the case. This will, in general, be a fact for the jury. And if the inventor do not, immediately after this notice, assert his right, it is such evidence of acquiescence in the public use, as for ever afterwards to prevent hun from asserting it. After his right shall be perfected by a patent, no presumption arises against it from a subsequent use by the public.
When an inventor applies to the department ot state for a patent, he should state the facts truly, and indeed 'he is-required to do so, under the solemn obligations of an oath. .If his invention has been carried into public use by fraud, but for a series of-months or years, he has taken no steps to assert his right, would not this afford such evidence of acqiescence as to defeat his application, as effectually, as ifh-e failed tostate that he was the oiginal inventor 2 And the same evidence which should defeat his application for a patent, would, at any subsequent period,.be fatal to his right. The evidence he exhibits to the department of state is not only ex parte, but -interested ,.and the questions of fact are left open, to be controverted by any one who shall think proper to contest the right under the patent.
A strict construction of the act, as it regards the public use of an" invenition, before it is patented, is not only required
VOL. VII. -2 Q.

SUPREME COURT
[Shaw v. Cooper.]
by its letter and spirit, but also by. sound policy. A term of fourteen years was deemed sufficient for the enjoyment of an exclusive right of an invention by the. inventor, but if he may delay an application for hi patent, at pleasure, although his invention be carried into public use, he may extend the period beyond what the law intended to give him. A pretence of fraud would afford no adequate security to the public in this respect, as artifice might be used -to cover the transaction. The doctrine of presumed acquiescence, where the public use is known, or might be known to the inventor, is the only safe rule which can be adopted on this subject.
In the case under consideration it appears the plaintiff came to this country, from England, in the year 1817, and being an alien, he could not apply for a patent until he had remained in the country two years. There was no legal obstruction tQ his obtaining a patent in the year 1819, but it seems that he failed to applyfor one, untk three years -fter he-might have done so. Had he used proper diligence I this espect his .right might have been secured, as his invention was not sold in England until the year 1819. But, in the two following 'years, it is proved to have been in public use tht te, qnd in e latter year, also in France.
Under such circumstances, can the plaintiff's right be sustained'
His counsel assigns as a reason for not making an earlier application, that he was endeavourmg to make his invention more perfect, but it seems by this delay, he was not enabled, essentially, to vary or improve it; The plan is substantially the same as was carried into public use through the brother of the plaintiff, in -England. Such an excuse, therefore, cannot avail the plaintiff. For three years, before the emanation of his patent, his invention was'in publiL se, and lie appears to have taken no step to assert has right. Indeed he sets up, as-a part of his case, the patent to Forsythe, as a reason why he did not apply for a patent in England.
The Forsythe patent was dated six years before. Some of the decisions of the circuit courts, which are referred to, were verruled in the, case of Pennock and Sellers v. Dialogue. They made the question of abandonment to turn upon the

JANUARY TERM 1833.

323

[Shaw v. Cooper.1
intention of the inventor. But such is not considered to be the true ground. Whatever may be the intention of the inventor, if"he suffers his invention to go into public usethrough -any means whatsoever, without an .immediate assertion of his right, heis not entitled to a patent, nor will a patent. obtained under such circumstances, protect his right.
The judgment of the circuit court must be affirmed With costs.

This-cause came on to be heard on the transenpt bf the record from the circuit court of the United States for the southem district of New York, and was axgued by counsel. on consideration whereof, it is adjudged and oreered by this court, that the judgment of the said circuit court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed with costs.

222

SUPREME COURT

]BERNARDO. SAMPEYREAC AND JOSEPH STEWAimT APPELLANTS
v. THE UNITED STATES, APPELLEES,
Construction of the act of congress passed the 5th of May 1830, entitled "1an act for the further extencung the powers of the judges of the superior court of the territory of Arkansas, under the act of the 26th May 1824, and for other purposes."
Under the provisions of an act of congress passed on the 26th May 1824, proceedings were instituted inthe superior court of the territory of Arkansas, by which a confirmation was claimed of a grant of land alleged to have been made to the petitioner, Sampeyreac, by the Spanish government, prior to the cession of Louisiana to the United States by the treaty of April 3d, 1803. This claim was opposed by the district attorney of the United States, and the court, after hearing evidence, decreed that the petitioner recover the landfirom the United States. Afterwards, the district attorney of the United States, proceeding on the authoriy of the act of 8th May 1830, filed a bill of review, founded an the allegation that the orignal decree was obtained by fraud and surprise, that the documents produced in support of the claim of Sampeyreac were forged, and that the witnesses who had been exanmned to sustain the same were perjured. At a subsequent term Stewart was allowed to become a defendant to the bill of review, and filed an answer, in which the fraud and forgery are denied, and in which he asserts that if the same were committed, he is ignorant thereof, and asserts that he is a bona fide purchaser of the land -for a valuable considefation, from one John J.Bowie, who conveyed to him the claim of Sampeyreac by deed, dated about the 22d October 1928. On a final hearing, the courtbeing satisfied of the forgery, perjury and fraud, reversed the original decree. Held, that these proceedings were legal, and were authorized by the act of the 5th of May 1830.
Altnost every law 'roviding. a new remedy, affects and operates upon causes of action existing at the time the law is passed. The law of 1830 is a no respect the exercise of judicial powers; it only orgaizes-a tribunal with the powers to entertain juditial proceedings. The act, in terms, applies to bills filed, or to be filed. Such retrospective effect is no unusual course in laws providing new remedies.
The act of 1830 does not require that all the technical rules in the ordinary course of chancery proceedings on a bill of review shall be, pursued in proceedings instituted under the -law.
In the case .of Polk's Lessee v. Wendell, 5 Wheat. 308, it is said by this court, thgt, on general principlesi it is incontestable that a grantee can convey no more than he possesses. Hence, those who come in under a void grant, can acquire nothing.

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Sarhpeyreac and Stewart v. The United States.]
APPEAL from the supreme court of Arkansas. The appellant, Sampeyreac, under the act of congress of the
26th of May 1824, entitled "an act enabling the claimants to lands within the limits of the state of Missouri, and territory of Arkansas, to institute proceedings to try the validity of their claims," exhibited the bill against the United States, which was filed m the clerk's office of the superior court, m the-temtory of Arkansas, in chancery sitting, on the 21st day of Novemlher 1827, stating that, being an inhabitant of Louisiana, he did, on the 6th day of October 1789, address a letter to the governor of the then Spanish province of Louisiana, asking for ten arpens of land in fiont, with the usual depth, on Strawberry river, within the district of Arkansas, to be granted to him m full property; and that the said governor did, on the I1th day of October 1789, make an order of survey upon said petition, which the appellant alleges is such a claim as might have been perfected into a complete title, under and m conformity to the laws, usages and customs of the government of Spain, under which the same originated, had not the sovereignty of the country been transferred to the United States; and is therefore provided for by the treaty between the United States and the French republic, made the 30th April 1803. The bill prays that this claim may be confirmed, according to the provisions of the act of congress before mentioned. Upon this petition the clerk of the court issued a subpoena against the district attorney of the United States, which was executed on the 24th of November 1827. To this bill the district attorney of the United States filed an answer at the December term of said court 1827, denying, generally, the facts and allegations in said bill, and alleging that Sampeyreac was a fictitious person, or was a foreigner, and then dead. On the 19th day of December 1827, the district attorney of the United States moved to postpone the final adjudication of the case until the following term, for the following reasons.
1. The petition and subpcena in this case were served on the United- States within one month of the present term of this court, but more than fifteen days allowed by law; and in consequence of this short notice, the United States attorney has not answered this bill until the present term.

-SUPREME COURT.
[Sampeyreac and Stewart v. The United States.]
2. Has not had a sufficient length of time to take counter depositions, if counter evidence does e:6st.
3. There are many more cases pending m this court on the same principles, and similarly situated in all respects; and the attorney for the United States asks this continuance for the purpose of procuring such evidence as may exist on the part of the government.
The court proceeded to hear the cause, and, upon the deposition of one John Heberard, entered on that day a decree against the United States, in favour of said Sampeyreac, for four hundred arpens of land.
On the 14th day of February 1828, a deed purporting to be a decree executed by Sampeyreac, transferring his clain to the clerk's certificate of the existence of this decree, and of all hs right, title and interest in said decree, to John J. Bowie, was proved and admitted to record on the 22d day of October 1828, in the office of the circuit court of Hempstead county, in the territory of Arkansas, and which title was transferred by Bowie to Joseph Stewart in December 1828, by virtue of which transfer the said Stewart filed with the register of the land office at Little Rock, an application for the N. E. 17, 11 S. 26W, andE. i S. E. 17, 11S. 26W andW i N. E. 13, 11 S. 27 W and which application was admittea by the register on the 13th of December 1828.
At the April term 1830 of the.court, the United States attorney, upo leave granted, filed a bill charging that the decree entered by the court at the December term 1827, in the case of Sampeyreac, wag obtained by fraud and surprise, and alleging that the court erred in proceeding to the trial of said cause, at the said December term, without having set said 'cause for hearing, and without affording the United States time to prove the injustice of the claim. The bill charges that the original petition to governor Mero, and the order of survey are forgeries; which fact has come to the knowledge of the attorney since the decree was made, that Sampeyreac is a fictitious person, or, if he ever did exist, is dead, that Heberard and the other witnesses committed perjury in this case, and that the petition, and order of survey were made since 1789, and that record evidence has been discovered since the

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Sampeyreac and :TewarL v. The United States.]
decree, which will be -roduced upon the hearing to prove.the forgery.
Sampeyreac was proceeded against as an absent defendant, after the return of the subpcsna, that "he was not to be found in the territory of Arkansas ;" and a decree pro confesso was entered, as to hun, on the 28th day of October 1830. Before this decree was entered, Joseph Stewart was permitted to file hls answer and was made a defendant m thi case, which was excepted to on'the part of the United States, and a bill of exceptimins was signed: by the court on the 28th October 1830.
It Was not charged or contended that Stewart purchased with a knowledge of the forgery, either of the original grant, or of the transfer from Sampeyreac to Bowie.
The final decree, reversing and annulling the decree entered in favour of Sampeyreac at December term 1827, was delivered by"the court February 7th, 1831.
From this decree this appeal was taken by Joseph Stewart, for himself and Sampeyreao.
The case was argued by Mr Prentiss and Mr White, for the appellants, and by Mr Fulton and Mr Taney, the attorneygeneral, for the United States.
For the appellants, the following points were stated for the consideration of the court.
I. That, by the provisions of the act of 1824,. and of the act continuing it, the decree of confirmatioL, rendered iu December term 1827, became final after the lapse of one whole year from its date, without an appeal being taken therefrom.
2. That a bill of review cannot be prosecuted after -the time for allowmg-an appeal has expired.
3. That, if the foregoing proposition is not universally true, it so is to a bill of review for errors apparent, and as to which the party could have availed himself by an appeal.
4. If a bill of review can be prosecuted for any cause, after thr. time for an appeal has expired, it cannot be for causes k'iown to the party at the time of rendering, the decree complained of.
5. The refusal of the court to continue the cause at Decem-. VOL. VII.-2 D

SUPREME COURT.
[Sampeyreac and Stewart v. The United States.]
ber term 1827, was not an error re-examinable on appeal, or, if so, was an error apparent, which could have been corrected on an appeal, if taken within the year allowed for an appeal, and, therefore, not by a bill of review, after the expiration of the time allowed for an appeal.
6. The substantial ground in difference between the United States and Sampeyreac, supposing there was such a person in being, was, that the order of survey was or was not a genuine one-was or was not a forgery. This was the whole ground of difference., and both this fact and the question whether Sampeyreac was a real inhabitant of Louisiana, capable of taking or had assigned his claim, were all put directly in issue on the original trial.
7. After the decree rendered in the first case, a bill of review cannot be maintained, on after discovered testimony which coula have been used under the issue joined, unless such after discovered evidence be evidence of record.
8. Although the bill of review suggests the discovery of such record evidence, none such is produced on the bill of review, the only evidenue being that of witnesses and the title papers in the other cases then depending, all of which were known, and, if proper evidence, could have been used on the first trial.
9. All that'is alleged m the bill of review, concerning the appearance of the papers themselves, and other facts to show they were post dated, appeared on the first trial.
10. The time of discovery of the new evidence is not stated, nor does it appear, and it is contended that, if such be evidence, discovered after trial, as will sustain a bill of review, the bill must, at least, appear to have been filed within one year from the time of such discovery.
11. If the refusal to continue the cause at December term, was a matter which could be alleged on a bill of review, or considered on an appeal, there was no error in that refusal, as the law only required fifteen days between the service and return of the subpcena, whereas twenty-eight days intervened, and required a trial to be had at the first term, unless good cause should be shown for a continuance, and it is contended that, as the cases were all treated as similar, and it was not alleged that there had not been time to file answers, and as

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Sampeyreac and Stewart v. The United States.]
the United States attorney admitted the. credibility of the claimant's witness, and stated that he knew of no -testimony which could impeach the genuineness of the claim, he showed no cause of continuance, unless he could show it in the improvident provisions of the act of congress under which he was acting.
12. The defendant Stewart is an milocent purchaser, and is entitled to protection, whether the original claim was a forged one or not. That Sampeyreac, after the decree confirming his claim, conveyed his right to Bowie, appears from his recorded deed read in evidence by consent, and, although they insisted that that deed was a forgery; no evidence of any kind was taken to support that objection. That Stewart was an innocent purchaser, in November or December 1828, is admitted in the fullest terms. ".? purchaserby deed, and m goodfaith."
13. It appears that, being such purchaser in good faith, Stewart made entry of the claim on the 13th December 1828, according to the provisions of the act of 1824. The time-for taking an appeal, or for prosecating a bill. of review for errors apparent, expired the 19th December 1828, one year after the decree and it will be insisted that Stewart had, under his- entry, and the operation of the act of 1824, an inchoate legal title, nay,-more, a legal title in fact, of which an -after acquired patent would only operate as the vidence.
14. It was farther contended, that, when Stewart made his entry, he had done all that he coul&, or was bound to do. It was the duty of the ministerial officers of government to make out his grant.
Before the counsel for the appellants proceeded to argue the .ase they admitted that the grant under which Sampeyreac claimed the land was a forgery, that the deed from him to Bowie was a forgery; and that the witnesseswho were examined to support the grant had sworn falsely.
Mr Prentiss, for the appellants , contended, that the act of 1824 did not give the superior court of Arkansas any jurisdiction or authority to entertain.a bill of review. This is a conclusion warranted by the object of the law, and a fair construction of its terms.

SUPREME COURT.
[Sampeyreac and Stewart v. The United States.]
The object of that law was to furnish the means of a speedy and final adjudication upon the Spamsh and French land claims in Arkansas and Missouri. To accomplish this, a special .jurisdiction was given to the superior cotfrt, limited to the particular cases which were to be adjudicated by it, and limited as to the time in which it was to act upon them. The court, having been created by the act, had no other powers than those it derived from its provisions. 6 Peters, 487. Its special jurisdiction does not mingle with, nor was it in any manner increased by the general chancery jurisdiction which it possesses.
The power therefore to entertain a bill of review in the case before the court, cannot be deduced from the general powers of the court, as a court of chancery; but if it exists at all, it is to be sought for only in the act, and the act no where expressly gives it. The court had authority to try titles simply, to direct issues of fact, all of which were useless if it had general chancery jurisdiction. ;It was, by the fifth section, to decide on claims exhibited within two years; and its decision was to be given in three years. The allowance of an appeal was intended as a substitute for a bill of review, and an appeal is the only mode by which the sentences of the court could be re-examined,
Another argument against the power of the court to entertam a bill of review, may be drawn from the provision vluch exempts the distnrt attorney from the obligation to make oath to the answer he may file to the petition of a land claimant. If a bill of review was intended to be allowed, would not a similar provision have been made in reference to it I A bill of review, according to chancery rules, must be sworn to.
The proceeding in this case vwas not under the act of 1800. The bill was filed in April 1830, and the act did not pass until the 10th of May following.
But the act could not operate retrospectively, as it would be unconstitutional. Could it so operate, it would divest private rights acquired in good faith, and under the sanction ofa solemn and final decree of the superior court of Arkansas, in a matter fully within its cogmzance. By such an operation the law was not remedial, but was an extinguishment of a right. This is contrary to the fifth amendment of the constitution; by which

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Sanpeyreac and Stewart v. The Unted States.]
private property is protected. The private property of Stewart was, by this act, taken away and given to the United States.
The act of May 1830, was the exercise of a judicial power, and'i is-no answer to this objection, that the execution of its provisions is given to a court. The iegislature of the union. cannot use such a power. The law violated the contract between the United States and the claimant, a contract entered into under the .prior law, and consummated by the decision.of the court and it was equally in opposition to the principles of natural justice as it is to the constitutional declaration. Cited, 1 Aiken, 315; 2 Aiken, 284, 3 Greenleaf, 326; 2 Greenleaf, 287, 11 Mass. 386, 394, 399; -2 Peters, 657, 6 Cranch, 87, 2 Cond. Rep. 308, 7 John. 477.
The proceedings on the part of the United States are not correct, according to the chancery practice, if the court had-the power to entertain them.
A bill of review can be maintained in only two cases. -1. Where error is apparent on the record. 2. Where there is somenew matter, which has become known subsequent to the decree, which is to be brought into re-examination.
The only error, if any, in the record, was refusing a continuance. This is not the subject of revision. The limitation of a bill of review is the same as a limitation of an appeal,, which in this case, under the law of 1824, was one"year.
There was no new matter to authorize the bill of review. The rule is, that tfie new matter must be unknown, and could not, with ordinary diligence, have been known and the same must be set out in the bill. Hind's Pract. 56, 57, 60, Freeman's Ch. Rep. 30, 177, 16 Vesey, 360; 2 John. Chan. 488, 3 John. Chan. 124, Hardin's Reports, 342, 1 Hopk. Ch. Rep. 102.
The only new matter coming at all within the rule was the forgery of the grant and order of survey, but the bill of review alleges that all these facts appear in the original bill, and so of course were not new. The general allegation that there is new evidence, is not sufficient the evidence should have been stated. The forgery of these papers was put in issue.m the original bill and answer, and the question upon them was judicially closed by the original decree.

SUPREME COURT.
[Sampeyreac and Stewart v. The United States.]
Joseph Stewart is an innocent purchaser. He holds the land under the decree of confirmation, and not under a patent. His purchase was made in good faith, and he should not be disturbed, however fraudulent the acts of those who presented the claim for confirmation. He could know nothing but the recorded acts of the court of Arkansas, proceeding under and according to the provisions of the laws of congress m a matter specially entrusted to that court. As the United States ought not to seek from him the restoration of the property taken from them by the frauds of those to whom he as well as the government was a stranger; so this court should not sanction such a claim.
Mr Fulton, for the United States. The superior court of Arkansas had jurisdiction of the case under the act of 1824, that act having given to the court chancery as well as common law powers. It proceeded m this case according to the rules of a court of chancery. By the treaty with France of 1803, the United States were bound to protect and confirm private land claims; and for this purpose full powers were given to the court in Arkansas. The titles'of the claimants were in a language foreign to the judges of the court: the witnesses to sustain them were unknown to the tribunal, and the whole effort of able counsel was given to establish them. If, in such cases, the courts and the land officers of the government were nposed upon, it was not extraordinary. An examination of the law of 1828, with reference to the act of 1824, will result in the conviction, that no limitation upon the powers of the court was intended, other than as to the time of filing new claims and petitions. Having general chancery powers in all the cases which came before the court, it could proceed at any time in those cases, according to the principles and practice of courts of chancery. But if any doubt can be raised upon the act of 1828, the provisions of the act of 1830 relieve the case from every embarrassment. By that act full powers are expressly given to proceed, as was done in the case before the court, and the only question to be decided, in order to maintain the decree of the

JANUARY TERM 1833.
(Sampeyreao and Stewart v. The United States.]
court below is, whether the act was constitutional. To show the constitutionality of the law, Calder v Bull, 3 DalU. 386, was cited, and upon the powers of congress over the territories of the United States, 1 Kent's Com. 360, was referred to.
There are errors on the face of the decree in the original proceedings.
The decree was entered only twenty-five days after the bill was filed, and against the strong resistance of the district attorney, who asked for time to obtain testimony by which the alleged frauds and forgeries might have been discovered. This furnished a sufficient ground for a continuance, and its refusal violated the rules of proceeding established by the court.
There were one hundred and thirty cases of the same description, and which were adjudged at the same time; and m none of them are the laws or ordinances of Spain, upon which the titles rested, set out in the decree of the court.
Fraud is laid as the ground of the bill of review, and this is a sufficient ground for the proceeding. When the court has been grossly and evidently imposed upon, it must necessarily have a power to revise its decree, and correct the errors into which it has been drawn by the deceit and falsehood of a party who has abused its powers to obtain the benefit of his artifices and forgeries.
Nor can the appellant, Stewart, claim any thing under the decree in the original proceeding as an innocent purchaspr. The act of congress did not authorize the transfer of any right acquired under the decree. He appears claiming only an equitable title, as he can have no legal title.
Those who claim under a void grant, can acquire no right. Stewart having been altogether unconnected with the decree, can claim under it no more than Sampeyreac, and Sampeyreac could not get a patent for the land. Cited, 1 Harrison's Chan, 452, 140, 146, 3 Wilson, 111, 2 Mad. Chan. 409; 1 Mad, Chan. 237, 1 Johns. Chan. 482, lPeters, 517, 542.
The attorney-general contended2 that the case -was- not within the treaty with France, and was not within the cognizance of the court of Arkansas. There was no claim exist-

SUPREME COURT.
LSampeyreac and Stewart v. The United States.]
ing under a grant, no title whatever was in the possession of the party to the proceeding; all the papers were forged, and all the witnesses who swore to the verity of the papers were perjured. 'These facts are admitted.
Thus the act of congress, having given to the court authority to confirm grants which had issued, and to proceed in the investigation of titles set up under such grants, whatever may have been done by the court under mistake, or from the frauds of those for whom the law was not made, could give no title to any land against the right of the United States. The court had no jurisdiction in such a case. Stewart claimed under Bowie, and it is admited that Bowie's title was a forgery. If Sampeyreac was a real person, thp title is yet m hun.
It is said the first decree is final and conclusive; that the powers of the court of Arkansas had expired, and no bill of review would lie there; and that congress could not pass a law authorizing a bill of review.
The act of 1828 continues the court as it was before, and also enlarges the time for filing claims. This act could not be considered as creating a new special jurisdiction. It was mtendedl to continue the court with all its powers; and it could of course entertain a bill of review, under the general powers of a court of chancery.
But if -the court, under the act of 1824, had no such power, yet, as the United States bad a right to the land, which could not be taken away by admitted forgeries, and congress could give a remedy for the injury sustained for such frauds, the act of 1830 is without objection. That a government has such powers, has been decided at this term in the case of Livingston's Lessee v. Moore et al. The case before the court, in this view of it, is, that there was an admitted forgery, and the act of 1830 established a court for the trial of that question.
The next inquiry is, whether the court pursued the remedy the law authorized.
The act of 1830 gives the review generally, and without restiicting it to the technical rules of a bill of review in chancery. Congress rmght prescribe any form of remedy. The review is given on the suggestion of forgery. The review is

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Sampeyreac and Stewart v. The United States.]
given, not technically, but as a rehearing or revision by a proceeding in the nature of a bill of review The act declares it to be for revuimg the former decrees of the court.
A bill of review maybe filed without leave of the court, and without an affidavit. 2 Atk. 532. The want of an affidavit, and the fact that the bill was filed without the previous consent of the court, cannot be taken advantage of on appeal. If the party appears and answeit, it is a waiver of the affidavit.
But in point of fact, the bill was filed with the leave of the court. The decree being taken pro confesso against Sampeyreac, he admits.the alleg itions in the bill, and of course whatever the affidavit could state. But if Sainpeyreac could set up and avail himself of these objections, Stewart cannot do so. Stewart, who brings the case. here, has no inteiest in the lands. He cannot have such an interest through a forgery. The whole proceeding in the name of Sampeyreac was null and void, and could establish no right to be held or enjoyed by any one under the same.
Mr White, for the appellants, in reply The questions in this case are, whether the fraud, which is admitted, can be reached by this court, and whether all remedy is not lost to the United States by the lapse of time. There is a difference between th6 treaty with France of 1803, and that with Spain of 1819. The former does not confinn the grants of land within the ceded territory, the latter confirms them proprio vigore. An examination of the act of 1824 will fully satisfy the court, that unless an appeal has been taken from the decree of a court acting under that law, within one year, the title which has been confirmed by the decree of the court,becomes fixed and completed. It is denied that the refusal of the court to grant a contmuz ance, as required by the district attorney of the United States; was error. There was no cause shown for the continuance; no direct allegation that evidence could be obtained, and the court were bound by the act of congress to proceed promptly. But the refusal of an inferior court to grant a continuance, is not to be assigned as error in a court of appeals. This is the
VOL VII.-2 E

SUPREME COURT.
[Sainpeyreac and Stewart v. The United States.]
exercise of a discretion which cannot afterwards be inquired into.
The certificate given by the court in favour of the party whose title has been confirmed by the court is assignablei and the purchaser may take a patent for the land in his own name. An innocent purchaser has only to look at the decree of confirmation. The steps to procure that, however false or fraudulent, cannot affect him. The universal practice of the government has been to give the patent to the assignee of the certificate.
The bill of review in this case was filed before the act of 1830 passed, and can only be sustained on the law of 1824, and this could not be:
1. Because it was not sworn to. The only privilege given to the United States is, that the answer need not be sworn to.
2. Because it was filed by leave of the court. The original decree must be executed before a bill of review will be allowed, and there must be new matter, not in issue in the original case, for the foundation of such a bill. Here there was none, as the question of forged titles was in issue in the original case.
A bill of review is the exercise of judicial power; and no power exists in congress to give a bill of review to divest a right vested before the enactment of the law. I Cond. Rep. 179; Fletcher v. Peck, 6 Cranch.
As to purchasers without notice, cited, 1 Johns. Ch. Cases, 219. As to forged warrants, cited, 5 Wheat. 309.
That Stewart was a necessary party in the case, cited. 10 Wheat. 181, 8 Wheat. 451, 7 Wheat. 522.
Mr Justice THOMPSON delivered the opinion of the Court. This case comes up on'appeal from the superior court in the territor of Arkansas. The decree of the court was founded upon proceedings instituted under an act of congress, entitled "an act for further extending the powers of the judges of the superior court of the territory of Arkansas, under the act of the 26th May 1824, and for other purposes," passed the 8th of May 1830. Pamph. Laws, ch. 90. This act declares that the act of 1824. (7 Laws U. S. 300)

JANUARY TERM 1833
[Sampeyrcac and Stewart v. The United States.]
shall be continued in force, so far as the said act relates to the claims within -the territory of Arkansas, until the 1st day of July 1831, for the purpose df enabling the court in Arkansas, having cognizance of clans under the said act, to proceed by bills of review, filed, or to be filed, in the said court on the part of the United States, for the purpose of revising all or -any of the decrees of the said court, in cases wherein it shall appear to the said court, or be alleged in such bills of review, that the jurisdiction of the same was assumed in any case on any forged warrant, concession, grar , order of survey, or other evidence of title. And in every case wherein it shall appear to the said court, on the prosecution of any such bill of review,-that such warrant, concession, grant, order of survey, or other evidence of title is a forgery, it shall be lawful, and the said court is hereby authorized to -proceed, by further order and decree, to reverse and annul any prior decree or adjudication upon such claim, and, thereupon, such pnor decree or adjudication shall be deemed and held in all places whatever, to be null and void to all intents and purposes.
Upon the proceedings on the bill of review instituted under this act, the court pronounced the following decree "it is therefore adjudged, ordered and decreed that the former decree of this court, in favour of the defendant'Bernardo Sampeyreac against the United States, for four hundred acres of land, pronounced and recorded at the December term of this court in the year 1827, be, and the same is hereby reversed, annulled and held for naughit." From this decree the present appeal was taken.
To a rilght understanding of the questions which have been made at the bar, it will be iecessarv briefly to state the proceedings which took place under (he original bill.
That bill or petition was filed on the 21st of November 1827, under the provisions of the act of the 26th of May 1824 (7 Laws U. S. 300), setting fortfl that the complainant Bernardo Sampeyreac, on tho Gth of October 1789, lie then being an inhabitant of Louisiana, presented a petitmon to the then governor of the province, asking a grant for a tract of land in full property, containing ten arpens in froiri, 1v the usual depth, on

SUPREME COURT.
[Sampeyreac and Stewart v. The United States.]
Strawberry river, &c. That afterwards, on the 11th of October 1789, the governor granted the petition. That at the time the grant was so made, an order of survey was issued to the surveyor general of the province. That by virtue. of such grant and order of survey, the petitioner acquired a claim to the land, which claim is secured to hini by the treaty between the United States and the French republic, of the 30th of April 1803.
The district attorney put in an answer, denying the several facts and allegations in the bill, and alleging that grants could only be made, legally, to persons in existence and actually residing in Louisiana. That Sampeyreac, in whose name the bill is filed, is a fictitious person, never having had any actual existence, or if such person ever had any existence he was a foreigner; or is now dead, and made no transfer or assignment of the claim in his lifetime. That he has no legal representative in existence, nor is there any one now living who is authorized to file this bill, or prosecute this suit and prayed that the bill might be dismissed.
A witness by the name of John Heberard was examined, and sworn to all the material facts necessary to establish the claim, and the court, thereupon, ordered, adjudged and decreed that the said Bernardo Sampeyreac, recover of the United States the said four hundred arpens of land.
The bill of review is founded upon the allegation that the original decree was obtained by fraud and surprise. That the original petition and order of survey, exhibited in the case, are forged. That Heberard and the other witnesses in the cause, committed the crime of perjury. That the order of survey was never signed by Mero, governor of Louisiana, as the same purports to have been, and that this fact has come to the knowledge of the district attorney since the decree was entered. And the bill further charges that the said Sampeyreac is a fictitious person.
At the October term 1880, this bill was taken, pro confesso, against Sampeyrcac at which term the appellant, Joseph Stewart, appeared in court, and prayed to be made a defendant, and have leave to file an answer to the bill. This was resisted

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Sarnpeyreac and Stewart v. The United States.]
by the district attorney., but an order was made by the court permitting Stewart to be made a defendant,'with leave to file an answer. To wuch the district attorney excepted.
The answer of Stewart denies the frauds and forgeries alleged m the bill, but avers that if there was any fraud, corruption or forgery, he is ignorant of it, and that he was a bona fide purchaser of the claim for a valuable consideration from one John J. Bowie, who conveyed to him the claim of the said Bemardo Sampeyreac, by deed bearing date about the 22d of October 1828. Upon the final hearing the court reversed .the original decree, as has been already stated.
The objections winch have been taken at the bar to this decree, may be considered under the following points
1. Whether; under the act of 1824, the court had authority to entertain the bill of review; and, if not, then,
2. Whether the act of 1830 is a constitutional law, and confers such authority.
3. Whether the proceedings on this bill of review can be sustained under the act of 1830.
4. Whether, admitting Stewart to be a bona fide purchaser of the claim of Sampeyreac, he is protected against the title set up by the United States.
1. We think it unnecessary to go into an examination of the questions which have been made under the first point. Although the act of 1824 directs that every petition which shall be presented under its provisions, shall be conducted according to the rules of a court of equity, it may admit of doubt whether all the powers of a court of chancery in relation to bills of review, are vested in that court. And as the view taken by this court upon the other points renders a decision upon this unnecessary, we pass it over without expressing any opinion upon it.
2. The ground upon which it has been argued that the act of 1830 is unconstitutional, is, that a right had become vested in Stewart before the act was passed, and that the effect and operation of the law is to deprive ihinm of a vested right. To determine the force and application of this objection, it becomes necessary to look at the claim, as it now appears,:before the court. It is found bv the decree bf the court befow, Iqd is

SUPREME COURT
(Sampeyreac and Stewart v. The United States.]
admitted at the bar, that Sampeyreac is a -fictitious person. That the petition purporting to have been presented by him to Mero, governor of the province of Lotusiana, and the order of survey alleged to have been made thereupon, are forgenes. These are the only evidence of title upon winch the onginal claim rests. And it is proved and admitted that the deed purporting to have been given by Sampeyreac to Bowie, under whom Stewart claims, is also a forgery. The bill or petition filed in the original cause, alleges that the claim is secured by the treaty between the United States and the French republic, of the 30th of April 1803. This, however, has not been insisted upon on the argument here; and there is certainly no colour for pretending that a claim founded in fraud and forgery is'sanctioned by the treaty The title to the land in question passed by the treaty, and became vested in the United States, and there has been no act, on the part of the United States, by which they have parted with the title. It is contended, however, that this right or title has been taken away by the original decree in tis case, under the act of 1824. By the fourteenth section of that act, all its provisions are extended to the te'rritory of Arkansas, and it is declared that the superior court of that territory shall have, hold, and exercise junsdiciion in all cases, in the same manner, and under the same restrictions and regulations in all- respects, as is given by the said act to the district court of the state of Missouri. And-by the second section of the act, it is declared that in all cases the party, against whom the judgment or decree of the court may be finally given, shall be entitled to appeal within one year from its rendition to the supreme court of the United States, the decision of which court shall be final and conclusive between the parties, and should' no appeal be taken, the judgment or decree of the district court shall in like manner be final and conclusive. No appeal was thaken within the year, and the question is, whether the United States, by neglecting to appeal, have lost their right, and if not, whether the remedy provided by the act of 1830, to assert that right, is in violation of the constitution. If Sampeyreac was a real person, and appeared here setting up this objection, it might present a different question, although it is not admitted, even in that case,

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Sampeyreac and Stewart v.The United States.]
that the United States would be concluded as to the right. But the original decree in this case was a mere nullity, it gave no right to any one. The title still remained in the United States, and the most that can be said ig, that by omitting to appeal within the time limited by the act, the remedy thereby provided was gone, and the decree became final and conclusive with respect to such remedy. But the act of 1830 provides a new remedy, and it may be added that the act of 1804 declares the decree to be final and conclusive between the parties. And as Sampeyreac was a fictitious person, he was no party to the decree, and the act in strictness does not apply to the case. But, considering the act of 1830 as providing a remedy only, it is entirely unexceptionable. It has been repeatedly decided in thi' court, that the retrospective operation of such a law forms no objection to it. Almost every law, providing a new remedy, affects and operates upon causes of action existing at the time the law is passed. The law of 1830 is in no respect the exercise of judicial powers. It only orgaizes a tribunal with powers to entertain judicial proceedings. When the original decree was entered, there was no person in existence whose claim could be ripened into a right against the United States by omitting to appeal. Stewart was not only no party to the decree, but his purchase from Bowie was nearly a year after the decree was entered.
Had Sampeyreac been a real person, having a decree in his favour, and Stewart had afterwards purchased of Bowie the right which that decree established, it might have given him some equitable claim, but it would have been subject to all piior equitable, as well as legal lights. Nor would it be available in any respect in- the present case, for Stewart in no manner whatever connects lunmself with Sampeyreac. As it is admitted that the deed purporting to have been given by Sampeyreac to Bowie is a forgery, Stewart is therefore a mere stranger to this decree, and can derive no benefit from it.
It is said, that if tis bill of review was filed under the act of 1830, the court had no jurisdiction, the bill having been filed in April, and-the law not passed until the May following. But the-act m terms.applies to bills filed ot to be,filed, and of course

SUPREMft COURT.
[Sampeyreac and Stewart v. The United States.]
cures his defect, if any exmsted. Such retrospective effect is no unusual course, in laws providing new remedies.
The act of 1803, amending the judicial system of the United States, 3 Laws U. S. 560, declares, that from all final judgments or decrees, rendered or to be rendered, in any circuit court, &c., an appeal shall be allowed to the supreme court, &c.
It therefore forms no objection to the law, that the cause of action existed'antecedent to its passage; so'far as it applies to the remedy, and does not affect the right.
3. But it is objected, in the next place, that this bill of review cannot be. sustained under the act of 1830. That it was not filed and prosecuted under the limitations and restrictions, and aecording to the course and practice of a court of chancery in such a proceeding. We think it unnecessaryto exammewhether all the technical rules required in the ordinary course of chancery proceedings, on a bill of review, have been pursued in the present case. The act clearly does not require it. It authorizes bills of review to be filed on the part of the United States, for the purpose of revising all or any of the decrees of the said court. in cases wherein it shall appear to the said court, or be alleged in such bills of review, that the junsdiction of the same was assumed, in any case,. on any forged warrant, concession, grant, order of survey, or other evidence of title. If congress had a right to provide a tribunal in which the remedy might be prosecuted, they clearly had a right to prescribe the manner in wich it should be pursued. The great and leading object was to provide for revising the original decree, or granting a new trial. The material allegation required is, that the onginal decree was founded upon some forged evidence of title, and this is very fully set out in the bill. That it was not the intention of the law, that the court should be confined to the technical rules of a court of chancery on bills of review, is evident fiom the provision in the last clause of the first section of the act, which directs the court to proceed on such bills of review, by such rules of practice and regulations as they may adopt for the execution of the powers vested or confirmed in them by the act.
4. The next inquiry is, whether the appellant, Stewart, has

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Sampeyreac and Stewart v. The United States.]
acquired a right to the land, by reason of his standig imthe character'of a&bona fide purchaser. The record contains an admission on the part of the United States, that he purchased the claims of John J.Bowie, by deed, for a valuable consideration, in good faith, some time in November or December 1828. But.this gave hum no right to be let in as a party in the bill of review; he was not a party to the original bill, nor could he connect himself 'vith Sampeyreac, the only party to the bill, he being a fictitious peron, and the interest of Stewart, whatever it might be, was acqured long after the original decree was entered. He was, therefore, a perfect stranger to that decree. The deed purporting to have been given by'Sampeyreac to Bowie, is admitted to be a forgery. Bowie, of course, had no interest, legal or equitable, which he w4uld convey to Stewart. But admitting Stewart to have been properly let m as a party in the bill of review, the only colourable equity which he showed, was the certificate of entry given by the register of the land office, December 13th, 1828: and this certificate, founded on a decree in favour of Sampeyreac, a fictitious person, obtained by fraud, and upon forged evidence of title. This certificate is entirely unavailable to Stewart. He can obtain no patent under it if the original decree should remain unreversed; for the act of 1830 forbids any patent thereafter to be issued, except in the name of the original party to the decree, and on proof to the satisfaction of the officers, that the party applying is such original party, or is duly authorized by.such original party or ns heirs to receive such patent. The original party to the decree being a fictitious person, no title would pass under the patent, if issued. It would still remain in the United States. But Stewart acquired no ight whatever under the deed from Bowie, the latter having no interest, that he could convey. In the case of Polk's Lessee v. Wendall, 5 Wheat. 308, it is said by this court, that on general principles, it is incontestable that a grantee can convey no more than he possesses.. Hence, those who come in under the holder of a void grant, can acquire nothing.
Upon the whole, we think Stewart was improperly admitted VOL. VII.-2 F

242

SUPREME COURT.

[Sampeyreac and Stewart v. The United States.]
to becone a party- but considering hun a proper party, he has shown no ground upon winch he can .sustain a right to the land in question.
The decree of the court below is accordingly affirned, with costs.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the superior court for the territory of Arkansas, and was argued by counsel. on consideration whereof, it is decreed and ordered by this court, that the decree of the said superior court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed with costs.

JANUARY TERM 1q33.
JOHN HOLMES, MICHAEL OMEALY, RICHARD CATON, HUGH THOMPSON, AND WILLIAM SLATER, APPELLANTS V. DANIEL TROUT, WILLIAM MORELAND, WALTER MORELAND, JEREMIAH TROUT, JACOB OVERPECK, AND WILLIAM BUCHANNAN,
APPELLEES.
Questions on the validity of certain entries zf lands i me state of Kentucky. A survey itself, which bad nf' acquired notoriety, is not a good call for an
entry But when the survey has been made conformable to the entry, and the entry can be sustained, the call for the survey may support an entry. The boundaries of the survey must be shown. This principle is fully settled by the decisions of the courts ofthe state of Kentucky. It has been a settled principle in Kentucky that surplus land does notitiate an entry, and a survey is held valid if made conformably to such an entry. The principle is well settled, that a junior entry shall limit the survey of a prior entry to its calls. This rule is reasonable and just. Until an entry be surveyed, a subsequent location must be governed by its calls; and this is the reason why it is essential that every entry shall describe with precision the land designed to be appropriated by it. If the land adjoimng to the entry should be covered by a subsequent location, it would be most unjust to sanction a survey of the prior entry beyond its calls, and so as to include a part of the junior entry. The locator may survey his entry in one or more surveys, or he may, at pleasure, withdraw a part of his entry. When a part of a warrant is withdrawn, the rules of the land office require a memorandum on the margin of the record of the oriwinal entry showing what part of it is withdrawn. In giving a construction to an entry, the ntention of the locator is to be chiefly regarded, the same as the intention of the parties in giving a constriction to a contract. If a call be impracticable, it is rejected as surplusage, on the ground that it was made through mistake; but if a call be made for a natural or artificial object, it shall always control mere course and distance. Where there is no object called for to control a rectangular figure, that form shill be given to the survey. No evidence can be looked into ih this court, which exercises an appellate jurisdiction, that was not before the circuit court; and the evidence certified with the record must be considered here as the only evidence before the court below. If, m certifying.a record, a part of the evidence in the case hadbeen omitted, it might be certified in obedience to a certiorari; but, m such a case, it must appear.from the record that the evidence was used or offered to the circuit court. Under the laws of Kentucky, lhe cancellinig of a deed does not re-invest the title in the grantor.

SUPREME COURT.
[Holmes and others v. Trout and others.]
APPEAL from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Kentucky.
In the circuit court, the appellants filed their bill in November 1815,.setting forth a title to ten thousand acres of land derived under an entry made by Edward Voss, on the 11th of October 1783, upon which patents duly issued, and charging that the defendants were in possession of the said lands claimmg title under entries made subsequent to that of Edward Voss. The bill prayed a discovery, that the defendants may be decreed to convey to the complainants their respective claims, -to render possession of the land withheld, and for other and further relief.
After various proceedings in the case, by amended bills and otherwise, from 1815, the circuit court, at May term 1829, gave the following opimon and decree
The complainants state in their bill that "Edmund Voss, on the 11th day of October 1783, made, with the surveyor of the proper county, the following location. Edward Voss enters ten thousand acres by virtue of two treasury warrants, Nos. 8991 and 8990, beginnig at the north west comer of Patton's eight thousand four hundred acres survey; thence, with Allen's line, westwardly to the river, and. along Roberts's line on the east for quantity; also, five thousand acres by virtue of treasury warrant, No. 8989, beginning at the south west comer of Patton's eight thousand four hundred acres survey, then westwardly with Patton, Pope and Thomas's survey; thence up the river, and-on Patton's line on the east, for quantity." That surveys having been duly executed on said entries, the same were assigned to a certain Peyton Short, to whom patents were issued bearing date the 12th and 14th days of March 1790; that, on the 10th day of December 1796, Short conveyed to John Holmes, by deed, his whole claim to the land in controversy, but that, by contract, it is.now jointly held by the said Holmes and the other complainants; and that the above deed is held for their joint benefit. The complainants further state that conflicting entries have been made by different persons since taeir location on the same land, and elder patents -obtained; and they pray that a conveyance may be decreed to them on the ground of their prior equity. In their answers,

JANUARY TERM 1833.

[Holmes and others v. Trout and others.]

the defendants deny the equity set forth in the complainants' bill, and, having the elder legaltitle founded upon valid entries

and surveys, they pray that the bill may be dismissed. Since the commencement of the present term, the coniplamants havc

filed an amended bill, stating that the whole of the land in contest was purchased for the use and benefit of Holmes, Slater, Caton and: Omealy; and that, subsequently, by the consent of Caton and Slater, Omealy became their trustee, that an agreement was entered into between the complainants

and a certain John Breckenridge deceased, by which he undertook to render certain services, for-which he was to have

one moiety of the land, that the original deed to Holmes, never,

having been recorded, was handed to said Breckdnridge, with other papers relating to the. business, and with directions to

Short to make a deed to the complainants and Breckenridge; that the said Breckenridge.was in possession of the deed to

Holmes, and authorized to receive a conveyance from Short to himself; and the complainants agreed with Short'to cancel the

deed to Holmes, which was done by delivering it to Short, who cancelled it by erasing his name, and a new deed was .made

by him to Breckenridge, and to William Omealy as trustee for John Holmes and William Slater, and to Hugh Thompson,

as trustee for Richard Caton, bearing date 21st day of September 1804. The amended bill further states-that Breckenridge departed this life in 1806, before his part of the contract

was performed, and that a bill was filed against his heirs by the complainants for a re-conveyance of the land; that, on the final hearing of this case, the court decreed that as Breckenridge had but m part performed his contract, the deed should

be cancelled as to all the lands within two adverse claims, to

wit: that of the defendant-Howard and

Williams or

Brown, ad the complainants were decreed to convey to Breckenridge's heirs one moiety outside of these claims; in pursuance

of this decree, deeds were executed. The complainants state that the whole of the land in controversy is included in John

Howard's claim, under.which the defendants claim,, and is referred to in the deed from Breckenridge's heirs -tothem': and. that, since the date of such ded,.the equitable title has been vested in them. To the 4mended bill. .TerermaJ:Tmut,'Maniel

SUPREME COURT
[Holmes and others v. Trout and others.]
Trout, William Buchannan, Jacob Overpeck, John Moreland, Walter A. Moreland and William Moreland, defendants, answer, that they, with those under whom they claun, have been in the actual occupancy and peaceable possession of all the land claimed by them, in their former answers, for upwards of twenty years before the filing of the amended bill, and they deny the statements contained in it. On filing the amended bill, the parties agreed that the suit shoqld progress in the names of the parties to the record, and that 'no advantage should be taken on account of the death of either of the parties since the pendency of the suit; and that the decree should be as valid as if the heirs of any such party were before the court. Itwas also agreed that John Howard entered on the land in controversy, by virtue of his claim of seven thousand nine hundred and forty-five and a half acres, by his tenants, and within the claim of C. Clarke; that the entry was within the boundary of said Clarke, and that Howard's claim wholly covered the claim of Clarke, that this entry was made m the year 1804, and continued, without interruption, adverse to the claun of Voss and Short, set up by the complainants, until thb year 1813,.when Howard, in an action of ejectment, by virtue of Clarke's claim, was evicted, and possession taken by William Moreland, deceased, a purchaser from Clarke; and that such possession was continued by said Moreland until his death, and that his devisees have remained in the possession adverse to the complainants ever since. It was admitted that Danel Trout, deceased, in the year 1808, purchased the claim of Danel and Hite's six hundred acres within the tract claimed by complainants, and, at that time, by his two sons, Danel and Jeremiah, entered into the'possession, which is still continued; that the defendants, Overpeck and Buchannan, in the year 1818, entered into the possession of the above tract, under the said Danel and Jeremiah, and have resided on it until the present time; all of whose possessions are adverse to the complainants. The grant to Danel and Hite is admitted to be elcer in date than Howad's or any other interfering claim; Clarke's grant is elder than Howard's, and Short's bears date after Howard's. As the defendants possess the elder grant, the complainan:s must rely on their prior equity, and, .o show

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Holmes and others v. Trout and others.]
this, they endeavour to sustain the entry of Voss, under which they claim. This entry calls to begin at the north.west comer of Patton's eight thousand four hundred acres- survey, and for Allen and Roberts line. Patton's entry was made on the 26th December 1782, for eight thousand four hundred acres, upon a treasury warrant, No. 12,311, about two miles up the first branch above the Eighteen Mile creek, begmmng at a. tree marked J. P., to run north five miles, then to extend off at right angles for .quantity this entry was surveyed on the 20th September 1783, and .calls to begin, at a mulberry, elnand sugar tree, marked J. P., standing on the bank of the first large creek running into the Ohio aoove the Eighteen Mile creek, two miles up the said creek. On the 11th October 1783, John Allen entered one thousand acres, part of a treasury warrant, No. 14,198, begmning at the north west"comer of Patton's eight thousand four hundred acres survey, and running with his line south two hundred and fifty poles, thence down the creek on both sides westwardly for quantity, to be laid off in one or more surveys. Roberts's entry was made on the 26th December 1782, the same day Patton's entry was made. It is argued by the counsel for the defendants, that Patton's entry, on which Voss's entry depends, is void for want of certainty and notoriety in its.calls. The depositions of several. witnesses have been read'to sustain this entry. William Menwether swears that Eighteen Mile creek was known previous tn the year 1782, and that Patton's creek is the first one runnmg into tb v Ohio above Eighteen Mile creek, except Bell's. spring branch, which is not much more than a-mile in length'; that Patton's creek was so called'from the time the above entry was made, and was generally pretty well known by that name as early as October 1783. He does not recollect the year he became acquainted with the tree marked .J. P., but he thinks, within a year or two after the entry was made, he was at the tree, about two miles up Patton's creek, lacking forty poles, in company -with persons who were about purchasing Patton's .entry. The letters J. P were very large, and marked on a
mulberry tree standing near the creek;- that Patton: informed him of the entryshortly after it was made, and that he had marked;the tree, and run nne. of the lines before theiutry was

SUPREME COURT.
[Holmes and others v. Trout and others.]
made. He states that, from the appearance of the tree, he has no doubt of its having been marked at the time as represented by Patton. He further states, he thinks it would be almost impossible for any person to have searched for the tree without inding it, after finding the beginning comer of Patton's entry and survey, it would not be difficult, he states, for a subsequent locator to find Ihe north west corner by tracing the line, that he has traced this line several times to the corner, on the top of a hill at a sugar tree and two ashes, which were plainly marked. At the beginning comer of Patton's survey, the witness states'there was an appeaiance of a large encampmelit, and several trees were marked, some with the letters . P., and others with the initials of his own name; and that the trees about the place were much chopped. Benjamin Roberts states that he believes Eighteen Mile creek has been generally known since the year 1780, and that he saw it in 1783, that Patton's creek is the first one of any notoriety running into the Ohio above the Eighteen Mile creek: and itwas generally known by that name in the spring of the year 1783. He thinks that a good woodsman, by searching up the creek agreeably to the calls of Patton's entry, could have found his beginning corner. Joseph Saunders states that he knew Eighteen Mile creek in June 1780; that Patton's creek is the first creek of any note above Eighteen Mile creek, and its name was derived from the entry of Patton. He states that, in May 1783, Patton showed him a mulberry tree marked J. P standig on the bank of Patton's creek, about two miles from the mouth, and said it was his beginning comer; the letters J. P. were large, and appeared to have been marked with.a tomahawk; and the witness thinks the tree might have been found by any one searching for it. Several other witnesses were acquainted with Patton's entry at an early period, and with its principal calls, but not until some years after it was made. No doubt can exist'that the Eighteen Mile creek-was notorious at the time the entry was made, and that the branch called for is the one known by the name of Patton's creek; between this creek and the Eighteen Mile creek there are one or two small branches, neither of which could be taken for.the call in the entry- but it is objected to the entry, that the call, "about

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Holmes ad others v..Trout and othersj
two miles up the first branch," is not sufficiently definite to direct a subsequent locator to the marked tree; that the side of the creek on winch this tree stands is not designated, nor its distance from the creek; and that, by actual measurement on a straight line from the iliouth of the creek, the distance to the tree falls forty poles short of two miles. It is also contended, by the calls of the entry, it would seem to have been the intention of the locator that the body of the land should be about two miles up the creek rather than that point should constitute Ins beginning comer. This objection seems not to be well taken, the words of the entry are, James Patton enters eight thousand, four ihundred acres, &c. about two miles up the first branch above the Eighteen Mile creek, begmmng at a tree marked J. P., and .no one, it is believed, could mistake these calls, or hesitate to. conclude that the tree marked was the beginning comer: from this comer the entry calls to run five miles north, &c. The rule wnch governs in the construction of entries has been long fixed, and if this were not the case, it would obviously result from circunistances. Entries were made atan early day, by individuals who were more acquainted with the stratagems of savage warfare than the precision of language. They were better hunters than critics:- entres must be construed by the popular signification of the words used, rather than by the grammatical arrangement of sentences. If the intention of the locator can be satisfaetorily ascertamed from the calls of his entry, it must be sustained. The call to run up the creek, in popular signification, directs the inquirer to follow the stream: as the Eighteen Mile creek is below Patton's creek, any person beginning his search at that point for the marked tree, would trace the Ohio to Patton's creek, and would naturally seek for the marked treer on the lower side, about two miles from its mouth, but it would not be unreasonable to require a search on both sides of the creek. Thur search would somewhat increase the labour of a subsequent locatpr, but it would scarcely lessen tile probability of finding the object. No witness saw the tree-when it was marked, but Menwether saw itone or two years afterwards; and, from the appearance of the letters J. P., he seems to have no aoubt that they were made at the tune Patton represented them to have
VOL. VII.-X

SUPREME COURT.
[Efolmes and others v. Trout nd others.]
been made. Saunders saw these letters in 1783, and the tree was pointed out to. him by Patton, as irs beginning comerthis was within five months after the entry was made, and several months before the entry of Voss. 'Several witnesses state that the beginning of Patton's entry could be found by observing its dscnptive calls. The variation of forty poles, on a straight line, from the distance called for in the entry, is not considered very material. The circumstances under which this entry was made, would authorize no one to expect greater accuracy" forty poles more or less than the exact distance of two miles, is a sufciently limited rango for a subsequent locator. Under all the facts established, the court are of opinion that the entry of Patton is shown to possess all the requisites of a valid entry.- this entry was surveyed on the 20th of September 1783, twenty days before the entry of Voss. Voss's entry calls for the survey of Patton, though it does not appear at that time to have been recorded, the north west comer of this survey, which is the beginning called for in Voss's entry. could easily be found by tracing the line from .Patton's beginning comer; an variation in the length of this line, from the calls of the entry, cannot be material as to the defendants' entry, as the distance is controlled by the marmed comer proved to have been made. The other calls in the entry of Voss are believed to oe sufficiently certain to enable .the holder of a warrant to locate the adjacent land, and that is a substantial compliance with the requisitions of the land law.
The other entry of Voss for five thousand acres, which calls to begin at the south west corner of Patton's eight thousand four hundred acre survey, contains all the requisites of a valid entry. To show a title from the patentee, a deed, bearIng date the 10th day of December 1796, from hun to John Holmes for thirteen thousand five hundred acres, is given in evidence. The signatmu of the grantor in this deed has been erased, apparently with the view of cancelling it, but it is contended that, if such an inference can arse from the erasure, that it does not re-invest the fee in the grantor, that this can only be done by the solemnities of a deed duly executed. One of the subscribing witnesses to this deed, whoso deposition is introduced to prove its execution, states that he waf written

JANUARY TERM 1833.
rHolmes and otners v. Trout and others.]
to by Short, to endeavour to make sales of the land for him, that, upon being told by Holmes what was the best he could do with it, the witness advised him to sell it. 6nd told him that he thought Short Would be satisfied, and the witness understood the land was sold. The witness states that, from his letter book, this deed appears to have been forwarded by hun to Holmes, on the 3Bd of January 1797. A letter from Short to Holmes, dated 29th September 1794, in which he proposes to sell the lands at a certain price, is read m evidence. This letter, however, treats Holmes as an agent to sell the land, and not in the light of a purchaser. An obligation signed by Short, dated 10th December 1796, isalso in evidence. In this obligation, Short states that he "has executed a deed to Holmes, of that date, for two cprtam tracts of land, containing thirteen thousand five hundred acres, which said deed is deposited in the hands of-W Morton of Lexington, and that, should Holmes be dissatisfied with the warranty given m said deed, and it is not in pursuance of the meaning and iztention of the aboveletter, he agrees to enter into such an instrument of writing. From the whole of this evidence, it would seem to authoize the conclusion that the deed executed t. Holmes was only designed to enable him to sell and make titles to the lands for the benefit of Short but, if any doubt remained on the subject, it is removed by a subsequent deed executed by Short for the same lands, to Holmes and others, without any reference to the former deed, and by the amended bill of the
complainants, who state that.the first deed was cancelled-by agreement between Breckenridge and Short, and that they claim title under the one subsequently executed. The first deed, though absolute upon its face, was intended to make H6lmes a trustee ir the use of Short. and the court can have no difficulty, under the circumstances, in considering it a nullity so far as it relates to the present controversy this deed has never been recorded, nor does it seem to have been treated by the parties as'a valid instrumerit. There is no satisfactory proof of its delivery. From all the facts, it appears most probable, that it was forwarded to Breckenridge by Caton or some other person, and that it Nwas never in the possession of Holmes, or intended to be delivered tohiin. By a letter, dated 13th of

SUPREME COURT.
(Holmes and others v. Trout and othersl
January 1803, Holmes, by his trustee Omealy, requested W, Morton to surrender the deed to Breckenridge, who was authorized to receive a conveyance of the land from Short. The complainants must rely upon their conveyance from Short, dated 21st day of September 1804. This deed conveys to John Omealy, trustee for John Holmes'and William Slater, and to H. Thompson, trustee of Richard Caton, and to John Breckenridge, the tracts of land let forth m the bill.
From. the amended bill it appears that Breckenrindge was entitled to -one moiety of the entire clain as a compensation for certain services to be rendered by him, that he died before the services were completed, and that the complainants'filed their bill against his heirs, and obtained a decree that cancelled the deed to certain parts of the land, which, in pursuance of such decree, were conveyed by the heirs of Breckenridge to the complainants. A question is here made by the defendants' counsel, whether the title set up by the complainants, in their amended bill, being different from that stated in the original bill, is not in fact the commencement of a new suit, and, consequently, gives to the defendants a right -to insist on the statute of limitations in bar to the complainants' right of recovery. If such shall be the effect of the title set forth in the amended bill, it is agreed between the parties that advantage may be taken of it. In the'first bill filed, the title is stated to have been derived from Short, the patentee to Holmes, with whom contracts were made by the other complainants for certain interests in the land. The amended bill sets up a title, by deed, from Short to John Omealy, trustee for John Holmes and William Slater, and to H. Thompson; as trustee for Richard Caton, and to John Breckenridge. Between these den,vations of title m law there is an essential variation, but not m equity. The equitable interests of the parties may be the same under both deeds. in 'the first bill, the complainants state that, although .the title was acquired, and is held by Holmes from Short, yet, by contracts with said Holmes, the estate is their joint property, and that Holmes held it for thalr use such an alteration in this bill, as to state the deed to have been made by Short to the complainaits instead of to Holmes does not-change the complainants' equity, and cannot be con-

JANUARY" TERM 1833.
tHolmes and others v. Trout and others.]
mdered as the institution of a new suit. The case is however different, so far as it 'respects the interest of the complainants under the decree against the heirs of Breckenridge. A-conveyance from them to the complainants of a part of the land conveyed by Short to their ancestor, was decreed on the grouhd that the consideration had, in part, failed. Breckenridge died before the services he agreed to render were fully performed. In the deed to him there was no reservation or condition. It was only by the aid of a court of chancery that the right bf the coiplamants would be established and enforced against d' part of the land, Until the decree which cancelled the deed was pronounced, the"complainants possessed no claim, in law or equity, to the land in question, which could be rendered effective against the clamr- of the defendants. To the decree, therefore, must the complainants look for the origin of their
claim to the land.
This decree was obtained in November 1822, and, for the first time, a claim is set up under it in the amended bill. Under the bgreement of the parties, this part of the bill must be considered as the substitution of a distinct -ight, essentially different from any pretence of claim contained in the first bill, and, consequently, cannot be considered m a more favourable point of view, as to the statute of limitation, than the assertion of the same right m a-bill filed at the present term. It will follow, therefore, that the title to the land conveyed to the complainants, under the decree against the heirs of treckenridge -, so far as it covers the land which has been occupied by the defendants, and those -under whom they claim, adversely to the complainants, for twenty years before the filing of the amended bill, in law and equity, is vested in the defendants. The balance of the tract claimed by the defendants within th6 entry of Voss, must be relinquished to the complainants, as they hold the prior equity. The interfering claims will limit Voss to the calls of his entry, but the surveys are not protracted'in such a manner as to enable the court satifactorily to designate the boundaries of the parties as fixed by this decision. Unless, therefore, the parties, from their local knowledge of the land, shall be able to lay down the in, terferences, it may be necessary to direct a survey.

SUPREME COURT.
[Holmes and others . Troutand others.]
And afterwards, to wit, on a subsequent day of the term and year last aforesaid; to wit, the May term 1829, the court do order and decree that Jonathan Taylor, surveyor of Oldham county, do lay off the land in controversy, by beginning at James Patton's north west comer, designated on the connected plat, and lay down James Allen's entry of one thousand acres, runmng from said comer with patent line, south two hundred and fifty poles, and at rght angles for quantity, and also lay down said entry by running from the base line, so that the lower line will cross Barebone creek the same distance that the base line crosses it from Patton's northwest comer of said Allen, with said lines, parallel to the several courses of the crees, within the said Allen's survey, when so made; and if Barebone will not be included within the survey of Allen, when so made, the survey will be so vaned as to make the creek pass out of the lower end of the survey as near to the point of distance that strikes the upper line as the general course of the stream within the survey will admit, to include both side§ of the stream. That he then lay down John Roberts's entry, by running the first line thereof six miles paral. lil to the general course of the Ohio river, from where a due west line from Patton's comer to the river will strike it, to a point six miles on said river when reduced to a straight line, that he then lay off Voss's entry of ten thousand acres by first running a due west line to the river, and, on the course of Roberts's line, until the quantity of ten thousand acres of land ig obtained, and then the course of Allen's west line, when laid down parallel to Barebone, until it strikes the river, and then up the river, and with the course of Roberts's line as before directed. And that he then ascertain, by metes and bounds, the interference between the complainants' entry, when surveyed in each position, and the defendants' surveys. And the court do further order and direct that the surveyor aforesaid survey and lay down the said claims in any or additional positiolis which either party may direct, and make report to the court, to enable the court to make a final' deree. Afterwards, at May term 1830 of the circuit court, the following final decree was given by the court "The surveyor having made his report in pursuance to the

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Holmes and others v. Trout and others.]
interlocutory decree of this court, the court do decree and order that the defendants, John Moreland, William Moreland, and Walter Moreland, convey to the compiamants, with special warranty, one half or moiety of so much of Christopher Clarke's survey of four hundred acres, as is included within the line designated on the surveyor's report by the letter C, and figure 2, and the original lines of Clarke's survey below or south of said link. And the court do further decree and order that the said defendants and complainants make partition of the same, and that the said Jonathan Taylor, the surveyor, divide and partition the same as nearly equal in quantity and value as is practicable, and that he report to this court, for their approval, the metes and bounds of the moiety allotted to the complainants. And the court do further decree and order that the said defendants, John Moreland, William. Moreland, and Walter Moreland, pay to the complainants their costs herein expended. And the court do decree and order that so much of the bill as seeks redress against the'defendants within the claim of Daniel and Hite, to wit, Daniel Trout, Jeremiah Trout, Jacob Overpeck, and William Buchaunan, be dismissed, and that the complainants pay to them their costs. Aid the court do order and decree that the suit, as to the other defendants named in the bill, be continued."
From this decree the complainants appealed to this court.
The case was argued by Mr Wickliffe, for the appellants, and by Mr Loughborough, for the appellees.
Mr Wickliffe, for the appellants. This is an appeal from a decree of the circuit court of the United States, for the district of Kentucky. The history of the case is accurately detailed in the opinion of the court, so far as that detail is given. The decree recites the entries relied on accurately. They are as follows viz. December 26th, 1782. James Patton enters eight thousand four hundred acres upon treasury warrant No. 12,511, about two miles up the first branch, above the Eighteen Mile creek.

SUPREME COURT.
[Holmes and:others v. Trout and others.]
Beginning at a tree marked J. P and to run north five miles, then to extend off at right angles eastwardly, for quantity.
December 26th, 1782. John Roberts enters ten thousand acres on treasury warrant No. 14,224. Beginning at the upper comer next the river of James Patton's entry of eight thousand four hundred acres, and to run parallel with the river six miles, then off at right angles eastwardly for quantity.
October 17th, 1783. James Allen enters one thousandacres, part of treasury warrant No. 14,198. Beginning at the north west comer of James Pattons eight thousand four hundred acres, survey, and running. with his line south two hundred and fifty poles, thence down the creek on both sides westwardly for quantity. To be laid off in one or more surveys.
October 11th, 1783. Edward Voss enters ten thousand acres by virtue of two treasury warrants Nos. 8991 and 8990. Beginning at the north west comer of Patton's survey of eight thousand four hundred acres; thence with Allen's line westwardly to the river; thence up the river, and along Roberts's line on the east, for. quantity.
Patton's survey bears date the 20th day of September 1783, and calls to begin at a mulberry, elm and sugar tree marked I. P standing on the bank of the first large creek; thence north one thousand six hundred poles, comerng at a sugar tree and two ashes, on the top of a hill, &c.
Of the validity of the entry of Voss, scarcely a rational doubt can be entertained. Patton's survey was, in fact, made before the date of the entries of Allen and Voss, and is most remarkable for its description. It not only gives the beginning given by the entry, and the course of the first line and the comer trees, but describes the comer as standing on "the top of a hill." The court of appeals of Kentucky has in numerous cases decided, that in searching for the survey, the locator is bound to notice the entry on which the survey is founded, viz. Galloway v. Neale, 1 Bibb's Reports, 139; Ward and Kenton v. Lee, 1 Bibb, 27, Johnson v. Marshall, 4 Bibb, 134, Findlay v. Granger, 2 Marshall's Reports, 181, Moore v. Dodd, 1 Marshall, 144, Thubalds v. Fowler, 3 Marshall, 579; Rerpass v. Arnold, Hardin, 116.
The circuit court has reasoned so well on the notoriety and

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Holmes and others v. Trout and others.]
Mclintity of the entry, that it would seem a waste of time to repeat. in substance, what has been said by them. Indeed, it is believed that before a. court acquainted with the rules of decision in Kentucky, a controversy on the validity of Voss's entry would never have been ralsed, but for the opinion of the court of appeals in the case of Merrwether v. Davige, 2 Littel's Reports, 38, where the court decided that the objects called for in Patton's entry had not been established, and that consequenoy, Merriwether, who depended on Roberts, who depended on Patton, must fail against the elder patent of Davige. But a recurrence to the evidence of that case and this, will show an entirely different state of proof. Besides, Voss and Allen call for the surveyas actually made; whereas, Memwether calls merely for the entry, without the aid of the survey
Taking it therefore as granted, that Voss's -entry is fully established, we shall proceed to examine such parts of the controversy as we think require the revisiohi of this court.
The first point we will notice in which we think the court erred, is that in which they decide the complainants have no equity beyond the quantity of eight thousand five hundred acres, because the survey, on its face, purports to contain but that quantity. This error has arisen, it is presumed, from an idea that the survey.purpord" to survey a part, and not the whole entry, and that the balance of the warrant was, or might have been re-surveyed. Upon no other view of the case, can the decree be sustained. A reference to the survey, however, will show that the surveyor purports to survey the entire entry, and the entry purports to locate the entire wan'ants. Both survey and entry recite the Nos. 8990 and 8991, and that in the salne words,-and neither survey nor entry expresses, to appropriate a part of. these warrants. The warrants do, in fact, contain ten thousand acres, and the entry purports to embrace ten thousand acres. The business of~the surveyor was to survey the location according to its locative calls, and he proceeded to -do so, but according to his calculation, the entry only embraced eight thousand five hundred acres of land, and he reports a survey on the entry and warrants as only containing eight thousand five hundred acres, when in fact it embraces more than ten thousand, for which the commonwealth made
VOL, VII.-Y

186

-SUPREME COURT.

[Holmes and others v. Trout and others.1
her grant to Voss. By law all the lands within the bouncds of the grant as marked, passed, and where patent calls differ from the boundary as to quantity, in every case of the klnd from the foundation of the state, the Kentucky courts have held the grant to be good'for the whole quantity embraced by the bounds, and not confined to the quantity expressed in the grant. In the old case of Beckley v. Ransdale, Printed Decisions, 107, the court of appeals of Kentucky assigns unanswerable reasons why the marked boundary, and not the paterit calls, where they differ as to course or distance, shall prevail, to wit: the unevenhaess of grounds, and the mistakes of surveyors. This case, more than any other now remembered, illustrates and verifies what the court there assigns, as good reasons for departing from the face of the patent and adhering to actual boundary. Voss had ten thousand acres of land warrants-he made an entry. on the whole warrants for ten thousand acres, and employed the surveyor to run out his entry The surveyor does so, and reports that owing to the course of the river, there is but eight thousand five hundred acres of land m the entry. Such was the result of his mensuration and his calculations. Voss takes his patent, but when he has a fair calculation made, his entry holds out full ten thousand acres, as likewise does his patent. Now all that is required to suc-
ceed in a land contest zn Kentucky, is, that the complainant show a valid-entry, survey and patent, unless the defendant show an elder special entry. Voss had a valid entry (say the court) for all the land in contest. Voss's survey and patent cover his entry, and all the land in contest. Well, why does he not succeed? Simply because an ignorant surveyor, in making his estimate of the number of acres within the entry, committed the gross error of estimating his survey, containing full ten thousand acres, to contain only eight thousand five hundred. This mistake was not through the fault of Voss or his alienees, nor should it prejudice them. Certainly the defendants cannot complai-their entries are good for nothing, and they surveyed.on the face of Voss's special entry. They were bound to know they were in Voss's special entry, and equally bound to notice that Voss had, by actually meeting and bounding is survey, surveyed them in, by virtue of his entry. Here, we

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Holmes and others v. Trout and others.]
ask, had not Voss a special entry and survey for the land in contest, and has not his alienee, Short, obtained in virtue thereof a patent? The answer must be yes! When this is granted, we hold that Voss has manifested the best equitable right to the whole ten thousand acres in controversy.
The next point to be considered in which we think the court erred, is the manner in which they have directed Allen's land to be laid down. It is a settled principle, of decision in the courts of Kentucky, that wherever the courts can, without doing violence to the other calls of the entry, they will decree it to be surveyed m a rectangular form. Hite v. Harrison, Hughes's Reports, 15; Smith v. Grimes, Hughes's Reports, 18; Kennedy v. Payne, Hardin's Reports, 10; Moore v. Harris, Printed Decisions, 27, Black v. Bolts, 1 Bibb, 96, Pribblq v. Vanhooser, 2 Bibb, 120, and numerous others. Allen calls to begin at Patton's, north %vestcorner of his survey, and run with ns line south two hundred and fiftypoles, thence down the creek westwardly for quantity, &c. Tie definite article has referelice to no creek specified either in Patton's or Allen's entry, and can be supposed to refer to Bare-Bone creek, only because that is found to be crossed by his line of two hundred and fifty poles along Patton's north and south line. The question then arises, is the call to run down the creek on both sides a call of general description or special location? Certainly not the latter. Suppose no other call to have been made than down the creek, where would you attach the entry ! Why, to no creek or place whatsoever. And shall a call of general description, which cannot fix an entry without a special call, govern or control such special call? We say not, and we believe it to be the invariable rule of decision in Kentucky See Swearingen v. Smith, 1 Bibb, 92, Black v. Bolts, 1 Bibb, 96, Burk, &c. v. Toodd, &c., I Bibb, 67, Shannon v. Buford, 2 Bibb, 117, and numberless .others. Where the entry calls to begin at the mouth, head or other point on a stream, and to embrace such stream, there we admit' such stream becomes locative, and no longer merely descriptive, but here Allen makes his entry and has but two locative calls: first Patton's line, and to run south two hundred and fifty poles. Had he stopped here, his entry, according to the case of Lancaster v. Pope, and the case of

SUPREME COURT
[Holmes and others v. Trout asd others.]
Merriwether v. Phillips, 5 Littel's Reports, 182, would have been void for uncertainty, because he did not state Whethel ne would ailgl up or down, east or west. He had fixed his base, and then says, he will run down the creek on both sides. Had he stopped, he might have been supposed to have made the call fbr the creek locitive, but he could but perceive the probability of runnimg north, south, east or west on such a stream, and to explain what he meant, and to govwm his call for the creek, he added "westwardly for quantity."
The courts of Kentucky uniformly make calls for westwardly or southwardly, mean west or south. Bradford v. M Clelland. Hughes, 104, Craig v. Hawkins, 1 Bibb, 53, Clark and Oscar v. Stribbing, 1 Bibb, 122. In this entry west gives right angles to the base line, and every call m the entry locative or descriptive, will, be complied with. The land will lie between parallel lines, and embrace a rectangular form, and lie on both sides of the creek. We think, therefore, the court erred in not adoptihg the line I. B. as the base of Voss's' entry, instead of the line I. A. Indeed, the experimental survey returned m the cause, shows that to make Bare-Bone a locative calli w6uld be to give Allen the most ludicrous figure imaginable-that from the course of the stream, it is inpossible to hypothecate lines parallel to each other, whioh will embrace the stream.
The court itself has abandoned its own decree in gi ing directions how to lay down Allen's survey. As they have at last fixed it, the south boundary cuts the creek, and thelcreek runs from thence nearly south. Now it is mnpos~ible to conceive how the.court can arbitrarily depart from both the creek and west point, .and fix on the p6int 60 W., except.that they found the call to embrace the creek in equal lines unpossible, and that the entry, pursuing the idea that the creek was tobe in the centre, would exhibit an absurd figuie with serpentine lines, to correspond to he serpentine windings of -the stream. In attempting to do which, part of the survey would be west, and a part run south. Supposing it then to be a locative call to run on both sides of the creek from the base of two hundred and fifty-nine poles, what did'the uniform current of decisions in Kentucky declare should be done I Why, that the court should reject the absurd calls, and calls impossible to be

JANUARY-TERM 1833.
[Holmes and nthers v. Trout and others.]
complied with, ana survey the. entry as if they were not in it. See Bosworth v. Maxwell, Hardin's Reports, 209, Pauling v. Memwether's heirs, Hughes. 14. Consilla v. Briscoe, Hughes, 45; Ldnton. v. M'Connell, Hughes, 162, Prebble v. Vanhooser, 2 Bibb, 121, &c. &c. And that would be to run Allen two hundred and fifty poles south, and at fight angles west -for quantijy. Whether therefore we consider the call for. "down the creek" as descriptive or locative, the result will be the same, and a plain practicable mode of surveying both Allen and Voss, presents itself to the mind of every one.
These errors examied, another presents itself, which we hope will appear equally.obvious. It is so much of the decree as gives a moiety, instead of the whole land covered by the complamants' survey and patent. The court have proceeded on the idea that, to enable a party to maintain a bill in equity against an adverse title, the complainant should have a coinplete legal title. This has been repeatedly overruled by the appellate court of Kentucky. All they have required is, that the complainant shall have the entire title either before suit or before final decree. In numerous cases the persons holding the equity have been allowed to sue on an executory contract, their vendors and the adverse climant. All the courts have required is, that the complainant shall show a clear equity to the thing, by grant or bringing his trustee into court. In the old cases of Thompson and Blair, where the complainant showed no pateht, the court of appeals allowed the inferior court to give time to complainant to obtain a grant, and decided that if he did, to decree him the land, and if he did not obtain the patent, to dismiss his bill. As to a legal title 'there can be but one, and defendants had that one. The commonwealth had granted the land to the grantors of the defendants, and the grant to Short conveyed no title whatever. It .was, according to the opinion of this court, in the case of Elmendorf and others v. Taylor and others, 10 Wheat. 152, void, the commonwealth havingpreviously granted all the title held to the fitst patentee. All the reason ever assigned- in Kentucky for the production of the patent, was that the complainant may thereby show-he complied with the law, paid the fees &c., that his equity was permanently fixed to the thing, not *ith-

SUPREME COURT.
[Holmes and others v. Trout and others.]
drawn, or liable to be withdrawn, as is the case after survey an4 patent. The whole reasoning resolves itself into this, that the equitable claimant is he who ought to have the title held by another. Now, Omealy claims to be such. but the defendants allege the deed of Short to Breckenridge-not that it conveyed a legal title, for that was in themselves, but as evidence, the-equitable title as to a moiety was not in complainants. To this complainants reply, Breckenridge's title is an inequitable one. He bought from us, but has failed to pay the consideration. Now, in such a case, what More could the defendants or the court require of complainants, than to show they held the entire equity as they alleged. This they could do in various ways. 1. By making Breckenrdge's heirs parties. 2. By a separate suit (as they have done) get back the deed of the heirs of Breckenridge before trial.
Equity considers that as done, which ought to have been done. The record clearly shows that John Breckenridge had no equitable claim to the land in contest, and that he or his heirs should have released it. Considering that as done which ought to have been done, how stands the caseI The complainants, who allege themselves to-be the entire owners of the equity growing out of Voss's entiy, sue the defendants for the whole, and not a moiety, and on the trial not only show that they were purchasers of the equity from Short, and that Breckenridge was their mere agent to be rewarded with part of the land, but also produce the release of Breckenridge's heirs. Suppose Breckenridge's heirs had been made parties, and no release by them executed until the final decree, surely no doubt could eiist as to the complainants' clain to a decree against defendants. Can equity nake a distinction between such a case, and the one before the court I
'Should the court, however, consider the complainants as only acquiring an equity on the 25th day of May 1826, when the deed of release was executed to them by Breckenridge's heirs, then according to no principle can the complainants be barred by time. Those claiming under Hite and Daniel did not settle until 1808, Howard did not settle until 1804, and when Howard entered, the complainants resided out of the state. Of course, according -to a well settled principle of law,

JANUARY TEIM 1833.
Efolmes and others v. Trout and others.]
the statute did not begin co rnu util they all came into this state. See 2 Digest of the Statutes of Kentucky, 861, and Graves v. Graves, executors, 2 Bibb's Reports, 207. John Breckenndge is admitted to have died in 1806 or 1807, leaving his children all minors except one, and that a feme covert, and one of them, William Breckenudge, only three years old. As the seven years act could not run against their equity until all became of age, and William -did not until 1824, this time,, by the direction of this act, must be deducted. See 2 Digest of the Statutes of Kentucky, 806, May's Heirs v. Bennet, 4 Littel's Reports, 311, Kennedy's Heirs v. Duncan, Hardin's Reports, 365. This act went into operation in 1816, and has no relation to the possession before John Breckenndge's death.
As the complhinants acquired the deed m-1826, and filed their amended bill in 1829, alleging that fact, the seven years act must be thrown out of the question. Our suit for the whole land was depending, and the entire title set up in the yeat 1815. Now suppose the papers that relate to the controversy with Breckenridge, not to manifest the. complainants' equity prior to the- decree in their favour. That decree was made in-1822, within eighteen years after Howard's entry on the land, and within fourteen years after the entry of Trout under Danel and Hite. As we alleged an entire equity, surely all the court can require of us is to show, before the twenty years had run, the evidence of that equity The papers fied as exhibits were read without objection, as was the depo. sition of Moreton. The papers and letters show the original nature of our clam,, and Moreton's deposition shows that it was taken in the suit of complainants against Breckenridge's heirs in the year 1816, -and the decree is entered in 1822, settling the equity in the property to be in the complainants, and a release is produced before the hearing of the cause.
It is thererore contended that the honourable the circuit court
erred. 1. In limiting the recovery to eight thousand five hundred acres of land. 2. In the manner in which they directed Allen's entry to be surveyed. 3. In deciding thaf as to a; moiety of complainants' equity, they were barred by the statute of limitation of twenty years.

SUPREME COURT.
[Holmes and others v. Trout and others.]
Mr Loughborough, for the appellees. This is a case of conflicting land claims. The bill of Holmes and others, filed November 23, 1815, sets up title as follows, viz. Edward Voss's entry for ten thousand acres, October 11, '1783. Survey of eight thousand five hundred acres of said entry, February 16, 1789. Assigpment of certificate of survey to P Short, and patent to him of March 16, 1790. Conveyance by Short to Holmes, December 10, 1796, a]leged to'be for the benefit of the other complainants. The~bill alleges that the defendants are in possession of the land under illegal entries, surveys and patents, and prays that they may be compelled to surrender the land, and release' their claims. The defendants, Daniel and Jeremiah Trout, Jacob Overpeck and William Buchannan, severally answer and show title under a grant older than complainants' survey and patent, issued to Daniel and Hite for six hundred acres. The defendants, the -Morelfands, jointly answering, show title under a grant to Christopher Clarke for four hundred and fifty acres, also older than the survey and patent upon which .complainants rely. The defendants also say, that- although the boundaries of complainants' survey of eight thousand five hundred acres as made, do include their possessions, yet that it was illegally made to include too much land, and that a survey made to begin at the beginning corner of Voss's entry, will give complainants the quantity of eight thousand five hundred acres named in their patent, without interfering with the defendants. In May 1829 the complainants filed an amended bill, setting fprth, that hating engaged John Breckenridge to investigate their claims in Kentucky for one moiety thereof, they gave him the deed of December 10, 1796, from Short, which was cancelled, and anew deed taken from Short, dated September 21,1804, to complainants and Breckenridge in equal moieties that the title tQ the moiety of the land in controversy, vested in Breckenridge by the last aforesaid deed, has been reconveyed

JANUARY TERM 1833.
.Holmes and others v. Trout and others.]
to the complainants under decree of court of June 16, 1824,.the deea of the commissioner bearing date May 23, 1826.
To this amendment the defendants respond, that they have been in the adverse possession of the land twenty years previous to its.being filed, and rely upon the bar by lapse of time.
The court decreed the entry under which complainants claimed a valid one-that. they were entitled to eight thousand five hundred acres, the quantity named m their survey and patent, and that the defence, resting upon twenty years adverse possession by the defendants, -wasa bar to so much of the right asserted by the complainants, as was derived to them from Breckenridge's heirs.
A survey-having been made under order of court, it appeared therefrom that complainants' eight thousand five -hundred acres being surveyed from the beginning of Voss's entry, running with the calls thereof, the defendants D. and J. Tiout, Overpeck and Buchannan, were not included therein, but the Morelands were. The bill was therefore dismissed as to the first named defendants, and the Morelands decreed to surrender one half of their land.
The complainants, not satisfied, have appealed.
For the appellees, it will, in the first place, be contended, that the entry of Voss is invalid.
This entry calls to begin at the north west corner of Patton's survey of eight thousand four hundred acres, without any general description, leading a subsequent locator into the neighbourhood of the land intended to be appropriated, and
without showing where Patton's.survey is to be found. It is, in this respect, defective. See Matson v. Hord, 1Wheat. 130; Johnson v Pannel's Hdirs, 2 Wheat. 206., M'Dowell v. Peyton etal., 10 Wheat. 454, 1 Bibb, 22, 122, 2 Bibb, 107, 142.
Patton's survey was made 20th September 1783, on an entry dated 26th December 1782. As the entry of Voss depends upon Patton's entry, in the absence of any proof of the identity and notoriety of the lines and comers of Pattod's survey, it'is incumbent upon the complainants to establish the latter entry.
In Meurwether v. Davidge, 2 Littel, 38, the court of appeals of Kentucky held this entry of Patton mvalid.
The descriptive calls of- this entry are -not shown to have VOL. II.-Z

SUPREME COURT
[Holnes and others v. Trout and others.]
been sufficient, at the time it was made, to lead a subsequent locator into the neighbourhood of the lpmd.
The proof is not sufficient to show, that the marked tree claimed as the beginning of Patton's entry, was m fact marked before or at the time of making the qhtry. The legal right of the defendants should not be made to yield to a doubtful equity. The court will require the prior equity to be unquestionablestablished. Cleland's Heirs v. Gray, 1 Bibb, 35.
The only witness whose testirony approaches to proof on this point is Merriwether, who was interested in the establishment of this entry in the state cqiirt. A year or two after the entry was made, he saw a marked tree that might answer for the begimng of Patton's entry, and which tree, he supposed, was the same that Patton said he had marked as his beginning-for Patton was not in company with him. From the appearance of the tree his opznzon was, that it was marked as early as the date of the entry
Sanders says, that in May 1783, Patton showed him a mulberry tree marked plainly with the letters J. P and told him it was the beginning corner of his entry. Other persons were in company with Merriwether, whose testimony is not taken.
From the present existence of artificial objects, then" existence at the date of an entry cannot be presumed. 3 Bibb, 126, 4 Bibb, 158. See a case of an entiy held invalid upon proof like this, in Humphievs v. Lewis, 4 Monroe, 337, also Miller's Heirs v. Haw's Heirs, Hardin, 30.
Patton's entry does not state what species of tree was marked, nor on what side of the creek it is, nor how far from it. The beginning claimed is forty poles short of two miles from the mouth of the creek. The locative calls are too indefinite, when we consider the nature of the object assumed as the beginning-a tree in the forest. Full proof of the identity of this tree, and that it could, at the date of the entry, be identified by others, is essential. Such proof is not here.
The call "about two miles up the branch," though it might perhaps be sufficient in a case where the object at the termination of the distance is unusual or conspicuous-such us will arrest the attention of a woodsman-will not be deemed-,good in this case. Throw out the word "about" and an exte~isve

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Holmes and others v. Trout and others.)
circuit of forest would have to be minutely searched to find a marked tree forty poles from the termination of a two mile line.
This court will look into the case of Mernwether v. Davidge, 2 Littel, 38.
If the entry of Patton shall be established, we next come to ihat of Voss, immediately in controversy.
This calls for the north west comer of Patton's survey of eight thousand four hundred acres, which survey was made September 20, 1783, only twenty days before the entry of Voss.
Patton's survey was not of record, and therefore no notice to subsequent locttors. Key v. Matson, Hardin, 70; Elmendorff v. Taylor, 10 Wheat. 152, Carson v. Hanway, 3 Bibb, 160.
Making a survey is not an act of notoriety m the country, and locators who adopt surveys as the foundations of their claims, must-prove that they could have been found with reasonable inquiry. 1 Bibb, 7, 35, 39, 63, 139; 2 Bibb, 113, 135.
There is no proof in this cause, that at the time of Voss~s entry t!e lines and-corners of Patton's su vey were marked at all, much less that they were subjects of general reputation and notqnety. They shodld have been notorious. 1 Bibb, 39 and 1373 and cases there cited, 1 Monroe, 63, Howard v. Todd, 1 Marshall, 275; Moore v. Dodd, 1 Marshall, 144, Hardin, 89, 112, 177.
No witness is produced who was present at the making ofthe survey, or who, at any time previous to the entry of Voss, had seen the north west comer of Patton, or had traced any of .is lines.
As the survey existed only m the field notes of the surveyor, what was there to teach a subsequent locator, that the comer called'for by Voss, was five miles north of Patton's beginning, or any where in that vicinityQ It would be rash to presume that the survey conformed exactly to the entry. (See Ward
and Kenton v. Lee, 1 Bibb, 18.) Such was not the fact bere. The connected plat shows that the north west comer of Patton, as supposed and erroneously assumed upon the evidence by the court below to have been marked at the time of the

SUPREME COURT.
[Holmes and others v. Trout and others.I
survey, is in truth near half a mile more than five miles from his beginning. Surveys very often vary from the entries.
When an unrecorded survey is notorious at the time, both as to its calls and its poiition, it may answer the calls of an entry. Seay's Heirs v. Walton, 5 Monroe, 368.
An entry calling for the lines of a survey, neither recorded nor notorious, is invalid, although-the claim on which the survey was made, was notorious. Findlay v. Granger, 2 Mar. 179.
An entry calling for a survey cannot be sustained, unless the boundaries of the survey are shown, showing the entry on which the survey was made is not enough. Clay v. M'Kinney, 3 Mar. 570; see also Bulor's Heirs v. M'Cawley, 3 Mar. 573, Theobald v Fowler, 3 Mar. 577, 3 Marshall, 190.
A survey only.a few days old and not notorious, can only uphold an'appendant entry by being conformable to a certain and precise entry. Johnson v. Marshall, 4 Bibb, 133. Patton's survey is not conformable to his entry.
But if the enti y of Voss shall be deemed valid, how do the complainants show their title under the patent issued to Short thereon I
The deed of December 10, 1796; set forth in the original bill, is a nullity. When offered in evidence, the signature of the grantor was erased. It was never recorded, nor was there any proof offered competent to show its execution by Short. The deposition of William Moreton, in the record, was taken between other parties, to be used in suits to which these defendants were strangers. It cannot be evidence in this case. So also of the letters copied into the record.
The original bill, and the proceedings under it, show no title in the complainants, except in virtue of the deed of 1804-if it shall be considered that that d( 3d is relied on in the original bill. It does not appear to have been. The complainants say that Short conveyed his land to John Holmes-not to the complainants and Breckenndge jointly. It is true the deed of 1804.1s filed with the original bill, but the tide alleged is not derived threugh that deed.
The whole tenor of the original bill is. that the complainants

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Holmes and others v. Trout and others.]
are entitled to all the lands of Short. They do not admit a participation of the title with them by any one. Why- was
this?. If they relied upon the last deed, then it would appear that
proper parties were not before the,court, and the title could not be asserted. until they were. Russel v. Clark's executors, 2 Cond. Rep. 417, Mallow et al. v. Hinde, 12 Wheat. 193, West v. Randall, 2 Mason, 181, Fallowes v. Williamson, 11 Vesey, 806 16 Vesey, 325, 6 Jobns. Ch. Cas. 450; 3 Bro. Ch: .Rep. 229 2 Vesey, Sen. 312, 4 Johns. Ch. Rep. 199.
Further, the heirs of Breckenndge are citizens of Kentucky, ahd the court below could have no jurisdiction of the suit, if they were joined with the complainants. Strawbridge v. Curtis, 3 Cranch, 267, Ward v. Arredondo et al., 1 Paine, 410; Corporation of New. Orleans v. Winter, 1 Wheat. 94.
In Elmendoif v Taylor, 10 Wheat. 152, when -this ohjection was made, ;he court overruled it, because the persons not joined, and alleged to be tenants- in common with complainants, were entitled to one-fourth part, not of the whole land sued for,'but of a specifically described portion of it-wich may, or may not, interfere with the land claimed by defendants Here the interest of the heirs of Breckenridge, under the deed of 1804, is a moiety, undivided, of all the lands named in the 'deed.
In their amended bill, the complainants abandon the claim of title under Short's first deed- and say that it was cancelled, but that. Short executed a new deed to them and Brecken.idge-and that the interest of the heirs of Breckenridge has
been acquired by them under decree. This bill, it is insisted, was introductory of a new and dis-
tinct title into the suit, or rather it was the first assertion of any title. Previous to its being filed, there was no legal evidence of title in the complamants. They change their ground altogether in it.
The defendants'might have resisted the filing of the amended bill. In I Gallison, 123, it is held that an amendment will not be allowed to Introduce a new cause of suit, against which the statute of limitations has run. See also Cox v. Lacey, 3 Littel, 384, May's Heirs v. Hill, 5 Littel, 308, Elliott v. Vo-

SUPREME COURT
[Holmes and others v. Trout and others.)
hannon, 5 Monroe, 123, Currie v. Tibb's Heirs, 5 Monroe, 440; Dudley v. Grayson, 5 Monroe, 260. These are cases at law, but the principle is the same in chancery.
Defendants, however, agreed that the amendment might be filed upon condition that if it should be found introductive of a new title, they should have a right to insist on the defence by
lapse of time. It is contended that the complainants do not, by the amend-
ed bill and the exhibits, show themselves invested with the title to the land in controversy.
Short, in 1796, had conveyed his land to Holmes. The deed, although not recorded, passed the title between the parties, and though not proved so as to be valid against the defendants, yet they may avail themselves of the admissions of the complainants, that it was executed and accepted by the grantee. Did the erasure of Short's signature to this deed, revest the title in him, so as to enable him to make the deed of 1804? The title being in Holmes, under the first deed, Short could only obtain it by a reconveyance. But none is exhibited. Neither is there any competent proof in this cause of any facts or circumstances equivalent in equity to a reconveyance to Short. Nor is there any thing properly to be regarded by this court, which can show Holmes to have been the trustee for the other complainants.
It is objected to the deed of the commissioner under the decree against the heirs of Breckenridge
1. That R. I. Breckenridge who made it was not authorized so to do. He was not appointed commissioner by the court to convey- as attorney or guardian ad litem, for his co-heirs, he could not make the deed.
2. The.deed was defective m form and substance. The grantor is R. L Breckenridge, not as commissioner.
-3. It does not appear to have been approved or confirmed by the court.
The defendants rely upon adverse possession, and the important questions are, shall they have up to the period of filing the amended bill for the computation of time for a bar and whether, if they shah, the bar shall be of the moiety or totality of the right asserted in the amended bill. The court below

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Holines and others v. Trout and others.]
has responded to the first question in the affirmative, but has limited the bar to the right derived from Br~ckenridge's heirs. As the complainants now seek more and against other defendants, it is contended for the defendants that the whole right should be barred. Will the institution of a suit for land by a person having no right, stop the running of the statute, which equity adopts, until he can get a title Q Whether these complainants, having no right to the land held by the defendants under the grants of Clarke and Hite which they can assert in the circuit court, may yet file a bill, and years afterwards acquire a title to be engrafted in the suit, and have relation back to its o 2ng
That the amended bill shall not relate to the beginning of the suit. See Taylor v. Floyd, 3 Mer. 18, Miller v. MIntyre, 6 Peters, 61, Sicard v. Davis, 6 Peters, 124.
Breckenridge died in 1806 or 1807, after adverse possession taken of the land in Clarke's grant held by the Morelands. The descent upon the infant heirs did not stop the running of the statute. Walden v. Gratz, 1 Wheat. 292, 3 Cond. Rep. 570.
That this possession was held at different times under various rights, is no objection, they were all adverse. Shannon v. Kinney, 1 Mar. 4, Hord v. Walton, 2 Mar. 621, Alexander v. Pendleton, 8 Cranch, 462.
As to extent of possession by junior patentee within interference. See Fox v. Hinton, 4 Bibb; Sicard v. Davis, 6 Peters, 139.
Complainants cannot avail themselves of any privilege of the infant heirs of Breckenridge, supposing that these had any, opposed to the running of the statute. An infant cannot trangfer his protection in virtue of the saving clause of the act of limitations. It is personal. May's Hens v. Slaughter, 3
Mar. 505. In a joint estate to several persons, if the right of entry is
tolled as to some, all are barred. Dickey v. Armstrong, 1 Mar. 39; Smith v. Carney, 1 Littel, 296, Floyd's Heirs v. Johnson, 2 Littel, 109.
But by the act of Kentucky, January 22, 1814, the time allowed infants after the removal of their disabilities to make

SUPREME COURT.
[Holz.Rand others v. Trout and others.]
entry or bring suit had elapsed, as to all the heirs of Breckenridge before the deed to the complainants conveying their right, and the filing of the amended-bill. That act gives three years after amving of age. See Clay's Heirs v. Miller, 3 Mar. 147. That one of the heirs became a feme covert, will not avail to save the right. Disabilities cannot be added to each other, besides she was for a period discovert. 1 Mar.375.
Allen's entry is laid down correctly by the court below. It is not such an entry as can properly be surveyed m a rectangle. The call "1down the creek on both sides" cannot be.rejected, and as the general course of the creek is not west, the side lines of the entry cannot be at right angles to the base.
"Westwardly" in an entry is not synonymous with west. Craig v. Hawkin's Heirs, 1 Bibb, 53, Hughes, 18, 104.
A base line being given by-the entry, the word "wesLwardly" serves only to show on which side of that base the entry shall lie. 1 Bibb, 53.
"Westwardly" is an indefinite call. Hendricks v. Bell, 1 Bibb, 138, 122, 2 Bibb, 120.
" Down the creek on both sides" is a definite call. Definite calls cannot be controlled by indefinite ones. Calk v. Stribling, 1 Bibb, 122. Certain and definite calls control indefinite calls, rendered certain by rules of construction. 2 Bibb, 622, 627, 4 Bibb, 161, 1 Mar. 608. The words westwardly, northwardly, &c. have never been construed as west, north, &c. except where there was no other call in the entry to give it figure or certainty. 1 Bibb, 53. Here it is not so. Kincaid v. Taylor, 2 Bibb, 122, is authority to show that this entry is correctly laid down, the word "westwardly" being flexible. Allen v. Blanton, 2 Bibb, 523, Carland v. Rowland, 3 Bibb, 127 An entry should be viewed in all its parts as an entire instrument, thereby to give to each expression its proper bearing and effect. Baker v. Hardin, 3 Bibb, 414. There is no repulgnance in the calls of Allen's entry" all of them have been regarded in the survey directed by the court below Complainants' survey and patent specify the quantity of

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Holmes and others v. Tront and others.]
land at eight thousand five hundred acres, and the decree of the court below has given them. that quantity. Yet they msist that they are entitled to ten thousand acres.
No case has been found in which a complainant in equity against an older grant has been allowed more land than the quantity called for in Ins patent, actually surveyed under order of court. For every acre of land held by a defendant in virtue of a prior legal title, the complainant must show before he can obtain it, first, a prior valid equity, secondly, a jumior legal title.
An entry not surveyed, nor carried into grant, cannot be made the foundation of a decree against a patent. Steel v. M'Dowell, 2 Bibb, 123, Blain v. Thompson, 3 Bibb, 148.
If there is any mistake in this case, it is the common error of making a survey to embrace a large surplus, so often committed in Kentucl And an argument built upon the fact that the bounds of the survey contain more than eight thousand five hundred acres, would show that the surveyor meant to write in the certificate of survey not ten thousand acres, but sixteen thousand acres, wlnch is about the quantitV actually included in the survey.
By the survey and patent, Short obtained the legal title only to eight thousand five hundred acres of Voss'. entry The remaining fifteen hundred acres might legally have been withdrawn, and were for aught that appears.
It is to be presumed thaL the survey was made anid returned to the land office by the authority of the owner, who might have had the nistake, if any had exvted, corrected, and caused a re-survey to be made, but who was ,atufi d to take a grant for eight thousand five hundred acres only, which must now linit the extelt of the claim. Act of 1779, 1 Lift. Laws, 411, Galloway's heirs v. Vebb, I Mar. 129, Withers v. Tyler. 2 Mar. 174, Ioftus v. Mitchell, 3 Mar. 598.
The case of Taylor v. Brown, 2 Cond. Rep. 235, was a con. test b~tween two military surveys pror to 1779. It is not analogous to the present case. There the complainants had the elder survey, -wluch was considered as being at once the inception of title, and final approprimtion of the laud 'i equity. Surplus was decreed to if. That wia the case of a survey
VOL. Vfl.-2 A

SUPREME COURT.
[Holmes and others v. Trout and others.]
specifically marked and bounded "in the country at the time the junior survey was made. This is the case of an entry mdefinite as to its extent, and not surveyed until after the survey made for defendants.
The case of Beckley v. Bryan, cited in Taylor v. Brown, slhows that surplus in the bounds of survey, shall be rendered to the holder of an entry made prior to the survey. In Johnson v. Buffngton, as cited, it appeared that both the entry and survey of the elder patentee were subsequent to the survey of the complainant holding the junior patent.
Mr Justice M'LEAN delivered the opinion of the Court. This appeal is prosecuted by the complttmants, to reverse a decree of the circuit court of Kentucky. The original bill was filed by John Holmes, Michael Omealy, Richard Caton, Hugh Thompson and William Slater, who set up a title under the following entry "Edward Voss enters ten thousand acres by virtue of two treasury warrants, Nos. 8991 and 8990, beginning at the north west corner of Patton's eight thousand four hundred acres survey; thence, with Aliens line, westwardly to the river, and along. Roberts's line to the east for quantity;" "also, five thousand acres by virtue of treasury warrant, No. 8989, beginning at the south west comer of Patton's eight thousand four hundred acres survey, then westwardly with Patton, Pope and Thomas's survey; thence up the river, and on Patton's line on the east, for quantity." The complainants represent that surveys having been executed on these entries, they were assigned to Peyton Short, who obtaned the patents bearing date the 12th and 16th days of March 1790. That Short afterwards conveyed both tracts to khe complainant John Holmes, who, by virtue of certain contracts, holds the land in trust for the other complainants; all the complainants having a joint interest in it. The entries of Voss are alleged to be valid, and also tre surveys and patents. The defendants are represented to be in possession of a part of these tracts of land, under grants older than the compliants', but which were founded, on entries made subsequent ta the complainants', and they pray that the defendants may be decreed to convey their respective rights to the complainants.

JANUARY'TERM 1833.
(Holmes and others v Trout and others.]
In May term 1829, the complainants filed an amended bill, in which they state that the land in contest was purchased for the use and benefit of Holmes, Slater, Caton and Omealy. That by subsequent transactions, Omealy became the trustee of Slater and Caton, and that an agreement was entered into between the complainants and a certain John Breckenridge, by which he undertook to render certain services, for which he was to have one moiety of the land. and the originl deed to Holmes, never having been recorded, was, by the complainants, handed to Breckenridge, with other papers which related' to the business, accompamed with directions to Short to make another deed, and full powers, as they are advised, were given by them to Breckemidge to take a deed from Short, vesting the title to one half of the lands in himself, and the other in the complainants. That Breckenridge having obtained possession of the deed made to Holmes, being vested with the power, did agree with Short to cancel that deed, and it was accordingly cancelled. And the complainants represent that Omealy, trustee for John Holmes and William Slater, and Hugh Thompson; trustee for Richard Caton, did on the 21st day of September 1804, receive and take a deed to Breckenridge and themselves, as above stated, and did deliver over the deed of Hohnes to Short, who cancelled it by erasing his name therefrom.
It is further stated in the amended bill, that Breckenrdge died before the services which constituted the consideration on which a moiety of the land was conveyed to him, were fully rendered, and on a bill being filed by the complainants against Breckenndge's heirs, they were decreed to convey to the complainants a certain,part of their interest in the land. This decree was entered at November term 1822.
In answer to the amended bill, the defendants, Jeremiah Trout, Daniel Trout,'Xilliain Buchannan, Jacob Overpeck, John Moreland, Walter A. Moreland and William Moreland, allege that they had been in the actual occupancy and peaceable possession of all the land claimed by them for upwards of twenty years before the amended ill was filed.
ILwas agreed between the parties thatJohn Howard entered on the hind in controversy, by virue of his claim of seven

SUPREME COURT.
[Holmes and others v. Trout and others.)
thousand nine hundred and forty-five and a'half acres, by his tenants, within the claim of C. Clarke, that' the entry was within the boundary of said Clarke, and that Howard's claim wholly covered the claim of Clarke; that this entry into the possession was made in the year 1804, and continued, without interruption, adverse to the claim of Voss and Short, and those who claim under them, until the year 1813, when William Moreland, a purchaser from Clarke, brought an action of ejectment against Howard and evicted him. That possession was taken by Moreland, which has been held by him and his devisees ever since. It was admitted that Daniel Trout, in the year 1808, purchased the claim of Daniel and Hite's six hundred acres within complainants' claim, and that Daniel and Jeremiah Trout entered into the possession under such purchase, and ever since have held, by themselves and their grantees, Overpeck and Buchannan, adversely to the complainants.
As the entry of Voss, under which the complainants claun, was made before the entries under which the defendants claim, the complainants have a prior equity if their entry can be sustained. The validity of this entry, therefore, is the first point -for examination. It calls to begin at the north west comer of Patton's eight thou-and four hundred acres survey, and for Allen and Roberts's line. Patton's entry was made on the 26th December 1782, for eight thousand four hundred acres; upon a treasury warrant, No. 12,311, about two miles up the first branch above the Eighteen Mile creek, beginning at a tree marked J. P., to run north five miles, then to extend off at right angles for quantity" this entry was surveyed on the 20th September 1783, and calls to begin at a mulberry, elm and sugar tree, marked J. P., standing on the bank of the first large creek running into the Olo above the Eighteen Mile creek, two miles up the said creek. On the. I th October 1783,,John Allen entered one thousand acres, part of a treasury warrant, No. 14,198, beginning at the north west corner of Patton's eight thousand -four hundred acres turvey, and running with his line south two hundred and fifty poles, thence down the creek on both sides, westwardlyfor quantity, to be lid off in one or more survevs.

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Holmes and others v. Trout and others.]
Roberts's entry bears date on the 26th December 1782; the same day Patton's entry was made.
As Voss's, entry can only be sustained by sustaining the survey and entry of Patton, it will be proper in the first place to inquire into their validity.
To support the entry of Patton, several witnesses were exammed. Mernwether Lewis states that Eighteen Mile creek, one of the descriptive calls in this entr, was known previous to the year 1782, and that Patton's creek is the first one falling into the Ohio above Eighteen Mile creek, except Bell's spring branch, which is not much more than a mile in length, that Patton's creek was so called from the time the above entry was made, and was generally pretty well known by that name as early as October 1783. He does not recollect the year he became acquainted witb the tree marked J. P., but he thinks, within a year or two after the entry was made, be was at the tree marked, which stood two miles up Patton's creek, lacking forty poles. The letters J. P were very large, and marked on a mulberry tree standing near the creek; that Patton informed him of the entry shortly after it was made, and that he had marked the tree, and run one of the lines before he made the entry. From the appearance.of the letters on the tree when he first saw it, the witness has no doubt that it was marked at the time represented by Patton. He was enabled to find the marked tree witliout difficflty, from P' ton's descnptiomof it, and he thinks that any subsequent locator could not have failed to fina it. Having found the beginmng corner of Patton's survey, the witness says 'his north west corner, which -is called for in Yoss's entry, could be found by tracing the line, of the survey to that comer.
Joseph Saunders another witness, states, that in the year 1780, Eighteen Mile creek was well known, ana that Patton's creek is the first branch or creek of any note which falls into the Ohio above Eighteen 'Mile creek. In May 1783, Patton showed him a mulberry tree marked J. P standing on the north bank of Patton's creek, about two miles from the mouth of said creek, which he said was the beginning comer of his entry. As the letters were large, and the tree slood on the

SUPREME COURT
[Holmes and othersv. Trout and others.]
bank of the creek, the witness thinks it might have been found by any one m search of it.
Several other witneisses prove that Eighteen Mile creek was well known before Patton's entry, and that Patton's creek is the first considerable stream whiph falls into the Ohio ablxve Eighteen Mile creek; and that after Patton's entry, the creek was called by his name, but they were not acquainted with his entry and survey until some years after they were made.
It is first objected to this entry, that in the case of Merwether v. Davidge, 2 Littel, 38, the court of appeals of Kentucky decided it was invalid. Its descriptive as well as locative calls are not sufficient, it is urged, to lead an inquirer to the beginning called for, and that a marked tree is not a good cill, though the calls whici lead to it designate objects of notonety, unless it be proved that the tree was marked at the time the entry bears date, or prior to that time. And, as there is no such proof in the present case me entry must be considered void. These and other arguments are used against the validity of this entry.,
As it regards the decisions of the court of appeals referred to, it may be proper to remark, that it was made on a different state of facts from that which is proved m the present case. IVerrnwether Lewis, who was a party in that cause, could not, of course, be a witness, and on examining his deposition it will be seen that he states several important facts respecting the entry.
The decision of the court of appeals was conclusive upon the rights of the litigant parties in all courts; but the inquiry into the validity of Patton's entry is only collateral to the merits of the present case, and a decision upon it, under such circumstances, can in no respect affect the rights whch were settled in the -case of Memwether v. Davidge. This consideration and the variance of the proof in that cause from the evidence in this, leave no doubt that the court should regard the validity of this entry as open- for investigation in the present cause,
From the evidence it ]s clear, that Eighteen Mile creek was publicly known before Patton's entry, and that the first branch

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Holmes and others v. Trout and others.]
above Eighteen Mile creek, which suits the call, we- the one on which the entry was made. A person, therefore, desirous of finding the begnming of this entry, could have no difficulty in designating Patton's creek. He must then search for the marked tree about two miles up this creek.
But it is objected., that the entry does not state how near the creek the marked tree stands, nor on which side of it, and that it falls short of two miles, on a straight line, forty poles. The tree stands near the bank of the creek, as appears from the evidence, and the letters marked being large, could easily be seen. The variation of forty poles from the distance called for, was as little as could reasonably be expected, when the circumstances under which this entry was made are considered, and to look for the marked tree within the range of forty poles both up and down, the creek, from the exact distance of two miles, would not require unreasonable labour of a subsequent locator. Nor does it seem to be unreasonable, that he should examine on both sides of the creek.
Several of the witnesses say, from the calls in the entry, Patton's beginning comer could have been found without difficulty. This was all that the law required. But it is said that there is no proof at .what time the tree was marked. Lewis said it was within a year or two after the entry purports to have been made; and he has no doubt, from the appearance of the marks, that they were made as early as the date of the entry. Experience enables a person to judge with great ac*curacyhow long marks have been made, fiom their general appearance. In May 1783, only six months after the entry, Saunders saw the marked tree. From these facts, and other circumstances of the case, the evidence established at least prima facie, that the tree ealled for was marked when the entry was made. If other trees were shown bearing the same marks at other places on the-creek, it might create so great an uncertainty as to invalidate this entry. But no such facts are proved in the case
After an attentive examination of the evidence-in relation to this entry, the conclusion m favour of its validity may be safely drawn. In coming to this result, no established principle of law is controverted, nor any sound process of reasoning.

SUPREME COURT.
[Holmes and others v. Trout and others.]
But it is contended, that if the beginning of Patton's entry be established, it does not follow that the entry of Voss is good, as it calls for the north west corner of Patton's survey, which is not the beginning comer, and that a survey which has not been recorded -cannot support an entry
Voss made his entry about twenty days after Patton's survey was executed, and before it was recorded, but the call for the survey necessarily includes the entry, if the survey has been made m pursuance of the entry It must be admitted that a survey of itself, which had inot acquired notoriety, is not a good call for an entry. But when the survey has been made conformably to the entry, and the entry can be sustained, as in the case of Patton, the call for the survey may support an entry. 'The boundaries for the survey must be shown, as has been done in the present case. Johnson v. Marshall, 4 Bibb, 133, Clay v. M'Kiuney, 3 Marshall, 570; also the same book, 573, 577 and 190.
Patton calls to run from his beginning corner north five miles, and in making his survey, he ran near six. This shows, it is contended, that the entry of Patton has not been accurately surveyed, and consequently, Voss's entry must fail.
It has been long a settled principle in Kentucky, that surplus land in a survey does not vitiate it, and such a survey is held to have been made conformably to entry. The inquiry is not, therefore, whether the line of Patton, from the beginning corner to his north west comer, which is called for by Voss, and the other lines of Patton, are the exact distances designated, but whether they were- so made as to conform to his entry, within the established rule on the subject. Of this there can exist no doubt.
Any one desirous of finding the beginning comer of Voss, having found the tree marked J. P., would trace the line runnig north to the comer called for by Voss. This he-could -have no difficulty in finding, although this line is longer than called for in Patton's entry >
That Patton's survey was made before the entry of. Voss, appears from the date of the survey and other l'acts in the case,
From these considerations, the court think that the complaihants.haft sustamed the entry under which they claim.

JANUARY TERM 18S3.
(Holmes and others v. Trout and others.]
In the further examination of the case, it will be necessary to inquire, whether the title set up by the complainants under the deed executed by Short in 1796, or the one he executed to the complainants and Breckenndge in 1804; shall be held valid. Both deeds are -for the same tract of land, and the complainants in this court earnestly contend, that their title under the deed executed in 1796 vests in them a good legal title, From the circumstances under which this deed was executed, and the subsequent proceedings in regard to.it, as set forth in the amended bill, the circuit court held this deed to be null and void. With the view to establish the validity of this deed, the complainants alleged a diminution of the record, and this court, at the present term, awarded a.certiorari, directing the record of the suit in chancery by the complainants against Short and the heirs of Breckenrdge to be certified, on the ground that it is supposed to have-been made a part of the record in the present case. That suit was brought by the complainants in the circuit court, to procure a reconveyance from the heirs of Breckenridge, of one moiety-of the land in controversy, which had been conveyed to their ancestor by Short, under the deed of the 21st of September 1804, on the ground that he had died before the professional services, which formed the, consideration of the grant, were performed. On the final heanng of this case, the court decreed that the defendants should release a part of the land to the complainants, m pursuance of which deeds were executed.
On the heanng, several depositions and letters were read, tending to show, that the deed from Short to Holmes in 1796, was duly executed. A.part of this evidence seems to have been extracted from this record, and used on the final hearing in the circuit court of the cause now under examination. This evidence has been certified up with the record, as forming a part of the case: but it is alleged. that, as in the amended bill, the decree and the deeds made in pursuance of it, in the case against the heirs of Breckenndge, Were made a part of it, and as in the opinion of the court there is a reference to the proceedings in that case, they form a part of.the record in the.suit now before the court.
The decree and the deeds in that suit, which were made a VOL. VII.-2 B

SUPREME COURT.
[Holmes and others v. Trout and others.j
part of the amended bill, were incorporated into the record by the court below, and undoubtedly form a part of it: but it cannot be admitted that the evidence in that case, except so far as it was extracted and used in the circuit court, is admissible in this case. That suit was between different parties, and the points presented for the action of the court were different.
No evidence can be looked into in this court, which exercises an appellate jurisdiction, that was not before the circuit court, and the evidence certified with the record must be considered here, as the only evidence before the court-below If, in cdrtifymg the record, a part of the evidence in the case had been omitted, it might be certified in obedience to a certiorari, but in such case'it must appear from the record that the evidence was used, or offered to the circuit court.
It is to be regretted, that on the hearing in the court below any evidence was omitted which is deemed material in the case, but it is now too late to remedy the omission
To prove the-execution of the deed by Short to Holmes, in 1796, the depositi n of William Moreton, one of the subscribing witnesses, was read. He proves his own signature, and also the signatures of James Russell and Francis Jones, who were also subscribing witnesses, and he proves the signature of the grantor, although a.stroke of the pen. is made over it. The witness further states, that he was written to by Mr Short to endeavour to make sales of lands for him,which he did not dQ, but on being told "by J6hn Holmes what was the best he could do with the land, he advised him to sell, and told him he thought Short would be satisfied." "That he understood the lands were sold, and the papers, or a part.of them, between Short and Holmes in relation to the sales, were sent to him, as he believes, to close the business with Short. On. the examination of lus.letter book, he fincs a copy of 'aletter to Mr John Holmes, under date of January 3d, 1797, on which day he forwarded to um by Mr Hughes, inclosed in said letter, the above deed."
On the 10th January 1803, Holmes wrote to Moreton from Baltimore, and says, "the lands you sold on 4ccount of Mr Short, were held by Thompson, Mr Caton and myself. These gentlemen will correspond with you respecting them, to which

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Holmes and others v. Trout and others.)
you will please to attend. I will thank you to do every thing in your power to get the necessary title papers, &c. for my -proportion, Mr Omealy, my trustee, has the direction, who will direct you as it respects me."
Mr Caton wrote to Moreton, it is presumed, at the same time, that the interest he had in the lands jointly, he some tine before transferred to William Slater, of Baltimore, who -Vould write to him in conjunction with Mr Thompson and Mr Omealy, Mr Holmes's trustee.
And-on the 13th January 1803, Mr Omealy, as trustee for John Holmes, William Slater and H. Thompson, wrote to Moreton, inclosing the above letters, and they say, "the annexed letters from Holmes and Mr Caton inform you of our being the proprietors and legal representatives of the land bought of Short, and heretofore held by Mr Holmes,. amountmag, we believe, to fourteen thousand five hundred acres. By an agreement with Mr Breckenridge, your senator in congress, he has undertaken to procure us a good title) and to effect a sale of the lands. We therefore request that you will surrender into his hands all the papers and documents you may have relating to them, that the title may be vested in him by Short and yourself, and by this authority, we require yourself, Mr Short, and.all others concerned, to consider Mr Breckenndge as our assignee for the lands in question, subject to the agreements entered into by Mr Breckenridge and us."
The papers surrendered to Breckenrdge iii pursuance of this letter, were, "a copy of a letter from Peyton Short to John Holmes, dated-Richmond, 29th September 1794." "An onginal letter from Peyton Short to Mr William Moreton, dated Woodford, 2d April 1795." Also "a copy of a paper, dated Baltimore, 9th May 1795, addressed to Mr J6hn Holmes, and signed by William Moreton, attorney for Peyton Short, respect-. ing the conveyance of fourteen thousand acres of land ;" but these papers were not copied into the record, and there is no proof that they were used as evidence -on the hearing in the circuit court.
From this evidence, without reference to the facts stated in the amended bil, it would be difficult to come to a satisfactory

SUPREME COURT.
(Holnes and others v. Trout and others.]
conclusion, as it regards the execution of the deed in 1796. There can be no.doubt, from the deposition of Moreton, that'it was signed by Short, and it is probable that it was forwarded to Holmes, as stated in Moreton's deposition, but there is no evidence of its having been received by hlm, or that he treated it as a valid instrument. It would seem, from the letter of Holmes, dated the 10th of January 1803, that he was not at that, time in possession of this deed, for he requests Moreton "to do every thing in his power to get the necessary title papers," &c. And the meinorandum of the paper delivered to Breckenndge,.dated 9th May 1795, which was addressed to Holmes, and signed by Moreton as attorney for Short, and which respected the conveyance of fourteen thousand acres of land, could not have referred to an absolute sale of the land to Holmes, "itwould seem, as Moreton states in his deposition that he did not sell to him. But even admitting that in this respect the memory of Moreton is mcprrect, and that, as attorney of Short, he did sell the land to'Holmes, does it not appear probable, from the deposition of Moreton, that the conveyance to Holmes was made with the view of enabling him to dispose of the land for the benefit of Short.- And if this were the case, whether Holmes first sold the land to his co-complainants, retaining an interest in it himself, or became interested in it by any other -means, it does not appear that he was ever actually in possession of the deed, or claimed title under it. If strong doubts rested upon this part of the case, a reference to the amended bill would dispel them. But the facts there alleged, it is insisted, were stated -through the mistake of c unsel,. and that the nghts of the complainants ought not therefore to be prejudiced by them.
On such an allgation the court cannot disregard the case which the complainants have made in their bill. They allege expressly that the deed executed by,Short to Holmes,, never having been recorded, was delivered up and cancelled by those who had full powers on the subject,.and that another-deed was executed by Short, upon proper authority, vesting the fee to one moiety of the land in Breckenridge, and the other in the complainants. And by eference to' the decree, in the

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Holmes and others T. Trovt and others.]
case against the heirs of Breckenndge, it appears that this deed was treated-as a valid instrument, as the heirs were required to convey a part of the land held under it to the complainants.
The pnnciple is admitted, that the mere cancelling of a deed does not re-invest the title in the grantor under the laws of Kentucky; but, under the circumstances of this case, the court are clear, that the deed to Holmes must be considered as a nullity. It has been so treated by the parties themselves, not only, it would seem, by the decree against the heirs of Breckenndge, but by the express allegations of the amended bill. If, therefore, it were proved that this deed had been delivered to Holmes, or was found among his papers after his assignment, the court could not hold it valid in opposition to the acts and allegations*of the complainants. The conveyance may have been made with the sole view of enabling Holmes to convey to others who had purchased, and a different arrangement being made, as the deed had not been recorded, and Holmes not having.acted underit, it was probably surrendered, with all other papers relating to the land, to Breckenridge, by those who had full power to do so, as stated in the amended bill on which surrender, Short executed the deed to the complainants and Breckenndge. Whatever may have been the facts in regard to the delivery of the deed to Holmes and its surrender, this court have no difficulty in treating it as a void instrument, under all the circumstances of the case.
In this view of the facts, the complainants must rest their legal title to the land in controversy, on the deed executed in 1804, agreeably to the .case made in heir amended bill. Whatever equitable claim the complainants may have had to this land, the deed to Breckenridge conveyed one moiety of it to lum, and the next point of inquiry is, whether the decree obtained against the heirs of Breckenridge, and the conveyances executed in pursuance of it, as set forth in the amended bill, must be considered as sdttmg up a new right, so as to give to a part of the defendants the benefit of the statute of limitations which they plead.
The conveyance was executed to Breckenridge onthe consideration of services to be rendered ni establishing the title to

SUPREME COURT.
[Holmes and others v. Tiuoit and others.]
the land. These services were only rendered in part before the decease of Breckenridge, and on that ground the court decreed that his heirs, tor whom the land descended, should convey'to the plaintiffs a part of the land.
Before the conveyances under this decree, the complainants could not be considered as having any claim to the land conveyed to Breckenridge, more than they would have had if the contract had been to pay money instead of services, and he had failed in paying a part of the amount. In such a case, the complainants might have asked a rescision of the contract, except for so much of the land as had been paid for. Or, they might have asked a specific execution of the contract, or have compelled the payment of the residue of the consideration by an action at law But, until the complainants had made their election to proceed against the land, and had, through the decree of a court of chancery, obtained a conveyance of it, they possessed no specific right to the land which they could enforce either in law or equity, against persons in possession under an adverse claim. It therefore follows, that the title set up in the amended bill, under the decree against the heirs of Breckenridge, is a new right, and must be considered as having br n first asserted by the amended bill, and k this bill was filed in May term 1829, the statute of liniitation will constitute a good bar so far as the right under the decree is asserted against the defendants, who have held, adversely, twenty years or upwards.
It is true the complainants are non-residents, but so far as the land obtained by the decree against the heirs of Breckeir. ndge is concerned, the statute had begun to run before the decree, and that proceeding does not arrest it.
The survey of Voss was made for eight thousand five hundred acres on the 16th February 1789, and the patent was issued to Short, as the assignee of Voss, on the 16th March 1790, for eighT thousand five hundred acres. In runnig the lines of the survey, which purports to appropriate only eight thousand five hundred acres of the entry, they were made to include a large surplus of land, beyond the calls of the entry. But before tis survey wvs- executed severa entries were made,

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Holmes and others v. Trout and others.]
under which a part of the defendants claim, and which are embraced In the survey It becomes, therefore, necessary to determine between these conflicting rights.
The principle is well settled, that a junior entry shall limit the survey of a pnor entry to its calls. This rule is reasonable and just. Until an entry be surveyed, a subsequent locator must be governed by its calls; and this is the reason why it is essential that every elitry shall describe, with precision, the land designed to be appropriated by it. If the land adjommg to the entry should be covered by a subsequent location, it would be most unjust to sanction a survey of the prior entry beyond itu. calls, and so as to include a part of the junior entry.
This principle is not contested by the complainants, but they deny its application to the case under consideration. They insist that the designation of the niunber of acres in the survey, below the amount callqd for in the entry, was a mistake of the surveyor. That it was the intention of Voss to survey his entire entiy, as is evidenced by the number of acres actially included in the survey. And the well settled rule is relira on, that surplus land will not vitiatc a survey.
The intention of the surveyor can only be known by his official acts, and a resort to these inthe present case, will show that he intended only to survey eight thousand five hundred acres, of the ten thousand acres entry. It is true, the lines include a very large surplus, but this, according to the rule stated, does not render the survey void.
The locator may survey his entry into one. or more surveys, or he may, at pleasure, withdraw a part of his entry. Where a part of a warrant is withdrawn, the tules of the land office require a memorandum on the margin of the record of the ongiatl entry, showing what part of it is withdrawn. It does
not appear that any record of a withdrawal of a part of Voss's entry was made, and from this fact it is argued, that none was
intended to be withdiawn.
The question ignot exclusively one of intention, or whether
any part of this warrant has been withdrawn. If a withdrawal
appeared upon the record, it would be conclusive; but must
not the right to withdraw fifteen hundred acres of the entry be equally as conclusive as if it had been done. And is not this

SUPREME COURT.
(Holmes and others v. Trout and others.)
right incontrovertibly established by the fact, that only eight thousand five hundred acres of the original entry have been surveyed and patented.
If a mistake was made by the surveyor, why was it not-corrected before the emanation of the grant, or at some subsequent period? This might have been done at any time by the holder of the claim.
Whatever "may be the facts in regard to a mistake of the surveyor, this court cannot correct it, nor does it prevent the complainants from withdrawing one thousand five hundred acres of the entry, and making a location elsewhere; or perhaps, from still executing the survey for this quantity under the original entry. If in the latter case the right would be barred by the statute of limatatibns; or in the former it would be ineffectual from the lapse of time or the want'of vacan4 'land, the loss is chargeable to the negligence of the complainants, and those under whom they claim.
From this construction of the survey it follows, that the right asserted under it must be limited by the valid entries under which a part of the defendants claim, to the calls of the entry which shall cover the quantity of acres that the surveyor purported to survey. The same construction must be given to the survey as if it had been made on an entry fvr eight thousand five hundred acres, which, by subsequent locations, was limited strictly to its calls.
As the line of Allen is called for as one of the boundaries of Voss's entry, it is necessary to give a construction to Allen's entry, and ascertain where this line should be established. Allen's entry was not surveyed at the time Voss made his location. This entry calls to "begin at the north west comer of Patton's eight thousand four hundred acres survey, and to run with his line south two hundred and fifty poles, thence dQwn the creek on both sides for quantity; to be laid off in one or more surveys."
The circuit court directed the survey of Allens entry to be so made, from the base line called for, as that the lines shall include Bare Bone creek, and be parallel to its several courses, &c.
It appears fiom the survey executed in pursuance of

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Holmes and others v. Trout and others.]
construction of Allen's entry, that near where the creek falls into the Ohio river, there is a bend lia it which renders it impracticable to include the mouth of the creek m the survey; but, with the exception of this bend, the creek is included. As it is impracticable to include the mouth of this creek in the survey, it is insisted by the complainants' counsel, that this survey of the entry is incorrectly made, and-that the court should have directed it to be made by running at right angles from the base line for quantity.
In support of this position several authorities have been cited. In the case of Preble v. Vanhoover, 2 Bibb, 120, the court say, "that the call to run eastu-ardly is an indefinite expression, signifying on which side of the base line the land is to lie; and that a rectangular figure is not to be departed from, unless the calls of the entry are incompatible with that figure."
But in the same case the entry called to include an improvement, and the court decided that the length of the given base and the call to include the improvement beig incompatible, the former must yield, so far as necessary, to comply with the latter. In Hardin, 208, the construction of an entry is given by the court of appeals of Kentucky. They say that in the construction of enthes it is difficult to lay down general rules, that will not necessarily admit of many exceptions. Each case must frequently depend upon its own peculiar circumstances; but it is evident that every entry itself must be resorted to for discovering the locator's intention, in construing which, the whole entry, like other writings, should be taken together. "But if, from a fair and reasonable exposition of the entry, a call appears to have been made through mistake and is repugnant to the locator's intention, it ought to be rejected, the court say, as surplusage, and.not suffered to vitiate the whole entry. Therefore, they say, the object called for should not be so repugnant as to be incapable of msleading a subsequent inquirer with ordinary caution." "It should be practicable to comply with the call, and, in general, it should be a tangible object, either, natural or artificial, not a: mere ideal one." The court also say, that a certain line should be run south west, "not only because they conceive the locator's intention sufficiently manifest, but because they esteem it a
VOL. VII.-2 C

SUPREME COURT.
[Holmes and others v. Trout and others.]
good rule that the lines of every survey should be as nearly parallel to each other, and as nearly at right angles, as the calls of the entry will admit, and when not controlled by such calls as evidently show the locator's intention to be otherwise, the court will give its calls this construction, as being the most reasonable, and the least subject to exception."
These views contain the general principles which have been established in Kentucky, and by which entries in that statc must be governed.
It will be observed, that in giving a construction to an entry the intention of the-locator is to be chiefly regarded, the same as the intention of the parties in giving a construction to a contract. If a call be impracticable, it is rejected as surplusage, on the ground that it was made through mistake; but if a call be made for a natural or .artificial object, it shall always control mere course and distance.. Where there is no object called for to control a rectangular figure, that form shall be given to the survey.
These principles must now be applied to the call for the creek in Allen's entry.
It is objected that this creek is not called by any particular name, and the reason no doubt was, that, at the time Allen's entry was made, no name had been given to it. Nor was any -name given to the creek on which Patton's entry was made. Subsequent to that entry it was called Patton's creek, from.the fact of hi entry having been made on its bank.
Barebone creek seems to be a stream of some magnitude; and it does not appear that there is any other creek which answers the call in Allen's entry. This creek is a natural object, and is crossed by the base line of the entry, and could any one doubt the intention of the locator, under such circumstances, to include-the'land on both sides of the creek by his call "to run down the creek on both sides westwardly, for quantryl" It is true, the mouth of this creek is not included in the survey which was directed by the circuit court, but the mouth of the creek is not called for specifically, and it does not'appear, but that if the exact quantity of land called for in the entry had been surveyed, that the creek would have passed through the whole length of the tract. The call is not to run

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Holmes and others v. Trout and others.]
to the Ohio river, but" down the creek on both sides for quantity."
It would be difficult to make a call more specific than this, or one whh would be less likely to mislead any subsequent locator. Is the fact that the creek, by an unusual deviation from its general course, near its junction with the Ohio, passes out of the boundaries designated, calculated to mislead any one q Suppose it passed out of.the limits of the survey five or ten poles before the lines closed, would this, by the principles laid down, require the call to be rejected? Could that fact lead any one into error 2 Ana unless such a deviation would require the court to reject the call, it cannot be rejected on the ground alleged. The creek, by the survey executed, runs through the tract about seven-eighths of the entire length of the line, and the extraordinary bend which carries it out of the survey, cannot vitiate the call or render it substantially repugnant.
The question which arises out of these facts is, whether this call shall not control the survey, so as substantially to conform to it. The -all to run westwardly, having nothing else to control it, would, according to the established rule of construction, require the lines to ne run at night angles from the base. But,the court are clearly of opinion, that the call to run down the creek on both sides for quantity, must control the survey, and that the construction given 'to the entry by the circuit court was correct.
This line of Allen's entry being established, it forms the lower boundary of Voss's survey, and it remains only to say that, agreeably to the calls of his entry, the survey must be extended up the river and along Roberts's line, so as to include eight thousand five hundred acres. The survey cannot be extended beyond this limit, so as to interfere with valid entries which were made before the original survey of Voss. This 'was the construction given to the rights of the complainants under their entry and survey, and this court sustain that construction.
The decree of the circuit court must be affirmed, with costs.

JANUARY TERM 1833.
JOHN MINOR,.PLAINTIFF IN ERROR V. SHURBAL TILLOTSON.
What will be deemed sufficient evidence of diligent and sufficient search for a lost or mislaid original paper, to permit a copy to be read as secondary evidence.
The rules of evidence are adopted for practical purposes in the administration ofjustice. And althoukh it is laid down in the books as a general rule, that the best evidence the nature of the case will admit of, must be given; yet it is not understood that this rule requires the strongest possible assurance of the matter in question. The exteht to which the rule is to be pushed is governed, in some measure, by circumstances. If any suspicion hangs over the instrument, or that it is designedly withheld, a more rigid mquiry should be made into the reasons foits non-production. 'But where there is no such suspicion, all that ought to be requiredis reasonable diligence to obtain the original.
ERROR to the district court of the eastern district of Louimana.
This case came before the court, and was argued by Mr Clay, for the plaintiff in error, and by Mr Webster, for the defendant.
The only point decided by the court,- with the facts which presented it for consideration, are fully stated in the opinion of the court. Other questions in the case, in relation to the admission of testimony, were argued by the counsel for the parties, but the court considered them so imperfectly stated, as to require that another trial of the cause should take place in the court below.
Mr Justice THOMPSON delivered the opinion of the Court. On the trial of this cause, in the district court of the-United" States for the .eastern district of Loumana, a bill of exceptions was taken to the ruling of the court in rejecting certain evidence offered by the plaintiff in support of the title set up by him, and the case is brought here by writ of error. The bill of exceptions states that the plaintiff, having set'up title to the premises in dibpute by virtue of a~sale fr- general

SUPREME COURT.
[linor v. Trnotson.]
Wade Hampton, dated the 5th of April 1819, then offered m evidence another paper purporting to be a copy of the grant, under which said Hampton claimed, which copy had been duly presented and registered by the land commissioners of this district, in the year 1806, having first proved that many of the ordinances-of the Spanish governors of Louisiana had been deposited in the notarial office of Pedro Pedescloux, the notary, who certified the said paper under his hand and notarial seal; and who is now dead, and also having first proved -that the original grant was once in the -possession of general Wade Hampton, but that he had, by ins attorney, applied to said Wade Hampton for it, who gave him a bundle of papers, sayrag,they were all the titles ol his Houmas lands in his possession, but which bundle did not contain the original of the paper sought after the plaintiff also offered in evidence the translation of said document, published by congress in the book called the Land Laws of the United States, pp. 954, 955, 956, published in the year 1828. These papers were objected to on the ground that they were not the best evidence, and that due diligenc had not been used to procure the originals. And the court sustained the objection.
The document offered and rejected by the court, is to be considered as secondary evidence, and there can be.no doubt that the plaintiff was bound to account for the non-production of the original. This is a document wich the law does not presume to be in the possession of the plaintiff; it is the grant under which Wade Hampton claimed, a small part of which only was in question in this suit. The presumption of law therefore is, that the original deed was in the possession of Wade Hampton, and the plaintiff could not be bound'to search for it elsewhere, there being no law in Louisiana requiring deeds to be recorded. And it was proved, as matter of fact, that it was once in his possession, at what time, however, is not stated, and the question is, whether suh. search was. made for it as to justify the admission of secondary evidence. The rules of evidence are adopted for practical purposes in the administration of justice, and although it is laid down in the books as a general rule, -that the best evidence the nature of the case will admit of, must be given, yet it is not under-

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[Minor v. TiUotson.]
stood that this rule requires the strongest possible assurance of the matter in question. The extent to which the rule is to be pushed in a cqse like the present, is governed m some measure by circumstances. If any suspicion hangs over the instrument, or that it is designedly withheld, a more rigid inquiry should be made into the reasons for its non-production. But when there is no such suspicion, all that ought to be required is reasonable diligence to obtain the original. Has that been shown. in this case Q The exception states, that it wasproved to have been m the possession of Wade Hampton, and that on application to him, by the plaintifPs attorney, for it, he gave him a bundle of papers, saying, they were all the titles to his Houmas lands (the premises in question being a part of that. tract); but which bundle, on examination, did not contain the original deed in question. There was no other place to which the law pointed where search could be made, and nothing more could be required, unless it was necessary to have the oath of Wade Hampton that the deed was not in his possession. But this we do not think, under the circumstances of this case, was necessary. There'do not appear any grounds for supposmg the deed -was designedly withheld, and the circumstances under which the search was made, were equivalent to the witnesses having had free access to all Wade Hampton's papers, and proving that the deed could not be found-among chem. The examination was made by the witness under allthe advantages and prospect of finding the deed that could have been afforded to Hampton himself. He was, for this purpose, in the possession of all his papers, and not finding it, the inference was very strong that it was lost. And the antiquity of the deed, being dated in the year 1777, rendered its loss the more probable.
The case of Caufman v. Congregation of Cedar Spring, 6 Binney, 59, decided in the supreme court of Pennsylvama, goes very fully to establish that it was -not necessary to have the testimony of Wade Hampton, under the circumstances of this case. In that case a written agreement was placed- in the hands of a common friend, who, upon his removal to another place, had put the paper into the hands of Ins father, who died. After proofs of these facts, a witness swore that,

SUPREME COURT.
[rmor v. Tillotson.]
after the father's deati, he,'together with the son-in-law, to whom all his papers came, made diligent search among the father's papers, but could not find the writing. It was held that this was sufficient proof of the loss to lay the foundation for proving the contents of the paper, without the oath of the son-in-law himself, as to the search and not finding the paper.
We think the proof of the loss of the original deed was sufficient to let in.the secondary evidence. We forbear, however, expressing any opinion upon the legal effect and operation of that deed.
The judgment of the court below must be reversed, and the .cause sent-back with directions to award a venire de novo.
There were several other exceptions taken to the ruling of the court, m relation to the admission of testimony, which we do not notice. They are so imperfectly stated, that it is difficult to understand what the real point of objection is, and no opinion can be expressed that will aid the court below on another trial.
Judgment reversed.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the district court of the United States for the eastern district of Louisiana, and was argued by counsel. on consideration whereof it is ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said- district court m this cause be, and the same is hereby reversed, and that this cause be, and the same is hereby remanded to the said district court with directions to award a venire facias de novo.

JANUARY TERM 1833.

51

THE UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS V. JUAN PERCHEMAN, AP-
PELLEE.
Juan Percheman claimed two thousand acres of land lying in the territory of Florida, by virtue of a grant fromthe Spanish governor, madem 1815. His title consisted of a petition presented by himself to the governor of East Florida, praying for a grant of two thousand acres, at a designated place, in pursuance of the royal order of the 29th of March 1815, granting lands to the mlitary who were in St Augustine during the invasion of 1812 and 1813, a decree by the governor, made 12th December 1815, in conformity to the petition, in absolute property, under the authority of the royal order, a certified copy of which decree and of the petition was directed to be ispuedto him fromthe secretary's office, in order that it may be to him m all events an equivalent of a title in form a petition to the governor, dated 31st December 1815, for an order of survey, and a certificate of a survey having been made on the 20th of August 1819 in obedience to the same. This claim was presented, according to law, to the register and receiver of East Florida, while acting as a board of commissioners to aseertain claims and titles to lands in East Florida. The claim was rejected by the board and the following entry made of the same. -In the memorial of the claimant to this board, he speaks of a survey made by authority in 1829. If this had been produced it would have furnished some support for the certificate of Aguilar. As it is, we reject the claim." Held: that this was not a final action on the claim in the sense (hose words are used in the act of the 26th of May 1830, entitled "an act supplementary to," &c.
Evdn in cases of conquest, it is very unusual for the conqueror to do more than to displace the sovereign and assume dominion over the country.
The modern usage of nations, which has become law, would be violated; that sense ofjustice and of right, which is acknowledged and felt by the
whole civilized world, would be outraged; if private property should be generally confiscated, and private rights annulled on a change in the sovereignty of the country. The people change their allegiance, their relation to their ancient sovereign is dissolVed, but their relations to each other, and their rights ofproperty remain undisturbed. Had Florida changed its sovereign by an act containing no stipulation respecting the property of individuals, the right of property in all those who became subjects or clitizens of the new government would have been unaffected by the change. It would have remained the same as under the ancient sovereign. The language of the second article of the treaty between the United States and Spain, of 22d February 1819, by which Florida was ceded to the United States', conforms to this general principle. The eighth-article of the treaty"must be intended to stipulate expressly for

52

SUPREME COURT.

[United States v. Percheman.I
the security to private property, which the laws and usages of nations would, without express stipulation, have conferred. No construction which would impairthat security, further than its positive words require, would seem to be admissible. Without it, the titles of individuals would remain as valid under the new government as they were under the old. And those titles, so far at least as they were consummated, might be asserted in the courts of the United States, iridependently of this article. The treaty was drawn up int the Spanish as well as in the English languages. Both are original, and were unquestionably intended by the parties to be identical. The Spanish has been translated; and it is now understood that the article expressed in that language is, that- "the grants shall remain ratified and confirmed to the persons in.possession of them, to the same extent," &c. thus conforming exactly to the umversally received law of nations.
If the English and Spanish part can, without violence, be made to agree, that construction which establishes this conformity ought to prevail..
No violence is done to the language of the treaty by a construction which conforms the English and Spanish to each other. Although the words " shall be ratified and confirmed," are properly words of contract, stipulating for some future legislation, ±hey are not necessarily so. They may import that "they shall be ratified and confirmed" by force of the instrument itself. When it is observed that in the counterpart of the same treaty, executed at the same time, by the same parties, they are used in this sense, the construction is proper, if not unavoidable.
In the case of Foster v. Elam, 2 Peters, 253, this co.urt considered those words importing a contract. The Spanish part of the treaty was not then brought into view, and it was then supposed there was no variance between them. It was not supposed that there was ever a formal difference of expression in the sane instrument, drawn up in the language of each party. Had this circumstance been known, it is believed it would have produced the construction which is now given to the article.
Oa the 8th of May 1822 an act was passed "fo'r ascertaining claims and titles to land within the territory of Florida." Congress did not design to submit the validity of titles, which were "valid under the Spamsh government, or by the law of nations," to the determination of the commissioners acting under this law. It was necessary to ascertain these claims, and to ascertain their location, not to decide finally upon them. The powers to be exercised by the commissioners ought to be limited to
the object and purpose of the act. In all the acts passed upon this subject previous to May 1830, ihe decisions
of the commissioners, or of the register and receiver acting as commission.
ers, have been confirmed. Whether these acts affirm those decisions by which claims are rejected, as well as those by which they are recommended for confirmation, admits of some doubt. Whether a rejection amounts to more than a refusal to recommend for confirmation, may be a subject of serious inquiry. However this may be, it can admit of no doubt that the decision of the commissioners was conclusive in no

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States v. Percheman.]
case until confirmed by an act of congress. The language of these acts, and among others that of the act of 1828, would indicate that the mind of congress was directed solely to the confirmation of.claims, not to their annulment. The decision of this question is not necessary to this case. The act of 26th May 1830, entitled "an act to provide for the final settlement of land claims in Florida," contains the action of congress on the report of the commissioners of 14th January 1830, in which is the rejection of the claim of the petitioner in this case. The first, second and third sections of this act confirm the claims recommended for confirmation by the commissioners. The fourth section enacts "that all remaining claims, which have been presented according to law, and not finally acted upon, shall be adjudicated and finally settled upon the same conditions," &c. Itis apparent that no claim was finally acted upon until it had been acted upon by congress; and it is equally apparerit that the action of congress in the report containing this claim, is confined to the confirmation of those titles which were recommended for confirmation. Congress has not passed upon those which were rejected. They were, of consequence, expressly submitted to the court. From the testimony in the case, it does not appear that the governor of Florida, under whose grant the land is claimed by the petitioner, exceeded his authority in making the grant. Papers translated from a foreign language, respecting the transactions of foreign officers, with whose pdwsrs and authorities the court are not well acquainted, containing uncertain and incomplete referencesto things well understood by the parties, but not understood by the courti should be carefully examined, before it pronounces that an officer holding a high place of trust and confidence, has exceeded his authority. On general principles of law, a copy of a paper given by a public officer, whose duty it is to keep the originals, ought to be received in evidence.
APPEAL from the superior court for the eastern edistrict of Florida.
On the 17th of September 1830, Juan Percheman filed in 'the clerk's office of the superior court for the eastern district of Florida, a petition, setting forth his claim- to a tract of land containing two thousand acres, within the district of East Florida, situated at a place called the Ockliwaha, along the margin of the river St John.
The petitioner stated thitt he derived his title to the said tract of land under a grant made to him on the 12th day of December 1815 by governor- Estrada, then Spanish governor of East Florida, and whilst East Florida belonged to Spain.
The documents exhibiting the alleged title annexed to the petition were the following.

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Percheman.]
His excellency the governor -- Don Juan Percheman, ensign of the corps of dragoons of America, and stationed in this place, with due veneration and respect appears before your excellency and says, that in virtue of the bounty in lands, which, pursuant to his royal order of the 29th of March of the present year, the king grants to the military which were of this place in the time of the invasion which took place in the years 1812 and 1813, and your petitioner considering himself as being comprehended m the said sovereign resolution, as it is proved by the annexed certificates of his lordship brigadier don Sebastian Kindelan, and by that which your lordship thought proper to provide herewith, which certificates express the merits and services rendered by your petitioner at the time of the siege, in consequence of which said bounties were granted to those who deserved them, and which said certificates your petitioner. solicits from your goodness may be returned to him, for any other purposes which may be useful to your petitioner- therefore, he most respectfully supplicates your lordship to grant him two thousand acres of land, in the place called Ockliwaha, situated on the margins of St John's river, which favour he doubts not to receive from your good heart and pateml dispositions. St Augustine, of Florida, 8th December 1815.
JUAN PERCHEMAN. St Augustine, of Florida, 12th December 1815. Whereas this officer, the party interested, by the two certificates inclosed, and which will be returned to hun for the purposes which may be convement to him, has proved the services which he rendered in the defence of this province, and in consideration also of what is provided in the royal order of the 29th March last past, wich he cites, I do grant hun the two thousand acres of land wuch he solicits, in absolute property, in the indicated place; to 'which effect let a certified copy of this petition and decree be issued to hin from the secretary's office, in order that it may be to him in all events an equivalent of a title in form.
ES'TRADA. PETITION. His excellency the governor-Don Juan Percheman, sergeant of the squadron of dragoons of America, stationed in this place, with due veneration and respect appears before your excellency, and says, that in virtue of the royal

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States v. Percheman.]
bounties in lands, granted by his majesty, by his royal order of the 29th of March of the present year, to the military individuals who were in this place aforesaid in the time of the-mvasion thereof, in the years 1812 and 1813, and your petitioner considering himself as included in the said royal resolution, as he proves it by the annexed certificates, exhibited with due solemnity, one of them from the brigadier Don Sebastian Kindelan, and the other with which your excellency thought proper to provide him, which certificates express the merits and services which he acquired and rendered in the time and epochs of the siege, in consequence of which the meritorious were thus rewarded, and which certificates your excellency will be pleased to return to your petitioner, for other purposes which may be useful to him, wherefore, your petitioner most respectfully supplicates your excellency to be pleased to grant hun two thousand acres of land, m the place called Ockliwaha, situated on the.margins of the river St John, which favour he doubts not to receive from the benevolent and charitable dispositions of your excellency. St Augustine, of Florida, on the 8th of December 1815.
JUAN PERCHEMAN.
DECREE. 'St Augustine, of Florida, on ihe 12th of December 1815. Whereas this officer interested proves by the two certificates annexed, and which will be returned to hun for such.purposes as may suit him, the services which he has rendered in the defence of this province, and also in consideration of the provisions of the royal order, under date of the 29th March last, which is referred to, I do grant to him, in absolute ,property, the two thousand acres. of hind, in the place whieh he indicates; for the attainment of which let a certified copy of this petition and decree be issued 'to him, which -documents, will at all events setve him as a title in form.
ESTRADA.
I, Don Thomas de Aguilar, under-lieutenant of the army, and secretary for his majesty of the government of this place, and of the province thereof, do certify, that the preceding copy is faithfully drawn from the original, which exists in the secretary's office, under my charge; and in obedience to what is

SUPREME COURT.

[United States v. Percheman.]

ordered, I give the present in St Augustine, of Florida, on the 12th of December.1815.
ToMAs DE AGUILAR, PETITION FOR SURVEY. His excellertcy the governor:Don Juan Percheman, ensign of the corps of dragoons, and commandant of the detachment of the same, stationed in this place, with due respect represents to your excellency that this government having granted your petitioner two thousand acres of land in the place called Ockliwaha, on the margin of the river St John, he may be permitted to have the same surveyed by a competent surveyor, as soon and at any time your petitioner will find it convenient, which favour your petitioner hopes to receive from the high consideration of your excellency. St Augustine, of Florida, on the 31st December 1815.

St Augustine, 31st December 1816. is granted.

JUAN PERCHEMAN.
The preceding petition

ESTRADA.
I, Don Robert M'Hardy, an inhabitant of this province, and appointed surveyor by decree -of this government, rendered on
the 31st December 1815, in behalf of the interested partyi do
certify that I have surveyed for Don Juan Percheman, lieutenant of the Havana dragoons, a tract of land containing two thousand acres, situated on the south side of Ocldiwaha, and is
conformable in all its circumstances to the following plat. In testimony whereof, I sign the present in St Augustine, of Florida, on the 20th of August 1819.

RT. M'HARDY.
The petitioner proceeds to state that his claim to said tract of land so claimed by hin was submitted to the examination of the board of commissioners appointed under and in virtue of an act of the congress of the United States of America, entitled "aji act for ascertaining claims and titles to lands in the terntory of Florida, and to provide for the survey and disposal of the public lands in Florida," passed the 3d day of March
1823.
And that the land so claimed by him, and situated, as aforesaid, within the territory of Florida, and within the jurisdiction

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States v. Percheman.]
of this honourable court, as aforesaid, is embraced by the treaty between Spain and the United States of the 22d of February 1819; that his claim to said land has not been finally settled under the provisions of the act of the congress of the United States, entitled "an act supplementary to the several acts providing for the settlemelit and confirmation of private land claims m Florida," passed the 23d day of May 1828, or of any of the acts to which the said last recited act is supplementary; and that the claim of the petitioner to the. said land has not been reported by the said commissioners appointed under any of the said acts of congress, or any other, or by the register and receiver acting as such, under the several acts of the congress of the United States in such case made and provided, as antedated or forged, and thbt the said claim hath not been annulled by the aforesaid treaty between Spain and the United States, nor by the decree ratifying the same.
Wherefore he prayed that the validity of his claimto said land may be inquired into, and decided upon by the court, and that, in pursuance of an act of congress for that purpose, m that case made and provided, the United States be made a party defendant to this petition, 4nd that process, &c. &c.
On the 2d of Octoler the attorney of the United States for the district of East Florida "filed an answer to the petition of Juan Percheman, .mw-ich it is stated,-that on the 28th of November 1823, he, the said Juan Percheman, sold, transferred and conveyed, to one Francis P Sanchez, all his right, title and mtevrest in the -tract of land claimed by him; which, the answer asserted, appeared by a copy of the conveyance annexed to the action, and that he had not, at the tune of the filing of his petition, any right, title or interest in the land. The answer admits that the clann of the said Francis P Sanchez to the said tract of land was duly presented to the register and receiver of the district, while they were acting as a board of commissioners to ascertain titles to land in East -Florida, and avers that the said claim was finally acted upon and rejected by the said register and receiver, while lawfully acting as aforesaid, as appears by a copy of their report thereon, annexed to te answer.
The United States further say that the tract of land claimed VOL. VII.-H

SUPREME COURT.
(United States v. Perchewan.]
by the petitioner contains a less quantity than three thousand five hundred acres, to wit, but two thousand acres by the showing of the petitioner himself, and that the court has no
jurisdiction in the case, nor can any court exercise jurisdiction over-the claim against the United States.
The answer submits, that if the governor Estrada did make the grant or concession set forth by the petitioner at the time, "and in. the manner alleged in the said petition or bill of complaint, he made it contrary to the laws, ordinances, and royal regulations of the government of Spain, which were then m force in East Florida, on the subject of granting lands, and without any power or authority to do so, and that the said grant was and is therefore null and void, and that the right and title to said tract of land, consequently, is vested in the said United States, as will more fully appear by reference to the laws, ordinances and royal regulations aforesaid."
The proceedings of the register and receiver in the claim of Francis P Sanchez, referred to in the answer, were as follows:
"This is a certificate of Thomas de Aguilar, that, in December 1815, Estrada granted Don Juan Percheman,. comet of squadron. of dragoons, for services, two thousand acres of land, at a place called Ockliwaha, on the St John's river. In 1819, Percheman sold to Sanchez. In the memorial of the clainant to this board, he speaks of a survey-made by authority in 1819. If tis had been produced it would have furnished some support to the certificate of Aguilar. As it is, we reject the claim."
The pbtitioner, by an amended. petition filed on the 14th of December 1830, stated that the register and receiver of the United States for East Florida, in their final report on the land claims,, transmitted on the 12th December 1828 to the secretary of the treasury, reported the clam of the petitioner as rejected.on the ground that the claim depended on a certificate only of Don Thomas Aguilar, notary of the Spanish government in East Florida, and he averred that his claim depended on an original grant or file iL the office of the public archives of East Florida, a certified copy of which is filed with the petition in the court, dated 8th December 1815.
The amended petition also states that the sale made by hun

JANUARY TERM 1833
[United States v. Perchcman.]
of the tract of land described in the original petition, was a conditional sale and no more.
It alsdstates that the register and receiver further reported that the survey of the tract of land, made by the authority of the Spamsh government, was not produced to them but the petitioner avers the contrary, for that the survey was filed with the claim and was before them when they examined the same, for the truth of which averment a certificate from the keeper of the office of archives was filed with the amended petition.
On the-hearing of the case before the supreme court for the district of East Florida, the claimant,-by his counsel, offered in evidence a copy from the office of the keeper of public arcluves of the original grant on which this claun is founded, to the receiving of which in evidence the said attorney for the United States objected, alleging that the original grant itself should be produced, and its execution proved, before it could be admitted in evidence, and that the original only could be received in evidence which objection, after argument from the counsel, was overruled by the court, and the copy from the office of the keeper of the public archives, certified according to law, was ordered to be received in evidence. And the court further ordered, that though by the express statute of this territory, copies are to be received in evidence, yet, in cases where either the claimant or the United States shall suggest that the original in the office of the keeper -of the public archives is deemed necessary to be produced in court, on motion therefor, a subpena will be issued by order of the court to the said keeper, to appear and produce the said original in court for die examination there.
The court proceeded to a decree in the case, and adjudged that the claim of the petitioner as presented was within its jurisdiction-" that the grant is valid, that it ought to be, and by viitue of the statute of the 26th of May 1830, and of the late treaty between the United States and Spain, it is confirmed."
The United States appealed to this court.
The case was argued by Mr Taney, attorney-general, for the United States, and by Mr White, for the appellee.

SUPREME COURT
[United States v. Percneman.]
For the United States it was contended 1. That the copy of the grant and other proceedings produced by the petitioner, were not admissible in evidence, but the original papers ought to have been produced. 2. That the court had not jurisdiction of the case under the act of congress of May 26, 1830; the claim in question having been finally acted npon and rejected by the register and receiver. 3. If the court had jurisdiction of the claim, the suit could be maintained only by Francis P Sanchez, to whom Percheman bad conveyed his interest, and the court erred in confirning and decreeing the land to Percheman. 4. That if these points are against the United States, the authority exercised- by the Spanish governor in making the grant to the appellee, was not within the royal order of the king of Spain. A]s to. the first point, the admissibility in evidence of certified copies of the grant and other proceedings, the attorney-general .cited the act of congress of May 26, 1824, sect. 4, of May 23, 1828, and the Laws of Florida of July 3, 1823, sect. 4. As to the second point, that the court had not jurisdiction of the case under the act of May 26, 1830, the claim having been finally acted upon and rejected, lie cited the fourth section of that law. The acts of congress made the decision of the corn-missioners, and afteiwards of the register and receiver, final in all cases under tnee thousand five hundred acres. For the correctness of this position lie referred to the various provisions of the laws on the 'subject of the claims to lands in Florida, which are found in the first, fourth, fifth and slth sections of the act of May 8, 1822, the second section of the act of March 3, 1823 , the fourth and fifth sections of the act of February 8, 1827, and the fourth and sixth sections of the act of May 23, 1828. The language and provisions of all these laws, he contended, sustain the position that the decision of the register and receiver upon the claim of the appellee was final, as his claim was within three thousand five hundred acres. The act of congress of May 26, 1824 gave jurisdiction to decide on all claims to lands in Missouri. In Axkansm the jurisdiction was confied to claims not exceeding one league

JANUARY TERM 1833.
(United States v. Pcrcheman.]
square. No argument can therefore be drawn in favour of the jurisdiction m Florida from that given in Missouri.
The restrictive words m the act of 1828 are not in the act of 1824, and their introduction shows that the legislature, warned by experience, did not mean to give. the same jurisdiction which it had given before.
Nor did the act of 26th May 1830 mean.to extend the jurisdiction beyond that given by the law of 1828. It uses strong words of restriction. It refers to the jurisdiction given by "he law of 1828, and not that given by the act of 1824.
It is said, that the act of 1830, section 4, would be nugatory according to this construction. If that were the case, it would not alter the plain meaning of the words.
The legislature intended to provide for any cases which, in the various legislation on that subjedt, might, by possibility, be found not to have been finally acted on, and to supersede the necessity of further legislation. The fact that no such case existed, and that there is notlng for at to operate on, and that, there were no cases brought to the view of the legislature for which this section provides, cannot affect its construction.
Congress meant to provide for any unforeseen contingency, and any cases unknown or. overlooked, which had not been finally acted on.
As to the tlrd point, that if the court had jurisdiction, the claim could only be maintained by Francis P Sanchez, it was argued, that the provisions of the act of 1824 required that the party having title must file the petition. the language of the section which gives the power to the commissioners to decide is, "to hear and determine all questions relative to the title of the clainants." Thus, the title under which a claimant presents himself must be exhibited, and the decision of the commissioners, and afterwards of the register and receiver, must be upon the title. The conveyance of the appellee to Sanchez was absolute; it gave hin all the title and rights derived fiom the grant of the Spamsh governor; it made lum the legal owner of the tract of land described -in the grant, and thus hy him only, or by those holding under him, could a petition be presentcd under the provisions of the act of congress.
The petition of the appellee was a suit m chaicery against

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Percheman.]
the United States, by a person who claims the title against every one else, and he must show his title, and establish it as a complete title, before he can be relieved. Cited, act of congress of 1824, sect. 6, act of 1830, sect. 4. How can land be decreed to one in a court of chancery, when it appears to the court that he is not entitled to it, and that another is the owner of it!
To sustain the position that, governor Estrada was not authorized by the royal order of the king of Spain to make the grant to the appellee, it was argued, that the powers of the governor did not extend to the issuing of grants for so large a tract of lands as that claimed by the petitioner in this case. The royal order of-March 29, 1815, Whit-'s Collection of Land Laws, 248; th, letter of governor Kenderland to the captaingeneral of Cuba, White's Collection of Land Laws, 247, were cited. Also, The Umted States v. Arredondo, 6 Peters, 727, 728.
Mr White, for the appellee. The appellee, who was petitioner in the court below, obtained a decree of confirmation to his claim of two thousand arpens of land in East Florida. From that decree the Umted States have appealed, and the grounds upon which that appeal was taken, have been explained by the attorney-general. This case is one of great importance, because it involves a principle common to a number of others, and more especially because it concerns the honour and good faith of the government of the United States. The title set up by the petitioner, an officer in the service of the king of Spain, is admitted to be genuine. It was made by the governor of East Florida, in pursuance of a royal order promulgated in 1815. It was made to one of the officers, specially designated as a person intended to be benefited by the royal bounty which dictated the ordinance. The*grant was made as a remuneration for services rendered by the claimant to the province at a time of great peril, occasioned by external invasion and internal insurrection. The grant was made prior to the limitation contained in the treaty, and was presented to the commissioners

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States v. Perchernan.]
appointed to ascertain clais and titles to land in East Florida. Upon this stateof the facts presented on the record, three points will be submitted on the part of the appellee to the consideration of the court, and relied upon in support of the decree of the court belolw.
1. This title was confirmed by the treaty of the 22d of February 1819.
2. It is not competent for congress to pass any law authorizmg any tribunal created under its authority to invalidate such a title.
3. By the act of 1830 this court has jurisdiction of the case. The first point involves the construction of the treaty. Whether is the eighth article executory or executed? This requires an examination into the article itself, and the negotiations which led to it.
By the treaty of the 22d of February 1819, Spain ceded the Flondas to the United States.
The latter acquired these provinces and their appendages in full sovereignty, including all public grounds and edifices, and all vacant lands which were not private property. Article 2d.
It was stipulated between the high contracting parties that all grants made by his catholic mdjesty, or his lawful authorities, before the 24th of January 1818, in the ceded territory, should remain confirmed and acknowledged, in the same Manler as they would have been if the provinces had continued under the dominion of his catholic majesty Article 8th. Further time was given to proprietors who had been prevented from fulfilling the conditions of their grants by the recent circumstances of the Spanish monarchy, and the revolutions in Europe.
The inhabitants of the ceded territory were protected in all their rights, and became citizens of the United States. Articles 5th and 6th.
Congress has, from time to time, adopted various legislative provisions for the purpose of preserving the national faith, separating private property from the public domain, and securing the individual titles intended Eo be protected by the treaty.
Commissioners were appointed to examine land claims, with authority to confirm grants not exceeding a certain size, and

SUPREME COURT.
(United States v. Percheman.]
to report those above that limit to congress. When these commissions were dissolted, .similar powers were vested in the register and receiver of the land offices. In some instances, an option was given to the.holders of certain -grants to select a league square within their respective concessions, upon condition of surrendering the residue by deed to the United States. Through these and other means, the titles of the smaller proprietors have, for the most part, been definitively adjusted, and the larger claims alone remain for settlement. These, congress, by act of 23d May 1828, authorized the courts of the territory to hear and deteriine, with an appeal to twe. supreme court of the United States. Several cases have been adjuicated in the courts below. Decisions have been pronounced, not easily recondolable, if not at total variance with each other: appeals have been taken, and the questions discussed are now before this court, whose judgment is deeply interesting, not merely to the parties on the record, but to the numerous other suitors whose rights, or supposed rights, depend on similar principles.
One or two considerations of a general nature may here, it is presumed, be not inappropriately introduced. Those who represent the interests of the United States in some of the cases before the court, have thought proper to assume, as one ground of defence, that the confirmation or rejection of these titles is matter essentially of executive or legislative cognizance, and addresses itself exclusively to their discretion. The question they urge is a political, not a judicial one, and is equally unfit to be submitted to; and mcapable of being decided -bya court. Waiving all considerations of the hardship and mockery of referring claimants under a treaty to a tribunal-incompetent to afford them redress-forbearing to touch on the indecorum of a construction wluch attributes to congress an act of futile or deceptive legislation-it will be enough to say that this interpretation, it is believed, has been once considered and rejected. Soulard's case, 4 Peters, 511.
The argument, indeed, amounts to little more than thiswehave bound ourselves to do what Spam would have done. What that is, we kniow not. and havng referred the questior to thosewho cannot decide it, we will therefore do nothing.

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States v. Percheman.]
Perfidy often wears the mask of subtlety, as well from shame as cowardice: but it is seldom that the counsellors of bad aith, if they condescend to argue at aii, are satisfied with a defence so feeble..
The act of congress requires the court to examine and decide upon these claims in conformity with the law of nations, the treaty, aud the laws of Spare.
It is proposed to consider the subject in reference to each of these several rules of decision.
1. The law of nations. It is conceived .that, ac'!ording .to the mitigated rights of war, bs now well understood and settled'by international law, the lands of mdividuals "re safe even.after conquest, Vattel, b. 3, c. 13, sect. 200: much less can a cession, of itself, destroy private rights. Absolute or perfect grants, itis'believed, would be protected by the law of nations, independent of the treaty. Some legislative recognition of their validitymight indeed be necessary to sustain a suit upon them. in our courts, but the national obligation to respect them could hardly-be denied. It is in behalf of concessions or inchoate grants that the stipulations of the treaty were most requisite and important. To the acts of the Span sh government in tins respect, not merely the authority of res adjudicata,such as -belongs to all foreign sentences and decrees, was given by the treaty; its effect was to make binding on us, all that would have been-valid against Spain, and to oblige us to complete whatever she, in good faith had begun, but left unfinished. A detailed examination of the maxims of customary international law, as they woulA bear upon the rights of proprietors of land in Florida, is, not called for in the presence of an elpress treaty stipulation, and, in referring to the law of nations as a rule of decision for the courts, congress perhaps had more expressly m view such part of it as relates to the interpretation of treaties. Tns will be more conveniently considered under another head. 2. The treaty. 'This instrument, it is contended, should be most liberally construed. Its interpretation is to be sought in the moives and policy of the parties.; in their words, and in their ats.
'VOL. VII.-I

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Percheman.]
The leading .objects of the United States were, to procure a mare convenient and secure frontier; to command the Gulf of Mexico, the outlet of a large portion of their commerce; to obtain indemnit.y for their merchants, and to secure themselves against the annoyahce they must naturally expect from Florida, in the hands of an enemy, or a false or 'eeble neutral. It is notorious that for more than a century this territory had been a constant source of injury, jealousy, and vexation to the adjoining colonies and states. The colony of Georgia was founded as a barrier against the encroachments of the Spaniards; and the refuge and encouragement afforded by the latter to absconding slaves, hostile Indians, and other incendiaries, was a continued-cause of complaint, from the settlement of Carolina to the Seminole -campaign, In examining the interests and duties of the United States in connexion with this subject, it is not as landed proprietors alone that we must regard them. The rage for new settlements, mdeed, makes this the chief point among the people, and greatly increases the prejudices against the large gr, nts; but the court is far above the contagion of their example.
To consider the cession of Florida merely as a land-jobbing transaction, would, be doing great injustice to the liberal and enlightened policy which sought this valuable acquisition, with steady calmness, through so long a course of evasion and delay Yet its value even in that point of view is not unworthy of notice. Thirty-five millions and a half of acres, of which,up to the 30th of June 1828, but little more than a million and a half had been granted or sold, (Reports of Committees, H. R. No. 95, 2d session 20th congress), will surely, -after making a most liberal allowance for the satisfaction of unsettled land claims, more than refund to us the five millions -paid to our own merchants. Computing but trty millions at the mmum ipilce to which it is proposed to reduce the refuse lands, the United States will receive back their principal from the soil, and obtain the sovereignty for nothing.
It is admitted that,.m the cession of a province, the disposition of the-Inhabitants.and their effects is a question of policy between the.parties. To divest them of their rights of property is, however, in modern times, an unheard of cruelty. Usually

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States v. Percheman.]
the option is allowed them of becoming subjects of the new govermment, or of selling their estates, and removing within a specified period. Such were the terms of cession of this very province *from Spain to Britain in 1763;- and-from Britain to Spain twenty years afterwards. It will be borne in mind by the court that population rather than'land is the want of the United States; that their policy as to naturalization is as liberal as that which the wisest modem philosopher has praised in th . greatest of the ancient republics; and that sovereignty, not soil, was the great motive for the acquisition.
Our government, it may safely be iffirmed, neither contemplated the expulsion of the ancient inhabitants, nor any injury to their property. The terms held out in the treaty ceding Louisiana, as well as that by which 'Florida was-acquired, show that the United States never intended to grasp a barren sceptre, and wave it over a dispeopled territory. The inhabitants were made citizens. The province -was to become a state. Can it be imagmed that any rational government would act so unwisely, as to receive into their society a large body of foreigners, endow them with civil rights and political power, and, after rendering them disaffected, by stripping them of their property, leave to these malcontents the protection of an extensive, inportanit, afd exposed frontierq
Many of the motives which must have operated on Spare are equally obvious. She naturally 'wished to extinguish demands, the justice of which had been admitted, while their satisfaction had been evaded until all the arts of procrastination were exhausted. She night desire to get nd of a useless and expensive appendage; and she must have foreseen -that it would probably be wrested from her as an indemnity, if she. trifled much longer with our patience. But, in yielding up the inhabitants with the territory, she would naturally stipulate. most, favourably for the people she was about to surrender. She did not intend to sacrifice them. Their fidelity to her in every vicissitude; the temptations by which they had been assailed, the invasions to which they had been exposed; their sufferings, their constancy, their very helplessness, all pleaded powerfully in their favour.
In the eighth article, two parties were stipulating for the

SUPREME COURT.
rUnited States v. Percheman.]
security and advantage of a third, whom both had the strongest reasons to cherish and protect. It is submitted, therefore, with some degree of 'confidence, that, so far as the motives and policy of the parties afford a key to the meaning of their words, the construction most favourable to the claimants is permitted to, nay, is enjoined upon the court.
Before proceeding to examine the language of the treaty, a few observations on the rules of interpretation may, perhaps, ae pardoned. Jurists generally admit that all grants, contracts, and stipulations are to be taken most strongly against the grantor. Cooper's Justiman, m note, 601. The words of the party promising are to be regarded rather than those of the party to whom the promise is made. Vattel, b. 2, c. 17, sec. 267. Other general rules are to be found m the works of the most esteemed publicists, and must be familiar to the court. Grotius, b. 2, ch. 16, p. 136. Vattel, b. 2, ch. 17, sec. 270. Among the rest, that interpretation which is drawn from the reason of the act is strongly and safely recommended. Vattel, b. 2, c. 17, sec. 287. A .special rule of construction has, moreover, been deduced from the character of the stipulstion itself. Hence the distinction between things favourable and things odious-a distinction recognized by Grotius and Vattel. Grotius, b. 2, ch. 16, sec. 16, p. 148. Vattel, b. 2, ch. 17, sec. 800, 301, 303. The difference between the former, and mere acts of liberality prejudicial to the sovereign, is illustrated by the last named author, (Vattel, b. 2, ch. 17,.sec. 310), in such a manner as leaves no doubt to which class the provisions of the eighth article belong.
What, indeed, can be more clearly entitled to rank among things favourable than engagements between nations securing the private property of faithful subjects, honestly acquired under a government which is on the eve of relinquishing their allegiance, and confided to the pledged -protection of that country which is about to receive them as citizens?
This brings us to the words of the treaty. There is a difference betweenthe English and the Spanish versions of the eighth article. Both are equally originals, but surely the justice and liberality of the United States will extend to the claimants the full benefit of either. The first difference is in render-

JANUARY TERM 1833.
LUnited States v. Percteman.]
ing " conceoones de terrenos" as "grants of land2' Coceszones, it is apprehended, is a term much broader than grants, and comprehends all which we, in the technical language of our land laws, might call entries or warrants of survey or locatioh. The substitution of lawful, in the English, for legitimos, in the Spanish, will be commented on in another place. The residue of the clause, that those grants shall be ratified and confirmed to the persons in possession of the lands, to the same extent that the same grants would be valid, &c. is by no means equivalent to the Spanish phraseology. The latter, fairly rendered, is to this effect; "All concessions of land nade by his catholic majesty, or by hIs legitimate authorities, before the 24th January 1818, in the aforesaid territories, which his majesty cedes to the United States, shall remain confirmed and acknowledged to the persons in possession of them (i. e. the concessions), in the same manner that they would have been if the dominion of his catholic majesty over these territories had continued."
The difference between declaring that these grants shall be ratified and confirmed to the persons in possession of the lands, to the same extent that the same grants would have been valid, &c., and,saying that all concessions of land shall remain confirmed and acknowledged to the persons in possession of them (i. e. the title papers), in the same manner that they would have .been, &c., is sufficiently obvious and important. The sense is materially different. The English side of the treaty leaves the ratification of the graits executory-they shall be ratified, the Spanish, executed-they shall continue acknowledged and confirmed, quedaranratificados. Quedan signifies remain or continue, and in this sense is used in the last clause of the same article-quedan anuladasy de mngun valor, remain null and o.. no effect. In the English, possession refers.to the lands; in the Spamsh, to the grants. The relative ellas agrees with the antecedent concesiones; if it referred to terrenos, the relative would have been ellos. No word equivalent to recent is to be found m the Spanish.
It has been supposed, with little reason, that the eighth article might be interpreted to confer a discretion, rather than impose an obligation on the American government. Itis one of the admitted rules of construction, that interpretations .which

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Percheman.]
lead to an absurdity, or render an act nall, are to be avoided. Vattel, b. 2, ch. 17, see. 282, 304.
The king of Spain can annul a grant made by himself without any dlegatiom of surprise or fraud, simply in virtue -f his absolute will and sovereign power. It is too late for us to deny that position, we have recognized it by the treaty The grants to Alagon, Vargas, and Punon Rostro.were annulled. By the treaty we succeed to all the rights of Spain the concessions made by Spam. are to continue valid to the same extent, &c. but will it be asserted that, in succeeding to the rights of Spare, we succeed to the right of his catholic majesty to annul the grants of his subjects I Can it be pretended that the provisions of the eighth article were designed only to leave all grants, perfect and inchoate, as completely at the mercy of the American government as they had been at that of the
Spanish monarchI In attempting to ascertain the true meaning of the parties,
it is humbly conceived we are not confined to the language of the treaty. We may look into the negotiations which preceded'it. In this instance, there is a particular propriety in doing so. "As the instrument of ratification, an essential part of the whole treaty refers to the history of the negotiation it lets in the whole of that history, as matter to be adverted to, according to all the stritness of legal argument, in reasoning on the construction of the claun in question. The matter is thus made capable of being argued as if the question were upon an act of parliament, or private deed reciting the circumstances under which it was obtained. One might, therefore, rest, as elucidating the case, upon all the authorities which establish, with respect to private and diplomatic instruments, that, however general and comprehensive particular expressions may be, they ought, in their effect, to be confined to the particular object the parties had in view. The reports of the court of chancery in England contain a variety of instances as to the restriction of deeds, however widely expressed, to the parti&ular object of the parties, founded on a review of the cir-
cumstances under whichbthey were made. (Vide Cholmondly and Clinton.) It is also observed by Vattel (268), that we are to interpret a clause in the itmost latitude that the stnct

JANUARY TERM 1833.
tUnited States v. Percheman.]
and appropriate meaning of the words will admit of,. if it appears that the author had in view every thing which that strict and appropriate meaning comprehends but we must merpr~t it in a more limited sense.when it appaars probable. that the author did not.mean it to extend to every thing which the strict propriety of the terms might be made to include." MS. Opinion of sir John Joseph Dillon on Rattenbury's grant.
A short sketch of the negotiations, with some brief extracts and references, will therefore be submitted. In January 1818 the government of the United States ploposed to the Chevalier de Oms to terminate all differences m the following terms
1. Spain to cede all territory eastward of the Mississippi. 2. The eastern boundary to be the Colorado. S. Claims for mdemnities to be. referred to commissioners.
4. The lands m East Florida, and to the Perdido, to be hdld as security for the indemnities, but no grant subsequent to
August 11, 1802, to be considered valid. 5. Spain to be released from the payment of the debts. Ly-
man's Diplomacy U. States, vol. 2, p. 133. On the. 24th October 1818, Don Luis de Orns proposes to
cede the Flondas: "the donations or sales of land made by the government of is majesty, or by legal authorities, until this time, are nevertheless to be valid." 1 Executive Papers, 1st sess. 16th cong. 1819, 1820, doc. 2, p. 25.
The secretary of state replies, October 31, 1818, "neither can. the United States recogmze as valid all theigraiits of land uptil this time, and at the.same time renounce all their claims for indemnity." Ue adverts o the notice given to the government of Spain, that all the grants lately made within those territories. (i. e. to Alagon, Vargas, &c.) must be cancelled, unless some other adequate fund should be provided to satisfy the claims of the United States and their citizens. 1 Executive Papers, 1st sess. 16th cong. 1819, 1820, doc. 2, p. 25.
De Onis rejoins, 10th November 1818, "my second proposal has been admitted by your government, with this modification, that all grants and sales of land made by his catholic majesty, or by lawful Spanish authorities in the.Flondas, from
the year 1802 to the present, shall be null and void. To this modification, in its absolute sense, I cannot assent, in as much

SUPREME COURT.
[United States Y. Percheman.]
as it is offensive to.the dignity and mprescriptible rights of the crown of Spain, which, as the legitimate owner of both the Flondas, had a right to dispose of those lands as it pleased and, further, as the said modification would be productive of incalculable injury to the bona fide possessors, who have acquired, settled, and improved those tracts of land."
"The extent of what'I can agree to is, that the late grants made by his catholic majesty in the Floridas since the 24th of Jatiuary last, the date of my first note, announcmg his majesty's willingness to cede them to the United States (the said grants havingibeen made with a view to promote population, cultivation and industry, and not with that of alienating them), shall be declared null and void, m consideration of the grantees not -having complied with the essential condition of the cession, as has been the fact." 1 Ex. Papers, 1st sess. 16th cong. doe. 2, p. 26.
On the 9th of February 1819, the minister of Spare submitted his project of a treaty. The ninth article, answering to the eighth of the present treaty, is as follows
"All grants of lands made by his catholic majesty, or his legitimate authorities, m the aforesaid territories of the two Flondas, and others which his majesty cedes to theUnited States, shall be confirmed and acknowledged as valid, exceptmg those grants which may have been made after the 24th of January of last year, the date that the first proposals were made for the cession of those proyinces, which shall be held null, in consideration of the grantees not having complied with the. conditions of the cession." 1 Ex.Papers, 1st sess. 16th cong. dc. 2, p. 37.
On the 13th of February 1819, the American secretary offered his counter project, in which the eighth article proposed stands thus
"All grants of land made by or in the name of his catholic majesty in the aforesaid-territon es, after the 24th of January 1818, shall be held-null, the conditions of the said grants not havingteen performed by the-grantees. All grants made be-fore that date by his catholic majesty, or by his legitimate authorities in the .-aid territories, the conditions 'of which shall have been performed by the granthes according to the tenorof

TANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States v. Percheman.]
their respective grants, and none other, shall be confirmed and acknowledged as valid." 1 Ex. P-'ners, 1st sess. 16th cong. doe. 2, p. 43.
In the minute or protocol of conferences preserved by M. Hyde de Neuville, whose good offices were interposed on this occasion, the following entry will be found:
"qrticle ezghth. This article cannot be vaned from what is contained in the chevalier's project, as the object of the last clause therein is merely to save the honour and dignity of the sovereignty of his catholic-majesty.
",Note. of Mr .fdants tb reon. Agreed, with the following explanation that all grants of land which shall not-be annulled by this convention are valid to the same extent as they are binding on his catholic majesty.
" Remarks of X. De .N'euville. The secretary of state observed to me, that the federal government would, most assuredly, never entertain thfe idea of disturbing individuals who were vested with a bona fide tile to their property, but, as a treaty ought not to cover fraudulent practices, so no more could be asked of the Unite. States than could be offered by his catholic majesty that, being in this case substituted for his majesty, they would scrupulously fulfil their engagements, but that more could not be.expected 6f them.
"The secretary of state even proposes, if M. De'Onis wishes it, that the article shal be inserted in the treaty as proposed by the minister of Spain, on condition that the above explanation shall be given in the form of a note. The federal government, unwilling to leave any thing in -a state of doubt or uncertainty, only wish to place on the most secure footing whatever is just and honourable, and is at the same time perfectly satisfied that his catholic maj.esty neither asks nor wishes more." I Ex. Papers, 1st sess. 16th cong. doc. 2, p. 48.
The eighth article was finally inserted as it at pres6nt stands; but doubts arising whether the recent large grants were effectualy excluded by the words of the treaty, Mr Adams writes to the Chevalier De Onis on the 10th March 1818, that it was listinctly understood that the grants to Alagon, Vargas and Punon Rostro, were all annulled by the treaty, as much as if they had been specifically named, and that they will be so
VOL. VII.-K

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Percheman.]
held by the United States. 1 Ex. Papers, 1st sess. 16th cong. doe. 2, p. 63.
Mr Adams, on the 14th July 1819, submits to M. De Neuville the following observations on the eighth article "M. De Neuville's particular attention is requested to the difference between the two projected articles, because it will recall particularly to his remembrance the point upon which the discussion concerning this article turned. By turning to the written memorandum, drawn up by M. De Neuville himself, of this discussion, he will perceive he has noted that M. De Oms insisted that tls article could not be varied from what was contained in the chevalier's project, as the object of the last clause therein was merely to save the honour and dignity of the sovereignty of his catholic majesty."
It was then observed by Mr Adams, that the honour and dignity of his catholic majesty would be saved by recognizing the grants prior to the 24th of January, as "valid to the same extent as they were binding on is catholic majesty ;" and he agreed to accept the article as drawn by M. De Ores, with this explanation. (See M. De Neuvile's memorandum.) It was on this occasion that VE. De Neuville observed, that, if the grants prior to Januai 24, 1818, were confirmed only to the same extent that they were binding on the king of Spain, there were many bona fide grantees, of long standing, in actual possession of their grants, and having actually made partial settlements upon them, but who had been prevented by the extraordinary circumstances in which Spain had been situated, and the revolutions in Europe, from fulfilling all the conditions of their grants, that it would be very harsh to leave these persons liable to a forfeiture, which might indeed, in rigour, be exacted from them, but which very certainly never would be, if they had remained under the Spanish dominion. It will be remembered by M. De Neuville how earnestly he insisted upon this equitable suggestion, and how strongly he disclaimed for M. De Onis every wish or intention to cover, by a provision for such persons, any fraudulent grants. And it was then observed by M. De Neuville, that the date assumed, of 24th of January 1818, was not sufficient for guarding against fraudulent grants, because they might be easily antedated. It was with refer-

JANUARY TERM 1833.
(United States v. Percheman.]
ence to these suggestions of M. De Neuville, afterwards again strenuously urged by M. De Oms, that the article was finally modified as it now stands m the treaty, declanng all grants subsequent to 24th January 1818, absolutely null, and those of pnor date valid to the same extent only that they would have been binding on the king; but allowing to bona fide grantees, m actual possession, and having commenced settlements, but who had been prevented by the late circumstances of the Spamsh nation, and the revolutions in Europe, from fulfilling all the conditions of their grants, time to complete them. The terms of the article accom precisely with the intentions of all the parties to the negotiation, and the signature of the treaty. If the dates of the grants are subsequent to the 24th of January 1818, they are annulled by the date; if pnor to that date, they are null, because not included among the prior grants co4firmed. 1 Ex. Papers, 1st sess. 16th cong. pp. 68, 69.
From all- these documents, the clear inference is, that the great subject of anxietywith our negotiator was the large grants to Alagon, Vargas, and Punon Rostro. It was against them almost alone that the article was directed. The American government, indeed, at one time, proposed to carry the date back to 1802, by which means they would have excluded the claims. of Forbes, Arredondo, and others, with whose existence there is every reason to believe they were perfectly well acquainted. But this pretension was speedily abandoned. If there appeared a distinct declaration on the part of the .Aanerican government that the sole object of the eighth article was to exclude the grants to Alagon, Punon Rostro, and Vargas, such declaration, it is apprehended, would be conclusive. It could no longer be deemed just or honourable to apply the question ordinary and extraordinary to other.grants, dated before the 24th January 1818, with a view of extorting from them by legal subtlety something which should debar their proprietors the benefits of that venry article which was framed solely to admit them, and to exclude others. Yet, it is respectfully submitted, that no express admission of the fact could be stronger than the implication arising from this correspondence. If, however, an explicit avowal on the part of our government will alone be received, we refer to the message of the president to congress, in which

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Percheman.]
he tells that body, "it was the intention of the parties to annul these latter grants, and ihat-clause was drawn for that express purpose, and none other."? 1 Ex. Papers, 1st sess. 16th cong. 1819, 1820, doc. 2, p. 5.
May we not ask whether this is the sole purpose to which it is now sought to be applied, and how far it is consistent with justice and good faith to extend the effect of the clause in question beyond what either of the parties contemplated at the time of its adoption q
The application of the common law principle, that a grant may be absolutely void where the officer issuing it had no authority, is insisted "on and it is asserted that the royal governors of the. Spamsh colomes had no power to make sales or donations of the public lands, except in very limited quantities and under numerous restrictions. An inquiry into the truth of this assertion willbe attempted, according to the limited means within our power, and the more readily because of the intimations thrown out by this court in the cases of Soulard and Smith. 4 Peters's Reports.
Every fair presumption is against these supposed limitations. Legal' or constitutional restrictions upon the power of the king or his officers, according to our ideas of them, are inconsistent with the character of the Spamsh monarchy. They are hardly comprehensible by a native of that country, and have been rejected, 'together with the constitutional monarchy, by the people of Spain. How is it possible to ieconcile limitations of power with the fundamental maxim, "the will of the ptince has the force of a law "
Portions of the royal authority, as arbitrary as that of the king himself, were entrusted to the several governors of provinces, each of whom, within the limits of his own government; was the image of his sovereign, and, in practice at least, and in popular opinion also, absolute. The only restraints upon his acts were hisinstructions, and .accountability to the "n.g, but the royal instructions, and the resuleneza, or account of his transactions, which the governor was obliged to give, were not properly legal limitations upor'hs-power, but rather directions for the exercise of his discretion, and securities for his good behaviouir.

JANUARY TERM 1833.
(United States v. Percheman.]
Every nation has its own manner of securing the fidelity of its agents. Free governments are constructed upon the pnnciple of enthisting as little power as possible, and providing against its abuse preventively by all species of checks and limitations. Arbitrary ones proceed upon the-prnciple of bestowing ample powers and .extensive discretion, and guarding against their abuse by prompt and strict, accountability and severe punishment. Both have been invented by mankind for purposes of mutual defence and common justice, but the pervading spirit of the one is preventive, of the other vzndicatory.
How absurd would it be, then, to apply the maxims of the one government to the acts of the other. As well might we. judge the life of Pythagoras by the law of the New Testa. ment, or the philosophy of Zoroaster -by that of Newton,. as subject the administration of a.Spanfsh governor to the test of magna charta, the bill of rights,. the habeas corpus act, or the principles of American constitutional law.
Even the laws of the Indies, obscure, perplexed, and sometimes even unintelligible as they are, hardly reached across the ocean, and the decline of the Spanish, like that of the Roman empire, was marked by the absolutism of the distant prefects.
Nor were the offices of, captain general, intendant or subdelegate, sinecures. Entrusted with the command and defence of remote and exposed possessions; often reduced to the greatest extremities, for the want of money and supplies; neglected' by the feeble government of the mother country, they were yet expected to guard the colony; .and execute the most rigorous system of monopoly, amid greedy neighbours and an impoverished people. They were frequently obliged to create .their own resources, and-some idea of their difficulties, and the devotion and address which surmounted them, may be formed by remembering how long the able but cruel Morilla protracted a desperate warfare, amid eve ry -snecies of. distress and destitution.
Their first duty was to preserve his catholic majesty's province, committed to their care, and if they did it, and could only do it by some invasions of the fisc, or dilapidations of the royal domain, does it lie with us to complain of their fid.plity to

SUPREME COURT.
(United States v. Percheman.]
him, and vitiate those titles which were devised from a law above all others-necessity Vide White's Land Laws, 235, 7 Ex. Doc. p. 2, 1824, 1825. Also, MS. Extracts from Col. M'Kee's Correspondence.. See also the letter of Gov. Chester to the Earl of Dartmouth, MS. Letter Book, West Florida, 18th Nov. 1775, p. 34.
This general outline of the treaty, the negotiations which led to it, the objects of the contracting parties, cannot fail to be considered by the court in the adjudication of every case presented to it. If it be considered, as it has been proved and admitted in part in another case decided at the last term, that the treaty itself operated as a confirmation of every legitimate and valid title which "emanated from hIs catholic majesty, or his lawful authorities prior to the 24th of January 1818;" it only remains to be shown that this was such a title.
Juan Percheman was an officer in the Spanish service at the period of the invasion of that province in 1812, 1813. He was referred. to by name in the royal despatch, and this grant was made m absolute property to him as a remuneration for his services.
How is it attempted by the government agents to defeat so just and equitable a claim I The first ground taken is, that "the copy of the grant is ii6t admissible evidence, but the orgnal ought to have been produced and proved."
This involves the question, what is a copy, and what an original, under the Spanish government, as defined by the Spanish laws. This is a paper certified by the escribano of government to be a full copy of the petition and decree of the governor of East Florida. It is, in fact, the original grant. The petition and decree of the governor are preserved m the office of the escribano, are placed there in paper books as composing the dilligenciasof his office.
These papers never go out, any more than the notes of the surveyors, upon which a grant issues in the United States. In this country the original patent, signed by the governor or president, is delivered to the patentee, and the copy is retained in' the office. Now, if we are asked why this is so, the answer is, "ita lex scripta est." It is the law and the custom of Spare and her provinces,. and it would be as reasonable to ask, why

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States -. Percheman.]
has she not adopted the common law of England I The decree of the governor has been certified under his seal of office, and the seal and signature proved.
Tho second point relied upon by the agents of the United States, to avoid the confirmation of this grant, is, the court has not jurisdiction, the claim having been finally settled by the rejection of the register and receiver.
If the title was confirmed by the treaty, which is the supreme law of the land, the United States have no power to create a tribunal "1finally to reject a claim," without an appeal to this court. Such an act would directly violate the treaty, and must be considered void.
The decisions of the commissioners and register and receiver have never been considered final by congress itself. In every report made since the date of the Louisiana treaty upon claims, which the commissioners nominally had power to decide, an act of congress has been deemed necessary to 'consummate the title.
There is a case in point in the very act relating to the report, m which it is contended that this claim has been finally rejected.
The first section of the act of congress to confine it, provides, that all the cases except those subsequent to a certain period, are confirmed and approved. Here the government agents have two horns of a dilemma. If the decrees of this register and receiver, like the laws of the Medes and Persians, are irre.versible, it must operate both ways. It will not do for any honest government to say it is final when in our favour, aliter when against us. If the proposition be maintained that a register and receiver appointed to sell lands, and who were not selected with reference to -their ability to decide those delicate legal questions, have been invested with such extraordinary powers. over the rights of individuals, it will follow of course that all such as were excluded by congress were inproperly excluded, and the decision which bars the hope of redress against this claim will give confirmation to all those rejected. ,A contrary doctrine would involve the absurd consequence of the-assumption by congress of judicial power, and of its bxercise in,reversing the decisions of a tribunal vested with aitlie-

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Perhelan.]
rity by law to decide in the last resort, or, to use the larigiiagb of the attorney-general, "finally to decide." The register and receiver never had such a power, and it was not competent to congress to confer it without a palpable violation of the treaty. The register and receiver never had power to decide this case at all, and consequently could not have rejected it. The cases which were authorized to be presented to commissioners, divided themselves into two classes, one of which the commissioners decided subject to the approval of congress, and the other they reported to the secretary of the treasury.
This was regulated by the quantity. The act of 1822 required them to decide clais under one thousand acres, and report all over that quantity. The act of 1823 increased the quantity, in certain cases, to three thousand five'hundred acres. These specified cases were such as where the owners were in the actual possession and occupation of the land at the date of the treaty It was intended to give a preference to actual occupants, who have always been deservedly favourites with the congress of the United States. This was a case in which the owner, Juan Percheman, was not in possession at the date of the treaty, and consequently the register and receiver could only report, and not decide his case. The report was made, and opposite the name of the claimant with a short note was written "rejected." In this state this case was presented to congress. It is evident that it was not prepared before the register and receiver. This report was made after the act of 1828. That act disposed of all claims under a league square, and referred all over that quantity to the courts for decision.
This brings us to the question of jurisdiction in this case. It is contended that the court cannot take jurisdiction of any case under a league square. That is admitted under the act of 1828. This is a very different case. The act of 1830 did not dispose of these cases. A part were referred by the first section back to the register and receiver, requiring them to report the evidence. Some were confirmed. This one was rejected without the power to reject, because it was over one thousand, and under three thousand five hundred acres, without proof of actual possession. The first section of the act of 1830 disposes of certain Spanish claims. The second, of coft-

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States v. Percheman.]
flicting Spanish and British claims. The third, of British claims. The fourth section provides that "all the remaining claims which have been presented according to law, and not finally acted upon, shall be adjudicated and finally settled upon the conditions, restrictions, and limitations of the act of 1808." The claim of Percheman was a "remaining claim not finally acted upon;" because I have shown it could not be finally acted upon by the register and receiver. It was one of those which the law declared should be adjudicated upon the pnnciples of the act of 1828. It will be observed by the court, that this act says nothing about the quantity of lana.
The question then arises, whipch must be decisive of the point of jurisdiction, do the words "adjudicated and settled upon the conditions, restrictions and limitations" of another law, confine the quantity to the amount authorized by that law I All these relate to the quo =odo of the adjudication. The conditions are, that they are to file a bill, conduct their case, &c. The restrictions are, that certain evidence shall be admitted, and certain dates regarded. The limitations, that they shall be presented within a certain time. All these relate to the mode of conducting the cases remaining. This is too plain to require argument.
The third point relied upon by the United States is, that the land was conveyed by the grantee to F P Sanchez. Whether this land belongs to Percheman or Sanchez must be perfectly
immateral to the United States. If confirmed to Percheman, it operates eo instanti as a confirmation to Sanchez. The attempt to hunt up a deed conditional or absolute, is but an expedient to avoid the trial of the merits of -the case, in the favourable decision of which the United States, as a jtst government, ought to feel as much solicitude as in the performance of the most sacred national obligation. These pleas in abatement and technical niceties, may serve to retard the country, impoverish individuals, promote litigation, and .embarrass public justice, at the expense of individual rights and public faith. They never can receive the sanction or countenance of this court. If the petition had been filed i the name of Sanchez, and the astuteness of the government agents could have discovered the point, we should have been thrown out of
VoLe. VII.-L

SUPREME COURT.
[United'States v. Percheman.]
court, because possession is necessary to give validity to a deed, and because the seal is to the name of the attorney, and not to that of the grantee. Such a deed conveys no title, and might have been excluded. The record shows, however, that the contract was to be void unless the title was confirmed. The act of congress for 1823, dispenses with the deraignment of title, and this case is to be decided not only according to "the treaty," but the "proceedings under the same." That act, being one of the proceedings under the treaty, dispenses with the production of deeds froW the grantee; and sub-proprietors have a right to file their petition in the name of the original grantee.
The last point made by the attorney-general was, that the governor had no right to grant. This question has been raised in every Spamsh case.
Such a point could not have been expected, in the face of the royal order commanding him to grant to the individual in question by name. This question was settled at the last term, and although an attempt has been made to reverse that decision by a bill in congress, the judiciary committee put the seal upon it by a unanimous rejection. Upon the subject of the powers of Spanish governments, the court is furnished with translations from Soloozano's Politica Indiana. This author is one of the most celebrated of the Spanish commentators. His authority was considered unquestionable by lord Ellenborough in the court of lkng's bench, in the trial of The King v. Picton, governor of Trinidad, 3 State Trials.
Mr Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion of the Court.
This is an appeal from a decree pronounced by the judge of the superior court for the district of East Florida, confirming the title of the appellee to two thousand acres of land lying in that territory, which he claimed by virtue of a grant from the Spanish governor, made in December 1815. The title laid before the district court by the petitioner, consists of a petition presented by himself to the governor of East Florida, praying for a grant of two thousand acres of land in the place called Ockliwaha. situated on the margins of St John's river; which

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States v. Percheman.]
he prays for in pursuance of the royal order of the 29th of
March 1815, granting lands to the military who were in St Augustine during the invasion in the years 1812 and 1818, to which the following grant is attached.
St Augustine of Florida, 12th of December 1815. Whereas this officer, the party interested, by the two certificates inclosed, and which will be returned to him for the purposes which may be convenient to him, nas proved the services which he ren&ered in the defence of this province, and in consideration also of what is provided in the royal order of the 29th of March last past, which he cites, I do grant hun the two thousand acres of land which he solicits, in absolute property, in the indicated place, to which effect let a certified copy of this petition and decree be issued to him from the secretary's office, in orde that it may' be to hun in all events an equivalent of a title in form.
ESTRAD .
In a copy of the grant, certified by Thomas de Aguilar, secretary of his majesty's government, the wdrds "which documents will at all events serve hin as a title in form," are employed instead of the words "in order that it may be to him in all events an equivalent of a title in form."
The petitioner also filed his petition to the governor for an order of survey dated the 31st of December 1815, which was granted on the same day; and a certificate of Robert M'Hardy, the surveyor, dated the 20th of August 1813, that the survey had been made.
The attorney of the United States for the district, in his answer to this petition, states, that on the 28th of November 1823 the petitioner sold and conveyed his right in and-to the said tract of land to Francis-P Sanchez, as will appear by the deed of conveyance to which he refers; that the claim, was presented by the said Francis P Sanchez to the register and receiver, while acting as a board of commissioners to ascertain claims and titles to land in East Florida, and was finally acted upon and rejected by them, as.appears by a copy of their report thereon. As the tract claimed by the petitioner contains less than three thousand five hundred acres of land, and had been reiected hv the register and receiver acting as a board of com.

SUPREME COURT
[United States v. Percheman.]
missioners, the attorney contended that the court had no jurisdiction of the case.
At the trial the counsel for the claimant offered in evidence a copy from the office of the keeper of public archives, of the original grant. on which the claim is founded, to the receiving of which in evidence the attorney for the United States objected, alleging that the original grant itself should be procured, and its execution proved. This objection was overruled by the court, and the copy from the office of the keener of the public archives, certified according to law, was admitted. The attorney for the United States excepted to this opinion.
It appears, fiom the words of the grant, that the original was not in possession of the grantee. The decree which constitutes the title, appears to be addressed to the officer of the government whose duty it was to keep the originals and to issue a copy. Its language, after granting in absolute property, is, "for the attainment of which let a certified cppy of this petition and decree be issued to him from the secretary's office, in order that it may be to him in all events equivalent to a title in form" This copy is, in c3ntemplation of law, an original.
It appears too from the opinion of the judge, "that by an express statute of the territory, copies are to be received in evidence." The judge added, that "where either party shall suggest that the original, in the office of the keeper of the public archives, is deemed necessary to be produced in court, on motion therefor a saibpcena will be issued by order of the court to the said keeper to appear and produce the said oninal for examination."
The act of the 26th of May 1824, "enabling the claimants of lands within the limits of the state of Missouri and territory of Arkansas to institute proceedings to try the validity of their claims," in its fourth section, makes it the duty of "the keeper of any public records who may have possession of the records and evidence of the different tribunals which have been constituted by law for the adjustment of land titles in Missouri, as held by France, upon the application of any person or persons whose claims to lands have been rejected by such tribunals or either of them, or on the application of any person interested,

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States v. Percheman.]
or by the attorney of the United States for the district of Missouri, to furnish copies of such evidence, certified under his official signature, with the seal of office thereto annexed, if there be a seal of office."
The act of the 23d of May 1828, supplementary to the several acts providing for the settlement and confirmation of private land claims m Florida, declares in its sixth section, that certain claims to lands in Florida, which have not been decided and finally settled, "shall be received and adjudicated by the judge -f the superior court of the district within which the land lies, upon the petition of the claimant, according to the forms, rules, regulations, conditions, restrictions and limitations prescribed by (for) the district and claimants in the state of Missouri by act of congress approved May 26th, 1824, entitled "an act enabling the claimants," &c.
The copies directed by the act of 1824 would undoubtedly have been receivable in evidence on the trial of clamis to lands in Missouri. Every reason which could operate with congress for applying this rule of evidence to the courts of Missouri, operates with equal force for applying it to the courts of Florida, and-a liberal construction of the act of May 23d, 1828, admits of this application.
The fourth section of the act of May 26th, 1830, "to provide for the final settlement of land claims ir'Florda," adopts, almost in words, the provision which has been cited from the sixth section of the act of May 23d, 1828.
Whether these acts be or be not construed to authorize the admission of the copies offered in this cause; we think that, on general principles of law, a copy given by a public officer whose duty it is to keep the original, ought to-be received in evidence.
We are all satisfied that the opinion was perfectly correct, and that the copies ought to have been admitted.
We proceed then to examine the: decree which was pronounced, confirming the title of the petitioner.
The general jutisdiction of the courts not extending to suits against the United States, the power of the superior court for the district of East Florida to act upon the claim of the petitioner Percheman, in the form in which it was presented, must be .specially conferred by statute. It is conferred, if at all, by

SUPREME COURT
[United States v. Percheman.]
the act of the 26th of May 1830, entitled "an act to provide for the final settlement of land claims in Florida." The fourth section of-that act enacts "that all the remaining clainis which. have been presented according to law, and notfinally acted upon, shall be adjudicated and finally settled upon the same conditions, restrictions and limitations, in every respect, as are prescribed by the act of congress approved the 23d of Mav 18R28. entitled "an act supplementary," &c.
The claim of the petitioner, it is admitted. "had been presented according to law;" but the attorney for the United States contended, that "it had been finally acted upon." The jurisdiction of the court depends on the correctness of the allegation. In support of it, the attorney for the United States produced an extract from the books of the register and receiver acting as commissioners to ascertain claims and titles to land in East Florida, from which it appears that this claim was presented by Francis P Sanchez, assignee of the petitioner, on which the following entry was made. "In the memorial of the claimant to this board, he speaks of a survey made by authority m 1819. If this had been produced, it would have furnished some support for the certificate of Aguilar. As it is, we reject the claim."
Is this rejection a final action on the claim, in the sense n which those words are used in. the act of the 26th of May 1830q
In pursuing this inquiry, in endeavourng to -ascertain the intention of congress, it may not be improper to review the acts which have passed on the subject, in connexion with the actual situation of the persons to whom those acts relate.
Florida was a colony of Spain, the acquisition of which by the United States was extremely desirable. It was ceded by a treaty concluded between the two powers at*Waslungton, on the 22d day of February 1819.
The second article contains the cession, and enumerates its objects. The eighth contains stipulations respecting the titles to lands in the ceded teiritory.
It may not be unworthy of remark, that it is very unusual, even m cases of conquest, for the conqueror to do more than to displace the sovereign and assume donumon over the country. The modern usage of nations, which h"a become law,

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States v. Percheman.]
would be violated, that sense of justice and of right which is acknowledged and felt by the whole civilized world would be outraged, if private property should be generally confiscated, and, private rights annulled: The people change their alleglance, their relation to their ancient sovereign is dissolved but their relations to each other, and their rights of property, remain undisturbed. If this be the modem rule even in cases of conquest, who can doubt its application to the case of an amicable cession of territoryl Had Florida changed its sovereign by an act containing no stipulation respecting the property of individuals, the right of property in all those who became subjects or citizens of the new government would have been unaffected by the change. It would have remained the same as under the ancient sovereign. The language of the second article conforms to this general principle. "His catholic majesty cedes to the United States in full property and sovereignty, all the territories which belong to him situated to the eastward of the Mississippi, by the name of East and West Florida." A cession of territory is never understood to be a cession of the property belonging to its inhabitants. The king cedes that only Which belonged to him. Lands he had previously granted, were not his to cede. Neither party could so understand the cession. Neither party could consider itself as attempting a wrong to individuals, condemned by the practice of the whole civilized world. The cession of a territory by its name from one sovereign to another, conveying the compound idea of surrendering atthe same time the lands and the people who inhabit them, would be necessarily understood to pass the sovereignty only, and not to interfere with private property. If this could be doubted, the doubt would be removed by the particular enumeration which follows. "The adjacent islands dependent on said provinces, all public lots and squares, vacant lands, public edifices, fortifications, barracks and other buildings which are not private property, archives and documents which relate directly to the property and
sovereignty of the said provinces, are included in this article." This special enumeration could not have been made, had
the first clause of the article been supposed to pass not only the objects thus enumerated, but private property also. The grant

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Perchema].3
of buildings 'could not have been limited by the words "which are not private property," had private property been included in the cession of the territory.
This state of things ought to be kept in view when we construe the eighth article of the treaty, and the acts which have been passed by congress for the ascertainment and adjustment of titles acquired under the Spanish government. That article in the English part of it is in these words. "All the grants of land made before the 24th of January 1818 by his catholic majesty, or by his lawful authorities, in the said territories ceded by his majesty to the United States, shall be ratified and confirmed to the persons in possession of the lands, to the same extent that the same grants would be valid if the territories had remained under the domimon of his catholic majesty."
This article is apparently introduced on the part of Spain, and must be intended to stipulate expressly for that security to private property which the laws and usages of nations would, without express stipulation, have conferred. No construction which would impair that security further than its positive words require, would seem to be admissible. Without it, the titles of individuals would remain as valid under the new government as they were under the old, and those titles, so far at least as they were consummate, might be .asserted in the courts of the United States, independently of this article.
The treaty was drawn up in the Spaish as well as in the English language. Both are originals, and were unquestionably intended by the parties to be identical. The Spanish has been translated, and we now understand that the article, as expressed in that language, is, that the grants "shall remain ratified and confirmed to the persons in possession of them, to the same extent, &c.,"--thus confornling exactly to the umversally received doctrine of the law of nations. If the English and the Spanish parts can, without violence, be made to agree, that construction which establishes this conformity ought to prevail. If, as we think must be admitted, the security of private property was intended by the parties; if this security would have been complete without the article, the United States could have no motive for insisting on the interposition of government in order to give validity to titles which, according

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States Y.Percheman.]
th the usages of the civilized world, were already valid. No violence is done to the language of the treaty by a construction which conforms the English and Spanish to each other. Although the words "shall be ratified and confl med," are properly the words of contract, stipulating for some future legislative act; they are not necessarily so. They may import 'that they "shall be ratified and confirmed" by force of the instrument itself. When we observe that in the counterpart of the same treaty, executed at the same time by the same parties, they are used in tis sense, we think the construction proper, if not unavoidable.
In the case of Foster v. Elam, 2 Peters, 253, this court considered these words as importing contract. The Spamsh part of the treaty was not then brought to our view, and w.e then supposed that there was no variance between them. We did not suppose that there was even a formal difference of expression in the same instrument, drawn up in the language of each party. Had this circumstance been known, we believe it
would have produr.ed the construction which we now give to the.article.
This understanding of the"article, must enter into our construction of the acts of congress on the subject.
The United States had acquired a territory containing near thirty millions of acres, of which about three millions had probably been granted to individuals. The demands of the treasury, and the settlement of the territory, required that the vacant lands should be brought into the market, for winch purpose the operations of the land office were to be .extended into Florida. The necessity of distinguishmg the vacant from the appropriated lands was obvious; and this could be effected only by adopting means to search out and ascertain pre-existing titles. This seems to have been the oojuct of the first legislation of congress.
On the 8th of May 1822, an act was passed, "or ascertainmg claims and titles to land within the territory of Florida."
The first section directs the appointment of commissioners for the purpose of ascertaihing the claims and titles to lands within the territory of Florid;, as acquired by the treaty of the 22d of February 1819.
VOL. VII.-NM

SUPREME COURT.
Eunited States v. Percheman.]
It would seem from the title of the act, and from this declaratory section, that the object for which these commissioners were appointed, was the ascertainment of these claims and titles. That they constituted a board of inquiry,. not a court exercising judicial power and deciding finally on titles. By the act " for the establishment of a territorial government in Florida," previously passed at the same session, superior courts had been established -in East and West Florida, whose jurisdiction extended to the'trial of civil causes between individuals. These commissioners seem.to have been appointed for the special purpose of procuring promptly for congress that information which was required for the immediate operations of the land office. In pursuance of this idea, the second sedtion directs that all the proceedings of the commissioners, the claims aamitted, with those rejected, and the reason of their admssion and rejection, be recorded m a well bound book, and forwarded to the secretary of the treasury to be submitted to congress. To this desire for immediate information we must ascribe the short duration of the board. Their session for East Florida was to terminate on the last of June in the succeeding year; but any claims not filed previous to the 31st of May in that year to be Void, and of none effect.
These provisions show the solicitude of congress to obtain, with the utmost celerity, that information which ought to be preliminary to the sale of the-public lands. The provision, that clains not filed with the commissioners previouh to the 30th of June 1823 should be void, can mean -only that they should be held so by the commissioners, and not allowed by them. Their power should not extend to claims filed afterwards. It is impossible to suppose that congress intended to forfeit real titles not exhibited to their comnssioners within so short a period.
The principal object of this act is further illustrated by the sixth section, which directed the appointment of a surveyor who should survey the country; taking care to have surveyed and marked, and laid down upon a general plhn to be kept in his office, the-metes and bounds of the claims admitted.
'The fourth section might seem in its language to invest the commissioners with judicial powers, and to enable them to de-

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States v. Percheman.1
cide as a court in the first instance, for or against the title in cases brought before them; and to make such decision final if approved by congress. It directs that the "said commissioners shall proceed to examine and determine on the validity of said patents," &c. If, however, the preceding part of the section to which this clause refers be considered, we shall find in it almost conclusive reason for the opimon that the examination and determination they were to make, had relation to the purpose of the act, to the purpose of quieting speedily those whose titles were free from objection, and procuring that information which was necessary for the safe operation of the land office, not for the ultimate decision, which, if adverse, should bind the proprietor. The part of the section describing the clauns into the validity of which the commissioners were to examine, and on which they were to determine, enacts, that every person, &c. claiming title to lands under any patent, &c. "which were valid under the Spanish government, or by the law of nations, and which are not rejected by the treaty ceding the territory of East ana West Florida to the United States, shall file, &c."
Is it possible that congress could design to submit the validity of titles, which were "valid under the Spamsh government, or by the law of nations," to the determnnation of these commissioners 2
It was necessary to ascertain these clains, and to ascertain their location, not to decide finally upon them. The powers to be exercised by the commissioners under these words, ought therefore to be limited to the object and purpose of the act.
The fifth section, in its terms,.enables them only to examine into and confirm the claims before them. They were authorized to confirm those clais only which did not exceed one thousand acres.
From this review of the original act, it results, we think, that the object for which. this board of commissioners was appointed, was to'examine into and report to congress such claims as ought to be confirmed, and. their refusal to report a claim for confirmation, wbether expressed by the term "rejected," or in any other manner, is not to be considered as a final judicial

SUPREME COURT.
(United States v. Percheman.]
decision on,the claim, binding the title of the party; but as a rejection for the purposes of the act.
This idea is strongly supported by a consideration of the manner in which the commissioners proceeded, and by an exanimation of the proceedings themselves, as exhibited in the reports to congress.
The commissioners do -not appear to have proceeded with open doors, deriving aid from the argument of counsel, as is the usage of a judicial tribunal, deciding finally on the rights of parties but to have pursued their inquiries like a board of commissioners, making those preliminary inquiries which would enable the government to open its land office; whose inquiries would enable the government to ascertain the great bulk of titles which were to be confirmed, not to decide ultimately on the titles which those who had become American citizens legally possessed.
On the 3d of March 182:3, congress passed a supplementary act, which also provided for the survey and disposal of the public.lands in East Florida. It authorizes the appointment of a separate board of commissioners for -East Florida, and ,empowers the commissioners to continue their sessions until the second Monday in the succeeding February, when they were to return their proceedings to the secretary of the treasury.
This act dispenses with the necessity of deducing title from the original grantee, and authorizes the commissioners to decide on -the validity of all claims derived from the Spanish government sn favour of actual settlers, where the quantity claimed does not exceed three thousand five hundred acres. The act "to extend the time for the settlement of private land claims in the territory of Florida," passed on the 28th of February'1824, enacts that io person shall be deemed air actual ,settler, "unless such person, or those under whom he claims title, shall have been in the cultivation or occupation of the land, at and.before the period of the cession."
On the 8th of February 1827, congress passed an act extending the time for receiving private land claims in Florida, and directing them to be filed on or before the 1st day of the following November, .with the register and receiver of the dis-

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States v. Percheman.]
trict, "whose duty it shall be to report the same with their decision thereon," on or before the 1st day of January 1828, to be laid before congress at the next Iession.
These acts are not understood to vary the powers and duties of the tribunals authorized to settle and confirm these private land claims.
On the 23d of May 1828 an act passed supplementary to the several acts providing for the settlement and confirmation of private land claims in Florida.
This act continues the power of the register and receiver till the first Monday in the following December, when they are to make a final report, after which it shall not be lavful for any of the claimants to,exhibit any further evidence in support of their claims.
The sixth section of this act transfers to the court all clains "which shall not be decided and finally settled under the foregoing provisions of this act, containing a greater. quantity of land than the commissioners were authorized to decide, and above the amount confirmed by this act, and which have not been reported as antedated or forged," and declares that they "shall be received and adjudicated by the judge of the district court in which the land lies, upon the petition of the claimant, according to the forms,' &c. "prescribed," &c. by act of congress approved May 26th, 1824, entitled "an act enabling the claimants to rand within the limits of the state of Missoun and territory of Arkansas to institute proceedings," &c. A proviso excepts from the jurisdiction of the court any claim annulled by the treaty or decree of ratification by the king of Spain, or any claim not presentedto the commissioners or register and receiver.
The thirteenth section enacts that the decrees which may be rendered by the districtlor supreme court "shall be conclusive between the United States and the said claimants only, and shall not affect the interests of third persons."
In all the acts passed upon this subject previous to that of
May 1830, the decisions of the commissioners, or of the register and receiver acting as commissioners, have been confirmed. Whether these acts affirm those decisions by which claims are rejected, as-well as those by which they are recommended for confirmation, admits of some doubt: whether a rejection,

SUPREME COURT.

[United States v. Percheman.]

amounts to more than a refusal to recommend for confirmation,

may be a subject for senous mquiry however this may be, we

think it can admit of no doubt that the decision of the com-

missioners was conclusive in no case until confirmed by an.act

of congress. The language of these acts, and among others

that of the act of 1828, would indicate that the mind of con-

gress was directed solely to the confirmation of claims, not to

their-annulment. The decision of this question is not neces-

sary to this case. The claim of the petitioner was not cov-

tamed in any one of the reports which have been stated.

On the 26th of May 1830, congress passed." an act to pro-

vide for the final settlement of land claims in Florida." This

act contains the action of congress on the report of the 14th of

January 1830, which contains -the rejection of the claim in

question. The first section confirms all the clanns and titles

to land filed before the register and receiver of the land office

under one league square, which have been decided and recom-

mended for confirmation. The second section confirms all the

conflicting Spanish claims, recommended for confirmation as

valid titles.

The third conflums certain claims derived from the former

British government, and which have been recommended for

confirmation.

The fourth enacts "that all remaining claims which have

been presented according to law, and not finally acted upon,

shall be adjudicated and finally settled upon the saine condi-

tions," &c.

_- ,

It is apparent that no claim was finally acted upon until it

had been acted upon by congress; and it is equally apparent

that the action of congress on the report containing this claim,

is confined to the confirmation of those titles which were re-

commended for confirmation. Congress has not passed on

those which were rejected. They were, of consequence, ex-

pressly submitted to the court.

The decision of the register and receiver could not be con-

clusive for another reason. Their power to decide did not

extend to claims exceeding one thousand acres, unless the

claimant was an actual settler and it is not pretended that

either the petitioner, or Francisco de Sanchez, his assignee,

JANUARY TERM 1833.
EUnItea States v. Percheman.]
waw - settler, as described in the third section of the act of 1824.
The rejection of this claim, then, by the register and receiver did not withdraw it from the jurisdiction of the cturt, nor constitute any bar to a judgment on the case according to its merits.
An objection not noticed in the decree of the territorial court, has been urged by the attorney-general, and is entitled to serious consideration. The governor, it is said, was empowered by the royal order .on which the grant professes to be founded, to allow to each person the quantity of land established by regulation in the province, agreeably to the number of persons composing each family.
The presumption arising from the grant itself of a right to make it, is not difectly controverted, but the attorney insists that the documents thenselves prove that the governor has exceeded his authority.
Papers translated from a foreign language, respecting the transactions of foreign officers, with whose powers and authorities we are not well acquainted, containing uncertain and incomplete references to things well understood by the parties, but not understood by the court; should be carefully examined before we pronounce that an officer, holding a high place of trust and confidence, has exceeded his authority
The objection rests on the assumption that the grant to the petitioner is founded entirely on the allowance made in the royal order of the 29th of March 1815, at the request of the governor of East Florida, and the petition to the governor undoubtedly affords strong ground for this assumption, but we are far from thinking it conclusive. The petitioner says, "that, in yirtue of the bounty in lands which, pursuant to his royal order of the 29th of March of the present year, -tie king grants to the military who were of this place in the time of the invasion which took placein the years 1812 and 1813, and your petitioner considering himself as being comprehended in the said sovereign resolution,.as it is proved by the annexed certificates of his lordship brigadier Don Sebastian Kindelan, and by that which your lordship thought proper to provide herewith, which certificates express the merits and services

96

SUPREME COURT.

'[United States v. Percheman.]
rendered by your petitioner at the time of the siege, in consequence of which said bounties were granted to those who deserved them ;" "therefore he most respectfully supplicates yodr lordship to grant .him two thousand acres'of land in the place," &c. The governor granted the two thousand acres of land for which the petitioner prays.
The attorney contends that tb,- royal order of the 29th of Mardh 1815, empowered the-governor to grant so much land only, as, according to the established rules, -was allowed to each settler.. This did not exceed one hundred acres to the head of a family, and a smaller portion for each member of it'
The extraordinary facts that an application for two thousand acres should be founded on an express power to grant only one hundred, that this application should be accompamed by no explanation whatever; and that the grant should be .made without hesitation, as an ordinaiy exercise of legitimate authority, are circumstances well calculated: to excite some doubt
whether the real character of the transaction is understood, -and to suggest the propriety of further examination.
The royal order is founded on a letter from governor Kindelan to the captain-general of Cuba, in which he recommends the-militia-as: worthy the gifts to which the supreme governor ihay tin k thei entitled, "taking the liberty of recommendmg the granting of some, which may be as follows to each officer who has been in actual service m said militia, a royal commission for each grade he may obtain as provincial, and to the soldiers a certain quantity of land as established by regulation in this province, agreeably to the number of persons composing each. family, and which gifts can also be exclusively made to the mramed officers and soldiers of the said third battalion of Cuba."
The words "and which gifts," &c. in the concluding part of the sentence, would seem to refer to that part which asks lands for the soldiers of the militia, and yet it is unusual in
land bounties for military service, to bestow the same quantity on the officers as on the soldiers.
But be this as it may, the application of governor Kindelan is confined to the privates Who served in the militia, and to the married officers and soldiers of the third batt4ion of Cuba.

JANUARY TERM 1833.
[United States v. Percheman.]
The petitioner was in neither of these corpq. He was an ensign of the corps of dragoons.
The royal order alluded to? is contained in. a letter of the 29th of March 1815, from the minister of the Indies; who, after stating the application in favour of the militia, and the third regunent of Cuba, adds, "at the same time that Ins majesty approves said gifts, he desires'that your excellency will inform him as to the reward which the commandant of the third batialion of Cuba, Don Juan Jos6 de Estrada, who acted as governor pro tem. at the commencement of the rebellion, the officers of artillery, Don Ignacia Salus, Don Manuel Paulin, and of dragoons, Don Juan Percheman, are entitled to as mentioned by the governor in his official letter. By royal order I communicate the same to his excellency for your information and compliance therewith, enclosing the royal commissions of local militia, according to the note forwarded' by your excellency."
The governor adds, " I forward you a copy of the same,
enclosing also the documents above mentioned, that you may give their correspondent direction, with the intention, by the first opportunity of informing his majesty of what I consider just as to the remuneration before mentioned."
It appeas then that the part of the royal order which is supposed to limit this power of the.governor to grants of one hundred acres does not comprehend the petitioner; that he is. mentioned in that order as a person entitled to the royal bounty, the extent of which is not fixed, and respecting which the governor intended to inform his majesty.
The royal order then is referred to in the petition, as showing the favourable intentions of the crown towards the petitioner; not as ascertaining limits applying to him which the governor could not transcend.
The :petition also refers to certificates granted by gefieral Kindelan, and by the governor himself, expressing his merits and services~dunng the siege. These could have no influence if the amount of the grant was fixed.
In his grant annexed to the petition, the governor says, "whereas this officer, the party interested by the two certificates enclosed, has proved thp ;:;9wes whwh he rendered in defence of
VOL. VII.-N

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Percheman.]
thisprovmnce, and in consideration also of what is provided m the royal order of the 29th of March last past, 'vhich he cites, I do grant him," &c.
Military service, then, is the foundation of the grant, and the royal order is referred to only as showing that the favourable attention of the king had been directed to the petitioner.
The record furishes other reasons for the opinion that the power of the governor was not so limited in this case, as is supposed by the attorney for the United States.
The objection does not. appear to have been made m the territorial court, where the subject must have been understood. It was neither raised by the attorney for the United States, nor noticed by the court.
The register and receiver, before whom the claim was laid by Sanchez, the assignee of the present petitioner, did not reject it because the governor had exceeded his power mmaking it, but because the survey was not exhibited. "If this" (the survey), say the register and receiver, "had been produced, it would have furnished some support for the certificate of A-gular. As it is, we reject the claim."
It may be added that other claims under the same royal order for the same quantity of land, .have been admitted by the receiver and register, and have been confirmed by congress.
We do not -think the testimony proves that the governor has transcended his power.
The court does not enter into the inquiry, whetherv the title has been conveyed to Sanchez or remains in Percheman.. That is a question in which the United States cxn feel no interest, and which is not to be decidea m this cause. It was very truly observed by the territoral court, that this objection "is founded altogether on a suggestion of a private adverse claim -" but adverse claims. uneer tha law giving jurisdiction to the court, are not to be declded or investigated. The point has not been made in this court.
The decree is affirmed.

