SUPREME COURT.
TI H UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS V. PHILIP R. YOUNGE.
The decree of the superior court of East Florida, confirming a grant of land to the appellee, affirmed.'
APPEAL from the superior court of East Florida.
The case was submitted to the court by Mr Call, for the United States; and by Mr White, for the appellee.
Mr Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion of the Court.
This is a claim for five thousand acres of land; part of a grant for twenty-five thousand acres, made by the governor of East Florida to the petitioner, on the 22d of February 1817. Part of this land, twenty thousand acres, was conveyed to Moses E. Levi, and both the validity of the claim, and the identity of the land were established, in the opinion given in'that case.
The decree jf the superior court for the district of East Florida is affirmed.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the superior court for the eastern district of Florida, and was argued by counsel ; on consideration whereof, it is ordered, adjudged and decreed.by this court, that the decree of the said superior court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed, in all respects.

SUPREME COURT.
THE UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS V. JOHN HUERTAS.
The decree of the superior court of East Florida, confirming a concession of land to the appellee, by governor Coppinger, in 1817, affirmed.
APPEAL from the superior court of East Florida.
The case was submitted to the court by' Mr Call, for the United States ; and by Mr White, for the appellee.
Mr Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion of the Court.
This is an appeal from a decree of the court for the district of East Florida, in favour of the validity of lt claim to fifteen thousand acres of land, under a grant made by governor Coppinger in 1817.
He has failed to allege in express termS, in his petition to the district court, that his claim is protected by the treaty of 1819, and this objection has been taken on the part of the United States. If the reference made in the acts of congress, which authorize this proceeding, to'the act of the 26th of May 1824, for the conditions, restrictions and limitations according to which these claims should be adjudicated, was considered as made for the purpose of describing the jurisdiction of the court, the objection would perhaps be fatal. But it has been decided in the case of Clarke, ihat the words to which this reference is made, do not describe the jurisdiction of the court, but the principles according to which this jurisdiction is to be exercised; and that if the petition shows a case which is really submitted to the court by the law, it is sufficient. This is fully shown by the petition before the court; it states the concession to have been made to him by the. Spanish governor, and adds that he was in possession when the flags were changed. We think no valid objection exists to the petition.
It is also urged, that the motive to the grant is the service rendered by raising cattle, and the advantage to be derived

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[United States v. Huertas.]
from the establishment of a cow-pen. It is added, that the petitioner has ceased to apply the land to the intended object.
It having been decided that land might be granted for meritorious services, the governor must necesgarily judge of them ; and the full title acknowledges that the conditions of the concession which was made -by governor Kindelan, in October 1814, had been complied with.
After reciting that the conditions of the concession have been fully performed, the grant proceeds : I have, therefore, granted, and by these presents do grant, in the name of his majesty, to the said Don Juan Huertas, his heirs and successors, the said fifteen thousand acres-of land in absolute property," &c.
The title to the land is conplete, and cannot depend on his continuing to raise cattle or to keep up his cow-pen, after the change of government. The only question in the case which has not been already decided, respects the identity of the land decreed with that granted.
The decree confirms the title of the claimant, " to the extent and agreeably to the boundaries, as in those surveys made by Don Andrew Burgevin ;"-the plots 6f which are in the record.
The first, of five thousand acres, dated the 19th of September 1818, is situated on the east side of St John's, about- six miles southward of Picolata, beginning on the margin of the river, near the mouth of Tocoy creek.
The description of the grant is five thousand acres, at a place called Tocoy, five miles above Picolata, and bounded on the west by the river St John's., The grant also mentions the adjoining. lands of others, which the surveyor has omitted to mention.
The place called Tocoy ir the grant, and the mouth of Tocoy creek mentioned in the survey, may be considered as the same; since the land binds on the river into which Tocoy empties itself. The grant places the land fi- miles above Picolata, on the St John's; and the survey places it about six miles south of Picolata. Now the St-John's runs from south; and, consequently, land on the river above Picolata, is south of Picolata. The identity of this tract is, we think, sufficiently
proved. The grant for the remaining ten thousand acres is placed on. VOL. v11i.-3 M

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Huertas.]
the bank of the river, about twelve miles above a place 6alled the Ferry, below A. Rayant's, bounded on the south by the lands of John Moore, and thence east, to the head of Deep Creek, taking in the east and west banks of the said creek, and bounded on the north by the south west line of Tocoy, and on the west by the river St John's.
This part of the grant is surveyed in tmo tracts, one of six and the other of four thousand acres. The survey of six thousand acres is bounded on the west by the St John's river, and on the south by Moore's land, and by vacant land. The certificate of the surveyor does not mention the other boundaries described in the grant. But as the tract is bounded on the west by the river St John's, and on the south by Moore's land, the omission of the other boundaries is not material.
The remaining survey of four thousand acres contains no description which connects it in any manner with the giant. The order for this survey having been made subsequent to the 24th of January 1818, could give no title to land not within the'grant.
There is no error in so much of the decree as declares the claim to be valid, and as confirms the title of the claimant, to the extent and agreeably to the boundaries as in the surveys dated the 19th day of September 1818 and the 31st day of May 1820; and so far the same is affirmed: but there is error in so much of the said decree as confirms the title of the claimant to the extent and agreeably to the boundaries, as in the survey dated the 26th day of June 1820, and the said decree, so far as respects the title to the land contained in that survey, is reversed; and the cause is remanded to the said district court, with directions to reform the said decree, so as to conform the same to the decree of this court, by directing the said four thousand acres of land to be surveyed within the bounds of the grant to the claimant, if the land be now vacant.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the superior court for the eastern district of Florida, and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, it is the opinion of this court, that there is no error in so much of the decree of the said superior court as declares the claim

JANUARY TERM 1834.

491

rUnited States v. Huertas.]
of the petitioner to be valid, and as confirms the title of the claimant to the extent and agreeably to the boundaries in the survey.s dated the 19th day of September 1818, and the 31st day of May 1820; and so far it is'ordered, adjudged and decreed by this court, that the said decree be, and the same is hereby affirmed. But it is the opinion of this court, that there is error in so much of the said decree as confirms the title of the claimant to the -extent and agreeably to the boundaries as in the survey dated the 26th day of June 1820; and that the said decree, so far as respects the title to the land contained in that survey be, and the same is hereby reversed. And it is further ordered and decreed by this court, that this cause be, and the same is hereby renranded to the said superior court, with directions to reform the said decree so as to conform the same to the decree of this court, by decreeing the said four thousand acres to be surveyed within the bounds of the grant to the claimant, if the land be now vacant.

538

SUPREME COURT.

THE SHIP VIRGIN, AND GRAF AND DELPLAT HER OWNERS,
APPELLANTS V. ADAM VYFHIUS, JUNIOR, APPELLEE.
ADAM VYFHIUS, JUNIOR, APPELLANT V. THE SHIP VIRGIN, AND
GRAF AND DELPLAT HER OWNERS, APPELLEES.
Bottomry. On an appeal from the decree of the circuit court of Maryland, on a libel on a bottornry bond, originally filed inthe district court, it appeared that commissioners appointed by the circuit court, had reported, that a certain sum, being a part of the amount of the bond, was absolutely necessary for the ship, as expenses and repairs in the commo n course of her employment. No exception was taken to this report by either party in the circuit court, and it was accordingly confirmed by that court. The report is not open for revision in this court, there being nothing on its face impeaching its correctness.
It is no objection to a bottomry bend, that it was taken for a larger amount than that which could be properly the subject of such a loan; for a bottomry bond may be good in part and bad in part; and it will be upheld by courts of admiralty, as a lien to the extent to which it is valid ; as such courts, in the exercise of their jurisdiction, are not governed by the strict rules of the common law, but act upon enlarged principles of equity.
It is notorious, that in foreign countries, supplies and advances for repairs and necessary expenditures of the ship, constitute, by the general maritime law, a valid lien on the ship ; a lien which might be enforced in rem in our courts of admiralty, even if the bottomry bond were, as it certainly is not, void in tote.
An objection was taken to the bond, that the supplies and advances might have been obtained on the personal credit of the owners of the ship without an hypothecation. Held, that the necessity of the supplies and advances being once made out, it is incumbent upon the owners, who assert that they could have been obtained upon their personal credit, to establish that fact by competent proofs ; unless it is apparent from the circumstances of the case.
It was objected, that the supplies and repairs were, in the first instance, made on the personal credit of the master of the ship, and therefore cotuld not be afterwards made a lien on the ship. Held, that the lender on the bottomry bond might well trust the credit of the master as auxiliary to his security ; and the fact that the master ordered the supplies and repairs before the bottomry was given, can have no legal effect to defeat the security, if they were ordered by the master, upon the faith, and with the intention that a bottomry bond should be ultimately given to secure the payment of them. In cases of this sort, the bottomry bond is in practice ordinarily given after the whole supplies and repairs have been furnished ; for the plain reason that the advances required can rarely be ascertained with exactness until that period.
It was objected, that the advances were for a voyage not authorized by the

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[The Virgin.]
owners ; that the original orders were for the master to get a freight for Bal. timore or New York, and if he could not, then to proceed to New Orleans; whereas the master broke up his voyage, and without any freight returned to Baltimore. By the Court: It may be admitted, that if a bottomry lender, in fraud ofthe owners, and by connivance withthe master for improper purposes, advances his money on a new voyage, not authorized by the instructions.of the owner, his bottomry bond may be sot aside as invalid. But there is no pretence to say, that if the r ster does deviate from his instructions, without any participation or co-operation or fraudulent intent'of the bottomry lender, the latter is to lose his security for his advances, bona fide made for the relief of the ship's necessities. Seamen have a lien, prior to that of the holder of a bottomry bond, for their wages; but the owners are also personally liable for such wages; and if the bottomry holder is compelled to discharge that lien, he has a resulting right to compensation over, against the owners; in the same manner as he would have, if they had previously mortgaged the ship. Graf, one of-the owners, had the ship delivered up to him upon an appraisement, at the value of eighteen hundred dollars, and he gave a stipulation according to the course of admiralty proceedings, to refund that value, together with damages, interest and costs, to the court, lie is not at liberty now to insist that the ship is of less than that value in his hands, or that he has discharged other liens diminishing the value for which the o.vners were personally liable, in solido, in the first instance. To the extent then, of the appraised value of the ship delivered upon the stipulation, the owners are clearly liable; for she was pledged for the redemption of the debt, and they cannot take the fund, except cum onere. But beyond this, there is no personal obligation upon the owners. In this case, the value of the ship, the only'fund out of which payment can be made, fell far 9hort of a full payment of the amount due upon the bottomry bond. But this is the misfortune of the lender, and not the fault of the owners. They are not to be made personally responsible for the act of the master because the fund has turned Out to be inadequate ; since, by our law,he had no authority by a bottomry, bond to pledge the ship, and also the personal responsibility of the owners. The consequence is, that the -loss, ultra the amount of the fund pledged, must be born by the libellant.
APPEALS from the circuit court%of the United States for the district of Maryland.
The ship Virgin sailed in August 1822, from. Baltimore to Amsterdam, where she arrived on the 12th of October of that year, under command of John Cunnyngham. By the plan of the voyage, she was to return from Amsterdam to Baltimore if she could procure a freight; otherwise, she was positively directed to proceed to New Orleans. She was owned, when she sailed, by John C. Delplat, who, during her passage to Amsterdam, became insolvent, and on the 4th of September sold one-third of her to Frederick C. Graf.

SUPREME COURT.
LThe Virgin.]
The vessel, on her way to Amsterdam, encountered severe weather, and arrived there in want of sails and a cable, and of various repairs. At her departure from Baltimore, her owner directed, that at Amsterdam, as the most economical place for the supply, she should be furnished with a mainsail and topsail and cable, of which it was foreseen she would then be in urgent need. The -vessel had a cargo, of which, except twenty hogsheads of tobacco, all belonged to Delplat; and all of the cargo was consigned to N. and I. and R. Vanstaphorst, at Amsterdam, to whom Delplat also consigned the vessel. The twenty hogsheads of tobacco belonged to Frederick C. Graf. Agreeably to these consignments, the captain, on arrival at Armsterdam, delivered to the Vanstaphorsts the cargo, and committed to them all the concerns of the vessel; in consequence of which they collected and held in their hands all the freight that was actually payable upon any portion of the cargo, and all the proceeds of the tobacco belonging to Mr Graf.
The captain, desiring to refit the vessel and afford her all the necessaries for her return voyage, applied to the Vanstaphorsts for the requisite means, and ultimately even offered them a boitomry of the ship for the funds. After much delay, they refused all advances; intelligence of the failure of Delplat, asserted by them to be largely their debtor, having meanwhile reached them. To provide for the event of this refusal, the captain set on foot a negotiation through brokers, for raising the means by bottomry ;-and the application to the Vanstaphorsts, and this provisional negotiation, were pending for about three weeks,-the captain knowing no friends of the owner, except the Vanstaphorsts, to whom he could apply for the aid. During this period, the captain contracted, on his own respoasibility, for various supplies, which he designates in his evidence, as all those that were furnished before the 1st of November. The payment for these and for the other necessaries of the ship, was made out of the moneys received from the appellee Vyfhius. On the 12th of November, after the Vanstaphorsts had finally declined making the advances, the captain contracted with Vyfhius for the loan upon bottomry of eight thousand guilders, at an interest of ten per cent; all which, he shows, was appropriated for the indispensable uses of the ship.

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[The Virgin.] About the 3d of November, the captain received from Mr Graf, a letter dated in September 1822, announbing his purchase of one-third of the Virgin, and referring to a certificate of his purchase, as enclosed in the letter; which in fact appears not to have been enclosed. - About the same time, by another lette'r from Mr Graf, and perhaps also from other quarters, information was given to the captain of Mr Delplat's failure; and, in consequence, the captain, on consultation, determined that it was his duty to proceed with the vessel home to Baltimore, and not to despatch her to New Orleans. After undergoing repairs,and receiving all her supplies paid for by the appellee Vyfhius, the Virgin sailed from Amsterdam to Baltimore, and arrived there in March 1823. The owners refusing to pay the appellee his advances, the libel in this cause was filed, which prays citation against the owners by name as well as the captain, and condemnation of the vessel for paying the loanr, and also further relief such as the court may deem adequate and just. The owners, Delplat and Graf, appeared and answered; their answers called into question the fact and the -necessity Qf expenses at Amsterdam, insisting too, that the Vanstaphorsts had property enough of the owners, and which should have been applied for the wants of the ship, and charging that the bottomry was really taken by the Vanstaphorsts though colourably in Vyfhius's name, and maintaining, finally, that all requisite funds could have been raised op the credit of the owners, or of the captain A commission for evidence wa- sent to Holland, the chief object of which was to prove the Vanstaphorsts to be really the owners of the bottomy. The circuit court determined that the bottomry was invalid, but that the owners are personally liable for all the necessary supplies furnished by the means of Vyfhius for the vessel, and that, to that extent, he was entitled in this cause, to recover against them. The cause was then referred to the clerk of the court to ascertain, calling to his aid two merchants, the amount of the necessary supplies, referred to. The clerk and his ssistants reported their ascertainment. Exceptions by Delplat and Graf were filed to it. The case was remanded to the clerk, who called two other merchant, to co-operate with him, and they reported their statement of the

SUPREME COURT.
[The Virgin.]
necessary expenses, which the court confirmed. Thereupon, the court passed its final decree, awarding payment to Vyfhius by Delplat and Graf, of the sum of two thousand nine hundred dollars, with interest from the 26th of November 1830, the date of the decree ; the principal of the ascertained expenses being two thousand nine hundred dollars.
Both parties appealed to ihis court.
The case was argued by Mr Steuart, for the owners of the ship Virgin; and by Mr Mayer, for Mr Vyfhius.
For the owners of the Virgin, it was contended that the decree of the circuit court which made them personally liable for the claim of the libellant Vyfhius, was erroneous:
1. Where it is attempted to pursue the owner of a ship personally, for advances for which he may be made personally liable, the proper remedy (in the admiralty court) is by libel in personam, or at all events, the personal liability must be distinctly averred and charged in the libel.
2. When the proceeding is altogether in rem (f6r example against a ship on a bottomry bond), it presents no question but the validity of the hypothecation. The court is restricted to that question, and cannot decree in personam.
3. The circuit court acting in its appellate character, could do no more than the district court, that is to say affirm or reverse the decree of the district court (which- simply held the bottomry good, on a libel exclusively in rem); and having by its interlocutory order of 1828, pronounced the bottormry invalid and thereby reversed the decree of the inferior court, it had no right to go farther and decree in personam against the owners.
4. Although owners, when pursued personally in an admiralty court, may be held personally liable for advances for the necessary repairs and supplies of their ships expressly made on the personal oredit of the owners, or whe'e it is fairly inferred that the personMl credit was looked to; yet when it appears the personal credit of the owners was not looked to, they cannot be held personally liable.
5. There is no evidence that the advances were made on the

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[The Virgin.]
credit of Delplat and Graf or either of them, but the contrary is alleged by libellant himself, and appears in all the proofs.
6. Some of the supplies for which the advances are alleged to have been made, were not necessary and have been impro, perly charged and-allowed, as appears in the report and exceptions.
7. Part owners of a ship are not liable beyond the extent of their respective interests, and the decree is erroneous in subjecting Graf to more than one-third, and Delplat to more than twothirds, in which proportions they held the ship.
:8. Evidence appeas sufficient to warrant the belief ihat Vanstaphorsts were the real lknders of the money advatnced to -the captain, and .yfhius only an agent of theirs. If so, they
(Vansiaphorsts) cannot recover against the owners personally; because they had sufficient funds in the freight, which they were bound to apply to -the uses of the ship.
9. Admitting, (which is not proved) that the Vanstaphorsts had a right to withhold Delplat's two-thirds of the freight on the ground of his indebtedness to them,-they had no right to withhold from Graf, as they have done, his one-third of the freight, amounting to one thousand nine hundred dollars, and they cannot now recover from him, personally, without accounting for that sum.
10. The evidence raises a strong presumption that Vanstaphorsts knew, and also that Vyfhius knew (or might and ought to have known), that the voyage to Baltimore was in direct violation of the orders of the owners, without any necessity for such violation by the captain; and if so, Vyfhius is not entitled to recover against the owners, whether he be considered the real lender, or only as the agent of Vanstaphorsts.
11. All the evidence in the case taken together, raises a strong presumption, that there were fraud and collusion between Vyfhius and Vanst-aphors ts, not to apply the freight or other funds of Graf, in Vanstaphorsts' hands to the uses of the ship, but to subject her unnetessarily to a bottomry, and her owners to loss; wherefore neither Vyfhius nor Vanstaphorsts are entitled to recover against the owners.
Mr Steuart argued, that the original advances by Vyfhius were illegal, as there was no survey showing the necessity for

SUPREME COURT.
LThe Virgin.]
the repairs, and the outfit of the Virgin. To show that this was necessary, he cited, Abbot on Shipping 124, note 2, last edition ; 1 Wheat. 96,,3 Cond. Rep. 501. He contended, that the disbursements were paid for on the personal responsibility of the captain, as the evidence showed they were made before the bottomry was executed. The freight was an ample fund for the repairs and disbursements, and was properly applicable to pay for the same. Abbot 107, 114 ; Marshall on Insurance 741 ; 1 Wheat. 96, 3 Cond. Rep. 501.
The money was advanced by Mr Vyfhius to fit out the Virgin for a voyage in direct opposition to the orders of the owners.She was to proceed to New Orleans, if no freight could be obtained to Baltimore; yet she returned to Baltimore subjected to the heavy claims of Mr Vyfhius, and without any freight. Advances are only legal when they are made to effectuate the proper voyage of the vessel. Abbot on Shipping 124; 1 Wheat 96, 3 Cond. Rep. 501 ; 2 Marsh. on Ins. 741 ; 1 Marsh, on Ins. 96 ; 3 Wash. C. C. Ri. 494.. Some of the articles furnished were not necessary. Abbot 106.
The real lenders of the money were the consignees, the Vanstaphorsts, and they could not as consignees become creditors by a bottomry contract. Bee's Rep. 339, 344; Abbot 126, note 1; 1 Dodson 207.
Upon the second point, Mr Steuart cited, I Peters's Adm. Rep. 94, 98; 2 Peters's Adm. Rep. 295.
Upon the seventh point were cited, Abbot 84; 1 Johns. Rep. 106 ; 2 Vern. 643.
Upon the eighth point cited, Bee's Adm. Rep. 339, 344; Abbot 126, note 1 ; 1 Dod. 207; 2,Dod. 143, 144.
Upon the eleventh point cited, I Hag. Adm. Rep. 14, 69 to 76; Bee's Rep. 120.
Mr Mayer, for the libellants, Vyfhius & Co., contended for the following positions.
1. The prayer for general relief in the libel warrants the decree in personam, though the special relief prayed is in rem. I Johns. C. R. 11 ; 6 Har. and Johns. 29; 2 Atk. 2; 4 Mad. R. 468; 6 Mad. R. 218; 1 Cox's R. 58.
2. Where a bottomry is declared ineffectual, the person who has supplied the necessaries for the ship for which-the bottomry

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Tho Virgin.)
is given, is remitted to his original right in personam, against the owners, who are bound for all supplies to the ship; which is also impliedly hypothecated for them. In-personnji, the libellant here waives marine interest, and claims only principal and legal interest. To that extent the bottomry binds personally, where the res is, after the bottomry, accepted. This personal liability exists, whether the bottomry be good or unavailing. Bee's Adn. R. 252; 2 Peters's Adm. 295; 2 Brown's Adm. 407; Emer. Mar. Laws 101, 104. The penal o~ligation atleast goes to the value of the res. I Hag. 13, 14. Or at all events, the lender, as to it, is only involved in any equities that may subsistbetween master and owners, when the supplies are furnished to the master, Emerig. p. 82, so as so far to limit the personal responsibility ; and the lender is then substituted for the captain's lien for supplies, which is here conceded to him. The accepted definition of bottomry, implies a personal responsibility of the owners, for at least principal and legal interest, under the bottoniry itself. The only aspect in which the remedy is exclusively in ren under a bottomry bond, is as to the marine interest. .2 Bi. Com. 457, 458 ; I Paine's C. C. R. 671 ; I Wash. C. C. R_ 293 . 3 Wash. C. C. R. 294; 2 Peters's Adn.
R. 295. The question of personal liability under a bottomry, is only
a point of jurisdiction. And in England only, a court of equity can give the relief personally under thc limited scope there of the admiralty remedies. 6 Mad. 11, 79 ; 2 Lord Raym. 931, 981 ; 3 T. R. 269. (Yates v. Hall, I T. R. 71, is erroneous
as to the grounds of these decisions.) I Ves. Sen. 443 ; I Bro. P. C. 288 ; Emerigon, Mar. Laws 71 to 104. Our admiralty courts give a remedy in personam where there is a remedy in rein for supplies, and even where the latter does not exist; and a vessel is impliedly hypothecated for repairs in a foreign port. Abbot 125 ; Bee's Adm. R. 169 ; 2 Gall. 345 ; 1 Paine 620; The General Smith, 4 Wheat. Rep. 438. Our admiralty courts, within the sphere of their jurisdiction, act as courts of equity. 2 Gall. 526 ; 3 Mason 255, 334; 4 Mason 250. Where, as here, all parties are before the court, it may decree as equity requires; 1 Wheat. 197; and avoid circuity of remedy. The court may moderate interest on bottomries. Abbot
voi,. vii.-3 T

SUPREME COURT.
[The Virgin.]
127. Owners ard liable, and in solido, without regard to their respective portions, of interest in the ship, for masters' contracts for the ship. Abbot 100, 106, 76 ; 11 Mass. R. 34; 2 Rose 91 ; 1 Stark. R. 23 ; 2 Stark. R. 377; Cowp. 639 ; 1 Dall. 129 ; 10 Mass. Rep. 47 ; 7 Johns. Rep. 311 ; 1 Cowen 290; Emerig. 101.
The lender may claim to be substituted to the master's remedies in personam and in rem in admiralty, for disbursements for supplies. Abbot 107, 115, 248; 2 Paine's C. C. R. 73; 1 Peters's Adm. 223.
The claim for personal liability need not be under the bond, as such. It may reston the implied hypothecation, or on the general responsibility of the owners for supplies to their ship, or against the owners as holders of the res. 3 T. R. 340; 1 Gall. 75 ; 5 Peters 675. In all cases in admiralty, in iem, the respondent's fidejussory caution binds him personally even beyond the value of the res; unless, abandoning the res, he enters into a special fidejussory caution. 2 Brown's Adm. 406, 408 to 411 ; 3 T. R. 340; 1 Gall. 75; 3 Wheat. 58; 1 Gall. 503, 451 ; 2 Gall. 249. The stipulation here does not supersede this implied responsibility of the owners: though i. is one more appropriate for a prize than an instance proceeding. 3 T. R. 340 ; 1 Gall. 148. A process'in personam may begin by monition simply, as here. 3 Rob. Adm. 177; 3 T. R. 340; 1 Gall. 75. Admiralty, here, would, for such supplies, decree in personam. It does for pilotage, 1 Mason 108for master's wages, 3 Mason 91-for respondentia claims, 4 Mason 250-for salvage, Abbot 399 ; I Pet. Adm. 94 (as in England, I Rob. Adin. 271 ; 3 Rob. Adm. 177)-for material men, 4 Wheat. 438. The remedy in rein implies remedy in personam on account of the res. 1 Peters's Adm. 238, note of Judge Winchester's decision.
The remedies in rem and personam may both be prayed for, or alternatively enforced under one libel, as a bill in equity may have two aspects of relief. 2 Lord Raym. 981 ; Bee's Adm. 252 ; 2 Peters's Adm. 295 ; 1 Peters's Adm. 94.
If necessary to the award of remedy in personam, the libel would be allowed by this court to be amended in the court below. 11 Wheat. 1 ; 12 Wheat. 1; 7 Crancl 570 ; 9 Cranch 244. This court may render such decree in rem as

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[The Virgin.]
the court below shoild have rendered, if it deems a decree in personam improper. 3 Dall. 54.
It is maintained that the relief in personam may be decreed for principal and legal interest, althnugh the bottomry bond be good in rem. The bottomry is good here, although taken where there were consignees of the vessel, and even admitting that they had funds ; those funds being denied to the master if they existed. Although the master may have purchased the supplies, the lenders of -the money to pay for them did not advance their means upon his personal credit. And if the advances had not been made, the vessel might, in the foreign port, have been proceeded against. Abbot 125, 126 ; I Wash. C. C. R. 52; I Dodson 276, 288, 464; 2 Dodson 147; 1 Hag. 13, 176, 326; 1 Wheat. 96: The lenders were not bound to see to the application of the money; nor implicated in any degree on account of the captain's violation of his instructions as to the voyage to be pursued. Abbot 126 ; Bee's Adm. R. 362, 363; 2 Dall. 194 ; 1 Dodson 465 ; 3 Wash. C. C. R. 495, 497. The payments for duties and port charges were proper to be secured by bottomry, 2 Caines's R. 77; 1 Hag. 176.
If the record be considered as presenting the question whether the seamen's wages are to be deducted from the bottomry, it is contended, that the owners being personally liable for them, they cannot make them a charge against the bottomry interest ; the bottomry holder would be substituted for the seamen against the owners, if they (the bottomry holders) had paid the wages. Cited also, The Langdon Cheves, 2 Mason 58.
Mr Steuart, in reply. It is contended on the part of the libellant, that the bottomry bond is good, so far as it covers advances strictly within the law of nmaritime loans ; and for the iesidue, recourse must be had. in personam. To show what circumstances are necessary to make a valid bottomry, he cited, The Aurora, 1 Wheat. Rep. 96 ; 2 Peters's Adm. Decisions 301, 302, 303 ; Abbot 125. There, is no precedent of a decree in the admiralty in personam, except The Fair American, 2 Peters's Adm. Rep. ; and this was a case in the circuit court. The allegations in the libel in this case are not sufficient to maintain a claim in

SUPREME COURT
[The Virgin.]
personam. The prayer for general relief is not enough for this purpose. The relief by a decree in personam is-not consistent with the case made by the bill ; and is not therefore within the rules of chancery proceedings.
If the claims- of the libellant are in personam, he has his remedy at common law ; and the admiralty wi!l not convert a claim, originally against the ship, into one of a common law character exclusively. Cited, also, 2 Hag. 48, 66; 2 Peters's Adm. Rep. 295 ; Bee's Adm. Rep. 254; 1 Peters's Adm. Rep. 94; The Mary, Bee's Adm. Rep. 120.
Mr Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the Court. This is the case of a libel in rem, upon a bottomry bond, originally institutcd in the district court of the district of Maryland, and thence brought by appeal to the circuit court, and thence by appeal to this court. The ship Virgin belonged to Baltimore, and being in Amsterdam, in the kingdom of Holland, in November 1822, bond was there given to the libellant by the master, for the sum of three thousand two hundred dollars, and maritime interest at the rate lof ten per cent, for advances asserted tQ be made by the libellant to supply the necessities of the ship on a voyage from Amsterdam to Baltimore. The voyage was duly performed; and the bottomry loan not being paid by the owners, proceedings were duly commenced for the recovery thereof, and the suit has been protracted to the present period. The owners interposed a claim and defensive allegation, denying the validity of the bond: and at the hearing in the district court, a decree was entered, affirming its validity, and awarding to the libellants the full amount of the bottomry bond, with interest at the rate of six per cent from the filing of the libel. The circuit court, on the appeal, reversed this decree, pronounced the bottomry bond invalid, and then proceeded to entertain the suit in personam against the owners ; holding them liable for the necessary supplies and repairs of the ship, in the same manner as if the suit had been originally commenced in personam against the owners. And after some interlocutory proceedings, the circuit court awarded a final decree against the owners, for the sum of two thousand nine hundred dollars, being the amount ascertained by a report of commissioners, as "expen-

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Tho Virgin.]
ditures and advances absolutely necessary, and made in the course of the usual employment of the ship," with interest from the time of the decree, until the payment of the amount thereof. From this decree both. parties have appealed to this court, and the cause now stands upon the argument for a final decision.
The first question is, whether the bottomry bond was valid in its origin, and constituted a good lien on the ship. Several objections have been taken to its validity. In tile first place, it is said, that the bottomry bond, though taken in the name of the libellant, Vyfhius, was, in fact, taken in trust, and for the benefit of Vanstaphorst and company, who were the con-
signees of the ship and cargo, and had. ample funds of the owners in their hands to meet the necessary expenditures, if any were necessary; and therefore, they cannot now subject the ship to a:bottomry lien; But we do not think that this objection is sustained as matter of fact by the evidence in the case. The only testimony to support it is a loose statement of Schiimelpennick, one of the partners of the house of Vanstaphorst and company ; who stated to a witness, "that the expenses of the Virgin had amounted to about eight thousand guilders, and that they would not be so foolish as to make such an expense for Delplat, without securing themselves by a bottomry." This language is quite equivocal, and admits of different interpretations; and it does not appear upon what occasion, or under what circumstances it was used. It may mean, that they had declined to make the advanccs without a bottomry bond, without meaning to affirm, that one had been actually taken for their benefit. But, what is most important in the case, this declaration cannot be competent evidence against Vyfhius; who is not shown to have had any knowledge of it, or to have been in. privity with Schimnielpennick; so that, as to him, it is the mere hearsay of a third person. And on the other hand, the master of the Virgin expressly disclaims tny knowledge, that any of the advance's were made by Vanstaphorst and company, and affirms that they were made by Vyfhius, at his reqwtest, through the instrumentality of a broker. We may then dismiss all further consideration of this objection, since Ilie botlomry bond i- not traced home to Vanstaphonst and company.

SUPREME COURT.
[The Virgin.]
The next objectibn is, that the advances were not necessary for the supplies and repairs of the ship. This objection is not now fairly open upon the record. The second and last report of the commissioners expressly finds, that the stun of two thousand pine hundred dollars of the advances was absolutely necessary for the ship, as expenses and repairs in the common course of her employment. No exception was taken to this report by either parly, and it was accordingly confirmed hy (he circuit court; so that it is not now open for review in this court, there not being any thing on its face impeaching its correctness. It is true, that the bottomry bond was taken for a larger amount; but that furnishes no ground of objecti6n to the bond, except for the surplus; for a bottomry bond may be good in part, and bad in part; and it will be upheld by courts of admiralty, as a lien to the extent to which it is valid ; as such courts, in the exercise of their jurisdiction, are not governed by the strict rdes of the common law, but act upon enlarged principles of equity. There are many authorities to this effect; but it is only necessary to cite the cases of The Augusta, I Dodson's R. 283; The Tartar and the Nelson, I Hag. Adm. R. -169, 176. And, indeed, except so far as regards the maritime interest of ten per cent, the question would be unimportant; for it is notorious, that in foreign countries, supplies and advances for repairs and necessary expenditures of the ship, constitute, by the general maritime law, a valid lien on the ship; a lien which might be enforced in rein in our courts of admiralty, even if the bottotary bond were, as it certainly is not, void in toto.
The next objection is, that the supplies and advances might have been obtained upon the personal credit of the owners, without .an hypothecation. Now, the necessity of the supplies and advances being once made out, it is incumbent upon th6 owners, who assert that they could have been obtained upon their personal credit,, to establish that fact by competent proofs, unless it is apparent from the circumstances of the case. Now, not only is there no proof to this effect upon the record, but it is fairly repelled by the testimony of the master, as well as by the other circumstances of the case. When the ship sailed on her voyage from Baltimore for Amsterdam, she was exclusively owned by Delplat; and she, as well as her cargo, a great part

JAN JARY TERM 1834.
(The Virgin]
of which was also owned by Delplat, was consigned to Vanstaphorst and company. Delplat failed during the voyage; and about that time assigned one third of the ship to Graf, and the other two thirds to other persons. The cargo, on the' ship's arrival, was delivered, pursuant to the consignment, to Vanstaphorst and company, and certainly could not be rightfully, with.held from them under the bills of lading. Delplat, after deducting all his consignments, remained in debt to Vanstaphorst and company, in about nineteen thousand guilders.
And after they were apprised of Delplat's failure, and after a negotiation of some weeks between them and the master for advances, they declined to make any'to him; and he was thus compelled to obtain them elsewhere.
It is wholly imnaterial in this case, whether Vanstaphorst and company had funds in their possession, which ought to have. been advanced by them for the relief of the ship. - It is sufficient to justify the master, that he could not obtain them; and the nonexistence of funds, and the non ability to get at them, must, as to the master, be deemed to be precisely equal predicaments of distress.. It would not be very. easy to convince any lender of money, that he could safely trust to the personal security of an insolvent debtor; and although Graf was not involved in the failure of Delplat,.-yet his title was acquired on the eve of Delplat's failure, and did not appear on the ship's papers, so that a cautious lender might well hesitate as to the ability of the master to bind Graf; even if it had appeared, which it does not, that Graf's credit was so unquestionable: at Amsterdam, that his personal security, given by an acknowledged agent, would have been satisfactory. But the truth is, that the master's testimony negatives any other adequate means of supplying the ship's necessities without resort to a bottomry bond; and there is not the least reason to suppose that he did not act with entire good faith, and from a consciousness that funds could not otherwise be obtained. It is certainly incumbent on the owners, if they assert that such means existed, to give some solid proofs in support of their assertion.
Then, again, it is objected that the supplies and repairs were in the first instance maple upon the master's credit. But how were they made? There is not a tittle of proof that the material men originally trusted to his personal credit exolu-%.

SUPREME COURT.
[The Virgin.)
sively, waiving the licu which the foreign law would give on the ship for them, or the general responsibility of the owners. On the contrary, they might well trust to his credit, as auxiliary to tliese sources: and the fact that the master ordered the supplies and repairs before the bottomry bond was given, can have no legal effect to defeat that security, if they were so ordered by the master, upon the faith and with the intention that a bottomry bond should ultimately be given to secure the payment of them.
In truth, in cases of this sort, the bottomry bond is in practice ordinarily given after the whole supplies and repairs have been furnished, for the plain reason that the advances required can rarely be ascertained with exactness until that period. In a case before loxd Stowell,(a) an objection of a similar nature was taken, viz, that the advances were made before the bottomry bond was taken; but that learned judge overruled it, and said that it was sufficient that it was the understanding of the parties at the time that the money should be secured by means of bottomry; and that it was of no consequence whether the money was advanced at once, and the bond immediately entered into, or whether the master received it from time to time in different sums, and gave a bond for the whole amount. And he added, what is very significant under the circumstances of the present case, that the party who lent the money, had a right, by the maritime law, to detain the ship and cargo until the debt was repaid; and it was only by the meafis of the bond, that the owners had the benefit of the liberation of their property.
In the next place, it is objected that the advances were for ,a voyage not authorized by the owners: that the original orders were for the master to get a freight for Baltimore or New York, and if he could not, then to proceed to New Orleans ; whereas the mdster broke up his voyage and without any freight returned to Baltimore. Now , it may be admitted, that if a bottomry lender, in fraud of the owners, and by connivance. with the master for improper purposes, advances his money on a new voyage, not authorized by the instructions of the owner, his bottomry bond may be set aside as invalid.
(a) La Ysabel, I Dodson's Rep. 273, 276.

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[The Virgin.]
But there is no pretence to say that if the master does deviate from his instructions, without any participation or co-operation or fraudulent intent of the bottomry lender, the latter is to lose his security for his advances, bona fide made for the relief of tihe ship's necessities. In the present case there is no proof that Vyfhius ever saw the master's instructions ; much less, that he fraudulently co-operated with him in a wilful disobedience of the orders of the owner. A new and unexpected state of things had arisen. The owner had failed, and new owners had been substituted, with some of whom he had not had any communication. Under these circumstances he.applied for advice to the friends of his former owners, and they advised him to return home ; as not only prudent and proper, but as required by the change of ownership. His own judgment coincided with theirs; and there is no ground to assert that he did not act with entire good faith, and that under all the circumstances, the course adopted by him was not discreet and fit for such an emergency. To set aside a bottomry bond given under such circumstances, would be to impair in no small degree the general confidence of the commercial community in their security; and would overturn the great maritime policy upon which they have been hitherto held sacred and pivileged liens.
We have thus considered the principal objections urged against the bottomry bond, and are of opinion that they are unmaintainable. The consequence is, that the bond must be upheld to the extent of the property pledged for the security of it. It has been said that the seamen have a prior lien on the ship for their wages, and that the amount of the wages ought first to be deducted. Undoubtedly the seamen have such prior lien, but the owners are also personally liable for such wages; and if the bottomry holder is compelled to discharge that lien, he has a resulting right to compensation over against the owners, in the same manner as he would have if they had previously mortgaged the ship.
But in strictness, no such question arises on the present record. Graf, one of the owners, has had the ship delivered up to him upon an appraisement, at the value of eighteen hundred dollars ; and he has given a stipulation according to the course of admiralty proceedings, to refund that value, to,
VOL. viii-3 u

SUPREME COURT.

[The Virgin.]
gether with damages, interest and costs, to the court. He is hot at liberty now to insist that the ship is of less than that value in his hands; or that he has discharged other liens
diminishing the value for which the owners were personally
liable, in solido, in the first instance.
To, the extent, then, of the appraised value of the ship, delivered upon the stipulation, the owners ae clearly liable-; for she was pledged for the redemption of the debt, and they cannot take the fund, except cum. onere. But beyond this there is no personal obligation upon the owners. It has been correctly remarked by lord Stowell,(a) that the form of bottomry bonds is different in different countries; and so is their authority. In some countiies they bind the owners; in others not; and where they do not, even though the terms of the bond should affect to bind the owners, that part would be insignificant; but it would not at all touch upon the efficiency of those parts, which have an acknowledged operation. In England. and America the established doctrine is,.that the owners are not personally bound- except to the extent of the fund pledged which has come into their hands.(b) To this extent, indeed, they may correctly be said to be personally bound; for they cannot subtract the fund, and refuse to apply it to discharge the debt. But in that case the proceeding against them is rather in the character of possessors of the thing pledged, than strictly as owners. In the plesent case, the value of the ship, the only fund out of which payment can
be made, falls far short of a full payment of the amount due upon the bottomry bond. -But this is the misfortune of the lender, and not the fault of the owners. They are-not to be made personally responsible for the act of the master, because the fund has turned out to be inadequate; since, by our law, he had no authority by a bottomry bond to pledge the ship, and also the personal responsibility of the owners. The consequence is, that the loss, ultra the amount of the fund pledged, must be borne by the libellant.
But as the owners have had the full benefit of the bond
under the appraisement and delivery during this protracted

(a) The Nelson, 1 Hag. Adm. R.ep. 176. (b) The Tartar, 1 Hag. Adm. Rep. 1, 13. Rep. 169, 176.

The Nelson, I Hafg. Adm.

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[The Virgin:]
controversy, it is.but reasonable that they should be responsible for interest upon the appraised value, from the time when the delivery upon the appraisement took place.
The view which has been thus taken of the present case, renders it wholly unnecessary to consider whether a decree in personam could be made by the circuit court upon a libel and proceedings instituted in rein. That and the other questions respecting the exercise of the admiralty powers of the court, may well be left for decision when they shall constitute the very points in judgment.
The decree of the circuit court must be reversed; and a decree will be entered conformable to the opinion of this court, to be carried into effect by that court.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Maryland, and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, it is declared by this court, that the bottomry bond in the case stated is, and ought to be held valid for the sum of two thousand and nine hundred dollars, being the amount
ascertained by the second and last report of the commissioners to be due to the libellant for expenditures and advances absolutely necessary, and made in the course of the usual em'ployment of the said ship Virgin,'and also for the additional sum of teri per cent, the maritime interest agrecd on, and payable by the terms of the said bottomry bond, amounting, in the whole, to the -sum of three thousand one hundred and ninety dollars, and that the said libellant is entitled to the said last mentioned sum, with interest thereon, at the rate of six per cent, from the commencement of the present suit to the time when the decree of this court shall be carried into effect by the circuit court. And it is hereby ordered, adjudged and decreed by this court accordingly. And it is hereby further ordered, adjudged and decreed, that the decrees of the district and circuit courts, so far as they differ-from this present decree be, and. hereby are, reversed accordingly. And this 'court, further proceeding to render such decree as the circuit court ought to have rendered in the premises, it is further ordered, adjudged and decreed, that the said claimant, Graf, do forth-

SUPREME COURT.
[The Virgin.]
with pay into the said circuit court the sum of eighteen htiwdred dollars, being the amount of the appraised value of the said ship Virgin, delivered to him on stipulation as in the proceedings mentioned, together with interest thereon, at the rate of six per cent, from the 24th day of March 1824, when the same was delivered to him on stipulation as aforesaid, unto the day when the same sum shall be so paid into the circuit court, together with the costs of the district and circuit courts; and unless he shall do so within ten days after the said circuit court shall require the same to be done, that execution do issue in due form of law upon the stipulation aforesaid, against all the parties thereto. And upon the payment of such sums, then that the claimants, as owners of the said ship Virgin, be, and hereby are for ever exonerated from all other and further payment in the premises. And it is further ordered, adjudged and decreed, that this cause be remanded to the said circuit court., with directions to carry this decree forthwith into effect.

JANUARY TERM 1834.
THE UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS V. JOSEPH H. HEW vAiz.
The decree of the superior court of East Florida, confirmin" a .zoncession of land by governor Coppinger to the appellee, affirmed.
APPEAL from the superior court of East Florida.
The case was argued by Mr Call, for the United States; and by Mr White, for the appellee.
Mr Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion of the Court.
This is an appeal from a decree of the judge of the superior court for the eastern district of Florida, declaring the claim of the appellee to twenty thousand acres of land to be valid.
His title commences with the following decree, made by governor Coppinger on the 18th of November 1817.
"In attention to what the interested party sets forth and represents, and in virtue of the powers which are annexed to my authority, also conforming to the laws and royal dispositions on the distribution of lands, the memorialist being one of those settlers who most contributes to the improvement of this province; I grant him, in the name of his majesty, and of his royal justice which I administer, the twenty thousand acres of land which he requests, in the places which he points out in his memorial, that he may possess them in absolute property and dominion. And for confirmation, and his security until titles in form be delivered him, which will be as soon as he shall have accomplished the survey and demarcation of said lands by a surveyor, let the proceedings be lodged in the archives of the notary, and an authenticated copy given to th& interested."
The order of survey was made on the 5th of Dec'ember 1820, and executed by Don Andrew Burgevin in three surveys, on the 4th and 5th of April 1821. The full title was.granted on the 9th of the same month.
The court decreed that the claim was valid, and confirmed

486'

SUPREME COURT.

[United States v. Hernandez.]
the same "to the claimant to the extent and agreeably to the boundaries, as in the three surveys of the said land made hy
Don Andrew Burgevin, and dated the 4th and 5th days of April 1821, and filed as herein is set forth.
As the surveys and full title were made after the 24th day
of January 1818, the claim of the petitioner depends entirely on the concession of the 18th of November 1817; and such was the opinion of the district court. That concession having been unconditional, and the power of the governor to make it having been decided in the case of G. J. F. Clarke, the only remaining question is, whether the land contained in the surveys is also contained in the concession.
The decree of the governor refers to the petition on which it was made, for a description of the property conveyed.
The petitioner, after setting forth his services and meritorious clhims, proceeds, "wherefore lie prays your excellency to be pleased to grant him in absolute property and dominion,
twenty thousand acres of land: to wit, ten thousand on both banks of the river St John's, between the place known by the name of Buffalo's Bluff, and another place named Mount Tucker; and the remaining ten thousand on the west side of Lake St George, the land to be divided into two parts by a brook or creek, which discharges itself into said lake, named Salt Spring, about ten miles more or less to the north of
another creek, named Silver Creek." The ten thousand acres on both banks of the river t John's,
are laid off in two surveys of five thousand acres each. One on the east side of. the river, between Buffalo's Bluff and
Mount Tucker, and the other on the west side of that river. These tracts appear to have been properly surveyed. The other survey for ten thousand acres, is laid down on
the west side of Lake St George, and is divided into two parts,
by a brook which discharges itself into the lake, and is in the decree named Salt Spring. In the certificate of the surveyor, it is called White Spring. The decree of the court corresponds precisely with the concession, as does the figure of the plat. No other discrepancy is found, than in thle name of the spring. As no notice was taken of this discrepancy in the district court where the locality of the survey was understood, we suppose

JANUARY TERM 1834.

487

LUnited States v. Hernandez.]
that the spring may have been known by both names, or that some error may have taken place in transcribing the record.
The decree of the district court is affirmed.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the
record from the superior court for the eastetn district of Florida, and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, it isordered, adjudged and decreed by this court, that the decree of the safd superior court confirming the title of the petitioner in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed, in all respects.

SUPREME'COURT.

THE UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS V. FRANCES P.
AND LouiSA HALLOWES's HEIRS.

FATIO'S

Confirmation of a Spanish grant of land in Florida, to Philip P. Fatio.
APPEAL from the superior court of East Florida.
The case was submitted by Mr Call, .for the United States; and by Mr White, for the appellees.
Mr Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion of the Court.
-This was a petition presented in pursuance of the act of con, gress, of the 23d of May 1828, providing for the adjudication of private land claims in Florida. The petitioners state that their claim is founded upon a grant for ten thousand acres of land, made by the governor of the province, then under the dominion of 1ihe king of Great Britain, to their ancestorPhilip P. Fatio, deceased ; and that by the stipulations of the treaty between their Britannic and catholic majesties, dated the 3d of September 1783, provision was made in the fifth article, that the British propr-ietors should be allowed a specified period to selltheir lands in the provinces of East and West Florida, which were by that treaty ceded to Spain.
It was further provided, that where the value of the possessions was such, that " they should not be able to dispose of them within the said term, then his catholic majesty shall grant them a prolongation proportioned to that end."
Provision was also made by Spain in favour of such of the British proprietors as remained in the province, and became Spanish subjects. The ancestorof the petitioners remained and took the oath of allegiance, and the lands were surveyed and confirmed to him by the Spanish authorities.
The title was presented to the commissioners, and a report made in favour of the grant; and by the third'section of the act of congress, approved May the 26th 1830, it was provided, "that all claims derived from the former British government,

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[United States v. Fatio's and Hallowes's Heirs.]
contained in the reports of the commissioners of East Florida, who did not avail themselves of the treaty between Spain and England, signed at Versailles on the 20th-of January 1783, by leaving said province, but who remained in the same and became Spanish subjects, and, whose titles were approved by the Spanish authorities, and have been recommended by the commissioners, or the register and receiver acting as such, be, and the same are hereby confirmed."
The treaty referred to in the above recited act, was evidently intended to be that of the 3d of September 1783, and the article is the fifth of that treaty, and not the third, as alleged in the petition.
In addition to the above laws and treaties, the petitioners have proved a possession, which constitutes a title by prescription, by the laws of Spain.
It is therefore considered, adjudged and decreed, that the decree of the superior court of East Florida, be affirmed.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record hom the superior court for the eastern district of Florida, and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, it is ordered, adjudged and decreed by this court, that the decree, of the said superior court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed in all respects.

SUPREME COURT.
THE UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS V. WILLIAM GIBSON ET AL. HEIRS Or FRANCIS P. FATIO, DECEASED.
Confirmation of the decree of the superior court of East Florida, in favour of a grant of land to Francis P. Fatio.
APPEAL from the superior court of East Florida.
The case was submitted by Mr Call, for the United States; and by Mr White, for the appellees.
Mr Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion of the Court.
This was a grant made by governor Grant, of East Florida, for ten thousand acres of land whilst that province was under the dominion of Great Britain, and another grant made by governor Tomyn, to Francis P. Fatio, for seven hundred and sixty acres. The first tract was conveyed by regular deeds to the ancestor of the petitioners.
The same questions are involved as in the zase of the heirs of Francis P. Fatio. It is therefore considered by the court, that the decree of the superior court of East Florida be affirmed.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the superior court for the eastern district of Florida, and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, it is ordered, adjudged and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said superior court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed in all respects.

SUPREME COURT.
THE UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS V. GEORGE FLEMING'S HEIRS.
The decree of the superior court of East Florida, confirming a grant of land to the ancestor of the appellees, affirmed.
APPEAL from the superior court of East Florida.
The case was submitted to the court by Mr Call, for the United States; and by Mr White, for the appellees.
Mr Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion of the Court.
This claim is for twenty thousand acres of land, situated on the banks of the river St Sebastian, to the south of Indian river, between the eastern coast of:Florida and the river St John's. The complete title was granted by governor Coppinger to George Fleming, the ancestor of the plaintif-s, on the 24th of September 1816. The court decided that it was a valid title, and confirmed it to the plaintiffs to the extent, and agreeably to the boundaries, as set forth in the grant. The judgment is affirmed.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the superior court for the eastern district of Florida, and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, it is ordered, adjudged and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said superior court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed, in all respects.

220

SUPREME COURT.

JAMES M'CUTCHEN AND OTHERS, APPELLANTS V. JAMES MAR-
SHALL AND OTHERS.
Patrick M'Cutchen, of Tennessee, died in 1810, having previously made his last will and testament; by which will, among other things, he bequeathed to his wife Hannah, during her natural life, all his plaves, and provided that they, naming them, should, at the death of his wife, be liberated from slavery, and be for ever and entirely setfree; except those that were not of age, or should not have arrived at the age of twenty-one years at the death of his wife ; and those were to be subjdct to the control of his brother and brother-in-law, until they were of age, at which period they were to be set free. As to Rose, one of the slaves, the testator declared, that she and her children, after the death of his wife, should be liberated from slavery, and for ever and entirely set free. Two of the slaves, Eliza and Cynthia, had children born after the death of the testator, and before the death of his wife: nothing was said in the will as to the children of Eliza and Cynthia. After the decease of the wife, the heirs of the testator claimed all the slaves; and their increase, as liable to be distributed.to, and among the next of kin of the testator; alleging, that by the laws of Tennessee, slaves cannot be set free by last will and testament, or' by any direction therein. That if the law does authorize emancipation, that they are still slaves until the period for emancipation; and that the increase, born after the death of the testator, and before their mothers were actually set free, were slaves, and as such were liable to be distributed. By the court: The laws of Tennessee fully authorize the emancipation of slaves, in the manner provided by the last will and testament of Patrick M'Cutchen.
As a general proposition, it would seem a little extraordinary to contend, that the owner of property is not at liberty to renounce his right to it, either absolutely, or in any modified manner he may think proper. As between the owner and his slave, it would require the most explicit prohibition by law, to restrain this right. Considerations of policy, with respect to this species of property, may justify legislative regulation, as to the guards and. checks under which such manumission shall take place; especially, so as to provide against the public's becoming chargeable for the maintenance of slaves so manumitted.
It is admitted to be a settled rule in the state of Tennessee, that the issue of a female slave follows the condition of the mother. If, therefore, Eliza and Cynthia were slaves when their children were born, it will follow, as matter of course, that their children are slaves also. If this was an open question, it might be urged with some force, that the condition of Eliza and Cynthia, during thejlifo of the widow, was not that of absolute slavery4 but was, by the will, converted into a modified servitude, to end upon the death of the widow, or on their arrival at the age of t enty-one years, should she die before that time. If the mothers were not absolute slaves, but held in the condition just mentioned, it would seem to follow, that their children would stand in the same condition, and be entitled to their free-

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[M'Cutchen et al. v. Marshall et al.]
dor on their arrival at twenty-one years of age. But the course of decisions in the state of Tennessee, and some other states where slavery is tolerated, goes very strongly, if not conclusively, to establish the principle, that females thus situatedp are considered slaves. That it is only a conditional manumission, and until the contingency happens, hpon which the freedom is to take effect, they remain, to all intents and purposes, absolute slaves. The court do not mean to disturb this principle. The children of Eliza and Cynthia must, therefore, be considered slaves.
ON appeal from the circuit court of the United States for the district of West Tennessee.
!n the circuit court of West Tennessee, the appellants, James M'Cutchen and others, citizens of Missouri, Kentucky, Ohio and Mississippi, complainants, filed a bill against James Marshall and others, citizens of the state of Tennessee, defendants.
The bill states that some time in the year 1812, one Patrick M'Cutchen, at that time, and for many years before, a citizen of Williamson county, in the state of Tennessee, departed this life. Previous to his death, the said, Patrick M'Cutchen made and published his last will and testament, which was, after his death, proved before the court of pleas and quarter sessions of said county of Williamson, and established and admitted to record in said county as his last will and testament. A copy of said last will and testament was an ixed to the.bill. The whole of the persons nominated in the will as executor and executrix, qualified as such, and took upon themselves the burthen of executing the same. Of the said executors, Samuel M'Cutthen and annan M'Cutche are dead, leaving James Marshall the sole surviving executor of tne will. Patrick M'Cutchen, the testator, departed this life without issue ; and Hannah M'Cutchen, the widow of the said Patrick, although she intermarried after the death of the said Patrick with one James Price, also died without issue. By the provisions of the will, said Hannah M'Cutchen, the widow of the said Patrick, only held under it a life estate in such portion of the property of the said Patrick as was therein devised and bequeathed to her, which estate has, consequently, terrminated by her death. The bill charges that they, together with the defendants to this bill, except the defendant James Marshall, are the legal heirs and distributees of the said Patrick M'Cutchen, deceased.
The said Patrick also left as his distributees and heirs at law the defendant James M'Cutchen, a brother of said Patrick, and

SUPREME COURT.
[M'Cutchen et al. v. Marshall et al.]
Alexander and William Buchanan, children of a deceased sister of said Patrick, but who resides without the jurisdiction of the court, and are, therefore' not made parties t the bill.
The will of the: said Patrick M'Cutchen,. after giving certain legacies to his relatives, devises "to his wife Hannah, during her natlural life, the tract of land on which the testator livedi together with all the residue of his personal property, of every kind, including the slaves which shall remain after the payment of his debts, and the legacies afterwards, to be used as she may think proper; the slaves, nevertheless, to be subject to the arrangement to be made in a subsequent article of the testament."
The sixth article of the will is' in these terms. "It is my will and desire that my negro man slave named Jack, aged about twenty-four years; also my negro man slave named Ben, aged about nineteen years; also my negro woman slave named Rose, aged about twenty-six years, together with what children she may hereafter have, if any, before the death of my wife Hannah; also my negro girl slave named Eliza, aged about eleven years; also my negro girl slave named Cynthia, aged about seven years; also my negro boy slave named Thomas, aged about four years.; also my negro girl slave named Harriet, aged about two years; also my negro girl slave named Maria, aged about two months; the four last mentioned slaves being the children of the above mentioned Rose, shall all and each, at the time of the.death of my beloved wife Hannah, to whom they are given during -her natural life, as mentioned in the third article, be liberated from slavery, and for ever and entirely set free: provided, those who are not now of age or shall not have arrived at the age of twenty-one years at the happening of the death df my beloved wife Hannah, shall be subject to the -following disposition, viz. Eliza shall be at the control and under the direction of my brother Samuel M'Cutchen aintil her arrival at, the age of twenty-one .years, and then be set free; Cynthia, Ben, Tholhas, Harriet and Maria, shall be at the control and under the direction of James Marshall, my wife's brother, until they shall each, respectively, arrive at the age of twenty-one years; at which time, or times, they are to be each, respectively, liberated, and for ever set free."

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[M'Cutchen et al. v. Marshall et al.]
The bill charges that the slaves mentioned in the will, and owned by the testator, with their increase, are liable to be distributed to the complainants and the; defendants, Marshall excepted, as his legal representatives; but that James Marshall refuises to distribute them, or any of them, and denies that they are any part of the estate by him to be distributed, alleging that by the terms of the will they are to be set free at the times specified in the will., That the said James Marshall did present a petition to the county court of Williamson county, praying the court to set free a certain number of the said slaves, to wit, Jack, Ben, Thomas, Eliza and Cynthia ; and the court, supposing they had power to do so, granted the prayer of the petition, and declared them free; which proceedings the bill charges were coram non judice and void, as the court had no Power to set the said negroes free, unless the testator had, in his life time, presented a petition for the purpose.
The bill further charges, they are advised that by the laws of the state of Tennessee slaves cannot be set free by last will and testament, or by any directions therein ; and that, consequently, all the said slaves, with their increase, are liable to be distributed among the legal representatives of the testator. That if the law authorized a testator to direct his slaves to be set free by a given period, or at their arriving at a particular age, yet they are still slaves until that period arrives ; and that all their inicrease, born after the death of the testator, but before they were actuallyset free, are slaves, and as such are liable to distribution.
The bill prays for an account of the hire of the slaves, and for their distribution, and for an injunction, &c.
The defendant, James Marshall, executor of the last will and testament of Patrick M'Cutchen, demurred to the bill, and the circuit court sustained the demurrer, and ordere4 the bill to be dismissed.
The complainants appealed to this court. The case was submitted to the court on printed arguments, by Mr Benton, with whom were Mr Washington and Mr Yerger, for the appellants; and Mr White, for the appellees.
The counsel for the appellant first reterred the court to the following extract from the will..

SUPREME COURT.
[M'Cutchen et al. v. Marshall et al.]
"I give and bequeath to my beloved wife Hannah, during her natural life, the tract of land on which I now live, together with all its appurtenances and the residue of the slaves, the slaves subject to an arrangement to be made in a subsequent article of this testament."
They said, That tile slaves, in a subsequent part of the will he directs to be set free at the time of tile diath of his wife Hannah, to whom he had given them for life. In enumerating his slaves he says, that "Rose and such children as she shall have before his wife dies, shall be set free," In relation to the rest of his female slaves, he directs them to be set free, but says nothing of their children. 1st. In the case of Hope v. Johnston, it was decided by the supreme court of this state, that where a testator directs that his slaves shall Le set free, his executors can have them set free upon petition in the same manner as the deceased could in his life time, See the case, Yerger's Rep. If this case be the law, it is probable that all the slaves who were directed to be set free at the death of Mrs M'Cutchen, would be entitled to their freedom ; but still a question arises as to the children who were born before- that period. Mrs M'Cutehen had but a life estate : the slaves, after her death, belonged to the distributees of M'Cutchen, until they are set free. The will does not of itself operate as a gift of freedom; the assent of the state must be had before they can be free; this may never be given. It is settled in this state, that the increase of slaves born during the continuance of a particular life estate, does not belong to the tenant for life. Glasgow v. Flowers, 1 Hay's Rep. 234, and Tems v. Potter, same page; Preston v. M'Gaughty, Cooks Rep. 113. It was the early doctrine of the courts, that a limitation of chattels for life, gave the absolute interest, but that notion is now exploded; and, consequently, where slaves are given for life, with remainder over, the first legatee takes only the specific interest given, and the right of absolute property rests in the remainder man. The cases above cited, and 2 Roper on Legacies, 351. So, where there is a devise for life alone, the

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[M'Cutchen et al. v. Marshall et al.]
propertyafter life interest, rests in the distributees. Berth v. Leymom, 3 Condensed Chancery Rep; 660, or 4 Russell's Rep. 263.
In this case, then, there was a devise for life, of the stave:, with a reversion or vestod interest in the distributees of M'Cutcheft-subject, however, to be divested by the court, upon petition, setting them free. That it is a vested interest, subject to be divested, is proved by the case of Doe v. Martin, 4 Term Rep.
The next question is, what is the condition of children born after a time has'been fixed for their mother to obtain her freedom, but before the time arrives, and before she is actually free ?
In this case it would seem that the testator only intended that his then slaves should be free, and not their issue, except Rose's, because he expressly says that Rose shall be free at the death of his wife, and all her children born before that period. But in speaking of the other female slaves, he directs them to be'set free, but says nothing of their issue. But independent of this, the law is clear, that the issue must follow the condition of the mother. In M'Cutchen's will, the slaves were not free ; they had only a right to future freedom, and that depending upon a contingency, to wit, whether the county court would grant the petition. Until the period arrives when they are to become free, they remain slaves;. if they die before that time, they die slaves: they are in fact slaves; but entitled to be set free in future.
Suppose a man devises, that if A is elected president, his female slave B shall be free,-she has a child born, and after its birth A is elected :-is not the child a slave, although its mother, after that event has happened, is free ? Was it not born whilst the mother was a slave ? Surely it was.
Most of our rules (except statutory provisions) are derived from :the civil law. By the civil law, the issue of slaves entitled to future liberty, or entitled to it at a fixed time, or upon a contingency, it born before the period arrives or the contingency happens; are slaves. See authorities collected in Judge Green's opinion, 2 Randolph's Virginia Rep. 241, 242.
In Virginia, the question in the c~se of Maria v. Surbaugh, the case above alluded to in 2 Randolph, has been very learn-
VOL. VIL-2 D

SUPREME COURT.
tMbCuteben at al. v Ovsagall et al.]
edly, westigated, aMn it was decided that the issue were
slaves.
Ir.Kentucky, the same principle has been established. 2
Bibb's Rep. 298. So in Louisiana. Cato-v. Dorgenny's heirs, 8 Martin's Rep.
218. So in Maryland. 6 Harr. and Gill, or Harris and Johnson. At the time those negroes were born, to whom did they be-
long ? Not to the tenant for life, that is clear. Not to their mothers, for they were slaves at the time, and could hold no property. They must have belonged to the distributees, because their mothers did ; subject only to have their interest divested upon the happening of a contingency.
At the instant they were born, they were born the property of the distributees. This property cannot be divested, because the will authorizing a divestiture only applies to their mothers.
But the case of Hope and Johnson is not admitted to be law.
According to the laws of Tennessee, no man can emancipate his slaves, by will. The acts of 1777 ch. 6, 1779 ch. 12, 1788 ch. 20, and 1801 ch. 27, all declare that no slave shall be emancipated except for meritorious services, to be adjudged of by the county court. These acts, in their details, prescribe the method of proceeding in cases of emancipation; require security to be given that the slave to be mainumitted shall not become a public charge; and provide for the sale of the slave, when the master suffers him to go at large, or attempts to free him, without complying with the directions of the law. Emancipation, therefore, cannot take place consistently with these acts, by mere testamentary regulation.
It would, at.first view, seem to be strange, that a man could not renounce any right possessed by him. But slaves are a species of property, the right to which the policy of society forbids to be relinquished, without the sanction of the public authorities. Their assent, in the present instance, was not given during the life time of the testator; and so soon as he died, the situation of the property was so altered that it could not be given without the precedent application of the succeeding owners. The declaration, therefore, which is contained in the will under which these negroes claim their freedom, amounts to nothing mote than an expression of a wish or in-

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[M'Cutchen et al. v. Marshall et al.]
tention on the part of the testator, that they should be free; but no act of manumission was consummated by the will.
To counteract this position, the case of Hope v. Johnson, decided by the suprefne court of Tennessee, will probably be cited. That case, when properly understood, so far as it contains any thing touching the present controversy, is an authority for M'Cutchen. The will of David Beattie was as follows -" I will and bequeath that -the plantation -Inow.Jive on, be sold at public or private sale, to the best advantage, and the proceeds thereof laid out in lands in the Indiana Territory, as well situated as can be procured, and the right thereof vested in my negroes, which I now own, to wit, London, George, &c. each and all of whom I give their entire freedom, and the settling of them on the above named lands, under the direction of my executor." Robert Johnson was the executor. Mrs Hope, the sister of Beattie, and his only heir at law, filed a bill against the executor to enjoin him from executing that part of the will which related to the sale of the land and investment of the proceeds, upon the ground of its being a-void devise, as the negroes could not be emancipated by will, and as they were the objects of the devise in question. The direct object of the bill was not to prevent the emancipation of the slaves, but that matter was incidentally involved in the question growing out of the devise of the land. Mrs Hope set up no claim to the negroes in her bill; she was willing that they might be just as free as the testator wished them to be; she only contended for the land, that having descended from her father The case came on before the court, in the first instance, upon a motion by the executor to dissolve the injunction. Whyte, judge, delivered a very able, elaborate, and learned opinion in support of the.injunction, and of the grounds assumed in the bill. Haywood and Emmerson, judges, without either dissolving the injunction, or refusing to do, (and that was the issue which they were called upon to decide) made the collateral order, that the injunction should be held up twelve months longer, to give the executor an opportunity of procuring the emancipation of the slaves, by any means by which it could be accomplished. Previous to the date of this very order, an application had been unsuccessfully made by, the executor to the county court of Davidson, to.have said -negroes emanci-

SUPREME COURT.
[M'Cutchen et al. v. Marshall et al.)
pated. It cannot escape the observation of the supreme, court of the United States, that had said negroes been then (at the time of moving for tht, dissolution of the injpunction) actually free, or that had they been then capable of taking by devise, the executot would hafe been entitled to an unconditional dis-
solution of the injunction. The cours6 taken by judges Haywood and Emmerson, therefore, unprecedented as it was, proves, however, that until there was a complete emancipation of the negroes, they could not be devisees, and also that they were-not ipso facto emancipated by the will. These are the reasons which have authorized us to say, that the case of Hope v. Johnson, so far as it.has any bearing upon this case, operates in favour of the appellants.
The executor, taking advantage of the hint afforded by the aforesaid anomalous order of judges Haywood and Emmerson, applied, to the legislature, and obtained the passage of a special law, having no reference to any body in the world but him, Robert Johnson, and to no other case of emancipation but that of Beattie's negroes ; not pretending to lay down any general rule upon te subject, or to legislate beyond that particular case; whereby the said executor was authorized and empowered to prefer a petition to any county or circuit court, other than that of Davidson, for the emancipation of said negroes ; and said law further enacted, that the sentence or decree of such court, when made, should be valid, and should entitle the negroes to their freedom. In pursuance of that law, by which the legislature assumed omnipotence, an application was subsequently made to the circuit court of Sumner county, and the judge of that court sustained the constitutionality of a statute which undertook to divest private vested rights.
After the decree of Sumner circuit court was obtained, under the circumstances and in the manner aforesaid, establishing the freedom 6f Beattie's negroes ; the counsel of the executor,
not relying altogether upon the validity of the decree, entered into a written agreement with the counsel of MJrs Hope, whereby it was admitted that the negroes were free, and should be so considered, whatever the supreme court might determine iln relation to the land. In this agreement, the counsel of MiHope were certainly overreached, as it precluded any discussion as to the legau .ondition ot the negroes, before said decree of

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[M'Cutchen et al. v. Marshall et al.]
Sumner circuit court, and by virtue of it. The object of Mrs Hope in sanctioning said agreement of her counsel, was merely to waive any claim to the negroes as property, and to go exclusively for the recovery of the land. But, by admitting that said negroes had been emancipated by the decree, or were so at any rate, the necessary implication arose that they were capable of being so emancipated, notwithstanding the legal rights of Mrs Hope, as attaching to them from the situation in which they were left at Beattie's death ; and the conclusion, that the emancipation of them not having been effected in the testator's lifetime, they belonged to the executor as assets, and afterwards went to the distributee, was entirely repelled. In this state of the case it was brought to a final hearing, and the bill dismissed, Whyte, judge, still dissenting ; and the strength of the argument in favour of the executor, was rested upon'the fact that the negroes were then free, if not by the decree, by the said written agreement.
It will be seen from the particular phraseology of Beattie's will, that his land was not devised to his negroes ; but the direction was, to his executor, to sell it, and invest the proceeds in the purchase of other land in Indiana, and to invest his negroes with thc title to that, and settle them upon it. If it can be considered as a devise of the land to the executor, as a trustee, it was well enough, provided the trust was of such -a nature as could be executed. If, however, cestui que trust was incapable of-taking, the devise to the executor was just as void as it he himself had been under such a disability. In this case, the negroes not having been freed by the will of J3eattie, they descended as property, contemporaneously with the origin of the devise of the land to the executor, in trust for
them ; and, consequently, there was no cestui que trust that could be recognized as such, for whose benefit the trust could be executed, ir which could sustain the devise in trust. 4 Wheaton 1, Baptist Association v. Hart.
To avoid the operation of the principle last adverted to, the counsel for the executor contended; that the portion of Beattie's will above quoted, amounted to an executory devise of the land in favour of the negroes.. And that if the object of an executory devise have not a natural existence, or have no civil capacity, at the death of the devisor, b-.t should afterwards

SUPREME COURT.
rM'Cutchen et al. v, Marshallet al.]
acquire it ; that the devise is good, if the contingency upon which it is to take effect, happen within proper-time. The general principle here stated, is undoubtedly true ; but it is very much qualified in its application to the case of Hope v. Johnson. To give it effect, the object of such a devise must be capable in its own nature of coining into existence, or of acquiring the requisite faculties to take, independently of the conflicting and inconsistent rights of other persons to the subject of the executory devise ; and it must actually come into existence, and acquire the faculties, before such adverse rights accrue. As, for example, an executory devise to an unborn child, is good, provided the child be born before the devise is to take effect. Bpt if it be not born at the time the devise is to take effect, although, had it been born, it would have taken the property ; yet, not being then born, the property will go in a different direction ; and having once gone in tlat direction, it cannot afterwards be recalled, notwithstanding the child designated as the executory devise, should be subseque tly born. Again, if a person attainted is an executory devisee, 'the devise will take effect, provided the attainder be reversed before the time. appointed for that purpose. But, suppose the attainder be not reversed until after the arrival of the time, and the property in the mean time should be cast upon another,,in that case it is very manifest, that the right of that other to it would be good, and the subsequent -reversal of the attainder could make no difference. Applying the principle thus explained to the case of Hope v. Johnson, and it will be seen that, although there might have been an executory devise of the land to the executor, yet, as the negroes were the executory devisees, who were slaves, and as such went as property to the distributees, before they were emancipated, (if ever they were emancipated at all) they could not, therefore, take the land, or its proceeds, by virtue of such subsequent emancipation ; and, indeed,,that, they were not, and could not be endowed with the capacity to take. To get over this difficulty, Johnson's counsel founded himself upon the agreement and admission of Mrs Hope, that the negroes had been emancipated by virtue of the decree of Sumner circuit court; and from that fact,, he declared their capacity to take and hold land, as executory devisees.

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[M'Cutehen et al. v. Marshall et LI.]
Whether the direction contained in Beattie's will relativo to the disposition of his land, does amount to an executory devise of it, which may well be doubted, it is foreign to my present purpose to inquire. I have now gone through the analysis which I intended, of the case of Hope v. Johnson ; and I have but one or two observatioms more to make concerning it. It will probably be cited by the opposite counsel as a decision upon a statute of a state, by its own tribunal ; and he may, in that view, claim for it a particular weight upon the supreme court of the United States. -How far is it a decision or exposition 6f a state statute ! Only so far as to settle that slaves cannot be emancipated by will. And so far as I have before stated, it is an authority for M'Cutchen. But, so far as it respects executory devises, or devises in- trust, it is a decision founded on the general principles of the common law, and is no more to be regarded by the supreme court of the United States, than would be the decision of any other tribunal equally respectable.
By the laws of Tennessee, and the practice under themr petitions for emancipation are always preferred by the owners of slaves, who are desirous of conferring on them freedom ; and the only object of such petitions is to obtain the public sanction, and give the. requisite guarantee that the slaves, if superannuated, shall not become a charge to the community. And the county court, which is the public organ for this purpose, has to judge of the policy and propriety, in a moral point of view, of increasing the number of this species of population, Such being the case, there- is no necessity for the service of process on any one ; the, very party to be affected by the decision, to wit the owner of the slaves, being the petitioner and in court. But in the proceeding before Sumner circuit court, under the special statute before referred to, Robert Johnson, the executor of Beattie, was the petitioner ; and Mrs Hope, the distributee, to whom the negroes really belonged, was not cited to defend the petition, nor required by the law to be notified in any way ; nor was she in court, and the act of the court upon the petition was wholly ex parte.
I Hope v. Johnson is, moreover, a solitary decision, of a very important character, which has not been generally acquiesced in. And as a proof that it has not been considered as sustain-

SUPREME COURT.
[M'Cutchen et al.v. Marshall et al.1
ing the principle determined by itt,he act of 1829, cb. 29, was passed ; for the provisions of wbvich there would have beep no necessity, if the law had been as attempted to be settled in that case. That act merely carries out the principle of Hope v. Johnson, by making it the duty of an' executor, where the will of a testator directs his slaves to be set free, to prefer a petition to the court for that purpose ; and gives the court power, "if it shall appear to them that the slaves ought of right to be set free," so to order 'it ; he giving bond and security as required by former acts. It further provides, that if the executor fails or omits to prefer such petition, any person may file a bill in equity as the friend of the negroes, for the same purpose. The act further contemplates, that if the petition is filed, it must be done in the county court ; in which case, it requires no notice to the distributee. And although the act is silent as to the process or manner of proceeding, in case the prochein ami of the negroes should file a bill in equity ; yet, it is to be presumed, that it was intended that the proceeding there was to be after the manner of that court. Upon this act, and his petition to the county court under it, Marshall, the executor of M'Cutchen, founds himself, in addition to the authority of the case of Hope v. Johnson,
The answer to that view of the case is simply this. That by inevitable implication, according to the terms of the said act of 1829, slaves cannot ipso facto be freed by Will. That they are to receive their freedom by an act to be performed after the death of the testator. Then what was the legal condition of the slaves in controversy, eo instanti that the testator died ? They were undoubtedly slaves still. And if so, they were the property of some person, inasmuch as the title to them could not be in abeyance. That person' must have been the distributee, subject to the right of the executor to them as assets for the payment of debts. They were not needed as assets, as the attempt to emancipate them shows. Then how have the distributees been divested of their property? It is said, by this act of the executor, done after the. death of the testator, and the order of the county court made thereon; to whigh the distributee was neither a party nor a privy, and concerning which he had no notice whatever, Now it is humbly apprehended, that the gift of freedom to slaves must proceed

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[M'Cutehen et al. v. Marshall et al.]
from the owner, with the sanction of the court; and that it can, by no possibility, be derived from one who is not the owner, although he may sustain the character of a court, or of an executor ! And it is apprehended further, that it was not competent for the court and the executor to divest the distributee of his property wi.hout affording him any opportunity whatever to prevent it.
If it were competent for a testator to free his slaves by will,
it would be a most alarming doctrine to creditors. To prevent such a prejudice to creditors, no act of assembly has ever gone so far as to prescribe that it might be done; and I presume that no court, of common prudence, would permit an executor to do it, under any circumstances, until-he first adduced proof that the creditors were all satisfied, and his administration completed. If then slaves directed to be set free by a testator, could be considered as property for any purpose, after his death, they must be subject to all the incidents of property ;.and would consequently go to the distributee after the satisfaction of creditors. ' 19
The case of Hope v. Johnson is very imperfectly reported. This is a true and full history of it.
Mr White, for the appellees, contended That the laws of Tennessee do not prohibit the emancipation of slaves by last will and testament, and that the executors are authorized to observe the directions of the will, if the sovereign power, through the medium of' t eir legislature or the judicial tribunals, assent to such emancipation. The next of kin have no vested interest to be affected by such acts of the legislature, or decisions of any tribunal in whom jurisdic-
tion is reposed. The act of North Carolina of 1777, chap. 6, sec. 2, which was
in force in Tennessee, provided, "that no negro or mulatto shall hereafter be sct free, except for meritorious services, to be adjudged of and allowed by the county court, and license first had and obtained thereupon." The act of the legislature of Tennessee of 1801, chap. 27, see. 1, repealed and modified the former law, and allowed owners of slaves t6 petition the county court in all cases, not restricting their power to the case where meritorious services were performed. By the act of 1801, if
VOL. VIILi-2 E

SUPRviIE COURT.
[M'Cutchen et al. v. Marshall et al.]
the court, upor ox.amining the reasons set forth in the petition, are of opinion that acceding to the same would be consistent
with the interest and policy of the state, tie chairman thereof reports on the petition. Under the restrictions of that law
slaves can be emancipated. By the act of 1829, chap. 29, in force on the 26th November 1830, when the present bill was filed, it was made the duty of an executor, where a testator had by his will directed any slaves to be set free, to petition the county court accordingly, and if the executor refused, the slaves were authorized to file a bill for their freedom. Upon what ground can the argument be supported, that the directions of a testator to emancipate his slaves are void, and that the executor holds them in trust for the next of kin? It must be because there is a positive law forbidding such a mode of emancipation. No such law exists. The act of 1777, it is true, provided that no slave should be emancipated but for meritorious services, and the, county court was the tribunal to adjudge whether those services had been performed. To adjudge between whom? The master and the state. The act of 1801 leaves out the restriction, and gives the county court general powers, because the legislature had been harassed by the frequent applications for emancipation. The question arising in this cause has been decided in the supreme.court of errors and appeals, in the state of Tennessee, in the case of Anne Hope v. Robert Johnson, executor of the will of David 'Beattie, which was finally decided in January 1826, and a copy of the record in that cause, and the-opinion of the court is submitted for the inspection of this honourable'court. In that case the testator had given his slaves their freedom, and the bill was filed by the next of kin and heir at law,.stating that the devises directing the emancipation of the negroes, and the purchasing of lands, were void, and an injunction was granted to prevent the removal of the negroes.
The cause first came on to be heard on the 4th September 1821, and the supreme court ordered that the executoi-or any other of those appointed in said will, who might take upon themselves the execution thereof, should- be allowed twelve months from that time, to' procure the emancipatiboi of said slaves by any legal means whatever. In January 1826, the cause was finally heard, and the court in the decree pronounced

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[M'Cutchen et al. v. Marshall et al.I
tat the devises and bequests in the will were legal and valid, and that thereby the executors had full power and authority to procure the emancipation of the negroes; and to sell and dispose of real estate for the use of the negroes. In their opinion the court says, "that no particular mode of emancipation is specified by either the act of 1777 ch. 6, or of 1801 ch. 27. As between the master and the slave, the intent and volition of the master to emancipate may be made known by any species of instrument that will completely evince it, and then nothing more is wanted, but the assent of the state expressed by its organ the court, wlich may show its determination by reporting on the petition and certifying the same, and by causing both the petition and report to be filed amongst the records of the court. The mind and desire of the owner may be as well expressed by will, as by deed or any other instrument; and when it is made known by his will the duty of his executor is to use such legal meansas may be effectual for the completion of his purpose." No decision adverse to this has been made by the supreme court of Tennessee, and the principles established by that decision are believed to be conclusive, in favour of an affirmance of the decree of the circuit court. The only other case in Tennessee known to the counsel of the defendants, where the power of emancipation by will is alluded to, is the case of M'Cutchen v. Price, 3 Haywood's Reports 212. The court says, that "a testator may direct that the executor shall endeavbur to procure the emancipation of his slaves; and if the executor can do so, then all claims founded upon the legal impossibility of doing so vanish."
It i s true that in North Carolina it has been decided in the
case of Haywood v. Craven's executors, 2 North Carolina Law Repository "557,and some other cases that a devise to emancipate slaves is void. But these decisions are not applicable to the state of things in Tennessee, for in North Carolina they have no law similar the act of Tennessee of 1801, ch. 27, 'sec. 1, before mentioned. Their decisions are founded upon the acts of 1741, .ch. 24, sec. 56, and 1777, ch. 6, sec. 2; and their court say, that such devises are repugnant to positive provisions by statutes which have pointed out one method only, in.which slaves can be liberated, and that in one case-only, to

SUPREME COURT.
[M'Cutchen et al.v. Marshall et a.]
wit, lor meritorious services. Such is not the law of Tnnessee, and therefore the decisions in North Carolina hiave no application.
It is the settled law of Tennessee, that the issue of a female slave follows the condition of the mother. The case of Timms v. Potter, 1 Haywood's Reports 234; Craig and others v. Estis, Cooke's Reports 381; Preston v. M'Gaughey, Cooke 113, establish that the issue belong to the iemainder van, and not to the tenant for life. These cases have never been disputed. If then the children were born of mothers who were not absolutely slaves, but only for a limited period having a right to their freedom; if the executor colld procure the assent of the legislature, or of the sovereign power: does it not follow, that the children are entitled also to the privilege of freedom ? What was the situation of the mother at the time of the birth of the child ? The executors were iequired to procure her emancipation at the death of the wife of the testator. She was not a slave in the usual meaning of the word, she was entitled to freedom unless that right was refused from principles of public policy, and a court of equity will not prevent the executor from complying with the directions of the testato;, upon the application of next of kin who Lad no vested interest at the time of the death of the testator.
2. But suppose the directions for emancipation are void, are the complainants entitled to sustain this bill ? By the codicil to the will, Elizabeth Larkins is made sole residuary legatee of the personal propei ty, which should remnain at the death of his wife. Then the executor, if he could not legally emancipate the slaves, would hold them in trust for the residuary legatee and not for the next of kin. Slaves are personal property by the laws of Tennessee.
Mr Justice TuiouPsoN delivered the opinion of the Court. This case comes up by appeal from the decree of the circuit cotut of the United States for the district of West Tennessee, by which time bill of the complainauts was dismissed. The bill states, that Patrick M'Cutchen, a citizen of the' state of Tennessee, departed this life some time in the year 1812, having shortly befo,'e, in the same year, made his last will and testament., which, after his death, had been duly pioved and re-

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[M'Cutchen et al. v. Marshall et al.]
corded. By which will, the testttor among othier things, bequeathed to his wife Hannah, during her natura' life, all his slaves, and provid.ed, that they, specifying them by name, should, at the death of his wife, be liberated from slavery, and for ever and entirely set free ; except those that were not of age, or should not have arrived at the age of twenty-one years at the death of his wife. And those were to be subject to the control, and under the direction of his brother and brother-inlaw, until they were of age ; at which period they were to be liberated. Samuel M'Cutchen, James Marshall, and his wife Hannah, were made executors, and all qualified. Patrick M'Cutchen died without issue. His widow had the possession of the slaves during her life. And James -Marshall is the only surviving executor. The bill further states, that the complainants and the defendants, except James Marshall and two others, vho are not made parties, because they reside out of the jurisdiction of the court, are the distributees and nsxt of kin to the testator, and that the slaves and their increase are liable to be distributed toand among the complainants and the other next of kin ; and that the executor, James Marshall, refuses to distribute them, because the will directs their emancipation. And that he has actually presented a petition to the county court of Williamson, and procured the emancipation.of some of them. And the bill charges, that the county court had no power to emancipate upon the application of an executor. That, by the laws of Tennessee* slaves cannot be set free by last will and testament, or by any directions therein. That if the law does authorise emancipation, that they are still slaves until the period for emancipation ; and that the increase born after the death of the tnstator, and before their mothers were actually set free, are slaves, and, as such, liable to be distributed. The bill then states the names of the several children, ,born after the death of the testator ; and prays an account of hire, and the distribution of all thb slaves and their increase ; and an injunction to prevent the executor florn proceeding to establish the freedom of the negroes, or removing them beyond the jurisdiction of the court, and also for general relief.
This statement of the allegations in the bill, thus far, is all. that is necessary for the purpose of raising the material questions in the case, viz. the right of the owner of slaves in the

SUPREME COURT.
[M'Cutchen et al. v. Marshall et al.]
state of Tennessee, to manumit such slaves by his last'will and testament. To this bill there is a demurrer by the executor Marshall, for want of parties, and also because there is no equity in the bill. The other defendants not having appeared, the bill is taken for confessed by them, and set f~t hearing. ex parte.
The demurrer admits the facts stated in the bill, and the question already mentioned is raised for the consideration bf the court.
As a general proposition, it would seem a little extraordinary to contend,-that the owner of property is not at liberty to renounce his right to it, either absolutely, or in any modified manner he may think proper. -As between the owner and his slave, it would require the most explicit prohibition by law, to rest-rain this right. Considerations of policy, with respect to this species of property, may justify legislative regulation, as to the guards dnd checks under which such. manumission shall take place ; especially, so as to provide against the public's becoming chargeable for the maintenance of slaves so man" umitted. Itbecomes necessary, therefore, to inquire what legislative provision has been made in the state of Tennessee on this subject; and it will be found, that the legislature has been gradually relaxing the restrictions upon the right of manumission. By the act of North Carolina of 1777, ch. 6, sect. 2, which was in force in Tennessee, it is declared, that no negro or mulatto shall hereafter be sei flee, except for meritorious services, to be adjudged of, and allowed by the county court. The act of Tennessee of 1801,'ch. 27, sect. 1, modified the former law, and -allowed the owners of slaves to petitiULI the county court in all cases ; setting forth the intention and motive for such emancipation, without any restriction as to meritorious services. And if the county court, upon examining the reasons set forth in the petition, shall be of opinion, that acceding to the same would be consistent with the interest and policy of the state, they are authorised to allow the manumission, under the provisions therein prescribed, to guard against the slave, so manumitted, becoming a public charge for maintenance.
This act does not, in terms, extend the right of application to the county court for the manumission of slaves, to any one, except the owner of the slaves. And it is argued, on the part

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[M'Cutchen et al. v. Marshall et al.]
of the appellants, that no such application can be made by executors ; and that the declaration and direction in the will of Patrick M'Cutchen, in relation to the manumission of his slaves, amounts to no more than an expression of a wish on the part of the testator, that his slaves should be free ; but did not amount to a manumission, or confer any authority on the executor to .consummate the manumission, by application to the county court. And the power of the county court to manumit on the application of the executor, is denied; and their proceedings in the present case, alleged to be entirely void.
This questiou came under the consideration of the court of appeals in the state of Tennessee, in the case of Anne Hope v. Robert Johnson, executor of David Beattie, decided in January 1826. In that case Beattie, by his will, directed certain parts of his property to be sold, and the proceeds thereof to be laid out in'lands in the.Indiana Territory ;'the right to which he vested in the negroes he then owned, naming them. "Each and 6ll of whom I give' their entire freedom, and the settling of them on the above lands, under the direction of my executor." The bill was filed by the next of kin and heir at law ; alleging, that the direction, with respect to the manumission of the slaves, and the puirchase of the land, was void. The court decided that the devises and bequests in the bill, were legal and valid ; and that thereby the executor had full power and authority to procure the manumission of the slaves; and to sell and dispose of the estate for their use, according to the directions in the will.
The court, in pronouncing their opinion, say, "that no particular mode of emancipation is specified, either by the act of 1777, or of 1801. As between the master and the slave, the intent and volition of the master to emancipate, maybe made known by any species of-instrument that will completely evince it; and then nothing mote is wanted but the assent of the state, expressed by its organ, the court ; which may show its determination by reporting on the petition, and certifying the same ; and by causing both the petition and the report to be filed among the records of the court. The mind and, desire of the owner may be as well expressed by will, as by deed or any other instrument; and when it is miade known -by his will, the

SUPREME COURT.
[M'Cutchen et al. v. Marshall et al.]
duty of his executor is, to use such legal means as may be effectual for the completion of his purpose."
This is a judicial interpretation by the highest court in the state, of one of its own statutes, which has always been held by- this court as conclusive ; especially if such interpretation has not been called in question in its own tribunals and no case has been referred to, tending in any measure to shake this decision. And indeed, it is very much strengthened, if not absolutely confirmed, by the subsequent act of 1829, ch. 29, by which it is made the duty of an executor or administrator with the will annexed, where a testator had, by his will, directed any slaves to be set free, to petition the county court accordingly, and if the executor or administrator shall fail or refuse to do so, the slaves are authorised to file a bill for their freedom, under certain regulations pointed out by the statute (Digest. Ten. Laws 327, where all the laws are collected).
This act having been passed since the death of the testator in the case now before us, and since the manumission by the county court of Williamson county (as is presumed, though that time does not appear in the record), may not ratify and confirm the manumissions in the present case. Yet laving been passed since, the decision.in the case of Hope v. Executor of Beattie, it may well be considered a legislative sanction of the construction which had been given by the court of appeals to the act of 1801. At all events, the decision in the case of Hope v. Executor of Beattie, must be considered as settling the construction of the act of 1801, and authorising the executor to petition the court for the manumission of the slaves, and justifying the proceedings of the court theieupon.
This construction of the act of 1801, puts,,at rest the claims of wie appellants to all the slaves, except the children of the females, which were born after the death of the testator, and before the death of his widow, to whom all his slaves were bequeathed, during her natural life. And this class includes the children of Eliza and Cynthia only. For, with respect to Rose and her children, the testator declares, that upon the death of his wife, they sbuallt be liberated from slavery, and fbr ever and entirely set, free.
The question thcn arises, how the children of Eliza and Cynthia, born during the continuance of the life estate of the

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[M'Cutchen et al. v. Marshall et al.]
Widow, are to be considered. It isadmitted to be a settled rule in the state of Tennessee, that the issue of a female slave follows the condition of the mother. If, therefbre, Vliza and Cynthia were slaves when their children were born, it will follow as matter of course, that their childien are slaves also, If this was an open question, it might be urged with some force that the condition of Eliza and Cynthia, during the life of the widow, was not that of absolute slavery; but was, by the will, converted into a modified servitude, to end upon the death of the widow, or on their arrival at the age of twenty-one years, should she die before that time. If the mothers were not absolute slaves, but held in the condition just mentioned, it would seem to follow, that their children would stand in the same condition, and be entitled to their freedom on their arrival at twenty-one years of age. But the courje of decisions in the state of Tennessee, and some other states where slavery is tolerated, go very str'mgly, if not conclusively, to establish the principle, that females thfis situated, are considered slaves. That itis.only a conditional manumission, and that, until the contingency happens, upon which the freedom is to take effect, they remain, to all intents and purposes, absolute slaves. And we do nbt mean to disturb that principle. Cook's Reports 131, 381 ; 2 Randolph 228; 1 Haywood 234. The children of Eliza and Cynthia must, therefore, be considered. slaves : and the question arises, whether the allegations in the bill are sufficient to call upon the executor to account for their wages, or to restrain him from taking any measures to establish their freedom.
The bill charges, that Pleasant and ten others, naming them, the children of Cynthia and Eliza(or perhaps Rose), were all born after the death of the said Patrick, and before the time arrived, when, by the directions of the said will, they vere to be set free ; and that they are (if no others) to be distributed among the representatives of the said Patrick ; and prays, that the executor, James Marshall, may be compelled to distribute said slaves among the complainants, and account for their hire in the proportions to which tihey are entitled.
We think these allegations are too vague and uncertain to call upon the executor to account, in any manner, for t ose clhildren.
VOL. Viii.-09 F

SUPREME COURT.
[M'Cutchen et al.v. Marshall et al.]
In the first place, it is left entirely uncertain which of
the persons named, are the children of Eliza or Cynthia.
They are alleged to be the children of Eliza and Cynthia (or perhaps Rose); that is, perhaps the children of Rose. Now, if they, or any of them, are the children of Rose, such children are expressly manumitted by ihe will. In the next place, it is not alleged which of them are the children of Eliza, and
which of Cynthia. And, by the will, a special and different disposition is made of these two. The testator directs, that Eliza shall be at the control and under the direction of his brother, Samuel M'Cutchen, until her arrival at the age of twenty-one years, and then to be set free. And, that Cynthia shall be at the control and under the direction of James Marshall, until she arrives at the age of twenty-one years, when she shall be liberated and for ever set 'free.
The bill does not charge the appellee with having the possession or control of these children ; or that lie has received any wages for, or on account of them. Nor, under the various dispositions of these slaves, by the will of Patrick M'Cutchen, will the law charge the surviving executor with a breach oi trust or neglect of duty, in not taking the charge and management of these children. If they are slaves, and the complainants have a right to them, they have an adequate remedy at law, to assist and enforce that right.
But it is contended, on the part of the appellee, that, independent of all other considerations, the appellants have no right to these slaves, or any part of them. -for, by the codicil to the will, Elizabeth Larkins is made sole residuary legatee of the personal property which should remain at the death of the testator's wife; and that slaves in Tennessee, being personal property, the executor holds them in trust for the residuary legatee, and not for the next of kin.
We do not, however, think (his is-the true construction of the codicil. It professes to explain one of the articles in the will, bt, not to maL-e a different disposition of the property mentioned in that article. The article referred to, is the fifth, which in the will reads thus: "I will and bequeath to the said Patrick M'Cutchen, fourth son of my brother, Samuel M'Cutchen, and to Elizabeth Larkins, daughter of John Larkins, by his first wife, Margaret, jointly and equally, the land

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[M'Cutchen et al. v. Marshall et al.]
on which I now live, with all its appurtenances, together with all the resid'iw of my pcreono.l property (slaves excepted) which shall remain after payment of my just debts, &c., to take effect at -the death of my beloved wife, &c.".
The codicil reads thus: "whereas some doubts maybe entertained respecting the construction of the fifth article, and as I find upon review of the subject, I have not expressed my meaning with sufficient perspicuity, I declare this to be my will'and meahing of the said fifth article ; Patrick M'Cutchen, named in that article, is to be the.joint legatee with Elizabeth Larkins of the land only, and Elizabeth Larkins sole residuary legatee of the personal property which shall remain at the death of my wife."
The personal property referred to in the codicil, must mean the same personal property mentioned in the fifth article, otherwise the codicil would not be what it professes to be, explanatory of that article, but would be a different disposition of the property. The codipil must, therefore, be read with the same exception of the slaves as is contained in the fifth article. And that the testator did not intend to include any slaves in this. codicil is very evident, because by the will, at the death of his wife, all his slaves were to be manumitted; so that there could be no slaves to pass under the residuary clause in the will, or the codicil.
But upon the other grounds stated in this opinion, we think the bill contains no equity which entitles the appellants to relief. And the. decree of the circuit court dismissing the bill, is accordingly affirmed.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from-the circuit court of the United States, for the district of West Tennessee, and was argued by counsel ; on consideration whereof, it is ordered, adjudged and decreed. by this court, that the decree of the said circuit court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs.

SUPREME COURT.
TiE UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS V. GEORGE J. F. CLARKE.
Construction of the articles'of the treaty between the United States and Spain, ceding Florida, relating to the confirmation of grants of land made by the Spanish authorities, prior to the treaty.
An examination of the authority of the governors of Florida, and of other Spanish officers under the crown of Spain, to grant landswithin the territory, and of the manner in which that authority was exercised.
An examination of the legislation of the United States, on the subject of the examination and confirmation of Spanish grants of land in the territory of Florida, made before the cession of the same to the United States.
As the United States are not suable of common right, the party who institutes a suit against them must bring his case within the authority of some act of congress, or the court cannot exercise jurisdiction.
In courts of a special limited jurisdiction, which the superior court of East Florida unquestionably is in this. case, the pleadii gs must contain averments which bring the cause within the jurisdiction of the court, or the whole proceedings will be erroneous.
It was obviously the intention of congress to extend the jurisdiction of the court to all existing claims, and to have them finally settled. The purpose for which the act was made could not be otherwise accomplished. Any claim which the court was unable to decide, on the petition of the claimant, would remain the subject of litigation. Ths would defeat the obvious intention of congress, which ought to be kept in view in construing the act.
The words in the law which confer jurisdiction, and describe the cases on which it may be exercised are, " all the remaining cases which have been presented according to law, and not finally, acted upon." The subsequent words," shall be adjudicated," &c., prescribe the rule by which the jurisdiction previously given shall be exercised.
APPEAL from the superior court of East Florida. On-the 4th of April 1829, the following petition was filed by
the appellee in the superior court of Florida. To the honourable the judge of the superior court for the
district and territory aforesaid, in chancery sitting : The petition of George J. F. Clarke, a native and inhabi-
tant of the aforesaid territory, respectfully showethThat, upon the 6th day of April in the year of our Lord 1816,
Don Jose Coppinger, then acting governor of the province of East Florida (by virtue of authority derived from the Spanish government), actually made to your petitioner, an absolute title it)fee, of five miles square of land, which your petitioner avers, aonounts to the number of sixteen thousand acres, on the

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[United States v. Clarke.]
west side of St John's river, near and at Black creek, and at a place called White Spring, for and in consideration of your petitioner having actually (before the day of the date of said grant) constructed a saw mill, to be impelled by animal power, which sufficiently appeared by proof to the said governor, as is fully evidenced by the tenor of the grant aforesaid, and as a reward, for the industry and ingenuity of your petitioner in the constructing of the aforesaid saw mill, and for other causes and considerations in said grant set forth, all of which will more fully appear by reference to said grant, a certified translation whereof will in due time be filed herewith, and exhibited to this honourable court, and prayed to be made a part hereof.
Your petitioner further showeth, that, finding there was not vacant land at the place aforesaid suiting his wishes, sufficient to make the amount or number of acres aforesaid granted to him, he did, on the 25th day of January 1819, file a memorial before the aforesaid governor Coppinger, praying to be allowed to survey eight thousand acres of said grant on other vacant lands ; and that, by a decree or grant of the aforesaid governor. Don Jose Coppinger, bearing date on the 25th day of January 1819, the prayer of your petitioner was accorded to him, as will fully and at large appear, by reference to a translation of a document herewith filed.
Your petitioner further states that, in pursuance of, and in accordance with the grant first before referred to, and the subsequent grant amendatory thereto, the said lands were surveyed tohim in three surveys. One of eight thousand acres, at a place in the original grant named, on the west shore of St John's river, beginning at a stake at Picolata ferry landing, and running south eighty-two degrees west one hundred and ten chains, to a pine ; second line, north fifteen degrees .west one hundred and twenty-three chains, to a pine; third line, north ,five degrees east one hundred and twenty-three chains, to a pine; fourth line, north thirty-five degrees west one hundred and seventy-five chains, to a pine; fifth line, north eighty-two degrees west one hundred and fifty-four chains, to a pine ; sixth line, north sixty degrees west one hundred and seventy-four chains, to a pine ; seventh line, north twenty-five degrees east one hundred and twelve chains, to a stake on the south side of

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Clarke.]
Buckley creek at the mouth, and thence with the meanders of St John's river to the beginning. One other survey of three thousand acres, situated in and about Cone's hammock, to the south of Mizzell's, or Orange lake, beginning at a stake, and running thence, south seventy degrees east one hundred and sixty-three chains ninety-two links, to a pine ; second line, south twenty degrees west one hundred and twenty-two chains fifty links, to a hickory ; third line, north seventy degrees west one hundred and twenty-two chains fifty links, to a red bay ; fourth line, north fifty-eight degrees west one hundred and forty-four chains, to a pine; fifth line, north twenty degrees, east ninety chains seventy-one links, to the beginning, And one other survey of five thousand acres, situated in Lang's hammock, on the south side of Mizzell's or Orange lake. Plats and certificates of all which surveys will in due time be filed and exhibited herein: the lands herein designated, all being and lying within the jurisdiction of this court.
Your. petitioner further states, that his aforesaid claim was filed before the board of commissioners appointed to ascertain claims and titles to lands in East Florida, who, as he is informed and believes, have refused to recommend the same to the favourable notice of the United States government ; and have rejected the same, but have not reported it forged or antedated. But your petitioner is advised and believes, and alleges and avers, that, by and under the usages, customs, laws and ordinances of the king of Spain, he is entitled to, and invested with a complete and full title in fee simple, to the lands so as aforesaid granted to him; and that, by the treaty between Spain and the United States, of the 22d February 1819, the United States are bound to recognise and confiEm to him his aforesaid title, in as full and ample a manner as he had or held the same under the Spanish government. Without this, as far as your petitioner is advised, the United States are the rightful claimants to said lands.
And your petitioner prays, in consideration of the premises, that this honourable court will take jurisdiction of this his petition, and that a copy hereof, and a citation to show cause, &c. may be served on Thomas Douglass, Esquire, United States district attorney for this district, pursuant to the provisions of

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[United States v. Clarke]
the statute in such cases made and provided ; and, finally, that your honour will decree to your petitioner a confirmation of his title to the lands in this his petition claimed, and all such further and other relief as in equity he is entitled to ; and your petitioner, as in duty, &c.
On the 25th January 1819, the claimant presented a petition to the governor of the province, setting forth that the land in the neighbourhood of White Spring, which had been granted to him, did not atswer his expectation, and praying that the surveyor appointedto survey the land granted to him, might be directed to alter the survey, so as to reduce the square of five miles to the depth of about two and a half miles, by its original length of five miles ; and that the surveyor might be further instructed to survey the residue of the quantity granted to the petitioner, "in the hammock, called Lang's and Cone's, situated on the south of Mizzell's lake." On the same day, the 25th day of January 1819, the governor granted.the request of the petitioner.
On the 24th of February 1819, the surveyor gave a certificate, that he had surveyed to the petitioner, eight thousand acres of land, west of the river St John's, beginning at the mouth of Berkley creek, below White Spring, and following upwards the margin of said river, &d.
On the 10th of March 1819, the said surveyor gave another certificate, that he had surveyed for the petitioner, five thousand acres of land, in the place called Lang's hammock, situated south of Mizzell Lagoon, west of the riter St John's, in part of a greater quantity granted to the said petitioner, on the 6th of April 1816.
On the 12th of March 1819, the said surveyor gave another certificate, in which he states that he had surveyed to the petitioner, three thousand acres of land, in the place called Cone's hammock, being the complement of a greaterquantity which was granted to him on the 6th of April 1816.
The following copies of the petition, decree and grant were annexed to the petition.
(Translation.) Memorial. To the Governor: Don George Clarke, a native of this province, with due respect, presents himself to your honour, and says that, having noticed the con, stant scarcity of saived lumber in thk provinee, and parlicit

SUPREME COURT.

[United States v. Clarke.]

larly at this town, which, in consequenceof the scantiness of

this indispensable material, .has but half of the 'population that it

ought to have ; and induced by the general advantages that

may result from mills worked by animals over those worked by

water, wind, or fire, because they are less expensive, more secure,

and adapted to anystation, he has accomplished one at this town

of his own invention and workmanship, which, with four horses,

saws eight lines at a time, at the rate of two thousand super-

ficial feet per day. Therefore, he prays that your honour will be

pleased to grant him a title of property to the quantity of land

your honour had thought proper to assign to the water mills

for their contlifual supply, forming a quantity equivalent to a

five mile square; which lands he solicits on the western part

of the St John's river, above Black creek, at a place entirely

vacant, known by the name of White Spring. He hopes to re-

ceive this gtant from your honour's kindness, because, by this

proof of his industry and labour, he has given to the public

an invention that by its expediency, simplicity, and cheapness, offers from this source of lumber the most considerable advan-

tages not only to the royal revenue, but to the public also, by

the labour of cutting, use, and commerce.

Fernandina, March 16, 1816.

P.D. For proof of what I have stated to your honour, I

herewith present a certificate of the civil and military com-

mander of this town, ut supra.

GEORGE J. F. CLARKE.

Grant to Clarke' for sixteen thousand acres. Decree. St

Augustine, April 3, 1816. This government have granted

lands to other individuals, inhabitants of this province, who

have solicited them fo1t'tle cutting of timber- and the use of

the same for the saw mills or machines that they intend'to'esta-

blish, but with the condition of being without effect until these

establishments be made. And whereas Don George Clarke

proves, by certificate of the commander of the town of Fer-

nandina, that he has constructed a mill of greaf utility, that,

offers advantages to that settlement, which it is the duty and

interest of government to promote in coi'pliance with royal

orders despatched for that purpose, rewarding the industrious

and laborious as an example to encourage other inhabitants,

and precure the increase of invention,: it is granted to the afore-

JALUARY TERM 1834.
[United States v. Clarke.]
said Don George Clarke, the five miles square of land that he solicits, of which a title shall be issued comprehending the place, and under the boundaries set forth in this petition, without injury to a third person.
COPPINGER.
(Translation.) Title of property of five miles square of land to Don George Clarke. Don Jose Coppinger, lieutenant colonel of the. royal army, civil and military governor pro ternpore, and chief of the royal domain of this city and its province, &c. : Whe'eas, by a royal order communicated to this government, on the 29th October 1790, by the captain general of the island of Cuba and the two Floridas, it is provided, among other things. that, to foreigners who of their free will present themselves to swear allegiance to our sovereign, there be granted to them lands gratis in proportion to the workers that each family may have; and whereas Don George Clarke, inhabitant of the town of Fernandina, has presented himself, manifesting that he has constructed, from his own ingenuity, a machine that, with four horses, saws eight lines at one time, cutting two thousand superficial feet of timber in a day, and soliciting, in virtue thereof, a grant in absolute property of five miles square of land for a stock and supply of timber, which is the portion that has been granted for water saw mills; and having pointed out a competent tract of the west side of St John's river, above Black creek, at a place called White Spring, that is vacant, which etablishment of said machine .has been proved by a certificate of the civil and military commandant of the town of Fernandina: therefore, and in consideration of the advantages arising from such improvements in this said province, and in order that, by rewarding the industrious and ingenious, it may serve as an example and stimulus to other inhabitants, I have found proper, by my decree of the third of the present month, to order the issue of a competent title of property of said five miles square of land, as will appear more fully by the proceedings had on the occasion, and existing in the archives of the present notary. Therefore, I have resolved to grant, as in the name of his majesty I do grant, to the said George Clarke, the aforementioned five miles square of land for himself, his heirs, and successors, in absolute property ; and I do issue, by these presents, a competent title, wherebv.1
VOL, VIII -3 r

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v, Clarke.]
separate the royal domain from the right and dominion it had to said lands, and I cede and transfer the same to the said George Clarke, his heirs and successors, to possess them as their own, and to use and enjoy them without any incumbrance or tribute whatever, with all their inlets, outlets, uses, customs, rights, and services, which they have had, have, and by custom or law may have, or in any wise may appertain to them and at their will, to sell, cede, transfer, and dispose of them at their pleasure. To all which I interpose my authority as I can, and and of right ought to do, by virtue of these presents and the sovereign will. Given under my signature, and countersigned by the notary of government and royal domain in this city of St Augustine of Florida, on-the 6th April 1816.
JOSE COPPINGER.
By order of his Excellency.
JUAN DE ENTRALGO,
.Notarypro tern. of Gov. and Royal Domain. The answer of the United States district attorney expressly denies that by and under the usages) customs, laws, and ordinances of the king of Spain, the petitioner is entitled to, and vested with a full and complete title in fee simple, or any other title whatever to the said land, and that the supposed grant to the said petitioner is entirely null and void. The answer further denies, that governor Coppinger had any power or authority whatever to make such a grant; and that if such a grant was ever, made to the petitioner, it wa? made in violation of the laws,.ordinances, and royal regulations of the Spanish government. The decree of the court below confirmed the claim of the petitioner not to the land described, and which, if any, was vested in the said petitioner by the grant of governor Coppingr, dated the 6th of April 1816, but other lands described by the surveyor in his several certificates, dated the 24th of Fepruary, and 10th and 12th of March 181.9.
The case was argued byMr Call, for the United.States; and by Mr Berrien and Mr Wilde, for the appellee.
The counsel for the United States presented the follo,ving grounds for the consideration of the court, and on which they contend the decree of the court below should be reversed.

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[United States v. Clarks.]
1. The petitioner has not described on the record such a case as is embraced by the jurisdiction expressly conferred by statute on the superior court of East Florida.
2. The petitioner cannot show that.he has such a claim to land in Florida; as gives him a right to prosecute his suit for its confirmation against the government under the provisions of the acts of congress of 1824 and 1828,*conferring jurisdiction in certain cases on the superior courts of Florida.
3. The governor of the province of East Florida had no power or authority under the laws, ordinances and royal regulations of Spain to make the grant in question.
4. If the governor possessed the power of making the said graitt on the 6th day of April 1816, the eighth article of the treaty having barred all grants made subsequent to the 24th of January 1819, he had no power on the 25th of January 1818, to substitute other lands of a superior quality at a remote distance for those which were granted to the petitioner on the 6th of April 1816.
5. The change of location on the 25th of January 1819, was equivalent to the power of making a new grant, and the act is void under the provisions of the treaty. The lands claimed by the petitioner, and embraced in the second and third surveys, were vacant lands on the 2 Ith of January 1818, and were by the second article ofthe treaty of 1819 transferred to the United States. (a)
The counsel for the appellee considered that the several points arising in this case have been already decided by this court in the cases of The United States v. Arredondo, 6 Peters 691, and The United States v. Perebeman, 7 Peters 51. and contended:
1. That the gyant of governor Coppinger vests in the claimant a full and absolute title in fee to the premises in controversy.
2. That the authority to grant land to foreigners is in addition to, and does not exclude, the right to grant for good cause to the subjects of Spain.
(a) Mr Call, counsel for the United States, afterwards laid before the court a printed argument, applicable to thie and the subsequent cases. It will be found in the appendix to this volume.

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Clarke.]
3. That the general authorityof the governor being ascertained, he alone was competent to decide upon the sufficiency of the considerations on which this grant was founded.
Mr Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion of the Court.
In April 1829, George J.. F. Clarke, the defendant in error, filed his petition in the court of the United States, for the eastern district of Florida, praying that court to decree a confirmation of his title to sixteen thousand acres of land, granted, to him on the 6th day of April 1816, by Don Jose Coppinger, then acting governor of the province of East Florida.
The attorney for the district appeared, and by his answer denied all the material allegations of the petition.
Several exhibits were filed, and several depositions were taken; and in May term 1J832, the court adjudged the claim of the petitioner to be valid; from which judgment the district attorney, on behalf of the United States, prayed an appeal to this court.
As the United States are not suable of common right, the party who institutes such suit must bring his case within the authority of some act of congress, or the court cannot exercise jurisdiction over it. The counsel for the United States contends, that George J. F. Clarke has not by his petition made .a case in which the United States have consented to be sued; and, consequently, that the court of the district had no jurisdiction. To maintain this objection, he has stated several principles, and citod several decisions of this court in support of them. The proposition, that in courts of a special limited jurisdiction, which that of East Florida unquestionably is in *this case, the pleadings must contain averments which bring the cause within the jurisdiction of the court, or the whole proceeding will be erroneous, is admitted. The inquiry is, does the petition of George J. F. Clarke contain these averments.
Florida contained an immense quantity of vacant land which the United States desired to sell. Numerous tracts, in various parts of this territory, to an amount not ascertained, had been granted by its former sovereigns, and confirmed by treaty. To avoid anyconflict between these titles and those which might be acquired under the United States, it was necessary to ascer-

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[United States v. Clarke.]
tain their validity, and the location of the lands. FoF this purpose boards of commissioners were appointed, with extensive powers, and great progress was made in the adjustment of claims. But neither the law of nations, or the faith of the United States, would justify the legislature in authorizing these boards to annul pre-existing titles, which might consequently be asserted in the ordinary courts of the country, against any grantee of the American government. The powers of the commissioners therefore were principally directed to the attainmient of information, on which they might report to congress, who generally confirmed all claims on which they reported favourably. After considerable progress had been thus made in the adju'stment of titles, congress, on the 26th of May 1830, passed an act for the final settlement of land claims in Florida This act, after confirming titles to a considerable extent, which are described in the first, second and third sections, enacts that all the remaining claims which have been presented according to law, and not finally acted upon, shall be adjudicated and finally settled upon the same conditions, restrictions and limitations, in dvery respect, as are prescribed by the act of congress, approved 23d of May 1828, entitled, "An act," &c.
It was obviously the intention of congress to extend the Jurisdiction of the court to all existing claims, and to have them finally settled. The purpose for which the act was made could not be otherwise accomplished. Any claim which the court, was unable to decide on the petition of the claimant, would remain the subject of litigation. This would defeat the obvious intention of congress, which ought to be kept in view in construing the act.
The words which confer jurisdiction, and describe the cases on which it may be exercised, are "all the remaining cases which have been presented according to law, and not finally acted upon." The svbsequent words "shall be adjudicated," &c. prescribe the rule by which the jurisdiction previously given shall be exercised.
The 'petition of Clarke, after showing his title under the government of Spain, adds, "your petitioner farther states, that his aforesaid claim was filed before the board of commissioners, appointed to ascertain claims and titles to lands in East Florida, who, as he is informed and believes, refused to recorn-

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. ClarkeJ
mend the same to the fhvourable notice of the United States government; and ,iave rejected the same, but have not reported it forged or ante-dated." Do these averments satisfy the requisites of the statute ?
The act requires that it shall "have been presented according to law, and not finally acted upon." ,The petition states, "that it was filed before the board of commissioners," which is presenting it " according to law;" and then proceeds to state the.action of the board upon it. That action is not by law made final, consequently the case is one of those which the court is directed to adjudicate and finally settle, on the principies contained in the act of 1828. Any defect in the title as exhibited, will be considered in deciding on the right, but does not constitute an objection to jurisdiction.
The title, as set out in the petition and exhibits filed with it,
is as follows: On the 16th of March 1816, George J. F. Clarke, styling
himself a native of the province, presented a memorial to the governor of East Florida, in which he states the service lie has rendered the public, by inventing and constructing a saw mill of great execution, and prays, in consideration thereof, a grant of the quantity of land which his honour had thought proper to assign to the water mills, equivalent to five miles square; which land he solicits on the western part of St John's River, above Black Creek, at a place entirely vacant, known by the name of White Spring.
On the 3d of April the governor made a decree, in whichi after reciting that he had granted lands to other individuals on account of saw-mills or machines to be erected, but with condition of being without effect until the establishments be made, and that Clarke had exhibited proof of the actual erection of a mill of great utility, grants to the said George Clarke the five miles square of land that he solicits, "of which a title shall be issued, comprehending the place, and under the boundaries set forth in this petition, without injury to a third person."
The title was issued on the sixth of the same month. It recites that " whereas by a royal order communicated to the government on the 29th of October 1790, by the captain-general of the island of Cuba and the two Floridas, it is provided, among other things, that to foreigners who, of their free will,

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[United States v. Clarke.)
present themselves to swear allegiance to our sovereign, there be granted to them lands gratis,. in proportion to the workers that each family may have; and whereas Don George Clarke,. inhabitant of the town of Fernandina, has presented himself, manifesting that he has constructed, ftom his own ingenuity, a machine that, with four horses, saws eight lines at one time, cutting two thousand superficial feet of timber in a day, and soliciting in virtue thereof a grant ihabsolute property of five miles square of land," &c.;" therefore, and in consideration of the advantages arising from such improvements in this said province, and in order that, by rewarding the industrious and ingenious, it may serve as an example and stimulus to other inhabitants. I have found proper, by my decree of the third of the present month, to order the issue of a competent title of property of said five miles square of land, as will more fully appear," &c. "Therefore I have resolved to grant, as in the name of his majesty I do grant," &c.
An order to survey the land contained in this grant was given by the governor on the 29th of December 1818.
Afterwards, on the 25th of January 1819, Clarke presented a memorial to the governor, stating that the quantity of land required for his purpose could not be obtained at the place designated, and praying that the depth back might be contracted to about one and a half miles, and the residue be surveyed at a different place described in the memorial. This prayer was granted, and surveys were executed and returned, placing eight thousand acres on the ground described in the decree and grant, and the remaining eight thousand acres, in two surveys, on the ground designated in the memorial of the 25th of January 1819.
The counsel for the United States contend, that the grant made to the petitioner, by the governor of East Florida, is void, because he had no power to make it.
The royal order of the 29th of October 1790, which is recited in the grant of the 6th of April 1816, most certainly does not authorize that grant. It was avowedly made for the purpose of inviting foreigners into the province, and Clarke was an inhabitant. It limited the quantity of land to be granted to a fixed number of acres for the workers that each family may have; and it is not doubted that the quantity actually

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Clarke.]
contained in the grant far exceeded the quantity authorized by that order. It is too plain for argument that, if the validity of tie grant depends on its being in conformity with the royal order of 1790, it cannot be supported. But we do not think it does depend on that order.
Although the order is recited,. the grant does not profess to be founded on it. That it is not, is most apparent. The grant immediately proceeds to recite that Clarke is an inhabitant of Fernandina, which would of itself defeat his application if depending on the order in favour of "foreigners who of their free will present themselves to swear allegiance to the sovereign" of the grantor. It then proceeds to state the real motive for which it is made. It is that he has constructed a machine of great value. It is for this, and not for his being willing to swear allegiance to. the king of Spain, that he solicits the grant. "1Therefore," proceeds the grant, "and in consideration of the advantages arising from such improvements in this said province, and in order that, by rewarding the industrious and ingenious, it may serve as an example and stimulus to other inhabitants, I have found proper, by my decree of the third of the present month, to order the issue of a competent title," &c. "Therefore," that is in execution of the decree of the third, 1"I have resolved to grants" &c.
The grant, then, of the 6th of April is avowedly made in execution of the decree of the 3d. That decree contains no allusion to the royal order of October 1790, but professes to be founded entirely on the motives afterwards expressed in the grant itself in addition to that order.
We cannot think, that the recital of a fact entirely immaterial, on which fact the grant d'oes not profess to be founded, can vitiate an instrument reciting other considerations on which it does profess to be founded, if the matter, as recited, be sufficient to authorise it.
Without attempting to assign motives for the recital of that order, we are of opinion, that, in this case, the recital is quite immaterial, and does not affect the instrument. The real inquiry is, whether governor Coppinger had power to make it.
By the second article of the treaty of the 22d of February 1819, between the United States of America and Spain, his catholic majesty cedes co the United States, in full property

JANUARY TERM 1834.
" [United States v. Clarke.]
and sovereignty, all the territories which belong to him situated on the eastward of the Mississippi, known by the name of East and West Florida.
This article undoubtedly transfers to the United States, all the political power which our government could acquire, and all the royal domain held by the crown of Spain; but has never been supposed, so far as is now understood, to operate on the property of individuals. This court has uniformly expressed the opinion that'it does not.
The eighth article Was not intended to enlarge the cession. Its principal object is to secure certain rights existing at the time, but not complete. It stipulates that all the grants of land (in Spanish "concessions of land") made before the 24th of January 1818, by his catholic majesty, or by his lawful authorities in the said territories, ceded by his majesty to the United States, shall- be ratified and confirmed (in Spanish, shall remain ratified and confirmed) to the persons in possession of the lands (in the Spanish, in possession of them, that is, of the concessions) in the same extent that the same grants (in Spanish, they) would be valid, if the territories had remained under the dominion of his catholic majesty.
It may be worth observing, that the language of the article is not "all grants made by his catholic majesty, or by his lawful authority," which might perhaps involve an inquiry into the precise authority or instructions given by the crown to the person making the grant, and might impose on the claimant the necessity of showing that authority in each case, but "by his catholic majesty, or his lawful authorities in the said territories ceded by his majesty to the United States." That is, by those persons who exercised the granting power by authority of the crown. This is the generally received meaning of the words. They are equivalent to the words, competent
authorities, used in their place by the king of Spain in his ratification of the treaty.
It may be also not entirely unworthy of remark, that this article expressly recognises the existence of those "lawful authorities" in the ceded territories.
It is not unreasonable to suppose that his catholic majesty might be unwilling to expose the acts of his public and confidential officers, and the titles of his subjects acquired under
VOL. VII,-3 G

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Clarke.]
those acts, to that strict and jealous scrutiny which a foreign government, interested against their validity, would apply to them, if his private instructions or- particular authority were to be required in every case, and that he might, therefore, stipulate for that full evidence to the instrument itself which is usually allowed to instruments issued by the proper officer. The subject matter of the article, therefore, furnishes no reason for construing its words in a more restricted sense than that in which they are uniformly used and understood. In that sense, they mean persons authorised by the crown to grant lands.
The subsequent part of the sentence may, in some degree, qualify their meaning. The added words are, "to the same extent that the samf, grant (they),would be valid, if the territories had remained under the dominion of his catholic majesty."
If this part of the sentence was intended as a limitation of the general provision which precedes it, the subject matter of the article may serve in some measure to explain it.
The general word ' grant" may coiiprehend both the incipient and the complete title. The greater number of those in Florida appear to have been of the first description. Many of these contained conditions, on the. performance of which the right to demand a complete title depended. Without this qualification, the article might have been understood to make these conditional concessions absolute. Therefore, they are declared to "be ratified and confirmed," to the same extent that the same grants (they) would be valid if the territories had remained under the dominion of his catholic majesty." The parties add, (continuing the idea) "but the owners in possession of such lands (the proprietors) who, by reason of the recent circumstances of the Spanish nation, and the revolutions in Europe, have been prevented from fulfilling all the conditions of their grants (concessions) shall complete them within the terms limited in the same respectively from the date of this treaty; in default of which, the said grants (they) shall be null and void."
But wh6ther the intention of that part of the article which declares the extent to which the titles it contemplates shall be valid, is limited to the conditions inserted in them, or qualilies the general preceding words, it cannot vary the sense of

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[United States v. Clarke.]
the term "lawful authorities," nor warrant the construction that a title derived from "a lawful authority" creates no presumption of right, and leaves the holder under the.necessity
of proving every circumstance which would be required to support it, had it proceeded from a person not holding an office on which the power of granting lands had been conferred.
These titles are to be valid to the same extent as if the territories had not been ceded. What is that extent! A grant made by a governor, if authorized to grant lands in his province, is prima facie evidence that his power is not exceeded. The connection between the crown and the governor, justifies the presumption that he acts according to his orders. Should he disobey them, his hopes are blasted, and he exposes himself to punishment. His orders are known to himself and to those from whom they proceed, but may not be known to the
world. Such a grant, under a general power, would be considered
as valid, even if the power to disavow it existed, until actually disavowed. It can scarcely be doubted, so far as we may reason on general principles, that in a Spanish tribunal, a grant having all the forms and sanctions required by law, not actually annulled by superior authority, would be received as evidence of title.
We proceed then to inquire into the power of the governor of East Florida.
It will not be material to ascertain the rules by which lands were granted to the first settlers of America, or the officers from whom titles emanated. So early as the year 1735, an ordinance was passed by which the king reserved to himself the right of completing the titles given by his provincial officers.
The inconvenience resulting from this regulation was so seriously felt, that the ordinance was repealed in 1754, and the-whole power of confirming, as well as originating titles, was transferred to officers in the colonies. The power of appointing sUb-delegate judges, to sell and compromise for the lands and uncultivated parts of the dominions of the Spanish crown in the Indies, was declared to belong to the viceroys and presidents of the 'royal audiences of those kingdoms; and

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Clarke.]
the same royal order directed that "in the distant provinces of
the audiencias, or where sea intervenes, as Caraccas, Havana, Carthagema Buenos Ayres, Panama, Yucatan, Cutnana, Mar'garita, Puerto Rico, and in others of like situation, con~firmations shall be issued by their governors, with the advice of the officiales reales (the king's fiscal ministers) and of the lieutenant general, hateado, where he may be stationed.
In 1768, this power of granting and confirming titles to lands was vested in the intendants.
In 1774, it was revested in the civil and military governors (see White's Compilation 218). In October 1798, this power was again conferred on the intendant, so fir as respected Louisiana and West Florida; but this order did not extend to East Florida. In that province it reihained in the governor.
Thi regulations of the governors O'Reilly and Gayoza, and the proceedirgs of the governors Quisata, Estrada, White, K-indelan and Coppinger, of East Florida, and all the grants which have been brought to the view of this court, together with the reports of the commissioners appointed to adjust land titles in the territories ceded by Spain, show, that from the year 1774, the power of granting lands was vested in the governors, both of Louisiana and the Floridas. The ordinance of 1798, wh'ch transferred it to the intendant of Louisiana and West Floiida, did not extend to East Florida: consequently it remained with the governor of that province.
This is admitted by the counsel for the United States. So far then as respects East Florida, the term "lawful authorities" designates the governor as certainly as if he had been expressly named in the eighth article of the treaty. He is the officer who was empowered by his sovereign to make grants of lands in that province, and in ceding the province to the United States, his sovereign has stipulated that grants made by him shall be as valid as if the province had remained under his dominion. It has been already stated that the acts of an officer, to whom a public duty is assigned by his king, within the sphere of that duty, are, prima facie, taken to be within his power. This point was fully considered and clearly stated by this court in the case of Arredondo, and the principles on which the opinion rests are believed to he too deeply founded in law

JANUARY TERM 1834
[United States v. Clarke.)
and reason ever to be successfully assailed. He who would cofitrovert a grant executed by the lawful authority, with all the solemnities required by law, takes upon himself the burden of showing that the officer has transcended the powers conferred upon him, or that the transaction is' tainted with fraud.
This the counsel for the United States undertakes to do. He insists that governor Coppinger has transcended his powers in making the title now under consideration for a larger quantityof land than he was empowered to grant, and on a consideration not warranted by law.
The object of' Spain, as of all the European powers who made settlements in America, was to derive strength and revenu from her colonies. To accomplish this, grants of lands to individuals became indispensable. History informs us that this measure was adopted by all. The immense territories held by Spain, affording an almost 'inexhaustible fund of lands claimed by the crown, could scarcely fail to pioduce large grants to favourites, as well as a regular system for inviting population into her colonies. The viceroys in New Spain and Peru, who were also governors, possessed almost unlimited powers on this and other subjects ; but in distant provinces, or where sea intervenes, the right of giving title to lands was vested in their' governors with the advice of the king's fiscal ministers and of the lieutenant general, where he may be staticned. No public restraint appears to have been imposed on the exercise of this power. The officer and his conduct were of course under the supervision and control of the king and his ministers, and especially of his council of the Indies.
In 1735, this power was wiihdrawn from the provincial officers, but was restored to them in 1754. ' Wh. Comp. 49. Clarke's Land Laws 973. The royal order of 15th October 1754 confers this power in general terms without. any limitation on the quantity or on the consideration which may move to the grant. It would excite surprise if, in a monarchy like that of Spain, no rewards in land could be granted for extra services, and nofavours could be bestowed. Amiong the earliest laws for the government of America (Wh. Comp. 30) is an order that the viceroys of Peru and Mexico ",grant such rewards, favours and compensation as to them may seem fit." A sub-

SUPREME COURT
[United Statesv. Clarke.]
sequent order (Wh. Comp. 41), after directing extensive dispositions of territory,. adds, "all the remaining land may be reserved to us, clear of any incumbrance, for the purpose of being given as rewards, or disposed of according to our pleasure." In White's Comp. 29, we find the following law : "it
is our pleasure that services be remunerated where they shall have been performed, and in no other place or province of the Indies."
It would seem that these remunerations, if in land, would be made by the governor, when empowered to grant them, provided no other officer was designated.
Two letters of the 3d of April 1800, from an officer authorized to grant lands, are published in Clarke's Land Laws 989, which would seem to countenance the opinion that they did not consider their powers as limited to small quantities, but that they might exercise discretion in this respect. They are written by the attorney-g&neral under Morales. The first, addressed to Don Henry Peyroux, is in these words: "I have to reply to your communication No. 9, that I cannot at this time consent to the sale of lands in the manner and under the circumstances requested ; and I have to make the same reply to that of the 6th of February last, No.'8, in which you ask for o0ne hundred thousand arpens."
The language of this letter is rather that of a man who has -exercised his discretion on a subject to which his power extends, than of one who might at once repel the application by referring to tle orders of his sovereign. The second letter is of th, same character.
A royal order was issued on the 4th of January 1813, which recites that the general Cortes have decreed- as follows "considering that the conversion of public lands into private property is one of the measures which the welfare of the people, as well as the advancement of agricult'ure and industry, most imperiously demands ; and desiring, at the same time, that. this class of lands should serve as an aid to the public necessities, a reward to the deserving defenders of the country, and a support to the.citizens who are not proprietors, the general and extraordinary Cortes do decree :
"All the uncultivated or public lands, and those of the corporation -f cities, with the timber thereon or without it, both

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[United States v. Clarke.]
in the peninsular and adjacent islands, as well as in the ultra marine provinces, except the commons necessary for the towns, shall be made private property."
"In whatever manner these lands be distributed, it shall be in full property."
This order was transmitted to the captain general of the Island of Cuba; but seems to have been repealed on the 22d of August 1814.
We do not find any limitation in the royal orders restricting the power of the governors to a league square in their grant.
The counsel for the United States searches for them in the regulations by colonial officers, prescribing the rules to be observed in the offices established for the purpose of carrying these orders into execution, and in special orders of the crown for specified objects.
The first to which reference has been made, were issued by Don Alexander O'Reilly, governor.of Louisiana. He recites, among other things, the complaints and petitions which had been presented to him by the inhabitants, together with the knowledge he had acquired of their local concerns, by a visit lately made to the Cote des Allemands, &c. and from an examinati6n made of the report of'the inhabitants assembled by his order in each district, states his conviction that the tranquillity of the inhabitants and the progress of culture required, which shall fix the extent of the grants of lands which shall hereafter be made, &c., and adds, "for these causes, and having nothing in view but the public good and the happiness of every inhabitant, after having advised with persons well informed in these matters, we have regulated all these objects in the following articles
" 1st. There shall be granted to each newly arrived family," &c.
This is most obviously the language of a man who supposes himself to possess full power over the subject. The rules he prescribes for himself, do not purport to be limits imposed by a master, but to be marked out by his own discretion, and to be alterable at will. He makes no allusion to orders emanating from his sovereign, marking out the narrow path he is bound to tread; but gives the law himself, in the character of a man invested with full powers.

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Clarke.]
The eighth article declares that, "no grant in the Opelousas, Atacapas, and Natchitochas, shall exceed one league in front by one league in depth ; but when the land granted shall not have that depth, a league, and a half in front by half a league in depth, may be granted."
Had the limitation on the quantity to be granted been five miles square instead of a league square, is there any thing in the information we possess, which would enable us to say that the one more than the other would be an excess of power.
The instructions of governor Gayoso are dated in Septem ber 1797, till which time it may be presumed that those of O'Reilly remained in force. - His instructions are for the government of the commandants of ports, who appear to have been entrusted with the power of making concessions. His regulations, so far as they varied those which pre-existed, constituted, it may be presumed, a new law for the commandants, but do not prove the existence of restrictions on his own power. Like those of- O'Reilly, they give every indication of proceeding from an officer possessing general- and very extensive powers.
The same observation applies to the regulations of Morales, who was intendant of Louisiana and West Florida. They are dated in July 1799, soon after receiving the order of the king of October 1798, which directed "that the intendancy of these provinces be put in possession of the privilege to divide and grant all kind of land belonging to his crown; whichright, after his order of the 24th of August 1770, belonged to the civil and military.government: Wishing to perform this important charge, &c.
"After having examined, with the greatest attention, the regulation made by his exgellency, count O'Reilly, the 18th of February 1770, as well as that circulated by his excellency the present governor, Don Manuel Gayoso de Lernos, the 1st of January 1798, and with the counsel which has been given me on this subject by Don Manuel Senaro, assessor of the intendency, and other persons of skill in these matters, that all persons who wish to obtain lands, may know in what manner they ought to ask for them, and on what condition land can be granted and sold, &c., I have resolved that the following regulations shall be observed."

JAN )ARY TERM 1834.
[United States v. Clarke.]
He then proceeds to regulate, with great exactness, the course to be observed by those who seek to obtain concessions, the conditions on which they shall be granted, and the conduct to be observed before a complete title will be made. These regulations do not measure his power, but give the law to those who are to execute his orders.
These are the proceedings of the officers who were entrusted with the power to divide and grant the ci'own lands in Lousiana and West Florida. It is not to be presumed that different powers were conferred on the officers to whom the same duties were confided in East Florida.
Internal regulations of police were issued 'by governor Quesada on the 2d of September 1790. They commence with saying, "Whereas I am commanded by royal orders, agreeable to the public wants, to apply the most reasonable and quick remedies thereto : for the purpose, therefore, of accomplishing this, in the edict commonly called ' internal regulations of police,' I have taken the most conducive steps, notwithstanding, much to my sorrow, there has been so much to amend and establish, that a voluminous code would scarcely be sufficient for me to comprise all, in proportion to the ardent desire which animates me for the prosperity of the province and the service of the sovereign ; wherefore, merely for the present, and reserving hereafter, when permitted by my other duties, the right of attending particularly to this important subject, I therefore make known and order the following:
" 1st. 1 grant to all the inhabitants permanently settled, and subjects of his majesty, in his royal name, for their use, the quantity of land they may require, in proportion to their force, in any part of the desert province, without any exception. To this end, those desirous of obtaining the same, will present themselves to me, within twenty days, stating their circumstances, bymemorial ; what lands they have obtained to the present period, and to what quantity, and in what place they are desirous of locating then now :under the precise condition that it will be without injury to a third person, I will attend to their solicitude according to the examination I may make thereoJ; and although the laws of the Indies authorise me to make no absolute distribution of the same, and being in the case of tit. 12th, book 4th, I abstain, therefrom, from powerful motives.
VOL. 'VIII.-3 H

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Clarke.]
But for the greatcr security of those interested, I will forward my ideas and representation on the subject to the king, persuaded that, in consequence thereof, those obtaining grants from me now will be confirmed in the possession of the same."
The law of the Indies to which the governor refers, is inserted in Clarke's Land Laws, p. 967, and is in these words: "That our subjects may apply themselves to the exploration and settlement of the Indies, and that they may live with comfort and convenience, which we- desire, it is therefore our will, that houses, grounds, lands, cavallerias and peonias, be granted to all those who-shall settle new lands, in the villages and places that the governor of the new settlement shall mark out for them. There shall be a distinction made between gentlemen and labourers (peones), and those who shall be of less grade and merit; and in proportion to their services, the lands shall be increased and ameliorated for prosecuting agriculture, and the tending of cattle."
It is not easy to comprehend precisely the influence whion this law ought to have on the governors of the Spanish colonies. It was undoubtedly the same in them all.
We collect from the extracts from the lawsof the Indieswhichare given us in Clarke's Land Laws, and White's Compilation, that they apply chiefly to the general purposes of population and settlement. For the attainment of these objects, general rules were framed, which contained affirmative instructions to the officers, to be observed in the formation of new settlements, in donations to emigrants, and in the sale and distiribution of crown lands. How far a discretion in the execution of these laws, or whether any discretion, was placed in those distant officers to whom they were directed, we have not the means of ascertaining. So far as weare informed, they contain no negative or prohibitory words, and the regular reports of governors
must have kept their superiors informed of their proceedings. Mr White says, p. 9, " I sought assiduously, but have been unable to discover a record or notice of the proceedings upon some grant or concession which had been made by a captain general, intendant or governor, and disapproved of by the king. I have been unable to ascertain whether any such exist."
The regulations of governor Quesada, vhich have been cited, and in which he appears to have deviated,1 -in some

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[United States v. Clarke.]
respects, from the law to which he refers, apply to the general
objects of cultivation, population and settlement, and ought to conform to the laws which had been framed for those subjects. Ie seems to grant a general privilege to every individual to acquire lands at will. He retains to himself no discretion, exercises no judgment in the case. " I grant," he says, "to all the inhabitants permanently settled, and subjects of his majesty, in his royal name, for their use, the quavitity of land they may require in proportion to their force, in any part of the desert province, without exception." Yet he ia persuaded that thesegrants will be confirmed.
These extraordinary regulations were in th exercise of that ordinary power to which general laws had been adapted. The right to bestow rewards on those individuals who had rendered any particular service, constituted a distinct branch of power, to which those general laws could not apply. White's Compilation abounds with extracts showing the disposition of the
king, that they should be given liberally.
Governor White succeeded governor Quesada. In conformity with usage, he proclaimed, in October 1803, the rules by which it was his purpoge to be governed in the concessions and divisions of lands to the new settlers. He adopts a more rigid practice than hhd been observed by his predecessors ; but these rules appear to emanate from his own judgment, and to be intended to apply only to new settlers, who come to establish
themselves in the province.
Don Nicholas Ganido, the agent of the duke of Allegon, to whom all or nearly all the uncultivated land of East Florida, had been granted by the king, addressed a letter to the governor, in February 1819, soliciting official information respecting the validity of titles which had emanated from him or his predecessors. It is not supposed that this letter, or the answer to it, can be received as authority ; but when it is considered, that the duke of Allegon believed himself to be the lawful proprietor of all the lands not regularly vested in others, and was of course anxious to defeat the titles of others ; and that the questions were asked by, and addressed to those who were best acquainted with the authority of the governor, and the principles on which he acted, we may, on a subject on which so little light can be shed, look at the letter, and the answer to it.

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Clarke.]
Seventh. "In what manner are those concessions considered, which were made to foreigners or natives, of large portions of land, who have disappeared, carrying with them their documents, without having cultivated or even seen the lands granted to them ?"
Eighth. " Can those persons, to whom assignments of large portions of territory have been made for the establishment of factories, such as water or steam mills, who did not then comply, nor have not since presented themselves to establish their machinery (allowing that none exists.in the province which is known), be considered now, or in future, with any right? If, in a space of time, such as has elapsed until now, they have not established their works, will there be any reason why said lands should not be declared open, and revert to the class of public lands ?"
These questions are asked by the agent of the duke of Allegon, a favourite of the king. They relate exclusively to those large grants which are now said to have exceeded the power of the governor. They were of course known to the duke of Allegon, and, we must presume, to his master. Yet an excess of authority is not even suggested.' No doubt seems to be entertained of the -validity of those which had been completed by the grant of a full title, or of those still incomplete, the conditions of which have been performed. The inquiry respects those persons only, who had totally neglected the conditions contained in their grants. Their titles alone seem to be doubted even by the duke of Allegon.
This letter appears to have been referred by the governor to Ruperto Saavedra, who answers all the inquiries made by Ganido. He says, "those who have titles of proprietorship, who have complied with the conditions pointed out to entitle them to them, or have obtained them as a remuneration for services, or other considerations deemed by the government' sufficient for the purpose ; n these cases there is a precise obligation to respect said titles, especialiy as the said conditions have been established at the will of the governors, and that the royal order of 1790, on the subject, impairs none, but expressly states, that lands shall be granted and surveyed gratis, to those foreigners who, of their own free will, present themselves to swear allegiance."

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[United States v. Clarke.]
After observing that the donation to the duke of Allegon, is limited " to uncultivated lands which have not been granted," Saavedra says ; " yet it is proper to explain, in this particular, that the concessions made to foreigners or natives, of large or small portions of land, carrying their documents with them (which shall be certificates issued by the secretary), without having cultivated or even seen the lands granted io them, such concessions are of no value or effet, and should be considered as not made, because the abandonment has been voluntary, and that they have failed in complying with the conditions prescribed for the encouragement of population. The assignments of extensive portions of territory, which have been made for the establishment of factories, to persons who did not then comply, nor have not since presented themselves to establish their mechanical works, ought also to be considered without any right or value, and said lands declared perfectly free, that they may revert into the class of public lands," &c.'
This opinion was laid before governor Coppinger, and approved by him. It recognises the right to grant as " a remuneration for services, or other considervtions deemed by the government sufficient for the purpose ;" and speaks of concessions to foreigners or natives, for large or small portions of land as equally valid. The right they give to a complete title, depends on the conduct of the proprietor, on his compliance or non compliance with the conditions, not on the -uantity conceded. The same principle applies "to assignments of extensive portions of territory, which had been made for the establishment of factories" which have not been erected. The extensiveness of the territory assigned, is not made an objection; but the failure to perform the condition on which the concession was made.
It is apparent, that both the agent of the duke, and Saavedra, considered these large concessions as within the power of the
governor. The counsel for the United States relies confidently on the
letter of governor Kindelan, of the 4th of June 1803, addressed to the captain general of Cuba, in whi6h h6 recommends the militia who had served during the late insurrection and third battalion of Cuba, as worthy the gifts to which the supreme governor may think -them entitled. He suggests granting "to

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Clarke.]
the soldiers a certain quantity of land, as established by regulations in this province, agreeably to the number of persons in each family."
On the part of the United States it is insisted, that this application could not have been made, had the governor been authorized by the existing laws to reward their services still more liberally.
The argument has undoubtedly great weight, but we do not think it conclusive.
Grants to a whole class of individuals, a distribution of lands among the body of the colonial militia, and a battalion of a different province, might be expected to belong rather to the general system of distribution than to that branch of itwhich authorizes rewards to individuals forlparticular special services, and might be expected to proceed directly from the crown, or to have its express sanction.
If not all the extracts from the laws of the Indies, at least by far the greater part of them, which we find in White's Compilation, relating to rewards, contemplate services peculiar to the individual, not those which are of a general character. We do not think, therefore, that an application to superior authority for a distribution of lands among the militia who have served during a period of dangerous insurrection, is necessarily to be be ascribed to the consciousness of wanting power to give a reward in lands to an individual whose invention is deemed meritorious.
The favour of granting rewards is expressed in terms indicating the expectation that it is to be exercised by those governors who are also viceroys; but there are no prohibitory words, and the general power of granting lands, extended to the governors of distant provinces, or where sea intervenes, may comprehend granting as a reward for individual merit. The facts that this power was exercised certainly as early as 1813, by the governor or East Florida, that the condition of the province and the exhausted state of the kingdom seemed to require and justify it, and that the king never disapproved-the proceedings of the governor, existed when the treaty was formed. Such was the state of things to which the treaty applied.
It is stated that the practice of making large concessions

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[United States v. Clarke.]
commenced with the intention of ceding the Floridas, and these grants have been treated as frauds on the United States.
The increased motives for making them have been stated in argument, and their influence cannot be denied. But admitting the charge to be well founded, admitting that the Spanish government was more liberal in its concessions after contemplating the cession than before, ought this circumstance to affect bona fide titles to which the United States made no objection.
While Florida remained a province of Spain, the right of his catholic majesty, acting in person or by his officers, to distribute lands according to his pleasure, was unquestioned. That he was in the constant exercise of this power, was well known. If the United States were nor content to receive the territory, charged with titles thus created, they ought to have made, and they would have made, such exceptions as they deemed necessary. They have made these exceptions. They have stipulated that all grants made since the 24th of January 1818, shall be null and void.
It'is understood that this stipulation was intended to embrace three large grants made by the king, which comprehended nearly all thp crown l'ands in East Florida., However this may be, it shows that the subject was in the mind of the negotiators, and that the apprehended mischief was guarded against so far as the parties could agree. The American government was content with the security which this stipulation afforded, and cannot now demand farther and additional grounds. The acquisition of the Floridas was an object of immense importance to the United States. It was urged by other considerations of a still more powerful operation, in addition to vacant lands. It will be regarded, while our union lasts, as the highest praise of the administration which made it, and of the negotiator who accomplished it. It cannot be doubted that the terms were highly advantageous, and that they were so considered by all. The United States were satisfied, and had reason to be satisfied, with the provision excluding grants made subsequent to the 24th of January 1818, when the fraud or, that provision was prevented by the terms of the ratification of the treaty. All other concessions made by his catholic majesty, or his lawful authorities in the ceded territo-

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Clarks.]
ries (in the ratification by the king of Spain, "competent authorities"), are as valid as if the cession had not been made. If it be shown by the person holding the concession, that it was made by the officer authorised to grant lands, that it was the duty of this officer to give a regular accountof his official transactions, that no grant ever made by the person thus entrusted, had ever been disapproved ; courts ought to require very full proof that he had transcended his powers, before they so determine. We do not think this full proof has been given in the present case.
The considerations then recited in the grant, in addition to the royal order of October 1790, are, we think, sufficient to maintain it.
It will be proper to take a concise review of the legislation of congress on this subject.
The first act, passed on the 8th of May 1822, entitled "an act for ascertaining claims and titles to land within the territory of Florida," (L. U. S. vol. 7, p. 103) directs that commissioners be appointed "for the purpose of ascertaining the claims and titles to lands within the territory of Florida, as acquired by the treaty of the 22d of February 1819," The sixth section enacts, "that every person, or the heirs or representatives of such persons, claiming titles to lands under any patent, grant, concession or order of survey, dated previous to the 24th day of January 1818, which were valid under the Spanish government or by the law of nations, and which are not rejected by the treaty ceding the territory of East and West Florida to the United States, shall file before the commissioners his, her or their claim, setting forth particularly its situation and boundaries, if to be ascertained, with the deraignment of title when they are not the grantees or original claimants," &c. "And said commissioners shall proceed to examine and determine on the validity of said patents, grants, concessions and orders of survey, agreeably to the laws and ordinances heretofore existing, of the governments making the grants respectively, having due regard, in all Spanish claims, to the conditions and stipulations contained in the eighth article of a treaty concluded at Washington, between his catholic majesty and the United States, on the 22d of February 1819; but any claim not filed previous to the 31st day of May 1823, shall be deemed and

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[United States-v. Clarke.]
held to be void and of none effect."- They were directed to examine all these claims; and, if satisfied that-they were correct and valid, to confirm them ; "provided that they shall not have power to confirm any claim, or part thereof, where the amount claimed is undefined in quantity, or shall exceed one thousand acres; but in all such. cases shall report the testimony, with their opinions, to the secretary of the treasury, to
be laid before congress for their determination." The object of this law cannot be doubted. It was to sepa-
rate private property frorih the public domain, for the double purpose of doing justice to individuals, and enabling congress safely to sell the vacant lands in their newly acquired territories. To accomplish this object, it was necessary that all claims, of every description, should be brought before the commissioners, and that their powers of inquiry should extend to all. Not only has this been done, but, further to stimulate the claimants, the act declares "that any claim not filed previous to the 31st of May 1823, shall be deemed and held to be void and of none effect." This primary intention of congress is best promoted by determining causes finally, where their substantial merits can be discerned.
The subsequent acts of congress, respecting the board of commissioners, have no materia-influence on the question before the court.
On the 23d of May 1828, congress passed "an act supplementary to the several acts providing for the settlement and confirmation of private land claims in Florida."
This act confirms all claims contained in-the reports of the commissioners of East Florida, and in the reports of the receiver and register acting as such, "to the extent of the quantity contained in one league square," and continues the powers of the register and receiver, till the first Monday in the follow-
ing December. The sixth section enacts, '1 that all claims to land within the
territory of Florida, embraced by the treaty between Spain and the United States, of the 22d of February 1819, which shall not be decided and finally settled -under the foregoing provisions of this act, containing a greater quantity of land than the commissioners were authorised to decide; and above the amount confirmed by this act, and which have not been re-
VOL. viii.-3 i

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Clarke.]
ported as antedated or forged, by said commissioners, or register and receiver acting as such, shall be received and adjudicated by the judge of the superior court of the district in which the land lies, upon the petition of the claimant," &c.
The report of the register and receiver being made, congress, on the 26th of May 1830, passed "an act for the final settlement of land claims in Florida."
This act, after confirming the claims it recites, declares that all the remaining claims which have been presented according to law, and not finally acted upon, shall be adjudicated and finally settled upon the same conditions, restrictions and limitations in every respect, as are prescribed by the act of congress, approved the 23d of May 1828, entitled "an act supplementary to the -several acts for the settlement and confirmation of private land clairrs in Florida."
That act refers to the act approved May the 26th 1824, entitled "an act enabling the claimants to land within the limits of the state of Missouri, and territory of Arkansas, to institute proceedings to try the validity of their claims."
This last recited act provides for the trial of claims "protected or secured" by the treaty whicb ceded Louisiana to the United States. After describing those claims in terms supposed to comprehend them all, the act proceeds, "in each and every such case, it shall and may be lawful for stich person or persons, or their legal representatives, to present a petition to the district court of the state of Missouri, setting forth fully, plainly and substantially, the nature of his, her or their claim to the lands, tenements or hereditaments, and particularly stating the date of the grant, concession, warra.t or order of survey under which they claim, the name or names of any person or persons claiming the same, or any part thereof, by a different title from that of the petitioner, or holding possession of any part thereof, otherwise than by the leave or permission
of the petitioner; and also, if the United States be interested, on account of the lands within the limits of such claim, not claimed by any other person than the petitioner; also the quantity claimed, and thd boundaries thereof, when the same may have been designated by boundaries; by whom issued, and whether the said claim has been submitted to the examination of either of the tribunals which have been constituted

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[United States v. Clarko]
by law for the adjustment of land titles, in the present limits of the state of Missouri, and by them reported on unfavourably, or recommended for confirmation."
It'has been already stated, that this act does not define the jurisdiction conferred on the court of East Florida by the act of 1830, but directs the mode of proceeding and the rules of decision. Consequently those technical averments which are required in the pleadings to show the jurisdiction of a court of
limited jurisdiction are not indispensable, and it will be sufficient if the petition state a case substantially within the law. The court is satisfied that the petition of George J. F. Clarke is in this respect unexceptionable. It complies, we think, 'with all the requisites of the law.
The grant which constitutes the foundation of the petitioner's claim, is a complete title, subject to no condition whatever, emanating from the governor of East Florida, who was the lawful authority of his catholic majesty, for mking grants and concessions of land, in that province. The decree of the district court, so far as it affirms the validity of this grant, is, we think, correct. But it appears to us to confirm the title of the petitioner to lands not comprehended within it.
In his original application to governor Coppinger, the petitioner describes with precision the land he solicits. The decree conforms to the petition, and the full title to both. That instrument, after stating the prayer of Clarke, adds, "and having pointed out a competent tract on the west side of St John's river, above Black creek, at a place called White Spring; that is vacant, &c., therefore I have resolved to grant, as in the name of his majesty I do grant, to the said George Clarke, the aforementioned five miles square of lad, for himself, his heirs and successors, in absolute property, and I do issue, by these presents, a competent title, whereby I separate the royal domain from the right and dominion it had to said lands," &c.
Afterwards, on the 25th of January 1819, he again presented a petition to the governor, 4ating, that having examined the lands in the neighbourhood of White Spring, he finds that their extension back, is in no wise adequate to the expectation and intentions he had formed, nor the purposes for which they were granted to him, by the government ; and furthermore,

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Clarke.]
he fears that they will interfere with the lands appertaining to the house of John Forbes & Co., therefore he prays "' that the survey made in pursuance of an order granted by the governor, should be verified, with this only difference, that the depth back will be contracted to about One and a half miles, and that the said surveyor will survey the balance in the hammocks called langs and cones, situated on the south of Mizzel's lake, which are v acant."
The prayer of the petitioner was granted, and the surveys were made. The plats were laid before the district court, and show'that one, containing eight thousand acies, was surveyed within the bounds of the grant. Two others, on6-for five, and the other for three thousand acres, were surveyed elsewhere. The judge confirmed the title of the petitioner to the three surveys.
The grant conveyed to Clarke the land d(scribed in the instrument, and no other. A permit to survey other lands, can be considered only as a new order of survey, depending for its validity on the power of the person who made it. On the 25th of January 1819, governor Coppinger did not possess this power. The treaty of February 1819, had declared that all grants (concessions) made after the 24th of January. 1818, should be null and void. The acts of congress forbid the allowance of any order of survey made 'after that date. So much of the decree as sanctions these two surveys of five and three thousand acres, is in our opinion, erroneous.
But-we do not think these irregular surveys affect the title under the original grant, unless the lands have been acquired by others. The vacant lands within its bounds, still belong to the appellee, and may now be surveyed by him.
It is the opinion of this court, that there is no error in so much of the decree of the superior court for the district of East Florida, pronounced in this case in May term 1882, as doth order, adjudge and decree that this claim is valid, and as confirms the same unto the claimant, to the extent, and agreeably to the boundaries as in the grant for the said lands; and in the plat of survey thereof, made by Don Andrew Burgevin, of eight thousand acres, and dated the 24th of February 1817, and that so much of the said decree ought to be affirmed, and it is hereby affirmed accordingly. But that so much of

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[United States v. Clarke.]
the said decree as confirms to the claimant the lands contained in two other surveys thereof, made by the said Don Andrew Burgevin; one for five thousand acres, on the 10th of March 1819, and the other for three thousand acres, on the 12th of the same month ; is erroneous and ought to be reversed, and the same is hereby reversed acc9rdingly; and the cause is hereby remanded to the said district court, with directions to take farther proceedings therein, in such manner that the residue of the said granted land be surveyed to the said petitioner, within the limits of the grant. All which is ordered and adjudged by this court.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the superior court for the eastern district of Florida, and was argued by counsel ; on consideration whereof, this court is of opinion, that there is no error in so much of the decree of the said court, pronounced in May term 1832, as doth adjudge and decree that the claim of the petitioner in that court is valid,.and in so much thereof as confirms the. same unto the claL.iant, to the extent and agreeably to-the boundaries as in the grant for the said lands, and in the plat of survey thereof, made by Don Ap.drew Burgevil, of eight thousand acres, and dated the.24th of February 1819, filed in this cause, and that so much of the said decree ought to be affirmed, and it Nshereby affirmed accordingly. But that so much of the said decree as confirms to the claimants the lands contained in two other surveys thereof, made by the said Don Andrew Burgevin, filed also in this cause, one for five thousand acres on the 10th of March 1819, and the other for thre thousand acres on the 12th of the same month, is erroneous, and ought to be reversed, and the same is hereby reversed accordingly ; and this court doth remand the said cause to the said superior court, with directions to conform to this decree, and to take such further proceedings in the premises, that the remaining eight thousand acres, which have been improperly surveyed without authority, be surveyed on any lands now vacant within the limits of the grant made to the petitioner on the 6th of April 1816, and that the title of the petitioner to the land so surveyed be confirmed. All which is ordered, ad'judged and decreed by this court.

SUPREME COURT
SYDNEY GREGG, By N. B. CRAIG HER COMMITTEE, PLAINTIFF
IN ERROR V. THE LESSEE OF GABRIEL SAYRE AND WIFE.
The eighth section of the statute of limitations of Pennsylvania fixes the limitation of twenty-one years as taking away the right of entry on lands: and the ninth section 'provides, that if any person or persons, having such right or title, he or shall be, at the time such right or title first descended or aceued, within the age of twenty-one years,' femes covert, &c., then such Person or persons, and the heir or heirs of such person or persons shall and may, notwithstanding the said twenty-one years be expired, bring his or their action, or make his or their entry, &c., within ten years after attaining full age, &c. The defendant in error was born in 1791, and was twenty-one years of age in 1812. An interest in the property, for which this ejectment was brought, descended to her in 17P9. The title of the plaintiff in error commenced on the 13th April 1805, under deeds adverse to the title of the defendant in error, and all others holding possession of the property under the same. On the 13th April 1826, twenty-one years prescribed by the statute of limitations for a right of entry against her possession, expired ; and the bar was complete at that time, as more than ten years had run from the time the defendant in error became of full age. This suit was not commenced until May 1830. Phis court have frequently remonstrated against the practice of spreading the charge of the judge at length upon the record, instead of the points excepted to, as productive of no, good, but much inconvenience. ,t is an admitted prinsiple, that a court of law has concurrent jurisdiction with a court of chancery, in cases of fraud, But when matters alleged to be fraudulent are investigated in a court of law, it is the province of a jury tp find the facts, and determine their character.
Fraud, it is said, will never be presumed, though it may be proved by circum stances. Now, where an act does not necessarily import fraud ; where it has more likely been done through a good than a bad motive, fraud should never be'presumed.
Even if the grantor in deeds be justly chargeable with fraud, but the grantees did not participate in it; and when they xeceived their 1 d,.s had no knowledge of it, but accepted tne same in good faith, the deeds upon their face purporung to convey a title in fee, and showing the nature and extent of the premises: there can be no doubt tne deeds do give colour- of title under thestatute of limitations.
ERROR to the district court of the United States, for the western district of Pennsylvania.
This case was stbmitted to the court upon printed argu-

JANUARY TERM' 1834.
(Gregg v. The Lessee o! Sayre and Wife.]
ments, byMr Watts for the plaintiff in erior, and Mr Fetter'n n for the defendants.
The case is fully stated in the opinion of the court. As the decision of the court was upon the application of the statute of -limitations of Pennsylvania only; the arguments of the counsel, upon other points presented to the court, are omitted. Upon the effect of the statute of limitations on the case: the counsel for the plaintiffs in error contended, that the defendant having shown an actual, adverse, notorious and continuous possession of the lanl in controversy, from the year 1799, until after the institution of this ejectment; and having also exhibited deeds of conveyance for the same, dated the 24th of November 1804, and the 13th of April 1805, from John Ormsby to Isaac Gregg and Sidney his wife : the court erred in their charge to the jury, that the defendant was not protected by the statute of limitations.
Mr Justice M'LAN delivered the opinion of the Court. An action of ejectment was originally commenced, between the above parties in the district court, which possesses. circuit court powers, for the western district of Pennsylvania, and a judgment was obtained by Sayre and wife, to recover possession of certain lots of land within the original manor of Pittsburgh. To reverse this judgment, a writ of error was prosecuted, which brings the case before this court. On the trial in the district court, a bill of exceptions was., taken, out of which arise certain points that are now to be considered and decided. The bill of exceptions reads in part, as follows. "And the' counsel for the plaititiffs, to maintain and prove the issue, gave in evidence, among other matters, a deed from John Penn, Jun. and John Penn to Nathaniel Bedford, dated the 31st day of May 1786, for sixty-two acres of land on the Monongahela river, in the fnanor of Pittsburgh, being acknowledged on the 1st day of June 1786, in the city of Philadelphia, and duly recorded, &c.; also an assignment, indorsed upon said deed, of all the right, title, claim and interest of the said Nathaiiiel Bedford to the premises, to Mrs Jane Ormsby, dated the 1st day of June 1786, and duly acknowledged, &c.; also a certificate of the recorder of the county of Washington, dated the 15th of October 1831, that there is

SUPREME COURT.
[Gregg v.The Lessee of Sayre and Wife.]
no record of the transfer of the title to the premises aforesaid, by said N. Bedford to Mrs Jane Ormsby, in the office of Wash ingron county. It was then admitted, by the attorneys for the parties, that the children of John and Jane Ormsby were: Mrs Bedford, who died on the 8th of July 1790, without issue; John Ormsby, Jun., who died in August 1795; Joseph B. Ormsby, who died on the 20th of December 1803; Oliver Ormsby, who'did in the year 1832; and the present defendant, Mrs Sidney Gfegg, who is the only survivor, and under the providence of God a lunatic.
It was further admitted, that Mrs Jane Ormsby, the wife of John Ormsby, died intestate, on the 13th day of June 1799, and that her husband, John Ormsby, died on the 19th day of December 1805."
The possession of Mrs Gregg, of the tA renty-five acres, and of the eight acres and one hundred and twenty-two perches, the upper part of the sixty-two acre tract, was then admitted by the counsel for the defendants.
The plaintiffs further offered in evidence, a petition to the orphan's court of the county of Allegheny, signed by 0. Ormsby and N. B. Craig, the committee of Mrs Sidney Gregg, and filed in November term 1828.
Among other evidenace, the counsel for the defendants proved, by the testimony of John Hutchinson, that. he had known the family of Mr Ormsby for forty years, and lived as a tenant under the old gentleman and his son O!iver Ormsby, about thirty-five years, and sometimes in their families, before old John Ormsby's death. Isaac Gregg, his son-in-law, as early as 1799, employed hands toclear out the piece of property where the ferry house now stands; the part next the hill being cleared, and the part next the river being in woods. That the said Gregg employed his brother and himself, who cut off the timber into cord wood; that Mr Gregg was cautious i. showing them the lines marked by a post on the bank, and a butterwood tree blazed, four or five rods above the ran that fatlls into the river, that we should not cut the timber below it, as the land belonged to Mr Ormsby; that in the year 1800, Mr G:egg employed them to go up the hill, and to cut timber to build a house and four fences; and in the autumn

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Gregg v..The'Lessoe.of Sayre and Wife.)
of 1800, the house was put up by them, and that he paid them seventy-five or eighty dollars for doing it."
"Mr Gregg put Alexander Gibson as a tenant in the house, who occupied it that fall and the succeeding winter, and made an agreement with Mr Gregg, to rent it for several years, but afterwards abandoned iL"
"Samuel Emmet went into the house in the spring of 1801, and occupied it for a great number of years. George Kintzer was in it for many years after Emmet. Andrew Rearick was there ; and Young lived in it a year; George Bonners for six months; Jacob Drake for three years. These tenants were all put in by Isaac Gregg and his family. Witness also stated, that he recollected that Isaac Gregg got another lot adjoijliig the twenty-five acre lot, and between it and the bridge, about twenty-nine years ago. Mr Gregg was to allow John Tate, his tenant, out of the rent, for putting up a barn, and witness assisted him, &c. On, the twenty-five acre lot, there %vasthe ferry house, a.stable and a large shed: these improvements were all made by Mr Gregg. The fences were put round the upper lot in 1800; the lower lot was fenced long before. The fences, since that time, have been kept up, and the witness never understood, that any one; except Mr Gregg, had any claim to the lots. Witness refers to the two lots in controversy."
"James Ross, Esq. testified, anjong other-things, that he was acquainted with John Ormsby's family in 1782. In 1784, Colonel Woods, as the agent of the Penns, surveyed the sixty-two acres in controversy, and noted, in his draft, that the tract was platted for John Ormsby. After the reservation of this lot, from Mr Ormsby, the manor was subdivided. Mr Woods and Mr Brackenridge, who were the counsel for Mr Ormsby, recommended that the .deed should be taken out in the name of Mrs Ormsby; and- Doctor Bedford, her son-inlaw, proceeded to Philadelphia for that purpose, and brought back the title; the consideration money had, probably, been accumulated by Mrs Ormsby. Isaac Gregg was in possession of the property before the dates of the deeds to him. In 1802, Mr Gregg, had the ferry, and he and his tenants have held possession ever since.
"Other witnesses were examined, who corrobortted the facts

SUPREME COURT.
[Gregg v. The Lessee of Sayre and Wife.]
already stated. Defendants also produced, and read in evidence, two deeds; the first from John Ormsby-, Jun., to Isaac and Sidney Gregg, dated the 24th day of November 1804, which had been duly acknowledged and recorded, for twentyfive qcres of the land in dispute; and also a deed from the same to Sidney Gregg, dated the 13th of April 1805, for eight acres and one hundred and twenty-two perches. Several leases of the tenants of Isaac Gregg and his family were read, and proof was made of the payment of taxes on the lots. The defendants also read in evidence, the will of Joseph B. Ormsby, and reference was made to an action of partition, instituted by the plaintiffs 1.gainst the defendants, in which a judgment had been rendered in favour of defendants; to reverse which judgment, a writ of error was brought, and was still pending in the supreme court of Pennsylvania."
The plaintiffs' counsel then proved,'b~y the testimony of Samuel Pettigrew, Esq., that he was one of the viewers appointed by the orphan's court, under the petition of the 23d of December 1832, before referred to ; that the viewers went on the ground, and allotted a portion of the upper part of the tract to Mrs Gregg, and the lower part to Mrs Ormsby.
The counsel for the defendants then offered to prove, by the testimony of H. M. Watts, wiho was attorney for Mr Ormsby, hand presented the petition above referred to, that it was done at the instance of Mr Ormsby, for the purpose of establishing his title to the lower part of the tract ; that at the time said petition was signed, it was done reluctantly by Mr N. B. Craig, as the committee of Mrs Gregg, and understood that Mrs Gregg had heretofore claimed the portion of the tract she occupied in severalty, and that the said petition, and the decree of the court upon it, were not to affect her right. Which testimony, on being objected to, was overruled by the court.
The evidence being closed, the counsel for the defendants prayed the court to instruct the jury on the following points.
1. To entitle the plaintiffs to recover, on the ground that Mrs Sayre is a child and heir of John Ormsby, they must prove that there was an actual ma'rriage between him and her mother.
2. That the statute of limitations does apply to tenants in common ; and if the jury shall believe that the land in ques-

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Gregg v.'The Lessee of Sayre and Wife.]
tion belonged to Jane Ormsby, and descended to Mary Sayre and the other heirs, yet the statute of limitations would be a bar to plaintiffs' recovery, if there was an actual adverse and continuous possession in the defendant, and those under
whom she -claims, for twenty-one years. 3. Thatif the jury shall'believe the testimony of James Ross,
John Hutchinson and George Kintzer, the facts sworn to by them, establish that kind of actual continuous and adverse possession, acknowledged by the courts, as coming up to, and fully within the statute of limitations. Several other points were made in the special prayer for instructions, but it is not important, now, to advert to them.
The court instructed the jury in substance, that the deeds from John Ormsby to the defendants, dated in the years 1804 and 1805, and which purported to convey the fee simple, in consideration of natural love and affection, did not transfer the fee, as Ormsby only had a life estate in the piemises. "That the deed of the husband cannot pass his wife's lands, and no possession of the lands by the grantee, under the grant, can create a presumption of title, or become adverse to the true owner. An act or deed which is void, cannot be the foundation of an adverse possession, for it can give no colour of title; and a void title is not such a conveyance as that -a possession under it will be protected, under the statute of limitations. The conveyance of N. Bedford to Jane Ormsby, was indorsed on the deed from the Penns to N. Bedford ; and the conveyance by John Ormsby to Isaac and Sidney Gregg, recites the conveyance to Bedford. It must, therefore, be presumed, that John Ormsby had possession of the deed from the Penns to N. Bedford ; and that he at least was conusant of the title of the heirs of Jane Ormsby. The deeds to Isaac Gregg and to Sidney Gregg, set forth a conveyance from N. Bedfoid to John Ormsby ; uch a conveyance, however, was never made ; and while that is admitted, the recital is attempted to be justified on other grounds. It is clear, that the deed from N. Bedford to Jane Ormsby, was withheld from the record by John Ormsby; and there is evidence enough to infer that it was suppressed by him, for, being in possession of the deed, lie had power to direct it to be recorded. His omission to do so, his false recitai of a deed to himself from N. Bedford for the same land, and
VOL. Vu.-2 G

SUPREME COURT
EGregg v. The Lessee of Sayre and Wife.] his concealment of the existence of any conveyance to Jane Ormsby, leave no doubt of his intention to suppress that conveyance. Thi8 conduct was fraudulent on the part of John Ormsby; and it is not material, whether Isaac Gregg and Sidney Gregg were parties to it or not, since-no estate can be acquired by a fraudulent grant: covinous conveyance of land is as no conveyance, as against the interest intended to be defrauded. And it must follow, that no act or deed which is fraudulent, can be the foundation of an adverse possession; because, being absolutely void, and not merely voidable, it cannot afford colour of title, and without colour of title, there is nothing by which an adverse possession can be obtained; and for this reason. The statute of limitations does not extend to cases of fraud, and only bekins to run from the time the fraud becomes known to the person then having the title. That all purchasers, for a valuable consideration, are affected with constructive. notice of all that is apparent upon the face of the title deeds under which they claim.
"The rightof Sidney Gregg, as one of the heirs of John Ormsby, if any she has as such, to the actual possession of the land, accrued after the death of John Ormsby, Jun. She may have then entered as one of the heirs of Jane Ormsby; and since that time, to the time of bringing this suit, has held, as she alleges, adversely to her co-tenants in common, and relies upon the statute of limitations to protect her in her claim. A possession to prevent a recovery, or vest a right, under the statute of limitations, must, be actual, continued, adverse and exclusive : and it is a settled principle, that the doctrine of adverse possession is to be taken strictly, and not to be made out by inference, but by clear and positive proof. Every presumption is in favour of possession, in subordination to the title of the true owner ; and whenever an adverse possession is relied on, there should be some proof of an actual ouster. The possession of one tenant in common, is prima facie the possession of his companion ; and the possession of the one can never be considered as adverse to the title of the other, unless it be attended with circumstances demonstrative of an adverse intent. And if one tenant in common enters generally, without saying for whom, it will be implied, that he enters according to law; that is, for himself, and the other tenant or tenants. To re-

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Gregg v. The Lessee of Sayre and Wife.]
but this presumption of the .law,an actual ouster must be proved ; which, however, may be inferred from circumstances, of which the jury are to judge. They may presume an actual ouster, where one tenant in common enters on the whole, takes the profits and claims the whole exclusively, for twentyone years. Under such circumstances, his possession becomes adverse, and the act of limitations begins to rim. But a bare perception of profits by one tenant in common, is not an ouster of his co-tenant. The statute will not run where one holds as, tenant in common, during the minority of his co-tenant. That one tenant in common may oust his co-tenant, and hold in severalty, is not to be questioned. But a silent possession atcompanied with&no act which can amount to an ouster, or give notice to his co-tenant that iis possession is adverse, ought ijot to be construed into an adverse possession. What fact, constitute an ouster, and what adverse possession, must be determined by a jury. The party agaiJnst whom the adverse possession is claimed cannot be concluded by it, if he ldbour under any of the disabilities pointed out in the statute; or where his co-tenaant claiming adversely, has been guilty of' fraud, by concealing or suppressing the title.
"If Isaac Gregg entered upon the land adversely, fenced and occupied it exclusively, and that occupation has been uniuterruptedly continued for twenty-one years, it would be available as a bar, although Isaac Gregg may have entered as a trespasser; but the acceptance of the deeds from John Ormsby in 1804 and 1805, although these deds were'void as to the inheritance, must lead to the conclusion, that he held under John Ormsby, Sen. The petition to the orphan's court for a partition of the land, in December 1828, supports this view of the case, and both acts show a disaffirmance of the title by settlement and improvement, if any existed."
The residue of the charge affirms principles, some of which are not controverted, and it need not be noticed.
This court have frequently remonstrated against the practice of spreading the charge of the judge at length upon the record, instead of the points excepted to, as productive of no good, but much inconvenience.
The principal question in this case, and, indeed, the only one of much importance, arises inder the statlte of limiitations.

SUPREME COURT.
[Gregg v. The Lessee of Sayre and Wife.]
By this statute, an adverse possession of twenty-one years, under a claim of title, will bar a recovery, though the occupant have no title.
Possession of the lots in controversy was taken by the defendants, in the court below, and is still continued, but the court instructed the jury that the acceptance of the deeds by Gregg and wife, from John Ormsby, Sen., in the years 1804 and 1805, was an abandonment of their prior claim by occupancy, and that they must be considered as holding under those deeds.
If it were necessary to a decision of this controversy, the correctness of this instruction might well be questioned. Ormsby had a life estate in the property, and it is not seen how the grantees of this estate abandon their title in fee, or any other claim, beyond that of a life estate, which they might have to the premises. But, as the decision of the case must turn upon another point, it is not necessary to examine this one.
It is true, as stated in the charge, that the husband cannot convey his wife's land so as to bind the inheritance. That as he holds only an estate for life in such land, he can convey no greater interest. But were the circumstances under which the deeds of 1804-and J805, by John Ormsby to Gregg and wife, such as to make those deeds fraudulent, and wholly inoperative, under the statute of limitations ? And was it immaterial whether Gregg and wife participated in this fraud of Ormsby, or had any knowledge of it, as expressly charged by the court.
It is an admitted principle, that a court of law- has concurrent jurisdiction with a court of chancery, in cases of fraud. 3ut when matters alleged to be fraudulent are investigated in a court of law, it is the province of a jury to find the facts, and determine their character, under the instruction of the court. Ormsby, in the opinion of the district,court, was guilty of fraud, in not having the deed from N. Bedford to Jane Ormsby recorled, in reciting in his deeds to Gregg and wife, in 1804 and 1805, that a conveyance had been made to him by Bedfoid, when he knew that it had beenmade to Jane Ormsby.his wife.
It would be difficult to assign any fraudulent motive to Ormsby, in either of the acts stated. The deed to his wife, from Bedford, was valid, though it was not recorded ; and that he did not withhold it from the record with any view to his

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Gregg v. The Lessee of Sayre and Wife.]
personal advantage, is evident, from the fact of his having conveyed the property in consideration of hatural affection, to the only surviving child of himself and the grantee.
In m aking these conveyances, on whom did he design to practise a fraud ? Not on the grantees, for he received no other consideration from them than the impulse of fraternal attachment. Not on creditors, for it does not appear that they have been prejudiced. Did he design to defraud his granddaughter, who prosecuted the action of ejectment in the district court ? There is no foundation in the facts and circumstances of the case for such an imputation.
Does the recital in these deeds that Bedford had conveyed to Ormsby, afford evidence of fraud? This recital may have been made, and, indeed, it would seem, under the circumstances, was, most probably, made through a mistake of the law. Bedford had conveyed to his wife Jane Ormsby, and he might suppose that a feme covert could not take an estate in fee, and that the conveyance enured to his benefit.
It appears, from the arguments of counsel, that this question was not considered entirely free from difficulty, under the laws of Pennsylvania, among some of the learned profession at that early day.
Fraud, it is said, will never be presumed, though it may be proved by circumstances. Now, where an act does not neces.. sarilyimport fraud; where it has more likely been-done through a goodthan a bad motive, fraud 'should never be presumed. But it is not necessary to decide whether these conveyances were fraudulently made by Ormsby, or not. The important point is, to know whether Gregg and wife had any knowledge of the fraud, if committed, or participated in it. This knowledge, the court charged the jury, was immaterial; as the fraud of Ormsby rendered the deeds void, and, consequently, they could give no colour of title to an adverse possession.
This instruction is clearly erroneous. If Ormsby be justly chargeable with fraud, yet if Gregg and wife did not participate in it; if when they received their deeds they had no knowledge of it, there can be no doubt that the deeds do give colour of title, under the statute of limitations.
Upon their face, the deeds purport to convey a title in fee;

SUPREME COURT.
[Gregg v. The Lessee of Sayre and Wife.]
and having been accepted in good faith by Gregg and wife, they show the nature and extent of their claim to the premises.
Ormsby could convey no greater interest in the land than he possessed ; but there is no evidence to show that the grantees in this case knew that his estate was limited, or that, in accepting the deeds, holding possession of the property, and improving it, they did not act in good faith. The possession which they hold under these deeds was adverse to Sayre and wife, and all other persons. The titles were for the whole property, and in fee ; consequently there can be no presumption that the possession was held as co-tenants with the plaintiffs, in the court below. Both the possession and the titles were exclusive ; and they were, consequently, adverse to all other claimants.
The eighth section of the statute fixes the limitation of twenty-one years as taking away the right of entry : and in the ninth section it is provided, " that if any person or persons having such right or title be, or shall be at the time such right or title first descended or accrued, within the age of twentyone years, feme coverts; then such person or persons, and the heir or heirs of such person or persons, shall and may, notwithstanding the said twenty-one years be expired, bring his or their action, or make his or their entry, &c. within ten years next after attaining full age," &c.
Mary Sayre, the defendant in error, was born in 1791, and she was twenty-one years of age in 1812. Her father having previously died, an interest in the property descended to her, on the decease of her grandmother, Jane Ormsby, in 1799.
The second deed, from Ormsby to Sidney Gregg, was made on the 13th of April 1805, the first one having been executed the year before. On the 13th of April 1826, the twenty-one years prescribed by statute expired, and the bar was complete at that time, if the possession had been uninterrupted, as more than ten years had run from the tifne Mary Sayre became of full age. The suit in the district court was not commenced until May 1830.
As this point decides the case, it is not necessary to examine other parts of the charge to the jury. For the reasons assigned, the judgment of the district court must be reversed.

JANUARY TERM 1834.

255

(Gregg v. The Lessee of Sayre and Wife.]
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the district court of the United States, for the western district of Pennsylvania, and was argued by counsel; on consideration'whereof, it is ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said district court in this cause be, and the same is hereby reversed, and that this cause be, and the same is hereby remanded to the said district court, for further proceedings to be had therein, according to law and justice, and in conformity to the opinion of this court.

SUPREME COURT.

WILLIAM

KING,

APPELLANT V. JOHN MITCHELL ET AL., AP'PELLEES.

William King, in his will, made the following devise: "In case of having no children, I then leave and bequeath all my real estate, at the death of my wife, to William King (the appellant), son of my brother James King, on condition of his marrying a daughter of William Trigg and my niece Rachel his wife, lately Rachel Finlay, in trust for the eldest son or issue of said marriage; and in case such marriage should not take place, I leave and bequeath said estate to any child, giving preference to age, of said William and Rachel Trigg, that will marry a child of my brother James King, or of sister Elizabeth wife of John Mitchell, and to their issue."
Upon the construction of the terms of this clause, it was decided by this court in 3 Peters's R. 346, that William King, the devisee, took the estate upon a condition subsequent, and that it vested in him (so far as not otherwise expressly disposed of by the will) immediately upon the death of the testator. William Trigg having died without ever having had any daughter born ofhis wife Rachel, the condition became impossible. Allthe children of William Trigg and Rachel his wife, and of James King and Elizabeth Mitchell, are married to other persons; and there has been no marriage between any of them, by which the devise over, upon the default of marriage of William King (the devisee) with a daughter of the Triggs, would
take effect. The case was agair brought before the court on an appeal by William King,
in whom it had been decided the estate devised was vested in trust; and the court held, that William King did not take a Ieneficial estate in fee in the premises, but a resulting trust for the heirs at law of the testator. lhere is no doubt that the words " in trust," in. a will, may be construed to create a use, if the intention of the testator, or the nature of the devise requires it. But the ordinary sense of the term is descriptive of a fiduciary estate or technical trust,; and this sense ought to be retained until the other sense ii clearly established to be that intended by the testator. In the present ,case, there are strong reasons for construing the words to be a technical trust. The devise looked to the issue of a person not then in being, and, of course, if such issue should come in ease, a long minority must follow. During this period, it was an object with the testator to uphold the estate in the father for the benefit of his issue ; and this could be better accomplished by him, as a trustee, than as a guardian. If the estate to the issue were a use, it would vest the legal estate in them, as soon as they came in esse ; and if the first born children should be daughters, it would vest in them, subject to being divested by the subsequent birth of a son. A trust estate would far better provide for first contingencies than a legal estate. There is then no reason for deflecting the words from their ordi-
nary meaning.

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[King v. Mitchell et al.]
ON appeal from the district court of the United States for the Western district of Virginia.
At January term 1830, the case of Alexander Finlay and John Mitchell v. William King's Lessee, came before this court on a writ of error to the district court of the United States for the western district of Virginia, 3 Peters 346. That was an action of ejeetment, and the question involved, and decided by this court in it was, as to the construction of the will of William King, deceased, formerly of Abingdon, Virginia. The suit was instituted against the present appellees, to recover a part of the real estate of the testator, William King, which the defendants claimed, as two of the co-heirs of the testator, and on which they had entered with the consent of all the co-heirs, for the purpose of tying the title of the plaintiff, now appellant, as devisee under the will. In that action, judgment for the land in controversy, was:given by the district court in favour of the plaintiff, on~j'case stated.
On tle removal of the case to this court, the judgment of the district court was amied, and the court held, that all the-real estate of William King, deceased, is devised -to William King, the appellant; but the possession of part of it, which is given to his wife and others, is postponed until her death. The.court also proceeded to say, that " the question, whether William King took an estate, which, in all the events that had happened, enures to his benefit, or whether he is, in the existing state of things, to be considered ' trustee' for the heirs of the testator, could not be decided in that case. That question belongs to a court of chancery ; and will be determined when the heirs shall bring a bill to enforce the execution of the trust." 3 Peters 383.
The appellees, as.heirs at laN, of William King deceased, in September 1830, filed a bill in the district court of western Virginia, against the appellant, William King; in which they alleged, that the estate so devised was held by the appellant, William King, as a mere trustee, holding the beneficial interest for the testator's heirs at law ; and they pray, that the said William King may be compelled to execute the trust confided to him by the said wvill, in such manner as the court may think proper ; that the proceedings on the said judgment may be stayed, until the case-can he filly heard, and

SUPREME COURT.
[King v. Mitchell et al.]
that a perpetual injunction may be directed ; and that such other and further relief, in the premises may be given, as their case may require, and as may be consistent with the principles of equity.
The bill also prayed for an injunction to stay proceedings on the judgment in the'ejectment.
The district court gave a decree, according to the requirements of the bill, and the defendant appealed to this court.
The case agreed in the suit at, law, and upon which the questions argued before the court in tiiis case wete presented, was as follows.
"1We agree that William King departed this life on the 8th day of October 1808, having first made and published his last will and testament, which was afterwards admitted to record in the county court of Washington county, in Virginia, where he resided, and is in the words and figures following:
" . Meditating on the uncertainty of human life, I, William King, have thought proper to make this my last will and testament, leaving and bequeathing my worldly estate in the manner following, to wit: to my beloved wife, Mary, in addition to her legal dower of all my estate, the dwelling house and other buil igs on lot number ten in Abingdon, where I now reside, together with the garden,,/_rchard, and that part of my" Fruit Hill plantation south of the great road, and lands adjacent to Abingdon, now-rented to C. Finlay & Co., and, at my father's decease, including those in his occupancy on the north side of the great road, for her natural life. -
"'I also will and declare that, in case my beloved wife, Mary, hath hereafter a child or children by me, that the said child or children is and are to be sole heirs of my whole estate, real and personal, excepting one-third part of specified legacies and appropriations hereinafter mentioned, which, in case of my having children, will educe each legacy heieinafter mentioned to one third part of the amount hereafter specified, and the disposition of the real estate, as hereafter mentioned, in that case wholly void. In case of having no children, I then leave and bequeath all my real estate, at the death of my wife, to William King, son of brother James King, on condition of his marrying a daughter of William Trigg and my niece Rachel his wife, lately Rachel Finlav, in trust, for the eldest son or

IANUARY TERM 1834.
IKing v. Mitchell et al.] issue of said marriage ; and in case such marriage should not take place, I leave and bequeath said estate to any child, giving preference to age, of said William and Rachel Trigg, that will marry a child of my brother James King, or of sister Elizabeth, wife of John Mitchell, and to their issue; and during the life time of my wife, it is my intention and request, that William Trigg, James King, and her, do carry on my business in copartnership, both salt works and merchandising, and equal shares; and that in consideration of the use of my capital, they pay out of the same the following legacies:
" ' To John Mitchell, on condition of his assisting and carrying on business with them, at the usual salary as formerly, viz. one thousand dollars per year, for from two to five years, as they may wish his assistance, an additional sum of ten thousand dollars, payable five years after my decease; and to each of his children, on coming of age, one thousand dollars, more than the general legacy hereafter mentioned. To Connally Finlay a like sum of ten thousand dollars payable in five years.
" 'To my nieces, Elizabeth Finlay and Elizabeth Mitchell, (being called for my grandmother, with whom I was brought up) ten thousand dollars in twelve months after marriage, provided they are then eighteen years of age, if not at the age of eighteen; to each of my other nephews and nieces at the age of eighteen, that is, children of my brother James, sisters Nancy and Elizabeth, one thousand dollars each; to each of the children of my brother Samuel, and half sister Hannah, three hundred dollars each; as aforesaid; to my said sister Hannah, in two years after my decease, one thousand dollars'; and to my half brother Samuel, in case of personal application to the manager at Saltville, or to my executors in Abingdon, oL the 1st day of January, annually, during his life, one hundred and fifty dollars ; if not called for on said day, to be void for that year, and receipt to be personally given. It is my wish and request that my wife, William Trigg, and James King, or any two of them that shall concur in carrying on the business, should join with all the young men that may reside with me, and be assisting me in my decease, that are worthy, or furnish them with four or five thousand dollars worth of
goods, at a reasonable advance, on a credit of from three to
VOL. vii.-2 R

SUPREME COURT.
[King v. Mitchell et al.]
five years, taking bonds with interest, from one year after supply. In case my brother James should prefer continuing partnership with Charles S. Carson, in place of closing the business of King, Carson & King as soon as legal and convenient, then my will is, that William Trigg and my wife carry on the business, one-third of each for their own account, and the remaining third to be equally divided between the children of my brother James and sisters Nancy and Elizabeth. To my father Thomas King, I leave, during his life the houses he now resides in and occupies, at Fruit Hill, together with that part of my land, in said tract north of the great road, that he chooses to farm, with what fruit he may want from the orchard; the spring house, being intended for a wash house, with the appurtenances, subject to the direction of my beloved wifde, Mary; as also the orchard, except as aforesaid. I also leave and bequeath to my father, the sum of two hundred dollars per ajanum, during his life; and if accidentally fire should destroy his.Fincastle house and buildings, a further sum of two hundred and twenty dollais per annum, while his income from these would cease. I also leave and bequeath to the Abingdon Academy the sun of ten thousand dollars, payable to the trustees in the year one thousand eight hundred and sixteen, or lands to that amount, to be vested in said academy, with the interest or rents thereon, for ever.
'WILLIAm Kizq. "'Abingdon, Virginia, 3d March 1806, "'I hereby appoint William Trigg, of Abingdon, and James King, of Nashville, executors of my last will and testament enclosed; written by my own hand, and signed, this 3d day of March 1805.
'WILLIAM KING.'
"We agree that William King, at the time of his death, was seised and possessed of seventy-six tracts of land in the said county of Washington, containing, in the whole, nineteen thousand four hundred and seventyathree acres of land, on one of which tracts is the salt works, which have, since his death, been leased for years at the annual rent of thirty thousand dollars. Also, of nineteen lots in the town of Alingdon,
in Washington county, nine of which produced an annual rent of six hundred and sixty dollars. Also, of fourteen tracts of

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[King V. Mitchell et al.]
land in the county of Wythe, containing three thousand four hundred and ninety-four and a half acres. Also, of eighteen tracts of land in the state of Tennessee, containing, in the whole, ten thousand eight hundred and eighty acres. Also, of shares in town lots, in several of the towns in the state of Tennessee. We also agree that the said William King survived his father, in the said will'mentioned; that the said William King had brothers and sisters, to wit, James King, a brother of the whole blood ; Nancy, a sister of the whole blood, the wife of Connally Finlay, in the will mentioned ; Samuel King, a brother of the half blood ; Hannah, a sister of the half blood, the wife of John Allen ; all of which brothers and sisters, before named, survived the said William King. That another sister of the said William King of the whole blood, died before him, and was named Elizabeth, the wife of John Mitchell, who is mentioned in the will. We agree that William King, the lessor of the plaintiff, is the same William King, the son of James King, brother of the testator, mentioned by him in the will. We further agree that William Trigg, in the will mentioned, departed this life on the 4th day of August 1813, leaving Rachel Trigg, in the will mentioned, his widow, and four sons; the said Rachel having borne them to the said William, and "not having borne any daughter to him, the said William Trigg, at any time, which said sons are all living. That Mary, who was the wife of the said William King, is still 'living, aged forty-three years, and is now the wife of Francis Smith., We further agree that William King, the lessor of the plaintiff, is married to Sarah Behum; that James King had only one daughter, named Rachel Mary Eliza, who is now the wife of Alexander M'Call ; and that Elizabeth, the wife of John Mitchell, had only two daughters, to wit, Elizabeth, who is now the wife of William Heiskell, and Polly, who is now the wife of Abraham B. Trigg. We agree that William King, the testator, died seised and possessed of the house and lot in the declaration mentioned. We agree the lease, entry, and ouster, in the declaration supposed, and that the defendants are in possession of the house and lot in the declaration mentioned. If, upon this state of facts, the lessor of the plaintiff ought to recover at this time, we agree that judgment shall be entered for him; and that, if the court shall be of opinion that he

SUPREME COURT.
[King v. Mitchell et al.]
ought not to recover until after the death of Mary, the wife of Francis Smith; or that he ought not at any time to recover, judgment shall be entered in favour of the defendants."
The case was argued by Mr Webster and Mr Jones, for the appellants; and by Mr Coxe, for the appellees.
Mr Webster, for the appellant. This court have decided, 3 Peters 383, that the legal estate, in the property in question, has passed, under the devise in the will, to William King, the appellant. It is given to him in trust for the eldest son or issue of a marriage which can never happen ; and none of the anticipations of the testator, in the happening of which the estate would pass from the devisee, can occur. Trust, therefore, in the case before the court, means use. It was the intention of the testator, to vest the w"hole estate in him; which could be divested only if persons came into existence who would take it, and thus divest it. This is not a case in which the words of a will are to be construed to pass a fee, but to enable a benefit to be enjoyed by the object of the testator's bounty. The will has been decided to be a will to divest the heirs at law; but the object of the complainants is, to establish that the very person who takes the estate, does so for the benefit of the very heirs out of which it has passed by the will. This is not a usual case, and must be shown to exist by extraordinary circumstances. It will be difficult to put this construction on the will, as, from the beginning to the end of it, there is no disposition to throw the estate into the hands of trustees. In every part of it, there is a manifest purpose of placing it in the exclusive ownership of some -one individual. When an estate has been clearly established to have passed out of the heir at law, it will be difficult to fix such an estate in trust for the heir. If a trust is raised in such a case, the estate has not passed by the will. It is apparent, that the testator meant that William King should have the estate, without the interference of the heirs at law, to some extent. The general object was to give the estate to his own family, bearing his own name, and who should be as near to him as any one, except his brother. It is a principle of our nature, to

JANUARY TERM "1834.
[King v. Mitchell et al.]
dispose of property in the descendifig, and not in the ascending line.
If William King had married as the will provides, he would clearly have taken a beneficial interest. This would have been according to the very words of the will. It has been settled, that he took the legal estate, and his holding it finally, depended on a condition subsequent, which condition he had his whole life to perform, unless by the extinction of the family into which he was to marry; and the will makes no provision for the holding during that time. It is now ascertained, that the condition subsequent became impossible to be performed. Cited: 2 Peere Williams 628; 1 Cruise 469; 1 Atk. 618.
This question was argued, in the former case, by General Smyth, and the court are referred to that argument as fully applicable here, 3 Peters 369.
The condition of marriage is inconsistent with '"e idea of William King being a trustee. If he had married according to the terms of the will, he would not have been a trustee, but would have held the estate absolutely. 2 Atk. 150; 2 Vernon 645. Cases cited in the argument of the fonimer case: 1 Peere Williams 309; 1 Merivale 301, &c. See 3 Peters 373. Where there is'a consideration, there cart be no resulting trust; 7 Bacon, ch. 143: and in this case the consideration was' marriage.
Mr Coxe, for the appellees. There are, under the will, but two questions: 1. Does William King, the appellant, take an estate in trust? 2. If he does,.how does this affect his beneficial interest in the property so taken ?
All the contingencies having failed, who takes the estate beneficially ?
William King took the legal estate, and held it upon a condition subsequent, which becoming impossible, the estate is as if no condition had been annexed to it in the devise, and the devise never-took effect. It is contended by the appellants, that the condition attached to the equitable, as well as to the legal estate. On the other side it is said, the condition attached only to the legal estate.

SUPREME COURT.
[King v. Mitchell et al.]
In support of the latter position, there is the opinion of Mr Justice Johnson, in 3 Peters 385, 387, 389, who dissented from the court in the case at law, and who pronounced the true interpretation of the will; and although the rest of the court declined to indicate an opinion, yet great support, is derived from what is said by the court.
There are two conditions. One precedent, that of the wife of the testator.havirtg a child; and no child was born subsequent to his death : and the other subsequent, which was the marriage of William King; and that marriage has become impossible. Thus a state of things is presented not contemplated by the will. There being no devise over in the event of the failure of the contingencies, the estate is vested in William King at law, in trust for all the heirs of the testator. It was not the intention of the testator to give any beneficial interest in the estate to William King.
There can be no doubt, that if testator had left one child, that child would have been the sole heir: if he had left ten children, they would have taken in equal proportion. Such are the provisions of the will. There is nothing to indicate any intention, that if the first clause in his will had taken.effect, tire whole estate was to pass into a single hand, or to remain undivided. Had William King married a daughter of William Trigg, &c., lie as clearly would have taken the estate under the second clause, for the condition would then have been performed. But how, and to what extent ? Clearly, as the'will says, and as the courts said, in trust for the eldest son or issue of that marriage. Had there been issue of that narr;age, could any doubt have existed, but that the equitable estate would have vested
absolutely. It is not material to discuss the possible question, whether
the eldest son would have taken to the exclusion of others ; it is obvious, that had one son only been the fruit of that marriage, he would have been the individual upon whom the estate would have devolved ; had there been ten daughters, they would have all taken.
The court has said, that the will is to be construed "as if the contemplated marriage had been actually consummated." 3 Peters 381. So it is to be construed as if the contemplated issue had actually been born. Again, in the same opinion the

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[King v. Mitchell et al.]
court say, "it was not very probable, at the date of the will, that the devisfe of this immense fortune might come into existence in less than twenty years." If William King was the devisee, he was actually in existence. And the court must, therefore, have considered, that not he,' but his issue by a marriage with a person then unborn, was to be the devisee.
In the exami nation of this clause we cannot but observe, that in framing it, the testator looked to the single contingency, that he should die without issue. He has omilted entirely to provide for the contingency of such issue dying at an early period of life.
So in the limitation over to the child of William and Rachel Trigg, who might marry as provided in the will; lie has again placed it upon the single contingency of there being no such maniage as he had already contemplated, between William and a dautghter of William Trigg, without adverting to the possibility of there being no issue of such marriage, or of such issue becoming extinct.
Had there been a child of William and Rachel Trigg who had actually married as the testator contemplated, the limitation over to su,:h individual, would have taken effect. The whole estate given to William King would, in that case, have terminated. The intention of the testator is manifest and undoubted as to this point. The will, however, as the court remarked, is to be construed as if the contemplated contingency had actually occurred. But this rule of construction is disregarded, this intention of the testator overlooked, by adopting the views of appellant. 3 Peters 381, 382.
If William King took the whole interest under the will, legal and equitable, upon the condition attached to it by the testator, that condition being a condition subsequent, its becoming impossible is to operate precisely in the same manner as its fulfilment. The fulfilment would have been by the marriage; that marriage became impracticable. The estate, therefore, vesting in him,,precisely as if the condition had been performed, it is obvious, that upon the con.4ruction contended for by the appellant, the words, "in trust for the eldest son, or issue of said marriage," must be erased from the will, as insensible and nugatory. Had such issue come into existence, it could not

SUPREME COURT.
[King v. Mitchell ot al.]
have affected the interest already given to William King, the father.
It appears to us, that this would be equally repugnant to the language of the will itself, and to the opinion pronounced by this court. The language of the court is (p. 378), "the residue was given to William King immediately, on the trust mentioned in the will, or given by implication to the testator's wife, or was permitted to descend to his heir at law." It is here distinctly asserted, that what estate William King did take, he took in trust. And in p. 381, " his primary object then is, the issue of a marriage between his nephew, William King, and a daughter of William Trigg, by his then wife ;" not to vest the whole estate in Will-am King himself, but passing him by, as regards the beneficial interest, to look to the issue of such marriage, and provide for them. Further (p. 383), the court says, the "intention, we think, was, to devise his whole estate to William King in trust."
If the appellant be correct, we must go farther, we must erase from the will, not only the expression which points to the issue as the objects of the testator's bounty, instead of William King himself, but the whole of the succeeding clause. For, if William King takes the whole interest, independently of any trust, and the fulfilment of the condition, or its becoming impossible, are equally operative; the limitation over never could have taken effect', even although a child of William and Rachel Trigg had married a child of James King or Elizabeth Mitchell. This is the necessary corollary from the appellant's proposition. The will is to be construed as if the object of the testator had not been defeated (p. 381). The second object of the testator, " was the issue of any marriage which might take place, between any child of William and Rachel Trigg, and any child of his brother James, or of his sister Elizabeth. That both of these objects have been defeated by the course of subsequent events, does not change the construction of the will." Not only is such thus -declared to be the intent of the testator, but the pyovision is pronounced to be a valid one (p. 381,382).
" Had William King, the devisee, died young, or had William and Rachel Trigg died without leaving a daughter, a fact which has actually happened, and any child of William

JANUARY TERM 1834.
rKing v. Mitchell et a].] and Rachel Trigg had married a child of' James King, or Elizabeth Mitchell, then the whole estate is given to such child, and to the issue of the marriage. Had either of these .events taken place, the estate is given from the heirs. This is wholly incompatible with the position of appellant, that "he did not take ab initio under the will as trustee, for any use or purpose whatever;" but that he "took and held it beneficially for himself." These important clauses cannot be rejected. 6 Cond. Rep. 83.
In regard to this last limitation, it is observable, that it is to take effect upon the single contingency, that William King should not marry as was contemplated. Had he actually so married, this limitation over never could have taken effect; even had he died the next day, and left no issue. The testator has not provided for the case of the marriage actually taking place, unaccompanied by issue ; or for that of such issue becoming extinct. These events not being provided for, had either of them occurred, the estate mi)Ust have devolved upon the heirs.
Nor has the testator made anyprovision for anystate of things beyond the marriage of a child of William Trigg to one of the children of his brother or sister. The instant that state of things occurred, the whole estate would have vested absolutely in the individual who catie within the terms of the limitation ; and no provision is made for any failure of issue of such marriage.
Viewing the will in this aspect, it is manifest that there were vatious possible, nay probable contingencies, for which the testator had omitted to provide; and had either of them occui red, the estate must have gone in the regular course of descent.
1. Had the testator died, leaving a child by his wife Mary, and such child had survived him but a single day, the estate mu3t have gone to the heirs of such child ; for the absolute estate had vested, and the subsequent limitation over was to take effect upon the single contingency of there being no such child.
2. Had the contingency contemplated in the devise to William King, the condition expressly annexed to it, happened, viz. his marriage ; and had there been issue, a son, of such marriage, upon the death of that son, if its father had taken,
VOL. VII.-2) S

SUPREME COURT.
[King v. Mitchell et at.]
as we suppose, merely a trust for the use of such son, the estate would have gone as the law prescribes, for there is no limitation over in such case.
3. Had there been a child of William Trigg who had married as contemplated, the absolute interest would have vested, for nothing beyond that is provided for.
The provisions of the will are tolerably precise and distinct; but it is owing to their particularity and minuteness of detail that the present difficulty arises. Testators, like legislators, succeed best, and most effectually avoid litigation, when they avoid an enumeration of all the various circu nstances for which they design to provide.
It must be conceded, that a state of things has occurred, which the testator did not anticipate, and for which he did not, as we read the will, provide. Neither one of the clauses has taken effect, as we understand this instrument; certainly none has taken effect in the mode he contemplated. What then is the result ?
The result of a total ftilure of all the provisions of the will, would necessarily be, as this court said in the former case; to cast the real estate upon the heirs: this is so obvious-by the doctrine of the law, that it is unnecessary to do more than distinctly to state it. All the interest in real estate which is not clearly devised to some other person, descends to the heir. In the application of this general principle, it is equally and wholly immaterial, whether there was a defective execution of the will, which prevented it from taking effect.; or an omission to include a part of the property; or an insufficient description, either of the thing devised, or of the party who is to take ; or the occurrence of a contingency for which testator omitted to provide ; or a failure of the party who was designed to have the estate. In each and all these cases the heirs will take. It is not sufficient, that the court may entertain a private opinion of the intention of the testator, or be satisfied what he would have done, had he correctly anticipated the future. " It must," to use the language of this court in Wright'v. Denn, " it must see that he has expressed that intention with reasonable certainty on the face of the will ; for the law will not suffer the heirs to be disinherited upon conjecture. He is favoured by its policy ; though the testator may disinherit tim, yet the law will

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[King v. Mitdhell et al.]
execute that intention only when it it is put in a clear and unambiguous shape." 6 Cond. Rep. 80. The appellant is here encountered by the same difficulty which presented itself in that case. He says the intention of the teslator was, that the heir should not take; so it is in all cases where the provisions of the will fail from any of the causes that have been enumerated ; that it was his intention that the estate should go to a single individual, and not be split up among numerous parties; that this valuable estate should be retained among those who bore his name, and inherited his blood;. among those, especially, who would re-unite his wife's blood with his own. He may go farther than all this, and insist, that had the testator anticipated what has occurred, he would have expressed his intent, that appellant should take, in the clearest and most 'explicit terms. The court. must, nevertheless, say, as in Wright v. Denn, " the testator may have intended it, and probably did ; but the intention cannot be extracted from his words with reasonable certainty, and we have no right to indulge ourselves in mere private conjectures."
The learned editor of Powell on Devises found it necessary to introduce a caution, "that the language of the courts, when they speak of the intention as the governing principle, sometimes calling it ' the law' of the instrument, sometimes ' the pole star,' sometimes ' the sovereign guide,' must always be understood with this important limitation, that here, as in other instances, the judges submit to be bound by precedents and authorities in point; and endeavour to collect the intention itpon grounds of a judicial nature, as distinguished from arbitrary conjecture." 2 Powell on Contracts 3.
Even in cases where no reasonable doubt could exist, as to the intention of the testator in point of fact, as where, in the will of an unlettered person, real and personal property are comprehended in the same clause; the absolute estate in the one passes, and only a life estate in the other. It was "in reference to this class of cases, that Lord Mansfield, in Right v. Sidebotham, Dougl. 759,said, -I verily believe, that almost in every case, where by law a general devise of lands is reduced to an estate for life, the intent of the testator is thwarted."
In reference, however, to the will under consideration, the

SUPREME COURT.
[King v. Mitchell et al.]
intent, of which the appellant invokes aid, is by no means obvious or unquestionable. It is not the paramount purpose of testator's mind. In the particular instances for which he has expressly provided, and subject to the modifications which he has distinctly prescribed, the intent may be recognized, but it does not follow, that it reached beyond those contingencies.
Thus, in the particular clause under consideration, it is beyond doubt, that the testator designed the appellant to take on the condition specified, and in trust for the issue of the contemplated marriage. This is the intention of the limitation, as clearly indicated; but the whole of this intent must be taken together. It cannot be logically inferred, that he was designed to take without performing the condition, or to take discharged of the trust. It is not by any means apparent, that the testator regarded him as the peculiar-object of his bounty; he did not unite in him the two distinct bloods; he is not an individual who proceeded "from the union of his own family with that of his wife," whom the court considered it as the primary intention of his own family to provide for. "His primary oject," says the court immediately after, "1is the issue of a marriage between his nephew, William King, and a daughter of William Trigg by his then wife," not William King himself: no such intent is expressed on the face of the will, as to give him, in his own right, fo( his own benefit, any portion of the estate; and until he can show title under the will, the heir must take. Baker"v. Wood, 9 Mass. 419.
So far as any peculiar or especial object of the testator's favour can be ascertained from the face of the instrument, it was obviously the family of William Trigg. The devise to the appellant is clogged with a condition, that he should marry a daughter of Trigg; that clause failing, the estate is limited by the succeeding clausc to any child of Trigg who should marry as there prescribed. William Trigg is to have one third of the business and capital; and he is further made executor. Yet with this especial preference, so uniformly manifested in every part of the will, the construction contended for by the appellant, would reject the whole of this branch of the testator's relatives.
Nor is it easy to perceive the foundation upon which the. assertion is based, that appellant was the favoured object of

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[King v. Mitchell et al.l
the testator's bounty. The clause under consideration is the only one throughout the will in which he is named. The whole argument involves a petitio principii; if, by the true construction of the will, he takes the whole of this valuable property, he is, in fact, the most favoured of the testator's family. If this construction accords with the actual design of the testator, the argument is well founded; but the premises being established, the conclusion becomes unimportant. If he does not take under the will, tothe extent of his claim, there exists no foundation for this reasoning; if he does so take, it is superfluous.
The court, in 3 Peters 380, 381, considered it as proved, that-it was "the primary intention of the testator, to keep his immense estate together, and to bestow this splendid gift on some' individual who should proceed from the union of his own family and that of his wife." If the first part of this design was alone to be regarded, it would have been equally effected by a descent to the heir, under the circumstances which existed at the date of the will ; for the testator's father was then his sole presumptive heir. If the latter part of this design is to control the construction of the will, it must be fatal to the appellant's claim; for, as has been before rerharked, he does not come within the description. Nor can a part of this general design be disregarded. It will not do to carry the first part into full execution at all events, and to reject the last, which was far more interesting; to effectuate it so far as regards the estate itself, and to exclude that portion of -it which looked to the person who was to receive the property.
But this inferential intention, deduced by refined reasoning from scattered clauses in the will, furnishes an unsafe expo. sition of the instrument. Cited, Fearne on Contingent Remainders 170, 171.
In further corroboration of these views, it is material to remark, that, according to the first limitation of this estate, the parties who were to take, viz. his own issue, would have been ascertained at the period of the vesting of the estate; there was no necessity for the interposition of a trustee, to preserve the property or to keep alive the limitation., No trustee is
therefore provided.
So, in regard to the third limitation, the individual who

SUPREME COURT.
[King v. Mitchell et al.)
was to take the benefit of it is clearly indicated-must have been married before it could vest, and there was as little reason for the intervention of any trustee. There was no such trustee appointed.
The second clause is different. The party to take, according to the testator's intention, was the unborn issue of a marriage between parties, one of whom was yet unborn. The propriety of creating a trustee in such case, is obvious; and that of conferring this office upon the parent of the beneficiary, equally manifest. Such a construction, therefore, gives consistency to the instrument, and makes its provisi9ns harmonious and reasonable. It is one of the fundamental rules of ccnstruction, 2 Powell 5, "that all the parts of a will are to be construed in relation to each other, and so as, if possible, to form one consistent whole." Again, p. 6, "nor can the meaning of words be varied by extrinsic evidence."
In the clause, the words are " in trust, &c.," and we are told, "that words, in general, are to be taken in their ordinary and grammatical sense, unless a clear intention to use them in another can be collected ; and they are in all cases to receive a construction which will give: them all effect, rather than one that will render some of them inoperative." 2 Powell p. 8. And "where a testator uses technical words, he will be presumed to employ them in their legal sense, unless the context contain a clear indication to the contrary."
Here then appears to be a clear devise in trust, as deduced from the examination of the will itself, and from the well established rules of construction. The case comes clearly within the language of Lord Alvanley, when master of the rolls, in Malin v. Heighly, 2 Ves. Jun. 333, where he says, " 1 will lay down the rule as broad as this,-wherever any person gives property, and points out the object, the property, and the way in which it shall go, that does create a trust, unless he shows clearly, that his desire expressed is to be controlled by the party, and that he shall have an option to defeat it."
The lord chief baron, in Meredith v. Heneage, 2 Cond. Ch. Rep. 275, 1 Simon 542, says, that in the language just cited, "he has extracted and stated the result of all the cases

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[King v. Mitchell et al.]
before that time, and the subsequent caser have, it seems to me, made no alteration."
The will contains the phrase "in trust," which Lord Hardwicke, in the case of Hill v. Bishop of London, deemed so material, and to supersede the necessity'of raising a trust by construction. I Atk. 620.
If the appellant, then, took what he did take in trust; if the property thus to be held is clearly described ; if the persons for whom he is to take are distinctly marked: the question arises, whether, in the events which have happened, William King has an estate which enures to his own benefit; or is he to be deemed trustee for the heirs at law, the complainants in the court below.
This is not a question as to the construction of the will, for the principle is perfectly well settled, "that the construction is not to be varied by events subsequent to the execution, 2 Powell 10; and this principle was fully recognized by this court in 3 Peters.
It is a general principle of law which is involved, what becomes of the trust, when the objects of the creation, from any cause, are unable to take.
To narrow down the question still more, it may be observed, that it is an immaterial circumstance, that an express provision is made in the will for the heir, This was a point ruled in Ratidall v. Bookey, 2 Vern. 435, and in Starkey v. Brooks, 1 P. W. 390, 1 Ch. Ca. 196.
Nor is it at all material, that testator obviously designed to exclude the heir from inheriting this property; for, notwithstanding such obvious intention, as the court formerly observed, "this may be the result of a total failure of all the provisions of the will." If this circumsiance were to operate, it would effectually shut out the heir, in all cases of the failure of the objects for which testator designed to provide, even if the will had in terms excluded the heir at all events. Pugh v. Goodtitle, 3 B. P. C. 454.
if we have succeeded in establishing, as the true and legal construction of the clause in which the appellant is named, that he took an estate, which, in case of his marriage as prescribed, and having issue as anticipated, wotold have enured exclusively

SUPREME COURT.
[King v. Mitchell et al.]
,to the benefit of such issue; we have advanced far in arriving at a solution of the present question.
It will be conceded, that there are no words in this will which can be understood as indicating any actual intention, on the part of the testator, to enlarge the estate originally granted to the appellant, in case he did not marry, or leave issue of such marriage ; on the contrary, the express language of the will is, that the ulterior limitation was not to take effect, in case said marriage did not take place. Whatever interest or estate the appellant now has, he took at once ; there is no enlarge-
ment in terms. The question then is : admitting that he took as trustee for
his own issue, in case he should have any, and therefore, as no such issue ever came into existence, the estate designed for them, never took effect ; and that the ulterior limitation in the succeeding clause, in like manner, wholly failed-Do these failures enure to the benefit of the devisee or of the heir ? Is the estate in the hands of the devisee, discharged of the trusts ; or the trust; having become extinct, does -the beneficial interest descend upon the heir, as a part of the estate not disposed of by the will .
In Vesey v. Jamson, I Simon and Stewart 69, 1 Cond. Ch. Rep. 36, the vice-chancellor said, the testator has given the estate " to the trustees, expressly upon trust ; and they cannot, therefore, hold it for their own benefit. The necessary consequence is, that the purposes of the trust, being so general and undefined that they cannot be executed by this court, they must fail together; and the next of kin become entitled to the property."
The heir is not to be disinherited without an express devise or necessary implication ; such implication importing, not natural necessity, but so strong a possibility, that an intention to the contrary cannot be supposed." 2 Powell 5.
It is denied that the law is, that when there is a consideration, there can be no resulting trust. Cited, 3 Bro. Parl.
Cases 454. Cited also, 1 Simon and Stewart 69; 8 Petersdorff 91;
1 Hovenden's Notes on Vesey 364 ; 12 Vesey 415 ; 2 Powell on Devises 41, 49, 51 ; 1 Vesey and Beames, 278.

ANUARY TERM 1834.

[King v. Mitchell et al.]

Mr Jones, in reply.

There might have been a period when a doubt could exist,

as to the question involved in this case, but that doubt cannot

now prevail. The principles contended for by the appellant,

have been settled in the case at law. By that decision, the

estate is, under the devise, in the appellant; and it must re-

main in him. The testator intended a benefit to him, and he

has it. To take the enjoyment of the estate from him, and

make him a mere trustee for those towards whom the whole

objectof the testator was to exclude them from the enjoyment of

any thing but the specific bequests, would be contrary to his

manifest purpose. His object was, to select a particular per-

son to hold the estate, and not as a mere conduit to convey it

to others.

If the complainants below could have any estate, it would be,

a legal estate; and this on the ground, that the whole of the

objects of the will, that of limiting the property to the issue of

particular persons, have failed. The devise -was void or a

nullity.  The

But this court have decided differently.

case is to be considered: 1. As it stood at the testator's

death. 2. Whether subsequent events have changed iti situ-

ation.

It is contended by the appellees, that William King took a

mere naked trust.

1. Did he take the estate to this intent only, and answer-

able over for rents and profits ? If this be so, those who now

claim to be cestuis que trust, had the same interest from the

beginning; and that cannot be under the decision of the court,

that the legal estate vested in him on the death of the testator ;

and the reasoning of the court, that the whole interest in the

estate was disposed of by the will. Cited : Powell on Devises

189.

Suppose this had been a condition subsequent, and there

had been a marriage to a daughter of Elizabeth Mitchell, and

no issue; what would have been the condition of the estate?

Would not William King have held the estate for himself ?

There is no provision madc in the will for the avails of the

estate; and if William King took the estate, he had his whole

life to perform the condition ; he had the avails of the estate

in the interval given for the performance of the condition, as

VOL. viii.-2 T

SUPREME COURT.
[Kiiig v. Mitchell et al.]
his own. It is impossible to say at what period this beneficial interest closed.
Why has it been decided that he should take the estate ? Why not hold him to the condition ? It is because it is a condition subsequent and impossible, and the will is to be construed as if it had no conditional clauses in it. 2 Peere Williams 628 ; Corn. Dig., Condition D. p. 4; 1 Cowp. 469: I Atk. 618.
It is important that the court should consider the legal con-
sequences to be attached to one or other view of this bill ; and the court will therefore decide where the equity jurisdiction begins, and the law jurisdiction ends.
It is argued that the use of the term " trust" gives the appellees all the rights which equity will give to a cestui que use. But these are only certain trust estates which, in courts of chancery, are treated as estates held in trust for the use of others. 1 Preston on Estates 142 to 190; Fearne on Conting. Rem. 158, 159.
As to jurisdiction in cases where courts-of equity attempt to distinguish estates held in trust fiom absolute estates: cited, I Mad. Ch. 448, 450.
Looking at the form of the devise, taking th-' principles of law as settled in the case, can it be said that there is an outstanding cestui que trust, who is to have the whole of the beneficial interest in the estate of the testator, and that William King is but a bare trustee ? There is.no occasion to create a trust for such a purpose. The appellees might hold the property as an executory devise, or a springing use. The court of law having given judgment in favour of the devisee against the heirs at law, is equivalent to saying, no use resulted to him. It would be impossible that it could be otherwise.
At the date of the will, William King was but two and a half years old ; at the period of the testator's death he was butfive years old, Could it, by any possibility, have been intended to make him a trustee ?
The contingency of the estate vesting, being made to depend on the marriage of William King, and not on his having issue, it is shown, beyond all doubt, that the marriage was a personal

JANUARY TERM 1834.

.47

[King v Mitchell et.al.]
obligation; that a personal benefit was intended to him should he perform the marriage.
The true construction of the will is, that the estate is given to William King beneficially; and, on the birth of a son, or his nhirriage according to the will, he should hold it for such son. If no son, as if no marriage, then the estate is in him. It was a beneficial estate to him, and an executory devise over to a son df the marriage. He has fhe estate under the first part of the devise, and the second has not occurred.. This is a construction according to the spirit and purpose of the will. It gives to the infant devisee his full benefit of the estate until marriage and issue ; and thus provided for one who was the object of the testator's bounty.
As to the consequences of a lapsed legacy, cited: 1 Peere Williams 277 ; 1 Bro. Ch. Cases 61 ; 4 Vesey 802 ; 12 Vesey 415 ; 1 Vesey and Beames 276 ; 16 East 283; S. C. at law, I Simon and Stewart 69.
A haeres factus is entitled to the same benefit as a hires natus. Prec. in Chan. 2 ; 2 Vernon 120, S. C.; 2 Powell on Devises 667. 668, 669 ; 2 Atk. 439, note.
It is contended, upon authority, and upon general principles, independent of the specific intent apparent in this will to exclude the heirs-at law,. that every benefit resulting from the failure or lapse of any charge upon the estate, or of any condition, or of any conditional limitation (such failure of condi. ticn not going to defeat the estate itself), results to the haeres factug of the estate, not to the hres natus ; and that either the value or the quality of the estate in- his hands, thus enhanced by its exoneration from any such charge or condition or limitation, is so enhanced for him and as his estate, just as if he were heres natus : a principle so much the stronger in its application to this case, as he is hiures factus of the whole, not merely of a part of the real estate.
When it is once ascertained that the devisee is the person intended to be benefited, he is to have all the benefits of contingencies, and to have all the benefits which arose from relieving the estate devised from all charges, &c. '3 Madd. Rep. 453.
Upon the effect of conditions becoming impossible, cited 2 Powell on Devises 251, 255, 263; 1 Preston on Estates 476; 1 Peere Williams 626 ; 1 Bro. Chan. Cases 528.

SUPREME COURT.
[King v. Mitchell et al.]
Mr Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the Court. This-is an appeal from a decree of the district court of the United States for the western district of Virginia, in a case, where the appellant was the original defendant, and the appellees the original plaintiffs in equity. The bill was brought by the plaintiffs, as heirs at law of William King deceased, to obtain a perpetual injunction of a judgment'at law, upon an ejectment, in which a recovery was had by the appellant, of certain parcels of land, which he claimed as devisee under the will of the said William King, deceased. The case in which the recovery was had, came before this court upon a special statement of facts, agreed by the parties, at January term. 1830, and will be found reported in the third volume of Peters' Reports, p. 346. In that case, all the material flicts applicable to this case are set forth, and, therefore, we pontent ourselves with a reference to it: and the real question for decision in the present suit is ; whether, under the will stated in that case, the present appellant took a beneficial estate in fee in the premises; or an estate in trust only, which trust, in the events which have happened, has be'en frustrated, and there now remains a resulting trust for the heirs at law of the testator. The bill asserts, that the estate was a mere estate upon a trust, which has failed; and that there is a resulting trust for the heirs at law ; that they are consequently entitled to the injunction prayed for; and to other relief, as prayed in the bill. The decree was in favour of this construction of the will, and proceeded. to grant the injunction, and to decree a partition accordingly. The main clause of the will, upon which the question arises, is in the following words: "In case of having no children, I then. leave and bequeath all my real estate, at the death of my wife, to William King, (the appellant) son of brother James King, on condition of his marrying a daughter, of William Trigg and my niece Rachel his wife, lately Rachel Finlay, in trust for the eldest son or issue of said marriage ; and in case such marriage should not take place, I leave and bequeath said estate to any child, giving preference to age, of said William and Rachel Trigg, that will marry a child of my brother James King's, or of sister Elizabeth's, wife of John Mitchell, and to their issue." Upon the construction of the

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[King v. Mitchell et al.]
terms of this clause, it has been already decided by this court in 3 Peters 346, that William King, the devisee, took the estate upon a conditionsubsequent, and that. it vested in him, (so far as not otherwise expressly disposed of by the will) immediately upon the death of the testator. William Trigg having died without ever having had any daughter born of his wife Rachel, the condition became impossible. Allthe children of William Trigg and Rachel his wife, and of James King and Elizabeth Mitchell, are married to other persons; and there has been no marriage between any of them, by which the devise over, upon the default of marriage of William King (the devisee) with a daughter of the Triggs, could take, effect. So that the question, what estate William King took) under the devise, whether a beneficial estate co-extensive with the fee, or in trust, necessarily arises; for no rule of law is better settled, than that where lands are devised in trust for objects incapable of taking, there is a resulting trust for the heirs at law. The only difficulty is in the application of the, will to particular cases ; and to ascertain, whether (as L6rd Eldon expressed it in King v. Denison, I Ves. and B. 260, 272) the devisee takes subject to a particular trust, or whethq'r he takes it for a particular trust.
In consulting the language of this clause, it is diffictilt "to perceive any clear intention that William King is to t ike, under any circumstances, a beneficial interest in fee. He is no where alluded to in the will as the primary object, of the testatorfs 'rinty, or as, in any peculiar sense, a/favoured devisee. The object of thi' testator, seems to have teen, to keep his great estate together, aid to pass the inh ritance to some one, who should unite in himself the blood df his own family and that of his wife, and thus becotn he common representative of both. He cloes not seem to have contemplated any improbability, much less any impossibility in such an event, and therefore lie has made no provisior for the failure of offspring from such a union. Now, look/ilg to the the state of the families at the time when the will'was made, is there any thing'unnatural in his expectations, )or extraordinary in his omission to provide for events apparently so remote and speculative. We must construe the will, th~n, according to its terms; and to events within the contemplation of the tes-

SUPREME COURT.
(King v. Mitchell et al.]
tator ; and not interpose limitations by conjecture, which he might have interposed, if he could have foreseen, what is now certain, the failure of the first objects of his bounty.. He gives to William King all his real estate, on condition of his marrying a daughter of William Trigg and his niece Rachel Trigg. And if the language had stopped here, there could be no doilbt, that a beneficial interest in fee Could have been perfected in him, upon his compliance with the condition, or upon its becoming impossible. But the implication of such beneficial estate, is repelled by the succeeding words. It is devised to him, not absolutely, upon fulfilment of the condition, but "in trust for the eldest son-or issue of *said marriage." It is manifest, then, that the estate was not contemplated to vest in William ) King beneficially; for a trust coextensive with the fee, is given to his issue. Arid it is (as was remarked by the chief justice in delivering the opinion of the court in the former case, in 3 Peters 346) quite consistent with the general intention of the testator, and his mode of thinking, as manifested in his will, to suppose an intention, that in the mean time the profits ,should accumulate for the benefit of the issue, for whom the 6state was designed. It is as clear, that in the event that the nharriage should not take effect, the beneficial estate was not in'tended to en~ain with William King. The will goes.,on to rovide for that contingency, and declares, that in case such marriage shall not take effect, the estate shall go to any child, giving ,preference to age, of William and Rachel Trigg, that will mairy a child of his brother James or his sister Elizabeth. So that, 'in the only alternative event contemplated by him, he strips the devisee of the beneficial estate in favour of another branch o the families, uniting the blood of both by an intermarriag . It is no obJection, that this devise over may be too remote o be"valid in point of law. Upon that we give. no opinion. It is sufficient for us, that no such objection was contempnlated by the testator ; and, so far as his intention is ,expressed'\it is coupled with a beneficial interest for others; excluding that of William King. To create such interest in the latter,, e must supply an intention, and not construe the language ol the testator. We must conjecturewhat he would have done, nd not merely decide what he has done.
It is said, \t}rat William King was a favourite nephew; and

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[King v. Mitchell et al.]
.therefore, an intention to vest a beneficial estate in him, ought to be implied. But, how does that appear in a form so imposing, as to justify such a conclusion ? There is, it is true, no legacy given to him by the will; and therefore, it is suggested, that it could not have been the'intention of the testator to clothe him with a barren trust. But a man-to whose issue, in events within the immediate contemplation of the testator, a splendid fortune was to pass, and in whomi in the mean time, the estate was to vest for the benefit of those who must necessarily be most near, as well as most dear'to him; the objects of all his affections and all his anxieties-could hardly be deemed without some adequate equivalent for his labomus in a trust which was to centre inhim for the benefit of his offspring. And if no marriage should-take place, which could bring such issue into existence, the subsequent devise over demonstrates, that William King was not even then first in the thoughts of the testator; but the future offspring of his relations, doubly connected by the. blood of both families. They were second in preference only to the issue of William King by a. Trigg, and certainly not to King himself. It has been asked, what would have been the result, if King had married a Trigg, and had had no issue by her? The answer is, that the will does not look to such an event ; and as the estate was not beneficially to vest in King in the case. of a marriage and issue, it is quite too much to infer, that in all other events, the'beneficial estate was to vest in him, sirply because it is not declared to be in another. But it would be sufficient to say, that no such marriage did take eflct; and .upon the non occurrence of that contingency, the estate was to pass over to other persons, by the very terms -of the will; thus repelling the notion that King was to take a beneficial estate where there was neither marriage nor issue.
The argument on the part of the appellant is, that the immediate devise was a beneficial estate in fee to William King, with an executory devise over to the issue of his marriage with a Tr'igg, if there should be any; and as that event has not
happened, theprior estate to him has never been divested. But we do not think that this is the natural reading of the words; and the construction is repelled by the devise over on the failure of that marriage. In order to arrive at such a con-

SUPREME COURT.
[King v. Mitchell et al.]
clusion, we should be obliged to add words not found in the will, nor implied in the context. William King is to take a fee in trust for the issue ; and the trust is engrafted upon his estate, and is no where said- in a given event to displace or supersede it. It is not a devise to him for his own use in fee, until he shall have issue, and then his use to cease, and a trust to arise for such issue.
It is also insisted, that the words "in trust,' used in the devise, ought not to be considered as creating a mere fiduciary estate for the issue, (if any) but as a legal use, to spring up by way of executory devise; and that if, by reason of the failure of such use, there is a resulting estate to the heirs at law, it is a legal use, for which their remedy is at law, and not a fiduciary estate for them, for which the present remedy lies in equity. There is no doubt, that the words "in trust," in a will, may be construed to create a use, if the intention of the testator or the nature of the devise requires it. But the ordinary sense of the term is descriptive of a fid~uciary estate or technical trust; and this sense ought to be retained, until the other sense is clearly established to be that intended by the testator. Now, we think, that in the present case, theie are strong reasons for construing the words to be a technical trust. The devise looked to the issue of a person not then in being; and of course, if such issue should come in esse, a long minority must follow. During this period, it was an object with the testator to uphold the estate in the father for the benefit of his issue; and this could be better accomplished by him, as a trustee, than as a mere guaidian. If the estate to the issue were a use, it would vest the legal estate in them, as soon as they came in esse ; and if the first born children should be daughters, it would vest in them, subject to being divested by the subsequent birth of a son. A trust estate would far better provide for first contingencies than a legal estate. There is then no reason for deflecting the words from their ordinary
meaning. In cases of this sort, little aid can be gathered from the
authorities; as there rarely are such coincidences in the language of wills and'the circumstances of the cases, as to lead unequivocally to the same conclusion. We have examined the authorities, however, and they do not seem to us in any

JANUARY TERM 1834.

35S

[King v. Mitchell et al.]
degree to. interfere with the opinion which we entertain on the present devise. Indeed, some of the cases strengthen the reasoning on which we rely. But a critical examination
of them would occupy too much time. Our opinion then is, that the estate given to William King 6f the devise in question, is not a beneficial estate in fee, but an estate in trust fod his issue; and that the trust having failed, there remains a resulting trust to the heirs at law of the testator, if the devise over does not take effect.
The devise over has not as yet taken effect. There is no person who now answers the description contemplated in that devise. No child of the Triggs has as yet married a child of James King or of Elizabeth Mitchell; and in the present state of things, such a.marriage is impossible. Whether the contingency on which this devise over was to take effect, was or was not originally too remote to be good in point of law, because a marriage might take place between a child of the Triggs then unborn, and a child of James King or Elizabeth
Mitchell, at a period more remote than twenty-one years after their respective births, and yet fall within the terms of the devise, is a question upon which (as we have already said) the court will express no opinion. It does, however, create some embarrassment in the case. And the question is, whether, until such event as the contemplated marriage shall happen, the heirs are not entitled to the relief they seek, as a resulting trust, which is at present vested in them, and which can only be displaced, (if at all) by the actual occurrence of a marriage, which shall take place upon a future contingency. We think that they are entitled to the relief, leaving the case open for the rights of any person, who may hereafter rightfully claimtitle against them under the devise over.
The decree of the district court is therefore affirmed with costs, and the cause is remanded for further proceedings.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the district court of the United States, for the western district of Virginia, and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, it is ordered, adjudged and decreed, by this court, that the decree of the said district court in this
VOL. v111.-2 U

354

SUPREME COURT.

[King v. Mitchell et al.]
cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed with costs. And it is further ordered and decreed by this. court, that this cause be,:and the same is hereby remanded to the said district court, with directions that further proceedings be had therein, according to law and justice, and in conformity to the opinion of this court.

JANUARY TERM 1834.

591

HENRY WHEATON AND ROBERT DONALDSON, APPELLANTS V.
RICHARD PETERS AND JOHN GRIGG.
Copyright. From the authorities cited in the opinion of the court, and others which might be referred to, the law appears to be well settled in England, that, since the statute of 8 Anne, the literary property of an author in his works can only be asserted under the statute; and that notwithstanding the opinion of a majority of the judges in the great case of Miller v. Taylor was in favour of the common law right, before the statute; it is still considered in England as a question by no means free from doubt.
That an author at common law has a property in his manuscript, and may obtain redress against any one who deprives him of it, or by obtaining a copy endeavours to realize a profit by its publication, cannot be doubted ; but this is a very different right from that which asserts a perpetual and exclusive property in the future publication of the work, after the author shall have published it to the world,
The argument, that a literary man is as much entitled- to the product of his labour as any other member of society, cannot be controverted, And the answer is, that he realizes this product in the sale of his works, when first published.
In what respect does the right of an author differ from that of an individual who has invented a most useful and valuable machine? In the production of this, his mind has been as intensely enghged, as long and perhaps as usefully to the public, as any distinguished author in the composition of his book. The result of their labours may be equally beneficial to society ; and in their respective spheres, they may be alike distinguished for mental vigour. Does the common law give a perpetual right to the author, and withhold it from the inventor ? And yet it has never been pretended that the latter could hold, by the common law, any property in his invention, after he shall have sold it publicly. It would seem therefore that the existence of a principle which operates so unequally, may well be doubted. This is not a characteristic of the common law. It is said to be founded on principles ofjustice, and that all its rules must conform to sound reason.
That a man is entitled to the fruits of his own labours must be admitted; but he can enjoy them only, except by statutory provision, under the rules of property which regulate society, and which define the rights of things in general.
It is clear, there can be no common law-of the United States. The federal government is composed of twenty-four sovereign and independent states, each of which 11a1 have its local usages, customs and common law. There is no principle which pervades the union, and has the authority of law, that is not embodied in the constitution or laws of the union. The common law could be made a part of our system by legislative asdoption.
When a common law right is asserted, we look to the state in which the controversy originat'd.
When the ancestors of the citizens of the United States migrated to this

SUPREME COURT.
['Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
country, they brought with them, to a limited extent, the English common law, as part of their heritage. No one will contend, that the common law, as it existed in England, has ever been in force in all its provisions, in any state in this union. It was adopted only so far as its principles were suited to the condition of the colonies : and from this circumstance we see, what is the common law in one state, is not so considered in another. The judicial decisions, the usages and customs of tilreespective states, nust determine how far the common law has been introduced, and sanctione.6 in
each. If the common law, in all its provisions, has not been introduced into Penn-
sylvania, to what extent has it been adopted ? Must not this court have some evidence on the subject? If no copyright of an author, in his work, has been heretofore asserted there, no custom or "usage established, no judicial decisions been given ; can the conclusion be justified, that, by the common law of Pennsylvania, an author has a perpetual property in the copyright of his works. These considerations might well lead the court to doubt the existence of ths law ; but there are others of a more conclusive character. In the eighth section of the first article of the constitution of the United States it is declared, that congress shall have power " to promote the progress of science and the useful arts, by securing, for a limited time, to authors and inventors, the exclusive righito their respective writings and inventions." The word " secure," as used in the constitution, could not mean the protection of an acknowledged legal right. It refers to inventors, as well as authors : and it has never been pretended by any one, either in this country or in England, that an inventor has a perpptual right, at common law, to sell the thing invented. It is presumed, that the copyright recognized in the act of congress, and which was intended to be protected by its provisions, was the property which an author has, by the common law, in his manuscript, which would be protected by a court of chancery ; and this protection was given, as well to books published under the provisions of the law, as to manuscript copies. Congress, by the act of 1790, instead of sanctioning an existing perpetual right in an author in his works, created the right secured for a limited time by the provisions of that law. The right of an author to a perlpetual copyright, does not exist by the common law of Pennsylvania. No one can deny, that where the legislature are about to vest an exclusive
right in an author or in an inventor, they have the power to provide the conditions on which such right shall be enjoyed; and that no one can avail himself of such right, who does not substantiatly comply with the requisites of the law. This principle is familiar as it regards patent rights ; and it is the same irrielation to the copyright of a book. If any difference* should be made, as respects a strict conformity to the law, it would seem to be nore reasonable to make the requirement of the author, rather than of the inventor. The acts required by the laws of the United States, to be done by an author to *secure his copyright, are in the order in which they must naturally transpire. First, the. title of the book is to be deposited with the clerk, and the record he makes, must be inserted in the first or second page ; then the public notice in the newspapers is to be given ; and within, six months after the publication of the book, a iopmyust be depositedin the depnftm ent ofstate,

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
It has been said, these are unimportant acts. If they are indeed wholly unimportant, congress acted unwisely in requiring them to be done. But whether they are unimportant or not, is not for the rpourt to determine, but the legislature ; and in what light they were considered by the legislature, the court can only know by their official acts. Judging of those acts by this rule, the court are not at liberty to say, they are unimportant, and may be dispensed with: They are acts which the law requires to be done; and may this court dispense with their performance ?
The security of a copyright to an author, by the acts of congress, is not a technical grant of precedent and subsequent conditions. All the conditions are important: the law requires them to be performed, and, consequently, their performance is essential to a perfect title. On the performance of a part of them, the right vests; and this was essential to its protection under the statute : but other acts are to be done, unless congress have legislated in vain, to render this righL perfect. The notice could not. be published until after the entry with the clerk; nor could tile book he deposited with the secretary of state until it was published. But they are acts not less important than those which are required to be done previously. They form a part of the title; and until they are performed the title is not perfect.
Every. requisite under both the acts of congress relative to copyrights, is essential to the title.
The acts cf congress authorizing the appointment of a reporter of the decisions of the supreme court of the United States, require the delivery of eighty copies of each volume of the reports to the department of state. The delivery of these copies does not exonerate the reporter from the deposite of a copy in the department of state, required under the copyright act'of congress of 1790. The eighty copies delivered under the reporter's act, are delivered for a different purpose, anti cannot excuse the deposite of one volume as especially required by the copyright acts.
No reporter of the decisions of the supreme court has, nor can he have, any copyright in the written opinions delivered by the court: and the judges of the court cannot confer on any reporter any such right.
APPEAL from the circuit court of the United States for the eastern district of Pennsylvania.
The case as stated in the opinion of the court was as follows:
"The complainants in their bill state, that Henry Wheaton is the author of twelve books or volumes, of the reports of cases argued and adjudged in the supreme court of the United States, and commonly known as 'Wheaton's Reports;' which contain a connected and complete series of the decisions of said court, from the year 1816 until the year 1827. That before the first volume was published, the said Wheaton sold and transferred his copyright in the said volume to Matthew Carey of Philadelphia; who, before the publication, deposited a printed
copy of the title page of the volume in the clerk's office of the district court of the eastern. district of Pennsylvania, where he
VOL. VIII.-3 Z

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
resided. That the same was recorded by the said clerk according to laW, and that a copy of the said record was caused by said Carey to be inserted at full length inthe page immediately following the title of said book. And the complainants further state, that they have been informed-and believe, that all things which are necessary and requisite to be done in and by the provisions of the acts df congress of the United States, passed the 31st day of May 1790 and the 29th day of April 1802, for the purpose of securing to authors and proprietors the copyrights of books, and for other purposes, in order to entitle the said Carey to the benefit of the said acts; have been done.
"It is further stated, that said Carey afterwards conveyed the copyright in the said volume to Matthew Carey, Henry C. Carey and Isaac Lea, trading under the firm of Matthew Carey and Sons; and that said firm, in the year 1821, transferred the said copyright to the complainant, Robert Donaldson. That this purchase was made by an arrangement with the said Henry Wheaton, with the expectation of a renewal of the right of the said Henry Wheaton under the provisions of the said acts of congress; of which renewal he, the said Robert Donaldson, was to have the benefit, until the first and second editions (,f the said volume which lie, the said Donaldson, was to publish, should be sold. That at the time the purchase was made from Carey and Sons, a purchase was also made of the residue of the first edition of the firstvolume, which they had on hand ; and in the year 1827 he published another edition of said volume, a part of which still remains unsold.
"The bill further states, that for the purpose of continuing to the said Henry Wheaton the exclusive right, under the provisions of the said acts of congress, to the copy of.the said volume for the further term of fourteen years, after the expiration of the term of fourteen years from the recording of. the title of the said volume in the clerk's office as aforesaid; the said Robert Donaldson, as the agent of Wheaton, within six months before the expiration of the said first terni of fourteen years, deposited a printed copy of the title of the said volume in the clerk's office of the district court of the southern district of New York, where the said Wheaton then resided; and caused the said title to be
a second time recorded in the said clerk's office; and also caused a copy of the said record to be a second time published

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
in a newspaper printed in the said city of New York, for the space of four weeks, and delivered a copy of the said book to the secretary of state of the United States; and that all things were done agreeably to the provision of. the said act of congress of May 31st, 1790, and within six months before the expiration of the said term of fourteen years.
"The same allegations are made as to all the other volumes which have been published; that the entry was made in the clerk's office and notice given by publication in a newspaper, before the publication of each volume ; and that a copy of each volume was deposited in the department of state.
"The complainants charge, that the defendants have lately published and sold, or caused to be sold, a volume called ' Condensed Reports of Cases in the Supreme Court of the United States,' containing the whole series of the decisions of the court from its organization to tle commencement of Peters's Reports at January term 1827. That this volume contains, without any material abbreviation or alteration, all the reports of cases in the said first volume of Wheaton's Reports, and that the publication and sale thereof is a direct violation of the complainants' rights, and an injunction, &c. is prayed.
The defendants in their answer deny that their publication was an infringement of the complainants' copyyright, if any Uney had ; and further deny that they had any such right, they not having complied with all the requisites to the vesting of such right' under the acts of congress."
The bill of the complainants was dismissed by the decree of the circuit court; and-they appealed to this court.(a)
The case was argued by Mr Paine and Mr Webster, for the appellants; and by Mr Ingersoll, by a printed argument, and Mr Sergeant, for the defendants.
Mr Paine, for the appellants, contended: 1. An author was entitled, at common law, to a perpetual property in the copy of his works, and in the profits of their
ia'The case was decided in the circuit court by Judge HoPJuRNSON, MI Justice BIDW IN having been absent on the arguneit and decision thereof.
The opiuioui of*hudgc IlaohiIIson is inztited ill th Apipendix. No. 11.

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.
publication ; and to recover damages for its injury, by an action on the case; and to the protection of a court of equity.
The laws of all countries recognize an author's property in his productions. In England, beyond all question, an author had, atcommon law, the sole and exclusive property in his copy. This was decided in Miller v. Taylor, 4 Burr. 2303. This property was placed by its defenders, and they finally prevailed, upon the foundation of natural right; recognized by the laws, ordinances, usages and judicial decisions of the kingdom, from the first introduction of printing.
The opponents of literary property insisted, that an author had no natural right to his copy; and resorting to those laws which are supposed to have governed property before the social compact, they maintained, that because the copy was incapable of possession it was impossible to have property in it. Mr J. Yates, the great opponent of literary propearty, and who has probably said all that ever was or can be said against it, urges that it is impossible to appropriate ideas more than the light or air (4 Burr. 2357, 2365) ; forgetting that books are not made up of ideas alone, but are, and necessarily must be clothed in a language, and embodied in a form, which give them an individuality and identity, that make them mole distinguishable than any other personal property can be. A watch, a table, a guinea, it might be difficult to identify ; but a book never. Cited Blackstone's Commentary and Christian's notes, to show the nature of literary property.
The court are referred to the able opinions of Willis, J. Aston, J., and.Lord Mansfield, in Miller v. Taylor, 4 Burr. 2310, 2335, 2395. They agreed not only, that an author had a property at common law, but that it was perpetual : notwithstanding the statute of Anne.
Not long after that decision, however, the question as to the perpetuity of an author's property, was brought before the house of lords; and it was there decided, that it was not perpetual, its duration being limited by the statute of Anne. Yet even upon this point, the twelve judges were equally divided (if we include Lord Mansfield, who did not vote, as he was a peer), and there were eleven out of twelve who maintained, thai an author had a property at comtnon law, in his copy. See Donaldson v. Beckett, 4 Burr. 2408 ; 2,Br. P. C. 129.

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
The decrees of the star chamber show, that that court admitted and protected authors, as early as 1556. Maughant 12, 13. Ordinances of parliament, as early as 1641-, recognize and protect the owner's propertyin his copy. These ordinances were several times repealed. MatighIrn 13, 14. In 1662 and 1679, acts of parliament were passed, prohibiting any person from printing, without the cqnsent of the owner of the copy. Maugham 15, 16.
In the reign of Charles II., there were several cases in tile courts, in which the ownership of the copy by authors is treated as the ancient common law: and in one case, the case in Croke's Reports, the right of the author was sustained, even against the claim of the king's prerogative to publish all law books. Chief Justice Hale presided. Maugham 19; 4 Burr. 2316.
In the reign of Anne, when the perpetual ownership of literary property wats thus firmly established, the booksellers, annqyed by the -piracy of unprincipled and irresponsible adventurers, applied to parliament for protection. A bill was accordinglkr brought in for the purpose, entitled "an act to secure the property of authors." In committee, its title was changed to that of " an act to vest authors with their copies, for the times therein mentioned." Maugham 20 -27. And the act declared, thatauthors should havean exclusiveright for twentyone years aiid no longer. In this shape it was passed.
Notwithstanding te strong and explicit, terms of the statute of Anne, both as to vesting the author with his right, and limitingits duration, (terms not to be found in our act); the courts, by an uninterrupted series of decisions, from the passing of the statute down to the case of Donaldson v. Beckett, maintained, that an author still had his original perpetual common law right and property; and we have seet, that had Lord Mansfield voted in that case, the twelve judges would have been equally divided.
For a review of the common law property of an author, and of the legislationi upon the subject in Englanid and the United States, cited, the American Jurist, vol. 10, p. 61, &c., No. for July 1833.
21T.he common law property of an auth6r is not taken away by the constitution of the United States. T'he states have not

SUPRE ME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
surrendered to the union their whole power over copyrights, but retain a power concurrent with the power of congress ; so far, that an author may enjoy his common law property, and be entitled to common law remedies, independently of the acts of congress. It is one of those concurrent powers, where the power of the state cease6, only when it actually conflicts with the exercise of the powers of congress.
In the constitutional clause relating to the rights of authors and inventors, there are two subjects, distinct enough in themselves, and only united by the form of expression. This comprehensiveness of expression, we know, belongs to the constitution; and that the aim of its framers was brevity. The expression is not sp importaht, for in that instrument we are to look for substance and intention.
Although united in this clause, and for the same purpose of being secured by congress, the subjects of patents and of copyrights have litte analogy. They are so widely different, that the one is property, the other a legalized monopoly. The one may be held and enjoyed without injury to others ; the other cannot, without great prejudice. The one is a natural right, the other in soiie measure against natural right.
But because they both come from invention or mental labour, and in addition, because they are so joined in the constitution ; we have become accustomed to regard them as in all respects alike, and equally depen~dcnt on the legislative favour for existe ce and protection.
Upon this point the counsel for the appellants argued at large, that the principles which applied to copyrights were different from those which regulated the property of inventions secured by a patent. That they were inserted in the clause of the constitution for brevity and *comprehensiveness. That the framers of the constitution probably designed to give congress the complete and exclusive power over patents ; but it did not follow from this, that the same was introduced in relation rto copyrights.
It is important to examine the true rules of construction which are applicable to this clause in the constitution.
This is the first instance in which this court has been called upon to pronounce, whether the power given in this clause is an exclusive or a concurrent power; or as to the extent of the

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
.power conferred by it on congress. Consequently the rules est ' lied as to the construction of that instrument,. have all been in relation to other powers, and.powers of a very different character.
All the other powers in the constitution conferred on congress or yielded by the states, are national or political, and for national and political purposes. This is the only instance of a power being conferred, unless incidentally, over private property. This is a power over private property, not incidental to a national power, but with an immediate, primary and single reference to the property. The rule of construction as to the grant of the political and national powers may not be suited to this. It has been held as to them, that a rule of strict construction was not to be adopted.
But the question here is as to private right. And the ques-. tion is whether the constitution takes away a private right, or property at common law. And why should we not apply the same rule of construction to such a constitutional provision, as we do to a statute, in derogation of common law right? The rule is, that such statutes are to be construed strictly, because they abridge the right. The reasoi of the rule extends to the constitution, whenever it is in derogation of common right. For this rule see 10 Mod. 282; 4 Bac. Ab. 550, 650.
Other common law rules in relation to statutes affecting private rights or common law rights, would seen to be peculiarly applicable to this clause of the constitution ; although they may not be generally referred to as guides in construing the constitution. These will be found in I B). Com. 87; 1 Inst. 111, 115; 1 Bl. Coin. 89; Plowd. Rep. 206; 13 Mod. 118; Plowd. 113; 1 Bac. 11, 18, 38;,1 Bac. 3, 5; 2 Burr. 803, 805 ; Coin. Dig. Action on"Stat. C. G. ; Salk. 212 ; 19 Vin. Ab. Stat. E 6; 1 Story's Coin. 436, 384, 3087, 397, 411, 401; Martin v. Huntc , 1 Wheat. Rep. 326, 410.
With these general guides of construction, it is inquired
whether the power granted to congress by the constitution transfers the whole subject of property of authors to the exclusive anuthotity and control of, congress; so that the property of an author ceases to exist at all, without the legislation of congress: or whether it leaves the author in the enjoyment of his

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
property, as he had it before the adoption of the constitution; and merely attempts to improve what; was supposed to be an imperfect, enjoyment by authorizing congress to secure it.
This is not the question whether the power is concurrent or exclusive. If the author's common law property is not taken away, nor made wholly dependent upon the legislation of congress ; but if congress possess the mere partial power to secure it, then the property remains as at common law, subject to state legislation,%and the auxiliary legislation of congress. Thd question now is simply as to a right of property. If we take the rules above cited from Mr Justice Story's Commentaries as guides of interpretation ; can there be a question as to the nature of the.delegation of power, or its extent or amount . The delegation is to secure exclusive rights; not to grant property or confirhn property, or grant rights or confirm or establish rights, but to secure rights.
We are wiibg to adinit that this language is broad enough, and is adapted td transfer to congress the whole legislation and control over patents. There is at common law no property in them ; there is not even a legal right entitled to protection. They have a moral or equitable right, but unknown to the law. Congress, therefore, when authorised to secure their rights, are authorised to do every thing ; and full power over the subject is delegated to them.
But it does not follow, that because congress are authorised to create de novo, and to secure the right to patents by mere force of the word secipre, that they are therefore authorised by force of that word to create de novo, and then secure copyrights. For a very different process would then take place in relation to the two things. In creating patents they take nothing away. They deprive the inventor of no property. He had nothing. and they gave him all merely by securing. But. if by the word secure, they are atithorised to give an author all that he is afterwards to possess, the operation effects a total deprivation of his common law property. 8O that to allow the word "1 secure," to confer the same power over copyrights, as over rights-to inventions, is to make it a woid of totally different meaning and import in the one case, from the other. The langi age isnot broad enough, nor is it adapted to the taking,

JA UARY TERM 1834.
tWheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
away of property or pre-existing rights. We are therefore to reject the, argument, that a copyright must exist and be held .solely under the constitution; because patent rights must be.
What is there then in the delegation of the power to secure an author's exclusive rights, which should be construed to deprive him of his property, and make him dependent wholly on the security provided? Are not the words in themselves plain and clear-; and is not the sense arising from them distinct and perfect? and if so, is interpretation admissible ? and if not, isn,ot the question settled? For it never can be pretended that the naked words, authorising congress to secure rights, take away or affect the property inw-hich those rights exist.
There would seem to be nothing, therefore, in the plain meaning of the word secure, which should alter, affect, or take away an author's property in his writings. Indeed, it seems too plain to admit of aigument, that when the constitution
authoriges congress to secure an acknowledged pre-existing right, and does not authorize them to grant it; it is an express declaration that it subsists, and is to subsist, independently of
their power.
But it may be said, that all the author can ask, or have, is security for his rights, and that tlis is all he had at common law: and that the constitutional clause does not take away his security, or any part of it, but only transfers to congress the power and duty to secure him, which before belonged to the
states.
We answer, that if this construction is derived from the import of the words themselves, it is strained beyond all bounds allowed by the rules of construction. There is the strongest reason to believe, from the language of the constitution, that those who framed it, adopted it with a particular view to preserve the common law right to copyrights untouched. If this clause in the constitution is to be construed as taking away the author's common law right, it deprives him of a part of the security he had at common law; and does mote than merely transfer to congress a power and duty which before belonged to the states. It is, then, asked, whether the word secure can- be found to possess any such meaning as to take away, and diminish, and disturb, either by the common law or constitutional rules of construction.
voL. vi,.-4 A

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
The meaning of the clause of the constitution, when tried by the usual rules of interpretation, is shown to be as contended by the appellants. Cited, 19 Viner's Abr. 510, E. 6; and see 2 Inst. 2d ed. ; Plowden 113 ; 1 Ch. P1. 144 ; Almy v. Harris, 5 Johns. Rep. 175; The President, &c. of the Farmers' Turnpike Road v. Coventry, 10 Johns. Rep. 389.
Chief Justice Marshall (12 Wheat. 653, 654) lays great stress on the framers of the constitution having been acquainted with the principles of the common law, and acting in reference to them. Most of them were able lawyers; and certainly able lawyers drew up, and revised the instrument. Are we, then, to believe, that if they had any design to lake away the common law right, or to authorize congress to take it away o to impair it; they would, knowing the rules of construction cited, and like common law maxims, have used the language they have? There is the strongest reason to believe, from the language, it was adopted for the purpose of preserving it, and to reserve from congress any power over it. This probability arises, almost irresistibly, from the language used; and under the circumstances that it was used.
The case of Donaldson v. Beckett was decided in the house of lords in 1774. This case, and all the law on this subject, discussed and decided by it, must have been known to the lawyers of the convention. The opinion of the judges in the case of Miller v. Taylor, must also have been familiar to them.
From the statute of Anne, then, down to 1774, there had
been in England a continual contest' about the words of that statute, and whether it was a statute to secure a right already existing. It agitated the literary world especially, because it belonged to them; and it agitated the courts. Cases of unequalled importance arose out of, and were decided upon the use of these words. Yeates, J. calls the case of Miller v. Taylor, a case of "great expectation." This case occurred in 1769, and immediately followed the still greater case of Donaldson v. Beckett, in which the twelve judges gave each an opinion in the house of lords. These cases, therefore, occurred and were reported a few years before -the adoption of the constitution.
Had the convention designed to take away, or to authorize congless to take away the common law property, they would

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
have used the words vest, or grant; and would have carefully avoided the word secure.
But what reason can be discovered why the framers of the constitution should wish, or intend to take away, or authorize congress to take away the common law right. What was the mischief they had in view ?
Will it be said that the public have rights as well as the author; and that it is impolitic to allow a perpetual right ? Suppose we grant it. Yet, what has the constitution to do with a mischief like this ? It does not require a national power to cure it. The states were fully adequate to provide a remedy themselves. And the states gave congress no powers, which they could as well exercise themselves. Will it be pretended that the states could not regulate, limit or take away the right within their own territories; and that it was necessary to empower congress to do it ?
Will it be said that it was de'signed to take from the states their power over copyright, lest, if a state were to protect the rights of authors, the citizens of other states might be curtailed of their rights within that state ? The answer is obvious. No person can have any rights opposed to the author's. He
has the property, and it cannot stand in the way of another's property or rights. Besides, the objection goes to the whole of state legislation on any subject : for a state may, by its laws, curtail or affect the rights of citizens of other states, in other particulars, and why be so careful to prevent them in this? As we have already shown, copyrights have, in these respects, nbne of the mischiefs attending them which attend a right to inventions.
There could be but one possible motive for making copyrights a national concern; and that was because the states might not, or could not, individually, afford them a just protection. * From this single motive, what intention are we to infer? That., and that only, apparent on the face of the constitution. An intention to secure the right.
Why is it, however, that if the public good was had in view, by the framers of the constitution, and not the author's benefit singly, either as regards patents or copyrights, that they did not undertake to guard the citizens of the several states against the protection which the states might afford to inventions intro-

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
duced from abroad. For that, as well as for the printing of foreign books, a state might, if it chose, grant monopolies. But this, and other mischiefs to spring from state legislation, it was thought proper to provide against.
It is contended that the case of copyrights is one within the concurrent powers of the United States, and the states. It is not within either of those kinds of exclusive powers enumerated in the Federalist (No. 34), but belongs to the other class of powers.
What is the power here? A power to secure the right of authors. And the question is whether the states may not protect and enforce the common law right, while the United States secure it. Is such a power totally and absolutely contradictory and repugnant ? Is it not, on the contrary, perfectly consistent with the other. It is as consistent as a common law remedy is with a statute remedy; it is the same thing. Both may exist and act in concert, and no conflict can occur, unless the state undertakes to deprive an author of what congress has secured to him.. If that were a reason for taking away the state power, it would be a reason for depriving them of all power, for so long as they have power to legislate, they can pass laws to interrupt those of congress. It is impossible to imagine a case where a power of congress could receive so little interruption from the legislation of the states; because this is a power primarily over private right, and not for national purposes ; and it is the only one of the kind in the constitution.
The opinions of this court have been uniform, that a concurrent power in cases like this, might exist and be exercised by the states. See Houston v. Moore, 5 Wheat. Rep. 48 to 56 ; also Mr Justice Story's Commentaries 421 to 433.
It is believed that if the states have resigned to congress their power over copyrights, and have none remaining in themselves, yet that they have given the power to congress with a qualification and limitation, and have confined it in their hands, as they had power to do, simply to securing the right of the author. If they have any power besides this, it is merely to abridge the period.
Next. Have congress impaired the author's right ? That is, supposing the common law remedies to be gone, and that

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaten and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
the author can have no remedy unless he has published the record, and deposited the copy in the secret~ry of state's office.
It is answered that they have most essentially. They have entirely changed, and unnecessarily, the i hole title which aA author had at common law, and the evidence on which it rested. They have taken from him the natural common law title, and the evidence to support it; and have given him one of a most artificial and difficult chardcter. And i not a man's title to property, his evidence of ownership, a part of the property itself, a part of its value? Is it not this which distinguishes real from personal estate, in some measure; and gives, it a higher character ? Suppose a man were to lose his title deeds, or one of them, what would be the value of his property?
What title had a man before the statute, and what has he now? Before the statute, it -was sufficient for him to prove himself the author. This he could do by proof, in pais, in a thousand ways. The proof of this is easy and imperishable, because it is the natural proof. The name of the author on the book, possession and claim of title alone, or first publication, would be prima facie sufficient evidence. And these are inherent, and inseparable from almost every case as a part
of its natural incidents. But suppose he must, as is contended, prove a compliance
with the requisites of the statutes. He is driven from all his safe and easy common law proof. There can be no such thing as prima facie evidence offered. Must he prove the publication for four successive weeks, forty-two years after it was made? 'Is he to keep a file of newspapers, and if he does, what proof has he of publication? How is he to prove the delivery of the volume? The law provides for no record. He must call a witness, and then he cannot be safe for forty-two years, unless he files a bill to perpetuate testimony. The evidence in the case establishes the difficulty of such proof. Can a statute, which thus loads a right with burthensome and needless regulations, and makes it wholly dependent on accidental mistake or omission, where it was free from them both, be said not to impair an author's common law right of property ?
If, then, congress have not the power to impair the author's propery, and if the requisites as to publication and delivery of

SUPREME COURT.
(Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
the copy, if made conditions precedent, do impair it; they are so far unconstitutional ; and the appellants have a right to claim the benefit of the act without performing them.
4. A citizen of one state has the same common law property in his copy, in other ctates, as the citizens of these states can have; and the common law property exists in the state of Pennsylvania: consequently, the complainants are entitled to a copyright at common law in that state, and can have a remedy, in the circuit court of the United States, for its violation, independently of the provisions of the act of congress; the citizenship of the parties giving the state jurisdiction.
The constitution of the United States provides, that "the citizens of each state shall be entitled to all privileges and immuoities of citizens of the several states."
The constitution, by this provision, designed to make, and does in fact make us one nation, living under the same laws. It designed to give to all the citizens of the United States, not merely the benefits and privileges secured to them by national laws, but the benefit of all the laws of all the states, and the privileges conferred by them. Under this provision, a citizen of New York has all the privileges of the laws of Pennsylvania, whatever they may be.
It is this provision which makes us one nation, and this only. It is this alone which gives to all the citizens of the United States uniform and equal civil rights throughout all the territories of the nation. Other constitutional provisions secure political advantages; but without this we should be a mere league, and not a nation. We should be several distinct nations. Vattel says (p. 159, book i. ch. 19), "t he whole of a country possessed by a nation, and subject to its laws, forms, as we have said, its. territories, and it is a conimon country of all the individitials of the nation."
In this sense of a nation, this provision of the constitution makes us one ; and makes all the states the common, country of all the individuals- of the nation.
An author then, who is a citizen of one of the states, is entitled to have his property in his copy protected in every other state, accordirg to the laws of such state; without the aid of any national law. The only question is, do the laws of the state give an author a property i his copy ;. for if they do, who

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg]'
shall say he is not entitled to enjoy his property under such laws, as much as any other kind of property ? Has not a citizen of New York a right to hold lands, or any other kind of property under the laws of Pennsylvania 1' And if that state were to attempt to deprive him of'the same rights as her own citizens enjoy, would it not be a violation of this clause of the constitution ? The truth is, a citizen of New York is, so far as all his civil rights and privileges are concerned, a citizen of Pennsylvania. See Mr Justice Story's Commentaries 674, 675.
An author's copyright at common law exists in Pennsylvania.
The American colonies brought hither, as their birthright and inheritance, the common law, so far as it was applicable to their situation. Judge Chase, in United States v. W'orrall, 1 Dal]. Rep. 384.
Chief Justice M'Kean, in 1 DalIl Rep. 67, says, the common law has always been in force in Pennsylvania. Statutes made before the settlement of the province have no force, unless convenient, and adapted to the circumstances of the country ; all made since, have no force, unless the colonies are named. See also page 74.
There never was a statute in Pennsylvania e ative to copyright; and the statute of Anne was passed atter the settlement of that state : the common law therefore prevails there.
5. The publication of the record in the newspapers, and the delivery of the copy to the secretary of state, are not made conditions precedent at all by the acts of congress, or if at all, only as to the right to the security provided by the acts. A non observance of the statutory directions in these particulars, does not deprive the author of the ordinary remedies by an action on the case and bill in equity. Besides, the publication of the record, and delivery of: the copy, were at most intended only as a means of notice of the author's right; and actual notice, in this case abundantly shown, dispenses with those modes of constructive notice.
After stating the particular provisions of the act of 1790, the counsel proceeded to argue, that, on the proper construction of the act, the publication of the record, or the delivery of the copy, is not in any way-connected with the right; and the delivery of the copy has nothing to do, even with the penalties

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
and forfeitures imposed by it. The provisions of the act are, in some respect, similar to those of the statute of Anne; and it must have been drawn with reference to it. Congress, by this law, did not think proper to'impose all the penalties which are found in the act of Anne; because they were engaged in discharging their constitutional power of securing the author's right.
The copy to the secretary of state is a mere donation from the author. Congress give him no equivalent for it. The clerk is paid for the record; and what do government give the nuthor for the copy, but security ? Have they a right to sell the security ; to put a price on the exercise of their constitutional powers? What right does the constitution give them to require a donation from the author ? And will it :be believed, that they intended to forfeit his property if he did not furnish it? . The month which may elapse after the right attaches, and before publication, and the six months before depositing the copy; show, that these things are not conditions precedent.
Natural rights are generally known by their own incidents. Property alWays carries with it its own indicia of ownership; and literary property not less than any other. The superaddition of record evidence, the highest known to law and all that is required of ownership of real estate, was probably deemed sufficient by congress; and they, therefore, required no other of the right of an author. It would be a fair presumption, that when they had required enough, they would not go on to require a superfluity.
But the publication of the record and delivery of the copy have been held, by a very numerous, learned and able court, on full argument (the court of errors in Connecticut, composed of the twelve judges), to be only directory; and to have nothing to do, with the author's right. Nicholas v. Ruggles, 3 Day's
Rep. 145. But it is said, that although the publication and delivery of
the copy, are not conditions precedent by the act of 1790, they are made so by the act of 1802 ; and that this has been decided in the case of Ewer v. Coxe, 4 Wash. 487, as to the publication of the record.
The counsel then proceeded to comment on the decision of Mr Justice Washington, in the case referred to; denying that

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v,Peters and Grigg.]
the language said by him to be contained in the first section of the act of 1802, was contained in it; and asserting that the meaning of the words used in the section, had been strained by the judge. He contended, that the act of 1802 was not intended to operate on the provisions of the preceding law, but only to refer to them as established by that law. There is no enacting language in the latter law; and without enacting language, it can be no enactment.
It is the duty of this court, before it allows property to be sacrificed, even if the words of an act are clear and free froni doubt on their face; to look carefully at the intention of the legislature, to look at the spirit of the law and its consequences, and at the old law, the mischief and the remedy.
The counsel then went into -an examination of both the statutes, for the purpose of showing that, applying these principles, the construction of those acts should be such as was maintained by the appellants. In the course of this exanination, he cited, 19 Vin. Abr. 510, E. 6; Plowd. 111 ; 2 Institutes 200 ; 1 Bl. Com. 87 ; University v. Beyer, 16 East 316 ; Postmaster General v. Early, 12 Wheat. 148.
The act of 1802 does not make the publication and delivery conditions precedent, because it is impossible they should be so. The first act vests the right on recording the title. It then gives two months to publish the record, and six months to deliver the copy. A condition precedent is an act to be done precedently; and it is impossible to publish the record until the record is first made, and the right attaches on rnaking the record.
The act of 1802 declares that the author, "before he shall be entitled to the benefit of the act" of A793, shall, "in addition to the requisites," &c. Now what was the benefit of that act? It is entitled an act to secure the author's right; and the power of congress is to secure the right, i. e. an existing right. How does the act secure the right? Only by penalties and forfeitures. It gives no action on the case, no bill in equity; and if it had given them, it would have been, as to them, wholly inoperative, for no court had jurisdiction of them. What then was meant by ; what, in fact, was, the "benefit of that act ." Certainly the penalties and forfeitures; nothing else. We
VOL. Wiu,.4B

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
claim the benefit of the act of 1819, which expressly gives a bill in equity, and the circuit court jurisdiction.
It is in vain to say that the acts in question are.conditions precedent to the right. The right itself is recognised by the constitution and law, as an existing right; and the right is not given by the act, but is only secured by it. The security, as we have shown, is the penalties and forfeitures, 'which we do not now claim. The action on the case is a remedy founded on the right, and not on the statute which gives none. And this bill is founded on the right, and on the act of 1819. We, therefore, get neither the, right nor remedy from the act of 1790; and what benefit do we claim from it ?
In support of the construction thus contended for, were cited, Rules of Construction found in 6 Bac. Abr. 379, Statute 1, pl. 1; 383, pl.4,5; 387, pl. 6; 391, pl. 10; 19 Vin. Abr. 519, Statute E. 6, pl. 86 ; 520, pl. 96 ; 525, pl. 129 ; 524, pl. 119; 528, pl. 156 ; 5 Vin. Abr. Condition 2 a. pl. 2, 3, 4, 5; 528, pl. 154, 158.
It is agreed that the object of the requisites in the act is to give notice, and statutes, however strong their language or positive their enactments, which require things to be done ior nfotice, are held not to apply; and that their provisions need not be complied with, where actual notice is proved. Such are the registry acts, and other similar acts, which declare that instruments shall be absolutely void if not recorded. Le Nev6 v. Le Nev6, 2 Atk. Rep. 650; Jackson ex dem. v. Burgett, 10 Johns.Rep. 460; Jackson ex dem. v. West, 10 Johns.
Rep. 466. It is fully shown.by the evidence that the defendant had
notice; and a part of that evidence shows that the claim of the appellant, Mr Wheaton, was admitted.
The rule is that the provisions of the registry acts do not apply except in cases of bona fide purchasers. What is a bona fide parchaser A purchaser without notice ; no matter what his property, or his attempt to get it, has cost him. Is Mr Peters a bonafide purchaser ?
It is objected that the record of some volumes is taken out as author and proprietor. In answer we say, it is the clerk's duty to make out the record; and we cannot be held to forfeit our property, because he has not done it correctly.

JANUARY TERM 1834.
(Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
But the record is right. As author, and not having parted with the right, Mr Wheaton was also proprietor. The act is adapted to a proprietor as well as author, and to enable a proprietor who is not the author to secure a copyright. In our case Mr Wheaton is described as author, and the super-addition of proprietor is mere surplusage.
6. The directions of the acts of congress as to the publication of the record and delivery of the copy to the secretary of state; and the renewal of the right to the first volume have been complied with; and the complainants have~offered all the proof they are bound to offer of those facts.
In support of these positions, the counsel referred to the evidence in the record.
As to the delivery of copies to the secretary of state, he stated, that the law is silent as to any proof. It directs no memorandum of the deposit to be made. The presumption, therefore, is, that none is made. And, in fact, 'they did not begin to make any until about the close of these volumes.
It appears, that certificates were given, sometimes, latterly. But the law does not direct them, does not know them; and why should one take them ? Would they be evidence of any thing if he had them ? And Mr Brent proves the greatest irregularity as regards certificates and memoranda. Mr Carey proves the same thing.
But the law does say, that the secretary of state shall preserve the copies in his office. This then is the evidence required by law, that the volumes have always been in his office, since within six months of theit publication. And this is proved by Mr Brent's deposition. The volumes are and have been there. It is for them to show that they were not placed there by us under the law.
How can we prove, by parol, facts which occurred from sixteen to seventeen years before the proof taken in this cause? The proof must be by parol; and such proof the law presumes to be out of men's power after the lapse of six years. Without the copies having actually been found there, the law would presume that an act enjoined by law to be performed, was performed after such a lapse of time. It. would presume it, in favour of right and natural justice against a wrong doer. See

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
a case of presumption, even of the enrolment of articles of apprenticeship, against positive evidence to the contrary. The King v. The Inhabitants of Long Buckley, 7 East 45.
But we have proved, positively, by the evidence of Mr Bient, that eighty copies of every volume were delivered under the reporter's salary act, within the six months after publication. The four acts of congress allowing the reporter his salary, also provide, that he shall within six months deliver eighty copies to the secretary of state ; one of which he is to keep and transmit to his successor in office, of course to be preserved in the office.
The fact is, that eighty-one copies were sent, but the law giving the salary, not requiring more than eighty, the papers in the department under these acts speak of but eighty ; and all being sent to the department together, is the reason why there was no minute, or memorandum, (r certificate, as in some cases under the copyright law.
And is not this within the letter of the copyright law, the delivery of the eighty copies alone? And if we have complied with the letter of the law, ought it not to save us from a forfeiture of our property . Is it not within the spirit of the law ? The judge in the cotrrt below insists it is for notice ; the counsel insist it is for notice. And is it not as good notice, if it is there under one law, as under the other ? But the judge who decided the case below says, that it is not required under the salary law-to be kept in the office. It is submitted, that it is as much required to be kept there under one law as another. At all events, the condition, if it be a condition precedent, is substantially performed by it ; and this, as has been shown, is sufficient.
The copyright for the firsL volume of Wheaton's Reports was renewed in New York, the place of residence of the author. This was done before the publication of any volume of the Condensed Reports, containing any of the matter in Wheaton's Reports. Mr Wheaton had not parted with his property in them ; and by the third section of the act of 1790, it is required that the title shall be deposited, and the record made in "the clerk's office of the district court where the author shall reside."
Law reports, likoe other books, are objects of literary property;

JANUARY TERM 1834.
EWheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Giigg.]
and Mr Wheaton was the author of the reports in question in this case, and entitled to the copyright in them. The other complainant, Mr Donaldson, has a limited property in the copy by assignment from Mr Wheaton.
It was never doubted in England, that law reports were the subject of copyright. The only question was, whether the prerogative of the crown did not monopolize all law books, so as to exclude an author's right. Cited in support of this point, Roper v. Streater, Skin. Rep. 234 ; 4 Burr. 2316, 2403 ; Tonson v. Walker, 3 Swanston 673; 3 Ves. 709; 2 Bro. ParI. Cases 100.
The prerogative right, however, is now abandoned, nnd has long been in England. Maugham, 104, says, " it is now treated as perfectly ridiculous." Godson says the same thing (Patents 322, 323). See 4 Burrows 2415, 2416, as to the reason of-the prerogative. It there appears the king introduced printing into England.
It is not necessary, however, to produce cases to prove a right so obvious, until cases are produced or principles established which show that it does not exist. There are necessarily but few cases, because the right has not been questioned. One fact is enough, without cases. We know the great price of law reports in England, and we know, of course, that but one person does publish, viz. the proprietor: that there are never conlemporaucous editions of the same reports: that a single whole edition is exhausted before another is published, and sotietimes lstsl half a century. Why is this ? Who prevents enterprize 1nd cupidity from participating in this field ? What can it be except the copyright ?
As to the objection that the matter of which the report is composed is not original ; we answer this is wholly unnecessary in copyright* There is no analogy in that respect between copyrights and patents. A wan who makes an Encyclopedia may ha"e a copyright, although he does not write a word ot it. And w.Carey v. Kearsley, 4 Esp. Rep. 168, where it was attempted to show that the survey in which the copyright was claimed, was made at the expense of the post office, and that the copyright belonged to the post office, Lord Ellonborough said, " I do not know that that will protect the defendant. At law the first publisher, even though he has abused his trust

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton-and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
by procuring the copy, has a right to it; and to an action against the person who publishes it without authority from him."
The salary of the reporter was iever designed to be a compensation in full, and to deprive him of his, copyright. Had such an effect been intended, or thought of, it would have been expressed. It stipulates an equivalent for the sum allowed him, or a greater part of it, viz, eighty copies. When congress, by the last reporter's act, reduced the price of the volime to fi e dollars, the copyright was considered.
M(IWr heaton published his first volume without a salary. He had been appointed reporter by the court, and was 'looking to the profits of the copy as his only compensation. But it was found unequal to the labour and time, and in truth no compensation. In this state of things, to enable him to go on, congress give him one thousand dollars (for which he gives them bark eighty copies) ; and say nothing of its being an equivalent for his copyright. The copyright was established in England, and in this country, befdre the law was passed. And is established pro'erty to be taken away by implication ? Does any one believe that Mr Wheaton would have spent half a year or more in making and publishing these reports, if he had supposed he had not the copyright? After deducting the eighty copies, the thousand dollars would not leave enough to pay the expenses of a gentleman in Washington during the term, and going and coming. Besides, he took steps to secure his copyright every year. It was considered a copyright book. Congress saw this and knew it. Their laws with him were contracts, made under a full knowledge of existing facts. And shall it be said, when they made no exception of the copyright, and knew that he relied on it, that they intended to deprive him of it ? It would have been a fraud unworthy of'congress;, as it would have been disgraceful to an individual. Other reporters in this country, in the state courts, who had salaries, had always secured their copyright; (even Mr Peters has secured his), and the right to do so was never doubted.
Mr Wheaton published the first volume without salary; consequently this objection cannot apply to that.
As to the cases and abstracts, they are clearly Mr Wheaton's own composition. He acquired the right to the opinions by judges' gift. They invited him to attend at his own expense

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheatoi and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
and report the cases; and there was at least a tacit engagement on their part to furnish him with such notes or written opinions as they might draw up. This needs no proof: it is the course of things, and is always done. The mere appointment proves all this. Was this engagement, this understanding, ever altered 1 Do not the judges of this court know thatlMr Wheaton believed he was acquiring a property in his reports ? Did they not suppose he would be entitled to it, if he took the necessary steps to secure it ?
Were not the opinions of the judges their own to give away . Are opinions matter of record, as is pretended ? Was such a thing ever heard of? They cannot be matters of record, in the usual sense of the term. Record is a word of determinate signification; and there is no law or custom to put opinions upon record, in the proper sense of that term. Nor were they ever put on record in this case. They were given, to Mr Wheaton, in the first instance. Blackstone, 1 Comm., 71, 72, shows that the reasons of the court are not matter of record.
The copy in the opinions, as they were new, original and unpublished, must have belonged to some one. If to the judges, they gave it to Mr Wheaton. That it did belong to them is evident; because they are bound by no law or custom to write out such elaborate opinions. They would have dischargedtheir duty by delivering oral opinions. What right, then, can the public claim to the manuscript ? The reporter's duty is to write or take down the opinions. If the court choose to aid him by giving him theirs, can any one complain?
But we allege and prove that Mr Wheaton was the author of the reports ; that he published them. This is enough to entitle him to a copyright, until they prove that he is not. The burden of proof is on them. (See Carey v. Ketrsley, 4 Esp. R. 168, already cited.)
It is contended that it is against public policy to allow reports to be copyrighted. And extravagant suppositions are made, as, that an author might destroy them, or never publish them, or-put an unreasonable price on them.
Is one to be divested of property, is a common rule of law to be overthrown, because the imagination of man can devise a danger, which may arise, however improbable ? And besides, in this case the reporter would lose his salary ;,and in all cases

SUPREME COURT.

[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]

he must lose his place, if he were guiltv of any of such absur-

dities.

As to enhancing the price, which is one of the evils appre-

hended, if the author were to do it unreasonably he would

lose his place ; and he must always do it to his own injury, for"

he would lose his sales and profit. In England, the statute of

54 Geo. III., amending the statute of Anne, omits the provision

in the statute of Anne intended to prevent too high a price.

This shows that experience had proved that no sich evil was

to be apprehended. In Germany, where a free, perpetual

copyright exists, books are cheaper than any where else in the

world. (Maugham 14, 15.)

Congress had power to apply the remedy, and they did apply

it, when they thought proper, by fixing the price.

It is attempted to put judicial decisions on the same ground

as statutes. It is the duty of legislators to promulgate their

laws. It would be absurd for a legislature to claim the copy-

right; and no one else can do it, for they are the authors, and

cause them to be published without copyright. Statutes never

;, ' ,yrigvhted.

Repotts always have been.

It is said that one employed by congress to revise and pub-

lish the statutes, might as well claim a copyright as*,a re-

porter. The difference is, one is employed to act as a mere

agent or servant, or clerk of the legislature, to prepare the

laws to be properly promulgated. He is engaged to do what

it is well understood never is copyrighted, and does not admit

of copyright. There is a distinct understanding, a contract,

that he is to do the work for his compensation, and not to claim

a copyright. But a reporter is not an agent employed by con-

gress. He is, and is understood to be engaged for himself, as

principal; and congress buy eighty copies, and add a salary to

his profit from his copy. He was doing before the act what it

was understood he could copyright, and what he did copyright;

and the act does not intimate that there was to be any change;

and he went on copyrighting, and they renewed his salary

without any objection or stipulation. It is the bounden duty of government to promulgate its sta-

tutes in print, and they always do it. It is not considered a

duty of government to report the decisions of courts, and they

therefore do not do it. The oral pronunciation of the inde-

JAN JARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
ments of courts is considered sufficient. Congress never employed a reporter, and they never gave any one any compensation, before Mr Wheaton. Mr Cranch reported without compensation, and relied upon his copyright; and Mr Wheaton continued, with a full understanding that he was to report in the same way.
Are the court prepared to deprive all the authors of reports in this country of their copyrights ? Of property which they have laboured to acquire, with the full belief, of all others as well as of themselves, that they were to be legally entitled to it ?
8. The publication of the defendants is a violation of the, complainants' rights.
The quo animo of the publication is important. An abridgement was not contemplated; and the work was intended to be supplied at less cost. This is stated in the proposals annexed to the bill. The answer admits the decisions contained in the third Condensed Reports to have been previously publisaed in Wheaton's Reports, and that it is intended to continue the publication of the same. It is denied in these papers that Mr Wheaton could have a copyright; and if he could, that he has taken the necessary steps to secure it.
The actual violation of the complainants' rights consists in having: first, printed the abstracts made by Mr Wheaton; secondly, in taking the statements of the cases made by Mr Wheaton, verbatim, from Wheaton's Reports; thirdly, in having taken points and authorities, and, in some instances, the arguments, and in all cases oral opinions from Wheaton's Reports, and for which, of course, no materials could be found elsewhere; fourthly, in having printed the whole of the opinions, which, it is not pretended, were found elsewhere. No resort was had to the records for the statements of the cases.
The Condensed Reports are not a fair abridgement. Cited, Butterworth v. Robinson, 5 Vesey 709; 1 American Jurist 157; Mangham 129 to 136.
The appellees submitted the following points, for the con-
sideration of the court: 1. That the book styled "Wheaton's Reports," is not law
fully the subject of exclusive literary property. VOL. viii.-4 c

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
2. If the book of reports of the complainants be susceptible of exclusive ownership, such ownership can be secured only by pursuing the provisions of certain acts of coigress.
3. Thq provisions of the acts of congress have not b;: .- observed and complied with, by the complainants, or others, in their behalf.
4. Reports of the decisions of the supreme court, published by a reporter appointed under the authority of the acts of congress, are not within the provisi~ns of the laws for the protection of copyrights.(a)
5. The entries of the copyrights by the appellant, claim more than Mr Wheaton was, in fact or in law, entitled to, as "author," " proprietor," " author and proprietor," and were for this cause void.
6. The work styled Condensed Reports, is not an illegal interference with the right, whatever it may be, in Wheaton's Reports.
Mr J. R. Ingersoll, for the defendants. The defendants submit the following argument in answer to the complaint exhibited by the bill and testimony of the appellants. They propose to show: 1. That the book styled "Wheaton's Reports," is not lawfully the subject of exclusive literary property. 2. If the book of reports of the complainants be susceptible of exclusive ownership, such ownership can be secured only by pursuing the provisions of certain acts of congress. 3. The provisions of the acts of congress have not been observed and complied with, by the complainants or others in their behalf. 1. The character of the work in which the right to literary property is asserted by the complainants, is sufficiently described in their own bill. It consists, they say, of twelve

(a) As the court gave no opinion upon this point, and, as the reporter has

been informed,

did

not consider

it

when

the

case

was

disposed

f,
o a great

por-

tion of the arguments upon it by the counsel for the appellees, has been

omitted in this report. Should the case be brought again before the court, as

it will be in the event of the issue directed by the court being found for the

appellants, this point will be urged to a decision.

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and DoL.aldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
books of reports of the decisions of the supreme court of the United States. It was prepared in the due exercise of the appointment of Mr Wheaton as reporter, which he derived from the court. The writings or memoranda of the decisions were furnished by the judges to Mr Wheaton, who alone preserved the notes and opinions thus furnished to him, together with other materials compiled by himself; and having retained all these materials in his possession exclusively, he finally destroyed them. The work, agreeably to the description of it in the bill, is composed of "cases, arguments and decisions." However rich it may be in other materials, they are not made the subject of claim; nor is any interference with them alleged, or made in any degree the subject of complaint. The claim and complaint are confined to the reports properly so called. If the profession and the country are indebted to the individual exertions of the reporter for valuable notes, which may have been usefully inserted to increase his emoluments, or enlarge his literary reputation, they are not at all connected with the work as described and exclusively claimed in the proceedings before the court.
Reports are the means by which judicial determinations are disseminated, or rather they constitute the very dissemination itself. This i8 implied by their name; and it would necessarily be their nature and essence, by whatever name they might be called. The matter which they disseminate is, without a figure, the law of the land. Not indeed the actual productions of the legislature. Those are the rules which govern the action of the citizen. But they are constantly in want of interpretation, and that is afforded by the judge. He is the "lex loquens." Hit explanations of what is written are often more important than the mere naked written law itself. His expressions of the customary law, of that which finds no place upon the statute book, and is correctly known only through the medium of reports, arc-indispensable to the proper regulation of conduct in many of the most important transactions of civilized life. Accordingly, in all countries that are subject to the sovereignty of the laws, it is held that their promulgation is as essential as their existence. Both descriptions of laws are within the principle. The source from which they spring makes no difference. Whether legislative acts, or judicial constructions or decrees,

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
knowledge of them is essential to the safety of all. A pregnant source of jurisdiction to the enlightened tribunal to which this case is now submitted, is altogether foreign to the enactments of the legislature. The extended principles of national law, and the rules which govern the maritime intercourse of individuals, are fairly and authoritatively known only as they are promulgated from this bench. It is therefore the true policy, influenced by the essential spirit of the government, that laws of every description should be universally diffused. To fetter or restrain their dissemination, must be to counteract this policy. To limit, or even to regulate it, would, in fact, produce the same effect. Nothing can be done, consistently with our free institutions, except to encourage and promote it. Every thing which the legislature or the court has done upon the subject is purely of that character and tendency.
The defendants contend, that to make "reports" the subject of exclusive ownership, would be directly to interfere with these fundamental principles and usages. They believe that no man can be the exclusive proprietor of the decisions of courts or the enactments of the legislature; and that nothing in the light of property in either can be infringed.
The two things being analogous, let the illustration of the one in controversy be derived from the one that is not. That a particular act of congress, or any number of acts of congress, could be made any man's exclusive property, has perhaps never been supposed. Yet the same labour is devoted to the construction of them-the same degree of talents is required for the due and proper composition of them. A particular individual receives them for publication, and the manuscripts may be said to belong to him; for "having retained such materials in his possession exclusively," as long as he had occasion for them, in every case it may probably be said, "he finally destroyed the same." .This person is specially employed to publish the acts of congress. He does so, under an appoint. ment, which has been deemed, by some learned judges, incompatible with the tenure of an office under one of the states. Where, then, does the parallel end? An individual may voluntarily publish an edition of the laws. But he does not by such publication make the laws his own. It is not necessary to determine whether he'has or has not exclusive property in the

JANUARY TERM 1834.
EWheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
peculiar combination, or in the additional matter which his edition may contain. He certainly does not, by either combination or addition, appropriate to himself that which is neither the one nor the other ; and his combination being untouched, and his additions discarded, a stranger may surely use as lie pleases, that which at first was public property, and is public property still. Those acts themselves are no more the property of the editors, than the hall in which they were enacted is the property of the members who passed the laws.
If either statutes or decisions could be made private property, it would be in the power of an individual to shut out the light by which we guide our actions. If there be any effect derived from the assertion, that the judges furnished their decisions to the: reporter, the gift would be both irrevocable and uncontrollable, even by the judges themselves. The desires of the court to benefit the public, and the wishes and necessities of the public to receive the benefit, might alike be frustrated by a perverse or parsimonious spirit. A particular case, or a whole series of -cases, might be suppressed by a repcrter endowed with different feelings from those of the highly respectable complainant in this cause. It might become the interest of such a person to consign the whole edition to the flames, or to put it at inaccessible prices, or to suffer it to go out of print before the country or the profession is half supplied. These are evils incident to every publication which can be secured by copyright. Mere individual works, whether -literary or religious, the authors can undoubtedly thus control. During the qrlimited time" for which they are constitutionally secured in
an exclusive enjoyment of them, there is no remedy. Their right is perfect during that period. A similar right must exist, if at all, in the publisher of reports. Can such a power be as-
serted, with all its consequences/over the decisions of the highest judicial tribunal of the land?
We are not to be told, that the interest of the proprietor would secure the country against so great an evil. The law endeavours to prevent the occurrence of any possible wrong, although it may not anticipate the precise mode of accomplishing it. But there are contingencies readily conceivable when the interest of a venal reporter might be promoted'by the course suggested. A party might feel it to his own advantage, and

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
therefore make it to the advantage of the reporter, to suppress a part, or the whole of the edition of his work. The law cannot and ought not to be made the prisoner or the slave of any individual.
It is proper here to draw a distinction between reports, the immediate emanations from the sources of judicial authority, and mere individual dissertations,or treatises, or even compilations. These may be of great utility, but they are not the law. Exclude or destroy them, and the law and the knowledge of it still exists. The same fountains from which the authors of them drew, are accessible to others. These private works may be regarded as so many by-paths to the temple of justice, smoothed and straightened by individual labour, and laid out for greater convenience over private ground. The owner may close them at his pleasure, and no one can complain. But the entrance to the great temple itself, and the highway that leads to it, cannot be shut without tyranny and oppression. It is not in-the power of any department of the government to obstruct it.
The reports in England used to be printed with the express permission or allowance of the twelve judges prefixed. Probably it would have been held a contempt of court to print them without. We are told, that four reporters were.formerly appointed by the khig "to commit to writing, and truly to deliver, as well the words spoken, as the judgments and reasons thereupon given," in the courts of Westminster. 3 Croke's Reports, preface. When sergeant Henden vouched for author.: ity Dalison's printed reports, Sir Henry Hobert "demanded of him by what warrant those reports of Dalison's came in print." 3 Croke's Reports, preface.
Sir James Burrow rebelled against the habit of receiving a special allowance or recommendation from the judges, preparatory to publication, and actually published without any allocatur. His preface, p. 8, which explains all this, also has a reference to the property of the reporter. But that has, evidently, no allusion to copyright property, for it refers to a proceeding previous to the publication by the reporter: viz. a surreptitious publication by some other person, "and. after the Isurreptitious edition has been stopped by an injunction, the book has been

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
published, with consent of the reporter, without leave or license, and no notice taken or complaint made of it."
Reporting, however, in England, as it respects the commort law courts at least, is a very different thing from reporting in this country. There the reporter has, with regard to the decisions themselves, a labour to perform which requires expe-
rience, talents, industry and learning: and he receives nothing from the judges to aid him in his task. Here (with respect to the opinions), he does nothing more than transcribe, if he does so much. And having received the manuscripts from the judges, if he should not himself publish them, they rre Withheld from the public, to the infinite detriment of the whole
nation.
The cases that have been decided in England have, as it should seem, turned on a question of prerogative, and not of
copyright.
Such was the point in the Company of Stationers v. Sey-. mour, I Mod. 256. "Matters of state, and things that concern the government, were never left to any man's liberty to print that would. And particularly, the sole printing of law books, has been formerly granted in other reigns."
The case in I Vern. 120 (Anonymous), was a motion by the kings patentees for an injunction to stop the sale of English bibles, printed beyond sea. The lord keeper then referred to the circumstance, that a patent to print law books had been adjudged good in the house of lords.
In the case of-Company of Stationers and Parker, Skhner 233, Holt arg. : "agreed that the king had power to grant the printing of books concerning religion or law, and admits it to be an interest, but not a sole interest." The court inclined for the defendant, (who had pleaded the letters patent of the king, which granted to the University of Oxford to print omnes et omni modo libros which are not prohibited to be printed, &c.) and they said that "this is a prerogative of power which the king could not grant so, but that he might resume it, but otherwise it is of a grant of an interest."
In Gurney v. Longman, 5 Ves. 506, 507, Lord Erskine declared that he granted the injunction (as to publishing the Trial of Lord Melville) "not upon any thing like literary property, but upon this only, that these plaintiffs are in the

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
same situation, as to this particular subject, as the king's printer, exercising the right cf the crown as to the prerogative
copies." The cases of Bell v. Walker, 1 Bro. C. C. 451, and Butter-
worth v. Robinson, 5 Ves. 709, are not sufficiently developed, to show whether they turned upon copyright proprietorship, or a proprietorship derived from a prerogative grant.
It cannot be contended, with any semblance of justice, that the mere opinions of the judges, communicated to Mr Wheaton, as it is alleged they were, could be the subject of literary property. A book composed in part of those opinions, and in part of other matters, does not change the nature of the opinions themselves. An individual who thus mingles what cannot be exclusively enjoyed, with what can, does, upon familiar principles, rather forfeit the power over his own peculiar work, than throw the chain around that which is of itself as free as air. The intermixture, if it affect either description of materials, must render the whole unsusceptible of exclusive ownership. That which is public cannot, in its nature, be :made private, but not e contra. The lucubrations of the reporter assume the hue of the authoritative parts of his book, and must abide by tne result of a connexion so framed, and a colour so worn. Whether a stranger could extract the original parts in the face of a copyright, and publish them alone, it is not necessary to discuss., But upon the principles just asserted, he could give additional dissemination to the whole, as he finds it connected together. And he could, it is conceived, unquestionably select what is justly public property, and leaving the merely private work of the reporter untouched, publish the rest with entire impunity.
2. Our second point is, that the exclusive ownership of an author can be obtained only by pursuing the provisions of the acts of congress.
Upon this particular point, a moment's attention will be usefully given to the celebrated case of Miller v. Taylor, 4 Burr. 2303, and its companion, Donaldson v. Beckett, 4 Burr. 2408.
Judgment of the court of king's bench having been entered for the piaintiff, in Miller v. Taylor, a decree of the court of chancery was founded upon it in the case of Donaldson v. Beckett and others. This came before the house of lords on

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
ali appeal, andth,1e, decree of the court of, chancery (and, of course, Miller v. Taylor along with it, in principle) was reversed, "the lord chancellor seconding Lord Camden's motion to reverse." Besides the influence of the decision itself, we have the force of these professional opinions, and that of a majority of the eleven. judges, who gave their sentiments, that the existence of the statute deprived the author of any right of action which he may have had at the common law.
The question of a common law right has not been decided favourably to the author ; and if it had been, the existence of a statute is thus recognized as superseding both the right and the remedy which may have previously existed. The marginal note of Sir James Burrow to Miller v. Taylor, 4 Burr. 2303, itself is, "authors have not by common law the sole and exclusive copyright in themselves or their assigns in perpetuity after having printed and published their compositions," &c. If in England, the source and fountain of the common law, no such right exists, what can be alleged in favour of its existence in these United States ? We contend that there could be no such common law right here, even if there were no statute and that if there could be, it is incompatible with the provisions of the statute.
All the arguments contained in the powerful and splendid opinion of Mr Justice Yates inMiller v. Taylor, 2 Burr. 2354, are of irresistible force here.
Feudal principles apply to real estate. The notions of personal property of the common law, which is founded on natural law, depend materially on possession, and that of an adverse character, exclusive in its nature and pretensions. Throw it out for public use, and how can you limit or define that use ? How can you attach possession to it at all, except of a subtle or imaginative character!. If you may read, you may print. The possession is not more absolute and entire in the one case than the other. It is an artificial, and therefore arbitrary rule which draws th6 distinction; and in order to render it available, the lesson must be read in the statute, and the means Must be resorted to whichare there pointed out. 'Even in theface of a statute backed by the constitution itself, let an inventor lose his possession, and his privilege is gone. The
VOL. vi.ii.--4 n

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
decision of this court as to the patent for fire hose, was to this effect. Pennock v. Dialogue, 2 Peters 1.
If the right secured by statute does not enable the owner to reclaim his lost possession, even when aided by the common law, (if it be so) how can the common law, indepen~dently of all statutes, avail?
Analogous rights, if such they may be called, are nothing without actual possession and use. Light and air, and a part of the great ocean, may be claimed and held, as long as necessary for the occupant; but abandon the immediate occupation, and the exclusive power and exclusive possession are gone together.
These and similar reasons contribute to show the source of literary property every where. They justify the positive provisions, and manifest the wisdom of them which give existence to it among ourselves. It is not to be found in natural law or common law, and the deficiency is wisely and aptly supplied.
The inconveniences to the public that would be the consequence of mere common law assertion of the right would be endless. It would lead to perpetual strife. If the mere individual stamp of authorship would afford even a foundation for a claim, originality might be pretended to by numerous individuals, and a test of truth might not be obtained. If the real author give his work. the official stamp of originality before it goes forth into the world, most of the questions that would otherwise occur are' anticipated. The source of exclusive ownership is therefore found in positive enactments, and not in any unwritten law.
What is the common law of the United States? To sustain a copyright it must be a very different thing from what the sages of the American law have supposed. To construe existing laws ai)d contracts, to aid in giving them effect, to furnish lucid definitions, sound principles and apt analogies, it is rich in the most important uses. For all these and various other purposes it is indispensable. Most of the crimes prohibited by statute would be misunderstood without its assistance ; all of the civil enactments would become obscure if -idtid not shed its light in never-failing streams upon them. Yet it cannot originate a single punishment, or create a single crime. It does not give any jurisdiction to the judge, or increase the

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
number or widen the extent of the subjects on which he has authority to decide. When he has a duty.to perform, it gives him wisdom and strength to perform it; but, the duty itself it cannot create, enlarge, diminish or destroy.
This subject is well .treated of by Mr Duponceau in his Dissertation on the Nature and Extent of the Jurisdiction of. the Courts of the United Stettes. In his preface, page xi, he says, "the common law in the United States is no longer the source of power or jurisdiction, but the means or instrument through which it is exercised; therefore, whatever meaning the words common law jurisdiction.Inay have- in England, with us they haie none: in our legal phraseology they may be said to be insensible." To them may be applied the language in which the common lawyer of old spoke of a title of the civil law: "in ceux parolx, n'y ad pas entendmeint."
Again, preface, pages-xiv, xv, "I contend that in this-country, no jurisdiction can arise," from the common law as a source of power-" while," as a. means for its exercise, "every lawful jurisdiction may be exercised through its instrumentality, and by means of its proper application."
The common law would be impracticable, in its application to copyrights in the United States. It might vary in every state in the union from the rest. What is the comion law of New York or Pennsylvania? It is the common law of England, as 'it has been adopted or modified in those rqspectivb states. Each state then has or may have its own common law as a system, or as it applies to a particular subject of regulation or control. But copyrights, as recognised by the United States, must be uniform. There cannot therefore be a state common law for copyrights for the want of necessary uniformity: and if the United States cannot derive it through the states, they have it not at all. "Thi a power," says Chancellor Kent,.2 Com. 299, "was very properly confided to congress, for the states could not separately make effectual provision for the case."
The states themselves at no time ever treated'this as a common law right. Before the adoption of the federal constitution, aocordirigly, several of them are found to have made special provision by statute on the subject. New. Hampshire, Massachusetts, Connecticut, New Jersey, Maryland and North Caro-

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg,]
lina, each passed acts of assembly to secure to authors an exclusive enjoyment for a term of years. Why should they have secured a right already in full existence ? They might have merely provided a penalty for an already perfect right.- The periods for which an exclusive right is maintained are different in these provincial enactments. In Germany this difficulty is cured by Tendering them perpetual in each department. But there is no common government in that country to which the subject can be referred.
This is a Subject expressly ceded by the states to the general government. It is extinguished with regard to them in all its parts. 'Whatever power or control the states might have exercised is now gone, and all is vested in the United States. No common law power, then, of any kind in relation to copyrights exists. Not in the states, for they have surrendered the whole subject to the federal government. Not in the United States, for they exercise only the jurisdiction which is conferred by the constitution and the laws. Nor have they declined or omitted to fulfil the trust thus confided to them. If some powers are left unexercised (as in the case of bankruptcy), such omission cannot be asserted with regard to the protection of literary property. It is amply provided for. No assistance is needed from any other jurisdiction - no deficiency is even suggested to have been left to be supplied.
Mr Duponceau, in his treatise already cited, page 101, asserts, "that when the federal courts are sitting in -and for the states, they can, it is true, derive no jurisdiction from the common law ; because the people of the United States, in framing their constitution, have thought proper to restrict them within certain limits: but that, whenever, by the constitution, or the laws made in pursuance of it, jurisdiction is given to them either over the person or subject matter, they are bouud to take the.common law as their rule of decision, whenever other laws, national or local, are not applicable."
Judge Chase, in the case.of the United States V. Worrall, 2 Dallas's Rep. 384, uses this comprehensive phrase, "in my opinion the United States-as a federal government HAVE No COMMON LAW !" "If indeed the United States can'be supposed for a moment to have a common law, itmust, I presume, be that

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
of England; and yet it is impossible to trace when or how the system was adopted or introduced."
It would be most strange if the double jurisdiction did exist. The constitutioi , and, the statutes enacted in furtherance of its provisions, instead of providing or extending rights and remedies, would have greatly limited and restrained them : instead of doing, as they were designed to fAo, much benefit to the author, they have done him much positive harm. He had already, according to the theory we are opposing, rights by the common law. These-rights, if they were pciferct in their nature, were unlimited in their extent. The patronage of American legislation then abridges the duration of the right, if it does not curtail its enjoyment, by iMposing restraints and prescribing preliminary forms. It does more, it draws a distinction between the stranger and the citizen or resident ; but the distinction, if it mean,any thing, is in favour of the former, and against the latter. The natural law, or common law, would be unlimited in the duration of the privilege which it would confer; and the labour and skill exhibited in the composition, would secure the right. This would be an innate privilege of tbe foreigner. The statute law afterwards comes and confines the security to a term of years, and makes .the way to obtain it intricate, or at least perplexed ! How does this consist with the language or the spirit of the eighth clause of the eighth section of the first article of the constitution ? That clause ordains, that congress shall have power "to PROMOTE the progress of science and useful arts, by securing for. limited times, to authors and inventors, the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries." It would not be to promote, but to retard that progress, if it possessed already a more active stinulus. There would be no occasion to secure for a limited time, if the exclusive right already existed in perpetuity.
The case of Ewer v. Coxe, 4 Washington's Circuit Court Reports 487, is broad enough to cover all that is now con. tended for. Judge Washington having demonstrated the necessity of the proprietor's compling with the provisions of the act of congress, in order to obtain the benefit conferred by that act, declares " if he has not that right, he can have no remedy of any kind." The .ight thus referred to, was one purely under the statute. But. it was the oily available ope

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
that could exist ; the only one that could carry with it, or be productive of any remedy.
In order to sustain his claim at all, an author who has not complied with the provisions of the statute, must make out these several positions.-
1. That a right and a remedy existed independently of the statute, and prior to it.
2. That the provision of redress by the statute does not take away a previous right.
We have endeavoured to show that the first of these posi tions is unsound, and if so, the second is altogether inapplicable.
The language of the supreme court of New York (Almy v. Harris, 5 Johnson 175; see also Scidmore v. Smith, 13 Johnson 322 and 1 Roll. Abr. 106, pl. 16), ,pplied to a totally different matter, may be usefully quoted here. " If Harris had possessed a right at common law, to the exclusive enjoyment of this ferry, then, the statute giving a remedy in the affirmative, without a negative expressed or implied for a matter authorized by the common law, he might, notwithstanding the statute, have his remedy by action at the-common law. I Coin. Dig., Action on Statutes, C. But Harris had no exclusive right at the common law, nor any right but what he derived from the statute. Consequently, he can have no right since the statute, but those it gives; and his remedy, therefore, must be under the statute, and the penalty only can be recovered."
"But "whe're a statute gives a right, and furnishes the remedy, that remedy must be pursued." Gedney v. The Inhabitants of Tewksbury, 3 Mass. Rep. 309. And, "when a statute creates a new right, without prescribing a remedy, the common law will furnish an adequate remedy to give effect to th6 statute right. But when a statute has created a new right, and has also prescribed a remedy for the enjoyment of the right, he who clairns the right must pursue the statute remedy." Smith v. Dean, 5 Mass. Rep. 515.
The same principles will make it necessary, in order to
reach the rights which the statute creates, to pursue the means which it points out. Judge Washington, in Ewer v. Coxe, 4 Wash C. P. Rep. 491. already.:cite.d, says, "that the author

JAYTJARY TERM 1384.
(Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
must perform all that is pointed "out before he shall be entitled to the benefit of the act. It seems to me," says he, "that the act will admit of no other construction."
The case of Beckford v. Hood, 7 T. R. 620, has been relied on to show that the directions of the. English statute are not necessary preliminaries to the establishment of the right. The judges of the king's bench were construing a very different statute from ours. The second section of the act of 8 Anne, c. 19, 12 Statutes at Large 82, recites, that " whereas many persons may, through ignorance, offend against this act, unless some provision' be made whereby the property in every such book, &c. may be ascertained, &c." and then enacts, that "nothing in this act contained shall be construed-to extend to subject any bookseller, printer, or other person whatsoever, to the forfeitures or penalties therein mentioned, for or by reason of the printing or reprinting of any book or books without such Consent as aforesaid, unless the title to the copy of such book or books hereafter published shall, before such publication, be entered in the register book-of Stationers Hall, &c.
The corresponding clause of the act of congress of April 29, 180 runs thus: "that every person, &c. before he shall be entitled to the benefit of the act, &c. shall, in addition to the requisites, &c." The preliminary'in the English statute is connected directly with the penalty. In ours, it is directly associated with the whole benefit of the act. The decision in Beckford v. Hood cannot affect the present case, even if it be sound. Of the soundness of it there may be much doubt, when we find Lord Hardwicke deciding, in Blackwell v. Harper, 2 Atk. 95, that "upon tbe act of 8 Anne, c. 19, the clause of registering with the Stationers Cbmpany is relative to the penalty, and the property cannot vest without such entry." A farthei view is taken by Judge Hopkinson of this decision in Beckford v. Hood, which is respectfully submitted as a conclusive roply. It will be found in his printed opinion. (a)
Let us look at the statutes themselves. The question here between us seems to be whether the acts of congress merely provide a remedy, or also constitute a right.
The act of 31st of May 1790 would have commenced with
(a) So Appendix, No. It.

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
its second section, if it had merely ihtended to suggest redress for the infringement of an existing right. This second section, however, is only a corollary or incident to the first, which provides, in compliance with what the constitution had authorized, secu ity to authors which they did not in any shape enjoy before. There is nothing declaratory about it.
" From and after the passing of this act the author, &c. shall have the sole right, &c. &c." The right is certainly prospective, and it is (we say) conditional. The right is to arise at all events subsequently to the passage of the act, and it is to commence "from the recording the title, &c. in the clerk's office as is heieinafter directed."
It would seem to be quite unnecessary thus gravely to confer in prospect a privilege already enjoyed, and to trammel it with conditions, if it was already unconditional. This is certainly no restraining statute.
An argument has already been used, and it will not be formally repeated, that the ostensible or professed encouragement of learning, by securing, &c. during the times mentioned, would be a mere delusion: for the encouragement had been more liberal-the security not less perfect-and the right more comprehensive, because of unlimited extent, if they respectively had any anterior existence whatever. It is no less striking, that congress, who are supposed to be declaring the common law, and merely providing a precise penalty for the: infraction of a right under it, could not, by any possible exercise of their power or authority, come up to the supposed common law right ;" for the paramount authority of the constitution restrains the exercise of any encouragementto a limited time.
The act proceeds to mark out the, preparatory sfep towards. penalty or prohibition,. viz. the legal acquisitionof a copyright. (Section 1.) And how is the copyright to be legally acquired? Why only by following the directions of the statute, i. e. depositing the title in the clerk's office, publishing the record, and delivering a copy within six months to the secretary of state, to be preserved in his office. (Section 3.)
Judge Washington was inclined to think that some of these provisions were merely necessary to enable the author to sue for the forfeitures provided by the second section.
But, that would be quite an empty satisfaction. The copies forfeited by the invading party are to be destroyed; and the

JANUARY TERM 1834.

[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]

penalty of fifty cents for every sheet in his possession, belongs

one half tor the United States. The author is not much the

better for this provision. He might have reserved all the dam. ages for himself, independently of the act, if the right existed

previously.

It is not necessary to rely upon the construction of this act: alone, if there be any doubt with regard to the true interpreta-

tion of it. The supplementary act, passed April 29, 1802, is free from all difficulty. It is on this that Judge Washington

relies.

This last act provides, section 1, that the author, "before

he shall be entitled to the benefit, &c. shall," in addition to the

requisites enjoined in the third and fourth sections of said act,

&c. "give information, by causing the copy of the record, &c. to be inserted at full length in the title page, &c."

It thus makes those clauses which had before been of doubtful name, requisites. It requires him to perform them; not as

preliminary to forfeiture or penalty, which are only particular provisions of parts of the act, but as preliminary to the benefit

of the act itself. He, therefore, in terms, is denied its advantages, unl(ss he perform the conditions precedent. These,

agreeably to a well known rule, are-to be construed strictly,

and the party who omits to bring himself within them can
claim no right whatever. The statute becomes a unit; all its benefits are yielded or withheld, exactly as all its requisites

have been fulfilled or disregarded. Requisite is aptly defined by the American lexicographer,

Noah Webster, to be "so needful that it cannot be dispensed with; something indispensable." An author must show that he has complied with these affirmative requisitions, or they will

not be presumed for him.

There are familiar analogies which will fully sustain this position. Take th6 statute which regulates distresses for rerMt

Certain provisions are made which justify a landlord for acts

which would otherwise amount to a trespass. But he must show that he has performed them strictly, or, as the law at first

stood in England, and does still in Pennsylvania, he is a trespasser ab initio; and the statute of George II. only so far alters

the rule, as to leave the party to his rer'-edy by action on the

VOL. viii.-4

E

SUPREME COURT.
tWheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
case for the recovery of the actual damages that may have been sustained.
If notice be required by statute, as, for example, preparatory to a suit against a magistrate for misconduct in office, not only is it never presumed, but nothirig can supply its proof; not even knowledge of the design to sue, which might be substantially the same thing. In such case, knowledge is not notice.
There is nothing against our construction in the principle which requires a strict interpretation of certain statutes. If the act be penal, we are not endeavouring to enforce the penalty. There is nothing penal aa to/the author claiming the copyright. All the penalties are against other persons. It is to be construed strictly when it is to be enforced against them. He claims the benefit of his copyright, which is a grant to be obtained only on conditions precedent and well defined. He attempts to enforce with rigour, if not the penal forfeitures, at least' the penal prohibitions of the law-against the defendant, whom he alleges to be a wrong doer. Against the defendant, thus, without (if it be without) bringing himself under the pro. visions of the law, the alleged proprietor denounces awful consequences. The defendant asks nothing-wants nothing, but to be let alone until it can be shown that he has violated the rights of another.
Where is the difference between this act and the act respecting patents, as regards the right of the alleged owner . This court has said, that if a defendant sued for the' infringement of a patent right, "shows that the patentee has failed in any of these prerequisites on which the authority to issue the patent i made to depend, his defence is complete. He is entitled to the verdict of the jury and the judgment of the court." Grant v. Raymond, 6 Peters 220.
3. There will be little difficulty in showing that the provisions of the acts of congress have not been complied with.
The requisites are" 1st. The deposit of a printed copy of the title in the clerk's office of the district court where the author or proprietor resides. 2d. Within two months from the date thereof, the publishing of a copy of the record in one or more newspapers printed in the United States, for four weeks.

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grlgg.]
3d. Within six months, the delivery, &c. to the secretary of state of a copy to be preserved in his office.
With regard to the first volume, the bill is defective in not stating either of the two last requisites. The complainants are informed by .M. Carey, and believe that all things which are requisite and necessary to be done, &c. hove been done!
An inference or conclusion even of the party, would be a sorry substitute for the allegation and pr'oof of the facts themselves. The court must have an oppportunity to judge whether all things were done, &c. ; and that they can have only when the things which were done are exhibited and proved. But here isdouble distilled inference. The parties are informed of'Matthew.Carey's conjecturej and this is presented to the court as -asubstitute for proof; while H. C. Carey proves that Matthew Carey knew nothing about it, for all was left to him. It is extraordinary if Mr Carey really possessed any information on this subject, that he was not produced as a witness.
UpTrithe complainants'own allegations, their case must fail. But the proof is scarcely less defective than the allegations of the bill. Henry C. Carey, the clerk of his father in 1816, states that they were in the habit of advertising, and from the course-of business he does not doubt it was advertised, but he has no recolletion of it. He has no recollection at all of a deposit of a-copy in the 'office of the secretary of state. But he says, that,the -mostprobable way in which it was sent, was by Mf Wheaton. In other words, that it was not sent by himself; and, therefore, as to any proof from him, that it was not sent at all.
Mr Brent states, that the eighty copies of the volume of Wheaton's Reports, containing the decisions for February Term 1817, were delivered to the department of state on or 4tfore the 4th day of November 1817. This refers, of course, to the secbndvolume which contains the decisions of that term, and not the first, which is for the previous year. Subsequent volumes had been delivered in the same manner; all of them were received under the acts of congress, giving a salary to the reporter. He adds, that there has always been, according to his recollection, one or more complete sets of said reports, from the time of their publication, in the said depart. ment of state. But he iv unable to recollect, or state more

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
particularly when the same were first placed in said department, or for what purpose.
Both of these particulars, it is conceived, must be made out. The delivery must be within six months. The loose declaration that, according to his recollection, there has always been one or more sets, &c. from the time of publication, if it could have any force by itself, is done away by his acknowledged inability to recollect when they were first placed there. The object of the receipt of them too, is directly the reverse of that prescribed by the copyright law; for, instead of being delivered to be preserved in the office, &c., they were, if delivered at all, merely a part of a general library, intended to be lent out and used. If delivered to be preserved, the presumption is, that the particular copy so left would be found. It will scarcely be contended that the second edition of the first volume can cure the defects of the first. It can have no copyright existence by itself.
With regard to the subsequent volumes, the bill is scarcely less defective. The declaration of Robert Donaldson is vague and unsatisfactory. It could not be otherwise. He knew nothing of the subject. The result of the inquiries at the department of state, is evasively set forth ; and were it otherwise, he must state the fact, and not the inquiry.
The bill proceeds to insist, that the complainants would still be entitled to the benefits of the acts of congress, although they should be unable to prove that a copy was delivered, &c. We say, that such proof is a necessary preliminary.
The proof, with regard to these subsequent volumes, is equally defective. Of the second volume, there is no proof of publication. And of none of the volumes is there either allegation or proof of deposit, agreeably to the provisions of the law.
The fourth volume wants publication. It began August 28th, and ended September 17th instead of 25th.
The seventh had but two publications in July, four in August, and one in September.
The-eighth had one publication in October, five in November, and two in December.
Of the ninth there is no evidence of publication at all. The tenth, eleventh and twelfth are all defective in publication.

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and. Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
It is not necessary to dwell upon the facility with which proof of delivery might have been preserved and exhibited if it had been made. The requisites of the law must be shown. But the certificate of Mr Van Buren, with regard to the second edition of the first volume, is a specimen of what might have been, and would have been produced with. regard to the whole, if the deposit had in fact been made.
In the absence of all right on the part of the complainants, not much difficultyis apprehended from any supposed possession or enjoyment, by colour of privilege. Judge Washington, in delivering his opinion in Ewer v. Coxe, disposes of this question to our hand. 4 Wash. C. C. Rep. 489, "I hold it to be beyond controversy," says he, "that if the plaintiff has rio copyright in the work of which he claims to be the owner, a court of equity will not grant him an injunction. This was forImerly the doctrine of the English court 6f chancery, and still is, as I conceive, notwithstanding Lord Eldon has; in some instances, granted an injunction and continued it to the hearing, under circumstances which rendered the title doubtful, if the plaintiff had possessiop under a colour of title. But surely if he has no title at all, or such a one as would enable him to recover at law, even that judge would, I presume, refuse. an injunction."
The authdrities cited by Judge Washington support the principle which he maintains.
Against whom is this mere naked possession claimed ? Not the defendant.; for during the period when it has existed he was only one of the mass of individuals Who had not any par,ticular concern indisturbingthe complainants'colourable claims. It is therefore against the public, who cannot thus be baffled of
their rights. It is, however, a most extraordinary case, that would justify
a peIrpetual injunction without a trial at law. This is a proceeding which tu~rns aside from the regular and proper mode of asc'rtaining title, and asks that the existence of it shall be definitively rested' upon mere colourable claims. The coninplainants do not choose to bring their case to the proper test: but assuming as conclusive, what at the utmost is only prima facie evidence in their favour, they propose to hang up for ever, in a.state of presumption and doubt, that which is susceptible of a just and satisfactory settlement. All that the defendants

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
ask, in the dismission of the bill, is, that their rights may not be prejudged.
Mr Sergeant, for the defendants. The claim now asserted by the appellants, is-to a perpetual right in Wheaton's Reports, in Mr Wheaton and his representatives and assigns. Such a right is necessarily exclusive. It goes beyond the right claimed to be secured under the copyright actsel congress. Such a claim should be clearly established. It is asserted for the first time in a court of the United States It has no precedent in the proceedings of the courts of England; for since the decision in that country, that the statute of Anne took away the alleged right of an author at common law, there can be found no precedent in that country, to suslain such a clkim. The Condensed Reports, so far as it is now material to examine them, are-rade up of statements, which are to be found on the records, and of the opinions of the court. Mr Wheaton's notes are not interfered with-nor are his reports of the arguments of counsel. These, it might be admitted, are his own; if he can have a property in any of the matters contained in the volumes published as a public officer. Mr Wheaton's Reports are made up as an officer of the court. The court appointed him under the authority of a law of the United States, and furnished him the materials for the volumes; not for his own sake, but for the benefit and use of the public: not for his own exclusive property, but for the free and unrestrained use of the citizens of the United States. In relation to the work, he was not an author, but as an officer, as a public agent, selected, authorised and paid for making up the reports of the decisions of the court. in the whole composition, under these views of the facts of the case, not a word in the reports belongs to him. t could not be the intention of the court to give him a perpetual right to the opinions delivered by them. No such purpose could have been entertained by congress, when the appointment of a reporter was directed. The objects of the law, and of the court, were to authorise, enforce and secure the publication of the proceedings and decisions of the court, for public information. Any argumont, or course of argument tending to

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
a different conclusion, must be wrong; because contrary to the design of his appointment. It is in derogation of common right.
Let us see how the claim of the complainants is made out. 1. The question whether the power to regulate- copyrights under the constitution is exclusive, can never arise, until some state shall pass a law interfering with its exercise by congress, 3 Story's Com. 50. Until then, it must be a theoretical question. The law of. New York, which was intended to secure exclusive rights in the navigation of the waters of that state by steam, was by this sourt decided to be unconstitutional. The court decided the case on other grounds, it is trte, but still so decided. Up to the present moment, no state has asserted a right to
interfere with the power of congress, under the constitution, to regulate copyright. There is no judicial decision which asserts or supposes any such right. There is -not a trace, sign or symptom of any such right existing in the legislation, or judicial proceedings of any state. There is, therefore, no collision ; no case for judgment. But: the contrary is evident.
It is not necessary to inquire whether states have the power, if they have not chosen to exercise or claim it. It is clear that there was no such thing in any of the states prior to the constitution, but by the invitation of congress, under the confederation. Fed. No. 43; 3 Story's Corn. 49. Congress found the whole case unprovided for; and the laws made by some of the states, at their instance, and which have been referred to by the counsel for.the appellants, ceased when the constitution Was
adopted.
But supposing that a concurrent power to regulate and secure copyright existed, in the states and the United States; a supposition of exceeding difficulty and doubt; and that the states may act notwithstanding the exercise of the power by congress; it is for the states to choose whether they will do so or not. They have not so chosen, they leave it to congress. But there are many reasons for considering this power exclusive, as well as reasons which clearly show it ought to be ex-
clusive. 1. It was originally taken up by congress as matter properly
belonging to their cognizance. Early in the progress of the

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
government the first law was passed; which was followed by other legislation, thus establishing the present regulations. This power did not exist in congress under the confederation. None of the provisions in that compact applied to it; and it now rests upon the article in the constitution which gives congress the power to "promote the progress of science and the useful arts." The whole ground is admitted to have been vacant, on the establishment of the present government. It was a new power. Fed. No. 43; 3 Story's Com. 48; Rawle on the Const. ch. 9, p. 105, 106; 2 Kent's Com. 306, &c.
2. The power could only be properly, beneficially and effectually exercised by congress. By vesting the power in the national legislature, the system became uniform and certain. Authors, but for this, would have been subjected to different provisions and conditions in every state; thus materially affecting the value of all their rights. And the-community throughout the whole nation were thus, after a certain interval, entitled to the benefits of the writings or compositions of those who availed themselves of the laws, passed under the constitutional provivisions. 3 Story's Com. 48, 49.
3. There is an absolute incompatibility between the existence of the power in the United States, and in the states.
It has been repeatedly said that the constitution has not occupied the whole ground. That it has provided for the author, and not for the public. But the true state of the case is directly the reverse of this. It has provided for the case of the authot', only as instrumental to the. provision for the public. The clause in the constitution gives congress the power, not to secure a copyright to the author; but to "protect the-progressof science and the useful arts, by securing for limited times to authors, &c. the exclusive right to their respective writings, &c." It is to be for a linitedtime, no longer. 3 Story's Com. 49.
4. The state of the law in England was known here by the adjudications in the courts of that country. These adjudica-. tions stood in this way. 1. That there was a common law right before the statute of Anne. 2. That there was no common law right after that statute. According to those decisions, the effect of legislation was to take away the common law right, Where the power of legislation over the subject was placed there was the power over the whole matter.

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
5. The same word "secure" is applied in the article in the constitution to inventions, as well as to the works of authors.
In fnventions, it is admitted, there was no common law property. The use of the word "secure" cannot, therefore, presuppose an existing right. It would have the same effect, and be equally applicable to both. No benefit can, therefore, be derived from the use of the term; however ingenious the argument which invokes it in aid of the pretensions of the complainants. Cited, Act of 41 Geo. III. ; Maugham 36, 37.
6. The uniform construction, and the practice under it, have been such as is contended for by the defendants.
It is true, there was an omission in the laws to give full power to the courts of the United States, in cases of copyrights. But the omission was to no great extent. There was no provision for jurisdiction, when the parties to a suit of which copyright was the subject, were citizens of the same state. Binns v. Woodruff, 4 Wash. C. C. Rep. 48. But that omission was supplied by the act of 1819. 3 Story's U. S. Laws 1719.
7. In what state, supposing an author to have a right at common law, is the right to exist, and be protected. If there is a right of property, it must be governed by, and have the benefit of all the rules which affect such property. It accompanies the owner every where. It is not his because he is a citizen of the United States. It derives no additional security from such citizenship. A stranger, who is an author-a fo. reigner has the same common law right of property; and no foreign book can be printed here. Such has not been the understanding in England, from which the principles to sustain the right are derived. No common law right extended to Ireland before the union. There, at all times, before the union, the works of authors, however secured under the statute of Anne, in England, were printed and published. If a common law right existed, or was supposed to exist, we should have found, in the proceedings of the Irish courts, its establishment by judicial decisions.
But supposing it-were otherwise, and that a right at common law does exist; upon the laws of what state de the coinplainants rely? Upon the law of Pennsylvania? In the circuit court, the right was claimed on the common law of the nation. In this court, it is. asserted to rest upon the common
VOL. vxii.-4 F

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
law of a state. Below, no intimation of such a thing was given. If any such right, 'under the common law of Pennsylvania, exists, we of Pennsylvania do not know it. Strangers have discovered: it, and claim the benefit of it, for the first time. Not a trace of its existence can be found in the whole history of that state. - No authority from any of the laws, or the decisions of the courts, has beeh vouched. It is denied that it
exists. It is, "then, assumed, without hesitation, that the right of
action, whatever it is, which an author has for an infringement of his copyright, arises from the constitution and laws of the United State s. The constitution gives congress the power "to promote the progress of science and the useful arts, by securing, for limited times, to authors and inventors, the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries." Art. 1, sect. 8, ch. 8. Until secured by congress, he could have no right under the constitution. When secured, it must be to such extent, and upon such terms as congress may enact.
Some argument has been presented upon the word "securing," as admitting a pre-existing right. But there is no force in the suggestion. There must be a pre-existing state of things, uut of which a right to apply to be secured arises. That right is brought into existence by the constitutional provision. It had no existence as a right incident to the fact of the author being a member of the community of the nation, until the constitutional provision. By the agreement of those who made the constitution, the right was brought into existence ; and it was to be secured. The language, therefore, is accurate. It has already been observed, that the term "securing" is applied equally to inventions; yet no common law right to inventions has been asserted.
The federal judiciary, at all events, can have no cognimnce of claims, to copyright, but under the laws of the United States, made in pursuance of the constitution; and to the extent such laws may authorize them to go.
Thus understood, what is the right of an author? There is a difference between a patent and a copyright, A patent, in due form, is prima facie evidence of the right of the inventor. It: is, itself, prima facie proof of all the prior acts required by the laws. It rests for its support .upon the invention. But

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
invention, without a patent, is nothing. A -man, without a patent, could not ask the aid of the court to protect his claims. The patent is, therefore, evidence, prima facie, of right.
A copyright is quite a different thing. Its existence, as a right, depends upon doing certain acts. The doing of these is the foundation of the right. Their being done, is the only evidence of the right. If they are not done, no right, or even claim exists. These acts, therefore, as to copyright, are as a patent in the case of an invention. There is nothing that performs the office of a patent. The whole acts together establish the right.
In the case of an invention, the patent being a prima facie case of right, in the first instance, where -the right of the inventor is disputed, it is sufficient 'to rove the patent, at law or in equity.
In the case of a copyright, the title is made out prima facie, at law and in equity; by stating and proving the acts which, by the provisions of the law, constitute the copyright.
This distinction is a most material one, and to be always kept in mind. It goes to the root of the whole case. If any thing has been omitted or neglected; if any of the requirements of the law, the performance of which are conditions
upon which the right rests, and by which the right would be protected by the law, have been neglected; there is no title at all; no title in existence. Such a case is the same with that of an inventor coming into court without a patent.
The court will not grant him an injunction. Ewer v. Coxe, 4 Wash. C. C. R. 487. There is nothing in such a case on which to engraft the doctrine of possession. It is only when a prima facie title exists, one made out by showing a compli. ance with the law, that the doctrine of possession can be applied.- Ewer v. Coxe, 4 Wash. C. C. R. 488.
This brings us to the first head of inquiry, which separates itself into two branches.
1. What are the requisites to a copyright under the laws of
congress ? 2. Have these requisites been complied with . 1. Upon the first question we have the light of a judicial
decision, and there is no decision to the contrary. It is that of a judge of the highest and the most regarded judicial talents;

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton anid Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
one whose opinions have always received the utmost respect. In Ewer v. Coxe, 4 Wash. C. C. R. .487, Judge Washington held, that to entitle the authbr of a book to a copyright, he must deposit a printed copy of the title of such book in the clerk's.office ; publish a copy of the record of his title within the period, and for the length of time prescribed by the third section of the act of congress of 31st of May 1790 ; and deposit a copy of the'book in the secretary of state's office, within six months after its publication. The requisites of the third and fourth sections of the act of congress of 1790, relative to copyrights, are not merely directory; but their performance is essential to vesting a title to the copyright secured by law. The act of congress of 29 April 1802, declares, that, in addition to the requisites enjoined in the third and fourth sections of the act of 1790, and before the person claiming a copyright shall be entitled to the benefits of the same act, he shall perform all the new requisites; and that he must perform the whole before he shall be entitled to the benefits of- the act. "It seems to me," says the judge, "that the act will admit of no other construction."
The argument upon the two acts taken together is plain and convincing. Act of 1790, 1 Story's Laws of United States 94; Alt of 1802, 2 Story's Laws of United States 866. The question, be it remembered, is, what are the requisites under the act of 1802.
1. When these acts were passed, the whole subject of copyrights was open for legislation. The object of congress was to carry into effect the provisions of the constitution, by estab-' lishing a mode of obtaining a copyright. The provisions of the laws have no other view.
It is material and reasonable, then, to suppose, that whatever was directed to be done was a requirement. The acts to be performed, were to secure for a limited time to an authore the benefit of his writings ; and these acts were directed for that purpose. It is impossible to distinguish, so that one of the acts shall be decreed material, and another not so. The whole, and each of the acts are pointed out in the law, and 'the most natural course is to deem them all material. They do all, in effect, constitute the conditions of the title ; they constitute the. title itself.

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
2. Upon the words of the act it seems impossible to raise a doubt. They are plain, clear, and require no explanation. The acts they require, are of easy performance ; the evidence that.they have been performed, can always be obtained and preserved. The reason of requiring these acts is not here in question.
It is probably true, that when the act of 1790 was passed, congress had before them the statute of Anne, and the decisionsof the English courts upon that statute, and on all the litigated questions of literary property, and of copyright. This is equally true of the act of 1802 ; and this must be considered in reading that act.
But the reason of the requirement of the.law is obvious. The author " shall deliver a copy to the secretary of state, to be preserved in his office."
The copy to be delivered is not to constitute a part of the library of the secretary of state. The books deposited for copyright, never do form a part of the library of the department of state. They are, it'is understood, always marked, "deposited for copyright," with the date of the deposit. The books So deposited are not lent out, or ought not to be. They are " to be preserved in the office" of the secretary of state. They are not delivered for the sake of the officer, nor are they like the copies delivored to the stationers' company, under the act of Anne.
Why does the law require a copy to be deposited in the office of the secretary of state? Itis a material requirement. Why, it is asked, were models and drawings to be deposited in the patent office, a part of the department of state ? That is a. kindred subject, and the reason is the same in one case as in the other.
If a model, or a drawing of a machine or invention" is required to be deposited in the patent office, the reasons and the objects of the requirement are, that the public may know what the invention is; and that, after the limited period shall have expired, they may have the use of it, according to the purpose of the provision in the constitution. A book or writing is required to be deposited for the same reason. The matter claimed as original is there to be preserved, in order that the extent and nature of the claim for the limited period may be known. The deposit of the title in the clerk's office, the pub-

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
lication of the record in the newspapers, give no information of the contents of the work ; but the leposit of it in the secretary's office does this: and as it is "to be preserved" there at all times, there the extent of the author's claims can be always known.
The law enjoins on the secretary of state obligations which are consistent with those views of its purposes. It is made his duty to preserve the books deposited in his office. He is thus the'trustee of the authoi and of the public. The court will not suppose this duty is ever neglected. It will always presume the injunctions of the law are complied with.
-As 'to the authdr, he has an easy mode of securing the evidence of his compliance with the law. To his rights, the preservation of the book deposited, is not issential. He has done all that is required of him, by depositing the copy of his work : and the certificate of the secretary of state, which the secretary has power to give, will be eviden, e of the deposite.
An examination of the provisions of the act of 1802, must result in the conviction that the construction contended for by the defendants is the true one. The act must be interpreted, not tiltered. It must be read in its own words, and according to the common meaning and use of the terms in which it is expressed. The first-and second section of the act are those upon which the construction is to be given; and no better language for the cl3ar interpretation of them can be used than those used by Judge Washington, in Ewer v. Coxe.
It is of no importance to the case, whether, by thelaw of 1790, the acts to be done by an author were conditional or directory. They were enjoined-they were "requisites." The act of 1802 has so declared them, and without this they were clearly so. This cannot be reasonably denied.
The construction conceded by Judge Washington, in Ewer v. Coxe, of the provisions of the act of 1790, is not satisfactory. Having ascertained to his complete satisfaction that the act of 1802 left no room to doubt that the acts imposed on an author, were conditions essential to his copyright; that venerable and learned judge did not consider it necessary to examine the provisions of the law of 1790, with the care and scrutiny he would have dofie, had the case rested on that law only.
The requirements of the law of 1790 are made of the party himself. It is in his power to perform them all. They are

JAN JARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
all, and each of them, parts of a system having refereiice to the author and publisher. The act of depositing a copy in the office of the secretary of state, is one of the number of acts by which he evinces his intention to secure a copyright, and by which he executes his intention. Less than the whole does not suffice to prove the intention. Less than the whole is not a copyright.
The publication in the newspapers is on the same footing. It will surely be admitted that was material. Yet they are both of the same character. There was no necessity for either, if not for both. Unless both were to be performed, both were nugatory; and the whole provisions of the law might have been a dead letter.
The law of 1802 places the question of construction of th6 act of 1790 out of doubt or controversy. It declares the acts stated in the law of 1790 to be requirements. He shall, in addition to the "requisites" "enjoined" in the third and fourth sections of the act of 1790, do certain things. E'-ery word of the law must have effect. Each section contains one requisite, and no more ; neither, therefore, can be rejected. All must have their full force.
The second section is equally clear. It helps to construe the other.
These, it will be seen are words of enactment, not of recital. They make the law; they do not declare or expound it. Whatever the law may have been before 1802, it is now established. The decision in Ewer v. Coxe, in establishing the construction of the act of 1802, establishes that of both statutes.
Under these views of the law, founded on the fair and sound construction of their provisions, and supported by the decision in Ewer v. Coxe ; copyright is the union of these acts, the "requirements" of the laws by an author. It is nomen collectivum, signifying all that confers and constitutes the right.
2. Such being the law, how stand the facts of the case? And now it must be conceded that the proof of title, and compliance with the law, lies upon the complainant. He must state tme facts distinctly in the bill, and he must prove them as stated. Most clearly this is his duty, when be asks the extraordinary aid of a court of equity.

SUPREME COURT
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
Nor can it be deemed unreasonable to require thi . The proof of his title to copyright is. of such a nature that it may easily be preserved. It may consist of an official certificate of the deposite of a copy of the work-of newspapers to prove the required publication:
There is a want of such allegations in the bill, as well as of such proof.
Mr Sergeant declined going into an examination of the bill and evidence in support of the positions he assumed; considering that they had been fully sustained by the argument of Mr Ingersoll. He also referred, in support of . these positions, to the opinion of the learned judge in the circuit court, by whom the case was decided.(a)
Upon the point made by the counsel for the appellants, that the delivery of the eighty copies of the reports under the reporter's act, was a compliance with the requisite of copyright acts, of the deposite of a copy in the secretary of state's office; he also referred to the decision of Judge Hopkinson.
The case, as exhibited on the record, and by the examination of it which has been submitted to the court, is one which has no claim to the relief sought by the complainants. Its principal features are repeated, .to connect with them other matters deserving the consideration of the court.
Mr Wheaton undertook the preparation and publication of the reports of the decisions of the court, under the appointment of the court. He furnished -nothing original from his own mind. All the contents of the reports were the 'fruits of the minds of others; supplied for the public use; at the public expense ; or at the expense of others. There is not a thought of Mr Wheaton's from the beginning to the end of the work. It was intended for the public, for their use and benefit; and should therefore be made as public as possible.
In process of time, after the publication of the first volume of his reports, Mr Wheaton became a publio officer; witli a salary for his labour as reporter, and obliged to perform the duties of the office. This provision for the reports, it has been said, in the course of the argument for the complainants, Was obtained at the earnest solicitation of Mr Wheaton. It there-
(a) Appendix, No. 11.

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
fore became a contract on his part, for the sum allowed by the law,, to prepare and publish the reports. See act of 1823. He became, like the clerk of the house of representatives, keeping the journals.
The object of his appointment, the -plain purpose of the law, was to preserve a record- of the proceedings and decisions of the court; the highest tribunal in the nation; and to give them circulation. If Mr Wheaton could have a copyright, this object might be entirely defeated-his book might be a sealed book.
Out of this public work it becomes necessary to compile something less bulky and expensive. The usefulness of such a publication is admitted by all but those interested to deny it. Mr Peters undertakes to prepare it, and he has completed the work. He announced.his intention, to do this publicly; and fully explained his plan. No efforts were made to stay this proceeding until invited by him; and after he had completed the third volume of his work. If the further circulation of his book is stopped, it will be a public injury. Such a result will limit the knowledge of the law of the land, as determined and established by, this court, to but a small portion of the community; while all are interested in knowing it.
But here a question arises, whether books of reports can be copyrighted in England or in the United States.
There are no cases decided in which the principle is established, that reports of the decisions of courts of law are the subjects of copyright. The case of Streater v. Roper, 4 Bac. Abr. Prerogative; Maugham 101, note; was reversed in parliament. By that decision the prerogative right, the right of the patentee, was established. No right, as author, was sustained by this case; but the 6onirary. It is true, that Maugham says the prerogative claim is ridiculous ; but it rests on a decision that it is the ancient law. In the case of Butterworth v. Robinson, 5 Ves. 509, it does not appear how the right was derived.
By the decisions of the house of lords, no such right is maintained. No copyright, in any one author, is supported by those decisions. No one could report but by the authority of the chancellor; and this authority was exclusive; it prohibited all others from interfering. Gurney v. Longimian, 13 Ves. 193.
VOL. viii.-4 c

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
The whole of this subject will be "ound to be examined in the compilations of Jeremy, Maugham and Godson. The law is not established, at least it has not been so declared, that reports can be private property. Essentially, their contents are public property. The knowledge of the decisions of courts should not be confined. It is consistent with the views of this court, that copies of their opinions should be multiplied to any extent, and in any form required. Publicity is the very thing required.
4. The reporter is a public officer, and his duty, by law, is, to publish. He has no liberty to keep back the matter which he collects and prepares, in the performance of his official duties. The act of 1817, 3 Story's Laws 1639, regards him as a public officer. So by the subsequent acts, which will be found in Story's Laws 1803, 1913, 2046. The court, in 3 Peters 397, at January term 1830, decided that the reporter was the proper officer to give copies of the opinions of the court, when required. Could he refuse such copies ? Could he refuse to give a copy of a report of a case, when asked for it; on the ground that it was his property, and only to be used by his consent, and for his benefit. The whole purpose of the reporter's act would be defeated, could this be done. That act makes him the officer to give publicity to the proceedings of the court; but, upon this view of the matter, it has placed him in a situation to get possession of the official actions of the court ; it has given access to the records of the court, and has placed him in a situation by which he has obtained all the materials to accomplish the plain and obvious intention of the law, for his private advantage, and that he may defeat and set at naught that intention. Such cannot be the law. This court will never sanction such pretensions.
The purpose of the appellants is to subject the defendants to all the evils of a violation of the copyright acts, by a proceeding which deprives them of the benefits of a trial by jury. Such a course will not receive the favour of this court.' The facts upon which the rights of the complainants must rest, whatever may be the construction of the acts of congress, are not made out. All the essential facts to sustain. their claims are denied; and certainly, it will be admitted, the proof offered to sustain them by the complainants, is imperfect. Will the court, then, give its aid in such a case ? Will they reverse the

JANUARY TERM 1834.
(Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
decision of the circuit court, and order a perpetual injunction. Will they not say to the complainants, If you have rights, go into a court of law and establish them ?
Mr Webster, in reply. There was at one period no regular series of reports of the decisions of this court. Mr Cranch's reports had been published as far as the sixth volume; the rest of the matter, which afterwards formed the remaining volumes, was in manuscript. In this state of things, Mr Wheaton proposed a regular annual publication of the deeisions, with good type, and to be neatly printed. It was found necessary that there should be some patronage from the legislature, there being so few persons who would purchase the reports. Mr Wheaton applied to congress, personally solicited its aid, and made a case which prevailed. Congress passed a temporary law, which was renewed again and again. The successor of Mr Wheaton has had the full benefit of the grant obtained by the personal.exertions of Mr Wheaton. If the work of the appellee be an interference with the rights of the appellants, it is not a heedless one ; it may not be an intentional interference, but the acts which constitute it are intentional. "The defendant was well advised of the injury which the appellants foresaw. This is fully proved by the evidence. The publication, of the defendant has materially injured the appellants. Many volumes of Wheaton's Reports were on hand, unsold, at the time of the publication of the third volume-of Condensed Reports. The intention of the defendant was not to make an abridgement, but to make a substitute for the whole of the appellant's work. The reports of the appellant were the result of the joint action of congress and the reporter ; they set the price. If congress had thought that the people should have them cheaper, they would have lowered the price. The defendant should not have run a risk in accommodating the public; they could judge for themselves. The question before the court is one for the most enlarged and liberal consideration. Cases which are not in form, but are in substance an infringement of the author's rights, are to

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
be viewed, as respects .the author, liberally. This spirit pervades all the adjudged cases.
Has there been an indefensible use of the appellant's labours? In the Condensed Reports there is the same matter as in the reports of tho appellant, under the same names. Is this-an abridgement ? An abridgement fairly done, is itself authorship, requires mind ; and is not an infringement, no more than another work on the same subject. In the Engliah uourts there are frequently more reports than one of the same cases. These reports are distinct works. Abridgements are the efforts of different minds. The Condensed Reports hav(. none of the features of an abridgement, and the work is made up of the same cases, and no more than is contained in Wheaton's Reports..
The attention of the court is called to certain facts. Tile laws of congress relating to the reporter's office do not bear on the question of copyright. There is no intimation in the statute of such an interference, or that the sum allowed the reporter is in lieu of copyright. The right in the reporter to fix the price of the volumes, recognizes a right tQ exclude others from publishing. He receives one thousand dollars, and gives eighty copies to the United States, of the value of four hundred dollars. Would he give up the copyright for this sum ; this modicum ? The law was intended to secure to him the rights he possessed, and to add to them also.
Before the statute of Anne, the copyright of authors was acknowledged. In 1769, it underwent investigation in the courts. The statute of Anne was passed 1711. Pennsylvania was sattled in 1682. The common law was carried to Pennsylvania on its settlement; and the statute of Anne did not change or affect it. The copyright of an author existed in the colonies, and exists in the United States ; and particularly in Pennsylvania.
It has been said by the counsel for the defendants, that there is no legislation in the state of Pennsylvania, or judgment of, her courts recognizing the,common la-wright. Before the revolution there were few books made; and there are no reports of the decisions of the courts anterior to that event. The common law is 4 fountain of remedy, perennial and perpetual. By

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
its principles protecting rights when they are infringed, and its principles existing, although not called into action.
The import of the act of cngress of 1790 is, that before its enactment, there were legal rights of authorship existing; it provides for existing property, not for property created by the statute. There is nothing for its provisions to stand upon, but the common law. That law is not one of grant or bounty; it recognizes existing rights, which it secures. The aim of the statute was to benefit authors, and thereby the public.
The right of an author to the production of his mind is acknowledged every where. It is a prevailing feeling, and none can doubt that a man's book is hig book-is his property. It may be true that it is property which requires extraordinary legislative protection, and also limitation. Be it so.
-But the appellants are entitled to protection under the statute. It is a clear case. All the statutes should be taken together. The decision of Judge Washington in Ewer v. Coxe, was not appealed from; and the question is for the first time before this court.
Is the deposite of the copy in the office of the secretary of state a condition precedent or subsequent ? There is no question but that it is the latter. There is no need of the deposite being made until six months after publication. From arid after the recording of the title, the right is secured, and the author may immediately bring his action for an infringement. Does: this case stand differently from what it -would if the action had been brought within six months after recording the title page ? Ewer v. Coxe, says the book must be deposited, before the right arises ; the statute says differently.
By the act of 1790 there were certain requisites, not prerequisites, enjoined on an author. Does the law of 1802 make the requisites of the act of 1790 pre-requisites? There -are conclusive reasons against this. It was the intention of the law to add to, but not to change the character of the law of 1790. If this was otherwise, there was a direct repeal of the second section of that law, by which an action is given upon filing, the title page in the clerk's office.
The act of 1802 is in addition to -the first act, but not a repeal of it. This is the hinge of this case. The construction

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grig.)
contended for will repeal the second section of the act of 1790, and will create a forfeiture.
What reason is there to doubt that the copies were deposited as required by the law ? It is the ordinary course of trade to deliver them. Is it an unfair construction to suppose that the one copy required by the laws to be delivered, is included"in the eighty copies delivered as reporter ? Is there not a special provision in the case of the reporter, that he shall deliver eighty copies, while others deliver one copy. The same term of six months is required for the delivery in both.
Mr Justice M'LEAN delivered the opinion of the Court, After stating the case, he proceeded : Some of the questions which arise in this case are Qs novel, in this country, as they are interesting. But one case invol.ving similar principles, except a decision by a state court, has occurred ; and that was decided by the circuit court-of the United States for the district of Pennsylvania, from whose decree no appeal was taken. 'The right of the complainants must be first examined. If this right shall be sustained as set forth in the bill, and the defendants shall be proved to-have violated it, the court will be bound to give the appropriate redress. The complainants assert their right on two grounds. First, under the common law. Secondly, under the acts of congress. And they insist, in the first place, that an author was entitled, at common law, to a perpetual property in the copy of his works, and in the profits of their publication ; and to recover damages for its injury, by an action on the case, and to the protection of a court of equity. In support of this proposition, the counsel for the complainants have indulged in a wide range of argument, and have shown great industry and ability. The limited time allowed for the preparation of this opinion, will not admit of an equally extended consideration of the subject by the court. Perhaps 'no topic in England has excited more discussion, among literary and talented men, than that of the literary property of authors. So engrossing was the subject, fora long time, as to leave few neutrals, among those who were distin-

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Poters and Grigg.]
guished for their learning and ability. At length the question, whether the copy of a book or literary composition belongs to the author at common law, was -brought before the court of king's bench, in the great case of Miller v. Taylor, reported in 4 Burr. 2303. This was a case of great expectation; and the four judges, in giving their opinions, seriatim, exhausted the argument on both sides. Two of the judges, and Lord Mansfield held, that, by the common law, an author had a literary property in his works ; and they sustained their opinion with very great ability. Mr Justice Yeates, in an opinion of great length, and With an ability, if equalled, certainly not surpassed, maintained the opposite ground.
Previous to this case, injunctions had issued out of chancery to prevent the publication of certain works, at the instance of those who claimed a property in twe copyright, but no decision had been given. And a case had been commenced, at law,, between Tonson and Collins, on the same ground, and was argued with great ability, more than once, and the court of king's bench were about to take the opinion of all the judges, when they discovered that the suit had been brought by collusion, to try the question, and it was dismissed.
This question was brought before the house of lords, in the case of Donaldson v. Bcckett and others, reported in 4 Burr. 2408.
Lord Mansfield, being a peer, through feelings of delicacy, declined giving any opinion. The eleven judges gave their opinions on the following points. 1st. Whether at common law an author of any bobk or literary composition, had the sole right of first printing, and publishing the same for sale ; and might bring an action against any person who printed, published and sold the same, without his consent. On this question there were eight judges in the affirmative, and three in the negative.
2d. If the author had such right originally, did the law take it away, upon his printing and publishing such book or literary composition; and might any person, afterward, reprint and sell, for his own benefit, such book or literary composition, against the will df the author. This question was answered in the affirmative, by four judges, and in'the negative by seven.
3d. If such action would have lain, at common law, is it taken away by the statute of 8 Anne; and is an author, by

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
the said statute, precluded from every remedy, except on the foundation of the said statute, and on the terms of the conditions prescribed thereby. Six of the judges, to five, decided that the remedy must be under the statute.
4th. Whether the author of any literary composition, and his assigns, had the sole right of printing and publishingthe same in perpetuity, by the common law. Which question was decided in favour of the author, by seven judges to four.
5th. Whether this right is any way impeached, restrained or taken away, by the statute 8 Anne ? Six, to five judges, decided that the right is taken away by the statute. And the lord chancellor, seconding Lord Camden's motion to reverse, the decree was reversed.
It would appear from the points decided, that a majority of the judges were in favour of the common law right of authors, but that the same had been taken away by the statute.
The title and preamble of the statute, 8 Anne, ch. 19, is as follows: "An act for the encouragement of learning by vesting the copies of printed books in the authors or purchasers of such copies, during the times therein mentioned.
"Whereas printers, booksellers and other persons, have of late frequently taken the liberty of printing, reprinting, and publishing, or causing to be printed, reprinted and published, books and other writings without the consent of the authors or proprietors of such books and writings, to their very great detriment, aud too often to the ruin of them and their families," &c.
In 7 Term Rep. 627, Lord Kenyon says, "all arguments in the support of the rights of learned men in their works, must ever be heard with great favour by men of liberal minds to whom they are addressed. It was probably on that account that when the great question of literary property was discussed, some judges of enlightened understanding went the length of maintaining, that the right of publication rested exclusively in the authors and those who claimed under them for all time; but the other opinion finally prevailed, which established that the fight was confined to the times limited by the act of parliament. And, that, I have no doubt, was the right decision."
'And in the case of the University of Cambridge v. Pryer, 16 East 319, Lord Ellenborough remarked, "it has been said that

JANUARY TERM 1834.

057

[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
the statute of 8 Anne has three objects : but I cannot subdivide the two first; I think it has only two. The counsel for the plaintiffs contended that there was no right at common law; and perhaps there might not be; but of that we have not pa'ticularly any thing to do."
From the above authorities, and others which might be referred to if time permitted, the law appears to be well settled in England, that, since the statute of 8 Anne, the literary property of an author in his works can only be asserted under the statute. And that, notwithstanding the opinion of a majority of the judges in the great case of Miller v. Taylor was in favour of the common law right before the statute, it is still
considered., in England, as a question by no means free from doubt.
That an author, at common law, has a property in his manuscript, and may obtain redress against any one who deprives him of it, or by improperly obtaining a copy endeavours to realise a profit by its publication, cannot be doubted ; but this is a very different right from that which asserts a perpetual and exclusive property in the future publication of the work, after the author shall have published it to the world.
The argument that a literary man is as much entitled to the product of his labour as any other member of society, cannot be controverted. And the answer is, that he realises this product by the transfer of his manuscripts, or in the sale of his works, when first published.
A book is valuable on account of the matter it contains, the ideas it communicates, the instruction or entertainment it affords, Does the author hold a perpetual property in these? Is there an implied contract by every purchaser of his book, that he may realise whatever instruction or entertainment which the reading of it shall give, but shall not write out or print its contents.
In what respect does the right of an author differ from that of an individual ,who has invented a most useful and valuable machine ? In the production of this, his mind has been as intensely engaged, as longi and, perhaps, as usefully to the public, as any distinguished author in the. composition of his
book. The result of their labours may be equally beneficial to VOL. vii.-4 H

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
society, and in their respective spheres they may be alike distinguished for mental vigour. Does the common law give a perpetual right to the author, and withhold it from the inventor? And yet it has never been pretended that the latter could hold, by the common law, any property in his invention, after he shall have sold it publicly.
It would seem, therefore, that the existence of a principle may well be doubted, which operates so unequally. This is not a characteristic of the common law. It is said to be founded on principles of justice, and that all its rules must conform to sound reason.
Does not the man who imitates the machine profit as much by the labour of another, as he who imitates or republishes a book? Can there be a difference between the types. and press with which one is formed; and the instruments used in the construction of the others I
That every man is entitled to the fruits of his own labour must be admitted; but he can enjoy them only, except by statutory provision, under the rules of property, which regulate society, and which define the rights of things in general.
But, if the common law right of authors were shown to exist in England, does the same right exist, and to the same extent, in this country.
It is clear, there can be no common law of the United States. The federal government is composed of twenty-four sovereign and independent states; each of which iay have its local usages, customs and commonlaw. There is no principle which pervades the union and has the authority of law,. that is not embodied in the constitution or laws of the union. The common law could be made a part of our federal system, only by legislative adoption.
When, therefore, a common law right is asserted, we must look to the state in which the controversy originated. And in the case under consideration, as the copyright was entered in the clerk's office.of the district court of Pennsylvania, for the first volume of the book in controversy, and it was'published in that state; we may inquire, whether the common law, as to copyrights, if any existed. was adopted in Pennsylvania.
It is insisted, that our ancestors, when they migrated to this

JANUARY TERM 1834.
tWheaton and Donaldson-v. Peters and Grigg.]
country, brought with them the English common law, as a parTt hoaftththeiisr hwearsitathgee.case, to a limited extent, is admitted. No one will contend, that the common law, as it existed in England, has ever been in force in all its provisions, in any state in this union. It was adopted, so far only as its principles were suited to the condition of the colonies : and from.this circumstance we see, what is common law in one-state, is not so considered in another. The judicial decisions, the usages and customs of the respective states, must determine, how far the common law has been introduced and sanctioned in each.
In the argument, it was insisted, that no presumption could be drawn against the existence of the common law, as to copyrights, in Pennsylvania, from the fact of its never having been asserted, until the commencement of this suit.
It may be true, in general, that the failure to assert any par. ticular right, may afford no evidence of the non existence of such right. But the present case may well form an exception to this rule.
If the common law, in all its provisions, has not been introduced into Pennsylvania, to what extenthas it been adopted? Must not this court have some evidence on this subject. If no right, such as is set up by the complainants, has heretofore been asserted, no custom or usage established, no judicial decision been given, can the conclusion be justified, that, by the common law of Pennsylvania, an author has a perpetual property in the copyright of his works.
These considerations might well lead the court to doubt the existence of this Jaw in Pennsylvania ; but there are others of a more conclusive character.
The question respecting the literary property of authors, was not made a subject of judicial investigation in England until 1760 ; and no decision was given until the case of Miller v. Taylor was decided in 1769. Long before this time, the colony of Pennsylvania was settled. What part of the common law did Penn and his associates bring with them from Engand ?
The literary property of authors, as now asserted, was their unknown in that country. Laws had been passed, regulating the publication of new works under license. And the king, as the head of the church and the state, claimed the exclusive

SUPREME COURT.
LWheaton and Donaldson v. Petersand Grigg;]
right of publishing the acts of parliamenl, the book of common prayer, and a few other books.
No such right at the common law had been recognized in England, when the colony of Penn was organized. Long afterwards, literary property became a subject of controversy, but the question was involved in great doubt and- perplexity ; and a little more than a century ago, it was decided by the highest judicial court in England, that the right of authors could not be asserted at common law, but under the statute. The statute of 8 Anne was passed in 1710.
Can it be contended,-that this common law right, so involved in doubt as to divide the most learned jurists of England, at a period in her history, as much distinguished by learning and talents as any other; was brought into the wilds of Pennsylvania by its first adventurers. Was it suited to their condition .
But there is another view still more con(lusive. In the eighth section of the first article of the constitution of the United States it is declared, that congress shall have power "to promote the progress of science and useful arts, by securing for limited times, to authors and inventors, the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries." And in pursuance of the power thus delegated, congress passed the .act of the 30th of May 1790. This is entitled "an act for the encouragement of learning, by securing the copies of maps, charts and books, to the authors and proprietors of such copies, during the times therein mentioned." In the first section of this act, it is provided, "that from and after its passage, the author and authors of any map, chart, book or books, already printed within these United States, being a citizen, &c. who hath or have not transferred to any other person ,the copyright of such, map, chart, book or books, &c. shall have the sole right and liberty of printing, reprinting, publishing and vending such map, book or books, for fourteen years." In behalf of the common law right, an argument has been drawn from the word secure, which is used in relation to this right, both in the constitution and in the acts of congress. This word, when used as a verb actte, signifies to protect, insure, save, ascertaio, &c.

JANUARY TERM 1384.

661

[Wheaton and.Donaldson v..Peters and Grigg.)
The counsel for the complainants insist that the term, as
used, clearly indicates an intention, not to originate a right, but to protect onealready in eiistence.
There is no mode by which the meaning affixed to any word or sentence, by a deliberative body, can be so well ascertained, as by comparing it with the words and sentences with which it stands connected. By this rule the word secure, as used in the constitution, could not mean the protection of an acknowledged legal right. It refers to inventors, as well as authors, and it has never been pretended, by any one, either in this country or in England, that an inventor has a perpetual right, at common law, to sell the thing invented.
And if the word secure is used in the constitution, in reference to a future right, was it not so used in the act of con-
gress ? But, it is said, that part of the first section of the act of con-
gress, which has been quoted, a copyright is not only recognized as existing, but that it may be assigned, as the rights of the assignee are protected, the same as those of the author.
As before stated, an author has, by the common law, a property in his manuscript; and there can be no doubt that the rights of an assignee of such manuscript, would be protected by a court of chancery. This is presumed to be the copyright recognized in the act, and which was intended to be protected by its provisions. And this protection was given, as well to books published under such circumstances, as to manuscript
copies.
That congress, in passing the act of 1790, did not legislate in reference to existing rights, appears lear, from the provision that the author, &c. "shall have'the sole right and liberty of printing," &c. Now if this exclusive right existed at common
law, and congress were about to adopt legislative provisions. for its protection, would they have used this language? Could they have deemed it necessary to vest a right already vested. Such a presumption is refuted by the words above quoted, and their force is not lessened by any other part of the act.
Congress, then, by this act, instead of sanctioning an existing right, as contended for, created it. This seems to be the clear import of the law, connected with the circumstances under which it was enacted.

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
From these considerations i would seem, that if the right of the complainants can be sustained, it must be sustained under the acts of congress. Such was, probably, the opinion of the counsel who framed the bill, as the right is asserted under the statutes, and no particular reference is made to it as existing at common law. The claim, then, of the complainants, must be examined in reference to the statutes under which it is asserted.
There are but two statutes which have a bearing on this subject; one of them has already been named, and the other was passed the 29th of April 1802.
The first section of the act of 1790 provides, that an author, or his assignee, "shall have the sole right and liberty of printing, reprinting, publishing and vending such map, chart, book or books, for the term of fourteen years, from the recording of the title thereof in the clerk's office, as hereinafter directed: and that the author, &c. in books not published, &c. shall have the sole right and liberty of printing, reprinting, publishing and vending such map, chart, book or books, for the like term of fourteen years, from the time of recording the title thereof in the clerk's office, as aforesaid. And at the expiration of the said term, the author, &c. shall have the same dxclusive right continued to him, &c. for the further term of fourteen years: provided he or they shall cause the title thereof to be a second time recorded, and published in the same manner as ie hereinafter directed, and that within six months before the expiration of the first term of fourteen years."
The third section provides, that "no person shall be entitled to the benefit of this act, &c., unless he shall first deposit, &c., a printed copy of the title in the clerk's office, &c." "And such author or proprietor, shall within two months from the date thereof, cause a copy of said record to be published in one or more of the newspapers printed in the United States, for the space of four weeks."
And the fourth section enacts that "the author, &c., shall, within six months after the'publishing thereof, deliver or cause to be delivered to the secretary of state, a copy of the same. to be preserved in his office."
The first section of the act of 1802 provides, that 1"every person who shall claim to be the author, &c;, before he shall

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
be entitled to the benefit of the .act entitled an act for the encouragement of learning, by securing the copies of maps, charts .and books, to the authors and proprietors of such copies, during the time therein, mentioned, he shall, in addition to the requisites enjoined in the third and fourth sections of said act, if a book or books, give information by causing the copy of the record which by said act he is required to publish, to be inserted in the page of the book next to the title."
These are substantially the provisions by which the complainants' right must be tested. They claim under a renewal of the term, but this necessarily involves the validity of the right under the first as well as the second term. In the lan-
guage of the statute, the "same exclusive right" is continued the second term that existed the first.
It will be observed, that a right accrues under the act'of 1790, from the time a copy of the title of the book is deposited in the clerk'p office. But the act of 1802 adds another requisite to the accruing of the right, 'and that is, that the record made by the clerk, shall be published in the page next to the title page of the book.
And it is argued with great earnestness and ability, that these are the- only requisites to the perfection of the complainants' title. That the requisition of the third section to give public notice in the newspapers, and that contained in the fourth to deposit a copy in the department of state; are acts subsequent to the accruing of the right, and whether they are performed or not, cannot materially affect the title.
The case is compared to a grant with conditions subsequent, which can never operate as a forfeiture of the title. It is said also that the object of the publication in the newspapers, and the deposite of the copy in the department of state was merely to give notice to the public; and 'that such acts, not being essential to the title, after so great a lapse of time, may well be presumed. That if neither act had been done, the right of the partyhaving accrued, before either was reiuired to be done, it must remain unshaken.
This right, as has been shown, does not exist at common law-it originated, if at all, under the acts of congress. No one can deny that when the legislature are about to vest an exclusive* right in an author or an inventor, they have the

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheatoni and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
power to prescribe the conditions on which such right shall be enjoyed; and that no one can avail himself of such right who does not substantially comply with the requisitions of the law.
This principle is familiar, as it regards patent rights; and it is the same in relation to the copyright of a book. If any difference shall be made, as it respects a strict .conformity to the law, it would seem to be more reasonable to make the requirement of the author, rather than tle inventor.
The papers of the latter are examined in the department of state, and require the sanction of the attorney-general; but the author takes every step on his own responsibility, unchecked by the scrutiny or sanction of any public functionary.
The acts required to bo done by an author, to secure his right, are in the order in which they must naturally transpire. First, the title of the book is to be deposited with the clerk, and the record he makes must be inserted in the first or second page; then the public notice in the newspapers is to be given; and within six months after the' publication of the book, a copy must be deposited in the department of state.
A right undoubtedly accrues on the record being made with the clerk, and the printing of it as required ; but what is the nature of that right. Is it perfect ? If so, the other two requisites are wholly useless.
How can the author be compelled either to give notice in the newspaper, or deposit a copy in the state department. The statute affixes no penalty for a failure to perform either of these acts; and it provides no means, by which it may be
enforced.
But we are told they are unimportant acts. If they are indeed wholly unimportant, congress acted unwisely in requiring them to be done. But whether they are important or not, is not for the court to determine, but the legislature; and in what light they were considered by the legislature, we can learn only by their official acts.
Judging then of these acts by this rule, we are not at.liberty to say they are unimportant and may be dispensed with.
They are acts which the law requires to be done, and may this court dispense with their performance.
But the inquiry is made, shall the non performance of these subsequent conditions operate as a forfeiture of the right ?

JAP'UARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and 'Grigg.]
The answer is, that this is not a technical grant of precedent and subsequent conditions. All the conditions are important; the law requires them to be performed; and, consequently, their performance is essential to a perfect title. On the performance of a part of them, the right vests; and this was qssential to its protection under the statute: but other acts are to be done, unless congress have legislated in vain, to render the right perfect.
*The notice could not be published until after the entry with the clerk, nor could the book be deposited with the secretary of state until it was published. But these are acts riot less important than those which are requirdd to be done previously. They iorm a part of the title, and until they are performed, the
title is not perfect. The deposite of the book in the department of state, may be
important to identify it at any future period, should the copyright be contested, or an unfounded claim of authorship asserted.
But, if doubts could be entertained whether the notice and deposite of the book in the state department, were essential to the title, under the act of 1790; on which act my.opinion is principally founded; though I consider it in c6nnexion with-the other act; there is, in the opinion of three of the judges, no ground for doubt under the act of 1802. The latter act declares that every author, &c. before he shall be entitled to the benefit of the former act, shall, "in addition to the requisitions enjoined in the third and fourth sections of said act, if a book, publish," &c.
Is not this a clear exposition of the first act? Can an author claim the benefit of the act of 1790, without performing "the requisites enjoined in the third aiid fourth sections of it." If there be any meaning in language, the act of 1802, the three judges think, requires these requisites to be performed "in addition" to the one required by that act, before an autbor, &c. 'qshall be entitled to the benefit of the first act."
The rule by which conditions precedent and subsequent are construed, in a grant, can have no application to the case under consideration ; as every requisite, in both acts, is essential to the title.
A renewal of the term of fourteen years, can only be ob-
VOL. viii.-4 i

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson r. Peters and Grigg.]
tamed by having the title page recorded with the- clerk, and the record published on the page next to that of the title, and public notice given Within six months before the expiration of the first term.
In opposition to 'the construction -of the above" statutes,o s nbw given, the counsel for the complainants referred to several decisions in England, on the construction of the statute of 8 Anne, and other statutes.
In'the case of Beckford v. Hood, 7 Term. Rep. 620, the court ofking's bench decided, "that an author, whose work is pirated before the expiration of twenty-eight years from the first publication of it, may maintain an action on the case for damages, against the offending party, although the work was not entered at Stationers Hall." But this entry was necessary only to subject the offender to certain penalties, provided in,the statute of 8 Anne. The suit brought was not-for the penalties, and consequently, the entry of the work at Stationers Hall, was not made a question in the case. In the case of Blackwell v., Harper, 2 Atk. 95, Lord Hardwicke-is reported to have said, upon the -act of 8 Anne, c. 19, "the clause of registering with the: Stationers Company, is relative to the penalty, and the property cannot vest without such entry;" for the words are, fl that nothing in this act shall be construed to subject any bookseller, &c. to the forfeitures, &c. by reason of printing any book, &c. unless the title to the copy of such book, hereafter published, shall, before such publication, be entered in the register book of 'the Company of Stationers."
The very language quoted by his lordship shows, that the entry was not necessary to an investiture of. the -title, but to the recovery of the penalties provided in the act against those who pirated the work.
His lordship deeided in the samhe case, that "under an act of parliament; providing that a certain inventor shall have the sole right and liberty of printing and reprinting certain -prints for the term of fourteen years, and to commence from the day of first publishing thereof, which shall be truly engraved with the name of the pxoprietor on each plate,, and printed on every such print or prin'ts," the property in the prints vests absolutely in the engraver, though the day of publication is not mentioned."

JANUARY TERM' 1834.
tWhefIton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
The authority of this case is seriously questioned in the ease of Newton v. Cowie, 4 Bingham 241. And it,would seem, froni the decision of Lord Hardwicke, that he had doubts of the correctness of the decision, as he decreed an injunction, without by-gone profits. And Lord Alvanly, in the' case of Harrison v. Hogg, cited in 4 Bing. 242, said "that he was glad he wds relieved .from.deciding on the same act, as he was inclinid to Oiffer from Lord Hardwicke."
By a: reference to the English authorities in the construction of statutes, somewhat analogous to those under which the complainants set up their right, it wilt be found that the decisions often conflict with each other; but it is believed that,no settled construction has been given to any British statute, in all respects similar to those under consideration, which is at variance with the one now given. If,however, such an instance -could be found, it would not lessen the confidence we feel in the correctness of the view which we have taken.
-The act of congress under which Mr Wheaton, one of the cormplinants, in his capacity of reporter, -was required to deliver eighty copies of each volume of his reports to the department of state, and which were, probabjy, faithfully delivered, does not exonerate. him from the deposite of a copy under the act of 1790. The eighty volumes were delivered for a-different purpose; and. cannot excuse the deposite of the one volume as specially required.
The construction of the acts of congress being settled, in the further investigation of the case it would become necessary to look into the evidence and ascertain whether the complainants have'not shown a substantial compliance with every legal requisite. But on reading the evidence we entertain ,doubtsi, which induce us to remand the cause to the circuit court, where the facts can be ascertained by a jury,
And the cause is accordingly remanded to the circuit court, with directions to that court to order an issue of facts to be examined and tried by a jury, at the bar of said court, upon this point, viz. whether the said Wheaton as author, or any other person as proprietor, had complied with the requisites prescribed by the third and. fourth sections of the said act of congress, passed the 31st day of May 1790, in regard to the volumes of Wheaton's Reports in the said bill mentioned, or in

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters andGrigg.]
regard to one or more of them in the following particulars, viz. whether the said Wheaton or proprietor did, withiw two months from the date of the recording thereof in the clerk's office of the district court, causd a copy of the said recori to be published in one or more of the newspapers printed in the resident states, for the space of four weeks; and whether the said Wheaton or proprietor after the publishing thereof, did deliver or cause to be delivered to the secretary of state of the United States, a copy of the same to be preserved in his office, according to the provisions of the said third and fourth sections of the said act.
And if the said requisites have not been complied with in regard to all the said volumes, then the jury to find in particular in regard to what volumes they or either of them have been so complied with.
It may be proper to remark that the court are unanimously of opinion, that no reporter has or can have any copyright in the -written opinions delivered" by this court; and that the judges thereof cannot confer on any reporter any such right.
Mr Justice THOMPSON, dissenting. It is matter of regret with me, at any time to dissent from an opinion pronounced by a. majority of this-court, andfwhere my mind is left balancing, after a full examination of the case, my habitual respect for the opinion of my brethren may justify a surrender of my own. But where no such apology is left to me to rest upon, it becomesa duty to adhere to my own opinion ; and I shall proceed to assign the reasons which have led me to a conclusion different from that at which a majority of the court has arrived. It is unnecessary for me to'state any thing more with respect to the bill and answer, than barely to observe that the complainants in the court below rest their claim, both upon the statutory and the common law right. The bill charges, that all the provisions of the acts of congress have been complied with; that every thing has been done which was required by those acts in order to entitle them to the benefit thereof; and that if it were otherwise, the oratori Henry Wheaton, has, as the author of said reports, the property in the copy of the same, .and the sole right to eniov and dispose of the same.

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
It would be improper in the present stage of this cause to. examine the evidence which. was before the court below, touching certain questions of fact which it is alleged are required by the acts of congress in order to entitle the complain. ants to the benefit of those acts, have been complied with. An issue has been directed to inquire into those matters., Nor is it deemed necessary to examine whether the publication of the Condensed Reports by the defendants, is a violation of the complainants' copyright, if they have complied with all the requisites of the acts of congress. This would seem necessarily implied, by the ordering of the issue; for such inquiries would be useless, if the right secured under those acts has not been
violated. I shall therefore confine myself to an examination of the
common law right, and the effect and operation of the acts of congress upon such right.
I think I may assume as a proposition not to be questioned, that in England, prior to the statute of Anne, the right of an author to the benefit and profit of his work, is recognized by the common law. No case has been cited on the argument, and none has fallen under my observation, at all throwing in doubt this general propostlon. Whenever the question has been there agitated, it has been in connection with the operation of the statute upon this right. The case of Miller v. Taylor, 4 Burr. 2303, decided in the year 1769, was the first determination in-the court of king's bench upon the common law right of literary property. In that case the broad question i stated and examined, whether the copy of a book or literary composition belongs to the author by the common law; and three of the judges, including Lord Mansfield, decided in the affirmative. Mr Justice Yeates dissented. But I am not aware that upon this abstract question a contrary decision has ever been 'made in England. This would seem to be sufficient to put at rest that general question, and render it unnecessary to go into a very particular examination of the reasons and grounds upon which the decision was founded. The elaborate examination bestowed upon the question by the judges in that case, has brought into view, on both sides of the question, the main arguments of which the point is susceptible. The great principle on which the author's right rests, is, thdt it is the

670

SUPREME-COURT.

(Wheaton and Dbnaldson v. eters and Grigg.]
fruit or production of his- own labour, and which may, by -the labour of the faculties of the mind, establish a right of property, as well as by the faculties of the body; and it is difficult to. perceive any well founded objection to such a claim of right. It is founded upon the soundest principles of justice, equity and public policy. Blackstone, in his Commentaries, 2d.vol. 405, has succinctly stated the principle,.that when a 'Man, by the exertion of his rational powers, has produced an original work,
he seems to have clearly a right to dispose of that identical work as he pleases; and any attempt to vary the disposition he has made, of it, appears to be an invasion of that right. That the 'identity-of a literary composition consists entirely in the sentiment and the language. The same conception, clothed in thp same words, must necessarily be the same composition; and whatever method be taken to exhibit that composition to the ear or to the eye of another, by recital, by writing, or by printing, in any number of copies, or at any period of time, it is always the identical work of the author which is so exhibited; and no other man, it has been thought, can'have a right to exhibit it, especi~dly for profit, without the author's consent. The origin of this right is not probably to be. satisfactorily ascertained,- and indeed if it could, it might be considered an objection to its existence as a common" law right; but'from the time of the invention of printing, in the early partv of the fifteenth century, such a right seems to have been recognized. The historical account of the recoknition of the right, is to'be collected from the discussions in Miller v. Taylor. The Stationers Company was incorporated in the year 1556, and from that time to the year 1640 the crown exercised an unlimited authority over the press, which was enforced by the summary process of search, confiscation and-imprisomnent, given to the Stationers Company, and executed by the then supreme jurisdiction of the star chamber. In the year 1640 the star chamber was abolished; and the existence 9f copyrights before that period, upon principles of usage, can only be looked for in the Stationers Company, or the star chamber or acts of state; and. the evidence upon this point, says Mr Justice Wills, is liable to little suspicion. It was indifferent to the views of government
whether the property of an innocent book licensed, was open or private property.

JANUARY TERM 1834.

671

Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters 'and Qrlgg.]
It was certainly against the power of the crown to allow it as private property, without being protected by any royal privilege. It could be done.only on principles of private justice, moral fitness and public convenience, which, when applied to a new subject, make common law, without a precedent; much more when received and approved by usage. And in this case of Miller v. Taylor, it was found by the special verdict, "that before the reign of her late majesty, queen Anne, it was usual to purchase. from authors the perpetual copyright of their books, and to assign the same from band to hand for valuable consideration, and to make the same the subject of family settlements, for the provision of wives and children." This usage is evidence of the common law, and shows that the copyright was considered and treated as property, transferable from party to party; and property, too, of a permanent nature, suit-
able for family settlement and provisions. Common law, says Lord Coke, 1 Inst. 1, 2, is sometimes
called right, common right, common justice.. And Lord Mansfield says, the common lav is drawn from the principles ofright and wrong, the fitness of things, convenience -and policy. And it is upon these principles that the opyright of authors is protected. After the year 1640, when the press became subject. to license, the various ordinances and acts of parliament referred
to in Miller v. Taylor, and collected in Maugham's treatise on the Law of Literary Property, p. 13-16, necessarily imply, and presuppose, the existence of a- common, law right in the
author.
The common law, says an- eminent jurist, 2 Kent's Comm. 471, includes those principles, usages and rules:of action, ap-
plicable to the government and security of person and property which do n~ot- rest for their authority upon any express and positive declaration of the will of the. legislature. A great proportion of the rules and maxims which constitute the immense code' oi the common law, grew into use by gradual adoption, and received, from time to time, the sanction of the courts of justice, without any "legislative act or interference. It was the application of the dictates of natural Justc, and of cultivdted reason, to particular cases. In thejust language -of sir Matthew Hale, the common law of England is not the pro. duct of the.wisdom of some one man, or society of men, in any

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldsonv. Peters and Grigg.]
one age, but of the wisdom, counsel, experience and observation of many ages of wise and observing men. And, in accordance with these sound principles, and as applicable to the subject of copyright, are the remarks'of Mr Christian, in his notes to Blackstone's Commentaries, 2 B1. Comm. 06, and note. Nothing, says he, is more erroneous, than the practice of referring the origin of moral rights, and the system of natural equity, to the savage state, which is supposed to have preceded civilized establishments, in which literary composition, and, of consequence, the right to it, could have no existence. But the true mode of ascertaining a moral right, is to inquire whether it is such As the reason, the cultivated reason of mankind must necessarily assent to. No proposition seems more conformable to that criterion, than that every one should enjoy the reward of his labour, the harvest where he has sown, or the fruit of the tree which he has planted. Whether literary property is sui generis, or under whatever denomination of rights it may be classed, it seems founded upon the same principle of general utility to society, which is the basis of all other moral rights and obligations. Thus considered, an author's copyright ought to be esteemed an invaluable right, established in sound reason and abstract morality.
It is unnecessary, for the purpose of showing my views upon this branch of the case, to add any thing more. In my judgment, every principle of justice, equity, morality, fitness and sound policy concurs, in protecting the literary labours of men, to the same extent that property acquired by manual labour is protected. The objections to the admission of the common law right of authors, are generally admitted to be summed up, in all their force and strength, by Mr Justice Yeates, in the case of Miller v. Taylor. These objections may be classed under two heads ' the one founded upon the nature of the property or subject matter of the right claimed; and the other on the presumed abandonment of the right by the author's publication.
Thefirst appears to me to be too subtle and metaphysical to command the assent of any one, or to be adopted as the ground of deciding the question. It seems to be supposed, thalt the right claimed is to the ideas contained in the book.* The claim, says Mr Justice Yeates, is to the style and ideas of the athor's composition; and it is a well established maxim, that

JANUARY TERM _1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
nothing can be an object of property which has not a borporal substance. The property claimed is all ideal; a set of ideas which have no bounds or marks whatever-nothing that is capable of a visible possession-nothing that can sustain any one of the qualities or incidents of property. Their whole existence is in the mind alone. Incapable of any other modes of acquisition or enjoyment than by mental possession or apprehension ; safe and invulnerable from' their own immate-riality, no trespass can reach them, no tort affect them ; no fraud or violence diminish or damage them. Yet these are the phantoms which the author would grasp and confine to himself; and these are what the defendant is charged with having robbed the plaintiff of.
He asks, can sentiments themselves (apart from the paper on which they are contained) be taken in execution for a debt;or if the author commits treason or felony, or is outlawed, can the ideas be forfeited' Can'sentiments be seized ; or, by any act whatever, be vested in the crown I If they cannot be seized, the sole right of publishing them cannot be confined to the author. How strange and singular, says he, must this extraordinary kind of property be, which cannot be visibly possessed, forfeited or seized, nor is susceptible of any external injury, nor, consequently, of any specific or possible remedy.
These, and many other similar declarations are made by Mr Justice Yeates, to illustrate his view of the nature of a copyright. And he seems to treat thequestion, as if the claim was to a mere idea, not embodied or exhibited in any tangible form
or shape. No such pretension has ever been set up, that I am aware of, by any advocate of the right to literary property.
And this view of it would hardly.deserve a serious notice, had it not been taken by a distinguished judge. Lord Mansfield, in the case of Miller v. Taylor, in defining the natule of the right or copyright, says, "I use the word copy. in the technical sense in which that name or term has been used for ages, to signify an incorporeal right to the sole printing and publishing of something intellectual, communicated by letters;" and this is the sense in which I understand the term copyright always to be used, when spoken of as property.
The other objection urged by Mr Justice Yeates, that the
publication by' the author is an abandonment of the exclusive voL. vm.-4 X

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.)
right, rests upon more plausible grounds, but is equally destitute of solidity.
This would seem, according to his view of the case, the mnain point in the cause. The general question, he says, is, whether, after a voluntary and general publicationof an authr's work by himself) or by his authority, the author has a sole and perpetual property in that work, so as to give him a right to confine every subsequent publication to himself, or his assigns, for ever.
And he lays down this general proposition. That the right of publication must for ever depend on the claimant's property in the thing to be published. Whilst the subject of publication continues his own ex(,lusive property, he will so long have the sole and perpetual right to publish it. But whenever that property ceases, or by any act or event becomes common, the right of publication will' be equally common. The particular terms in which Mr Justice Yeates states his proposition, are worthy of notice. 'He puts the case upon its being a general publication, the meaning of which undoubtedly is, that the publication is with~ut any restriction expressed or implied, as to the use to be made of it by the party into whose hands it might come, by purchase ov otherwise. Unless suchwas his meaning, the proposition, I prbsume, no one will contend, can be maintained. Suppose aft express contract made with a party who shall purchase a book, that he shall not republish it; this surely would be binding upon him.
So, if the bookseller should give a like notice of the author's claim, and a purchase of a book made without any express stipulation not to republish, the law would imply an assent to the condition. And any circumstances from which such an undertaking could be reasonably inferr~d, would lead to the same legal consequences. The nature of the property, and the general purposes for which it is published and sold, show the use which is to be made of it. The usual and common object which a person has in view in the purchase of a book is for the instruction, information or entertainment to be derived from it, and not for republication of the work. It is the use of it for these purposes which is implied in the sale and purchase. And this use. is in subordination to the antecedent and higher right f the author; and comes strictly within the maxim, sic utere

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
tuo ut alienam non loedas. But the case is not left to rest on any implied notice of the author's claim, and the conditions on which he makes it public. This is contained on the title page of the very book purchased, and cannot be presumed to escape the notice of the purchaser. It is there, in terms, announced, that the author claims the right of publication ; and whoever purchases, therefore, does it with notice of such claim, and is bound to use it in subordination thereto. Mr Justice Yeates admits, that every man is entitled to the fruits of his;own labour; but that he can be entitled to it only, subject to the general rights of mankind, and the general rules of property ; and that there must be a limitation to such right, otherwise the rights of others are inffinged. The force of such limitation upon the right, is not readily perceived. If the right exists, it is a common law right, growing out of the natural justice of the case; being the result of a man's own labour. He thinks the statute of Anne fixes a just limitation. But suppose no statute had been passed on the subject ; where would have been the limitati6n? The right existing, who would have authority to say where it should end 1 It must necessarily be without limitation, and it isno infringement of the rights of others. 'They enjoy it for the purpose intended, and according to the nature of the property. The purchaser of the book has a right to all the benefit resulting from the information or amusement he can derive from it. And if, in consequence thereof, he can write a book on the same subject, he has a right so to do. But thisis a very different use of the property from the taking and publishing the very language and sentiment of the author; which constitute the identity of his work. Mr Justice Yeates puts the effect of a publication upon the ground of intent in the author. The act of publication, says he, when voluntarily done by the author, is virtually and necessarily a gift to the public. And be must be deemed to have so intended it. But no such intention can surely be inferred, when the contrary intention is ihiscribed upon the first page of the book, which cannot escape notice. The case of Percival v. Phipps, 2 Ves. and Beam. 1'd, recognises the implied. prohibition against publishing the work of another, arising from the very nature of the property. It 'was held in that case, that private letters, having the character

SUPREME COURT,
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
of.. literary composition, were within the spirit of the act protecting literary property, and that by sending a letter, the writer did not give the receiver authority to publish it; and this is the doctrine of Lord Hardwicke in Pope v. Carl, 2 Atk. 842, where it is said that familiar letters may form a literary composition, in which the author retains his copyright, and does not, by sending them to the person to whom they are addressed, authorise him or a third person to use them for the purpose of profit, by publishing them against the interest and intention of the author. That by sending the letter, though he parts withthe property of the paper, he does not part with the property of copyright in the composition.
But how stands the case, with respect to the effect of publication by the author, according to Mr Justice Yeates's own rule. He says, "in all abandonments of such kind of property, two circumstances are necessary," an actue relinquishing the possession, and an intentionto relinquish it. 'That the author's name being inserted in the title page is no reason against the abandonment ; for many of our best and noblest authors have published their works from more generous views than pecuniary profit. Some have written for fame, and the benefit of mankind. That the omiesion ,f the author's name can make no difference; for if the property be absolutely his, he has no occasion to add his name to the title page. He cannot escape, it seems, from calling the copyright property, although a mere idea; afid resorts again to his favourite theory, that it has no indicia, no distinguishing marks to denote his proprietary intererst therein'; and hard, says he, would be the law, that should adjudge a man guilty of a crime, when he had no possibility of knowing that he was doing the least Wrong to any individual. That he could not know who was the proprietor of these intellectual ideas, they not having any ear-mparks upon them, or tokens of a particular proprietor.
If, as Mr Justice Yeates admits, it is a question of intention whether the author meant to abandon his work to the public, and relinquish all private or individual claims to it, no possible doubt can exist as to the conclusion in the present case. Would a jury hesitate a moment upon the question under the etidence before the court I The right set up and stamped uporn the title p4ge of the book, shuts the door against any infer.

JANUARY TERM 1834.

[WhQalon W .Doppsdson v, Peters and Grigg.]

ence, that the publication was intended to be a gift to the

public.

Mr Justice tion isin man

tes admits, that so long as a literary composiipt, and remains under the sole dominion of

the author, it is his exclusive property. It would seem, therefore, that the idea when once reduced to writing, is susceptible

of identity, and becomes the subject of property. But property without the right to use it, is empty sound, says Mr

Justice Aston in Miller v. Taylor. And, indeed, it would seem a mere mockery for the law to recognize any thing as

property, which the owner could not use safely and securely for the purposes for which it was intended, unless interdicted,

by the principles of morality or public policy.

It is not necessary that I should go into any particular examination of the construction of the statute of Anne, or to what extent it may affect the common law right of authors in England; because, as I shall hereafter show, that statute was never considered in force in Pennsylvania. The mere common law right, uninfluenced by that statute, is alone drawn in question under this branch of the case. And the decision in the case of Miller v. Taylor, would seem to put that question at rest in England, at that day. Mr Justice Yeates, in aid of

his opinion, relied much upon that statute; arguing that from the title, which is an "act for the encouragement of learning

by vesting the copies of printed books in the authors or purchasers of such copies during the times therein mentioned;"

and from the provision in the act, that the sole right should be vested, &c. for twenty-one years and no longer; the right

was created, and limited by the act, and did not rest upon the
common law. The other three judges, however, maintained,
that an author's right was not derived from the statute, but that he had an original perpetual common law right and property in his work, and that the statute was only cumulative, and giving additional remedies for a violation of the right.
That the preamble in the act proceeds up6n the ground of a right of property in the author having been violated; and that the act was intended as a confirmation of such right. And that from the remedy enacted against the violation of the right being only temporary, it might be argued, that it afforded an implication, that there existed no right but what was

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
secured by the act. To guard against which, there is an express saving in the ninth section of the act. "Provided that nothing in this act contained, shall extend or be construed to extend either to prejudice or confirm any right, that the said universities or any of them, or any person or persons, have or claim to have to the printing or reprinting, any book or copy already printed or hereafter to be printed." That the words any right, manifestly ineant any other right, than the term secured by the act. It may be observed here, that whatever may be the just weight to be given to the term "vested" and the words "no longer," as used in the statute of Anne, and so much relied on by Mr Justice Yeates, have no application to our acts of congress; no such term or provision being used. A .writ of error was brought in this case of Miller v. Taylor, but afterwards abandoned, and the law was considered settled, until called in question in Donaldson v. Beckett, 4 Burr. 2408, which came before the house of lords in the year 1774, upon an appeal from a decree of the court of chancery, founded upon the judgment'in Miller v. Taylor.
Upon this appeal certain questions were propounded to the twelve judges. Lord Mansfield, however gave no opinion, it being very unusual, as the reporter states, from reasons of delicacy, for a peer to support his own judgment upon appeal to the house of lords. This statement necessarily implies, however, that he had not changed his opinion. There were, therefore, eleven judges who voted upon the questions.
One of the questions propounded was: whether, at common law, an author of any book or literary composition, had the sole right of first printing and publishing the same for sale, and might bring an action against any person who printed, published and sold the same without his consent.
Upon this question ten voted in the affirmative, and one in the negative.
Another question was: if the author had such right originally, did the law take it away, upon his printing and publishing such book or literary composition, and might any person, afterwards, reprint and sell, for his own benefit, such book or literary composition, against the will of the author.
Upon this question seven were in the negative, and four in the affirmative.

JANUARY TERM 1834.

679

[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
The vote upon these two questions settled the point, that, by the common law, the author of any literary composition, and his assigns, had th6 sole right of printing and publishing the same in perpetuity.
Another question propounded was: if an action would have lain, at common law, is it taken away by the statute of Anne ? and is an author, by the said statute, precluded from every remedy, except on the foundation of the statute, and on the terms and conditions prescribed thereby ?
Upon this question, six voted in the affirmative, and five in the negative ; and it will be perceived, that if Lord Mansfield had voted on this question, and in conformity with his opinion in Miller v. Taylor, the judges would have been equally divided.
That the law in England has not been considered as settled, in conformity with the vote on this last question, is very certain. For it is the constant practice, in chancery, to grant injunctions to restrain printers from publishing the works of others, which practice can only besustained on the ground that the penalties given by the statute, are not the only remedy that can be resorted to. In Miller v. Taylor, Lord Mansfield says, the whole jurisdiction exercised by the court of chancery, since 1710, the date of the statute of Anne, against pirates of copies, is an authority that authors had a property antecedent, to which the act gives a temporary additional security. It can stand upon no other foundation. And in the case of Beckford v. Hood, 7 Term Rep. 616, it was decided, that an author whose work is pirated before the expiration of the time limited in the statute, may maintain an action on the case for damages, against the offending party. Lord Kenyon says, the question is, whether the right of property being vested in authors for certain periods,,the common law remedy for a violation of it, does not attach within the time limited by the act of parliament. Within those periods, the act says, that the author shall' have the sole right and liberty of printing, &c. Thus the statute having vested that right in the author, the common law gives the remedy by action in the case for violation of it; and that the meaning of the act in creating the penalties, was to give an accumulative remedy. And in this all the judges concurred. And Mr J istice Grose ob-

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
serves, that in the great case of Miller v. Taylor, Mr Justice Yeates gave his opinion against the common law right of authors; but be was decidedly of opinion, that an exclusive right of property was vested by the statute for the time limited ; and he says, that by the deciadon in the house of lords of Donaldson v. Beckett, the common law right of action is not considered as taken away by the statute of Anne, but that it could not be exercised beyond the time limited by that statute : and it is worthy of notice that this action on the case, for damages, was sustained, although the Work was not entered at Stationers Hall, nor the author's name affixed to the first publication. This, Lord Kenyon observes, was to serve as a notice and warning to the public, that none might ignorantly incur the penalties and forfeitures given against such as pirate the works of others. But calling on a party who has injured the civil property of another, for a remedy in damages, cannot properly fall under the description of a forfeiture or penalty.
From this view of the law, as it stands in England, it is very clear that, previous to the statute of Anne, the perpetual common law right of authors, was undisputed. That afterthat statute, in the case of Miller v. Taylor, it wab feld, that this common law right remained unaffected by the statute, which only gave a cumulative remedy. That the subsequent case of Donaldson v. Beckett, limited the right to the times mentioned in the statute. But that for all violations of the right during that time, all the common law remedies continued, although no entry of the work at Stationers Hall had been made, according to the provisions of the statute. Such entry being necessary, only for the purpose of subjecting the party violating the right, to the penalties given by the act.
I do not deem it necessary particularly to inquire, whether, as an abstract question, the same reasons do not exist for the protdction of mechanical iuventions, as the production of mental labour. The inquiry is not, whether it would have been wise to have recognized an exclusive right to mechanical inventions. It is enough, when we are inquiring what the law is, and not what it ought to have been, to find that no such principle ever has been recognized by any judicial decision. The argument was urged with great earnestness by Mr Justice Yeates in Miller v. Taylor, but repudiated by Lord Mansfield and the other

JANUARY TERM 1884..
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
judges. With respect to copyrights, however, the law has been considered otherwise ; and the original conmnon law right fully established, though modified. in some respects by the statute of Anne.
I shall proceed, now, to some notice of the light in which copyrights have been viewed in this country.
It appears from the journals of tie old congress (8 Journals 257), that this question was brought before that body by sundry papers and memorials on the subject of literaryproperty; and which were referred to a committee, of which Mr Madison was one; and on the 27th of May 1783, the following resolution was reported and adopted.
"Resolved, that it be recommended to the several states, to secure to the authors or publishers of any new books not hiherto printed, being citizens of the United States, and to their executors, administrators and assigns, the copyrigt of such books for a certain time, not less than fourteen years from the first publication ; and to secure to the said authors, if they shall survive the term first mentioned, and to their executors, administrators and assigns, the copyright of such books'for another term or time, not less than fourteen years; such copy or exclu. sive right of printing, publishing and vending the same, to be secured to the original authors or publishers, their executors, administrators and assigns, by such laws and such restrictions, as to the several states may seem proper."
This right is here treated and dealt with as property already existing; and not as creating any thing which had previously no being. It is spoken of as something tangible, that might pass to -executors and administrators, and transferable by assign. ment. And the recommendation to the states was, to pass lawp to Istecmuruesstubcehprriegshutm. ed, that congress understood the light in which this subject was viewed in the mother country. And it is deserving of notice, that Mr Madison, one of the committee, afterwards wrote the number in the Federalist, where this subject is-discussed; and where it is expressly asserted, that this has been adjudged in England to be a right at common law.
And it is worthy of remark also, that no mention is here made of any right in mechanical inventions: and although the arts and sciences are connected in the sarne clause itithe con-
VOL. vii,-4 L

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
stitution, and placed under the legislative power of congress, it does not, by any means follow, that they were-considered as standing on the same footing.
Several of the states had already passed laws on this subject; and many others, in compliance with the recommendation of congeess, did the same.
The state of Massachusetts, as early- as March 1783, passed a,law, entitled, "an act for the purpose of securing to authors, the exclusive right and benefit of publishing their literary productions for twenty-one years." The preamble to this act shows, in a strong and striking manner, the views entertained at that day in this enlightened state, of the value of this right. "Whereas, the improvement of knowledge, the progress of civilization, the public weal of the community, and the advancement of human happiness greatly depend on the efforts -of learned and ingenious persons, in the various arts and sciences; as the principal encouragement such persons can have, to make great and beneficial exertions of this nature, must exist in the legal security of the fruits of their study and industry, to themselves; and as such security is one of the natural rights of all men, there being no property more peculiarly a man's own, than that which is produced by the labour of his mind: therefore, to encourage learned and ingenious persons to write useful books, for the benefit of mankind, be it enacted," &c. The act then proceeds to declare, that all books, treatises and other literary works, &c. shall be the sole property of the author or authors, being subjects of the United States 'ofAmerica, their heirs. and assigns, for the full and complete term of twenty.one years from the date of theirfirst publication. And certain penalties are affixed to a violation of the right, with a proviso, that the act shall not be construed to extend in favour, or for the benefit of any author, or subject of any other of the United States, until the state of which such author is a subject, shall have passed similar laws for securing to authors the exclusive right and benefit of publishing their literary productions. 1 Laws Mass. 94.
This act recognizes in the fullest and most unqualified manner,--the natural right which an author has to the productions and labour of his own mind. And it is worthy of notice, that the act does not recognize as a natural right, or in any manner

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
provide for the protection of inechanical inventions; thereby showing the distinction between mental and manual labour in the view of that legislature, although it is. now attempted to put them on the same footing.
The state of Connecticut had, previously, in the same year (January 1783), passed an act for the encouragement of literature and genius, containing the following Preamble: "whereas it is perfectly agreeable to the principles of natural justice and equity, that every-author should be secured in receiving the profits that may arise from the sale of his works ; and such security may encourage men of learning and genius to publish their writings, which may do honour to their country, and service to mankind." Certain provisions are then made for the security of such right, which it is unnecessary here to be particularly noticed.
There is a like proviso as in*Ithe Massachusetts act: that the benefit of the law is not to extend to authors, inhabitants of, or residing in other states, until such states have passed similar laws. Statutes of Conn. 474. This law is also confined to literary productions, and in no manner extending to mechanical labours.
In the colony of New York, in the year 1786, a law " to promote literatui:e" was passed, reciting, "whereas, it is agree, able to the principles of natural equity and justice, that every author should be secured in receiving'the profits that may arise from the sale of his works ; and such security may encourage persons of learning and genius to publish their writings, which may do honour to their country, and service to mankind;" and then making provision, for securing to authors the sole right of printing, publishing and selling their works for fourteen years. With a proviso to the fourth' section of the act, recognizing a common law right ; but leaving it open and unaffected in cases n6t coming within the act : viz., "provided, that nothing in this act shall extend to, affect, prejudice or confirm the rights 'which any person may have to the printing or publishing of any books or pamphlets at common law, in cases not mentioned in this act."
The state of Virginia also, in the year 1785, passed a similar law, for securing to authors of literary works, an exclusive properly therein, for a limited time. I Rev. Code 534. Like

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
laws for the same purpose were passed by other states, which are not necessary here to be noticed; enough having been- referred to, to show the light in which literary property was viewed in this country; and that such laws were passed, with a view to protect and secure a pre-existing right, founded on the eternal rules and principles of natural right and justice, and recognized by the common law,
But under the existing governments of the United States, before the adoption of the present constitution, adequate protection could not be given to authors throughout the United States, by any general law. It depended on the legislatures of the several states ; and this led to the provisions in the present constitution, giving .o congress power "to promote the progress of science and the useful arts, by securing, for limited times, to authors and inventors, the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries." Constit. art. 1, sect. 8.
It has been argued at the bar, that as the promotion of the progress of science and the useful arts, is here United in the same clause in the constitution, the rights of authors and inventors were considered as standing on the same footing ; but this, I think, is a non sequitur. This article is to be construed distributively, and must have been so understood ; for when congress carne to execute this power by legislation,, the subjects are kept distinct, and very differen-t provisions are made respecting them. All the laws relative to inventions, purport to be acts to promote the progress of the useful arts. They do not use any language which implies or presupposes any existing prior right to be secured; but clearly imply that the whole exelusive right is created by the law, and ends with the expiration of the patent. The first law, passed in the year 1790, 1 Story's Ed. 80, requires that the specification shall be so particular, as not only to distinguish the invention or discovery from other things before known and used, but. also to enable a workman, or other person, skilled in the art or manufacture, to make, construct, or use the same, to the end that the public may have thefull benefit thereof,after the expiration of the patent term. This is the consideration demanded by the public, for the protection during the time mentioned in the patent ; and the books furni.sh no case, that I am aware of, where an ac-

JANUARY TERM 1834.
rWheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
tion has been attempted to be sustained upon any supposed common law right of the inventor.,
But the case is -quite -different with respect to copyrights. All the laws on this subject purport to be made for securing to authors and proprietors such copyright. They presuppose the existence of a right, which is to be secured, and not a right originally created by the act. The security provided by the act is for a limited time. But there is no intimation that at the expiration of that time. the copy becomes conmion, as in the case of an invention. The right, at the expiration of te time limited in the acts of congress, is left to the common law protection, without the additional security thrown around it by the statutes; and stands upon the same footing as it did before the statutes were passed. The protection for a limited time by the aid of penalties, against the violators of the right, proceeds upon the ground that the author, within that time, can so multiply his work, and reap such profits therefrom,. as to enable him to rest upon his common law right, without the extraordinary aid of penal laws.
In the Federalist, No. 43, written by Mr Madison, who reported the resolution referred to, in the old congress, this clause in the constitution is under consideration, and the writer observes: that t1he utility of this power will scarcely be questioned, The copyright of authors has been solemnly adjudged in Great' Britain, to be a right at common law. The right to useful inven-tions seems, with equal reason, to belong to the inventors. The public good fully coincides, in both cases, with the claims bf individuals. The states cannot separately make effectual provision for 6i'her of the cases; and most of them have anticipated the decision of this point, by laws passed at the instance of congress.
Although it is here said, that the right to useful inventions seems with equal reason to belong to the inventors, as the copyright to authors: yet it is not pretended that the common law equally recognises them. But the contrary is necessarily implied, when it is expressly said that the copyright has been adjudged to be a common law right, bt is silent as to inventors' rights.
The common-law right of hauthorm is expressly recognised by Mr Justice Story in his Commentaries. In noticing thio

SUPREME COURT.
[Whoaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
article in the constitution, he says, " this power did not exist
under the confederation, and its utility does not seem to have been questioned. The copyright of authors in their works had, before the revolution, been decided in Great Britain to be a common law right, and it was regulated and limited under statutes passed by parliament upon that subject." 3 Story's Corn. 48. If these statutes do not affect the right in the case now before the court, it remains and isto be viewed as a com-
mon law right. The judge in the court below, who decided this case, seems
to place much reliance on what he considers a doubt, suggested by Chancellor Kent, as to the existence of the common law light. Let us see what he does say. " It was," says he, "for some time the prevailing and better opinion in England, that authors had an exclusive copyright at common law, as permanent as the property of an estate ; and that the statute of Anne, protecting" by penaltir- that right for fourteen years, was only an additional sanction, and made in affirmance of the common law. This point came at last to be questioned, and it became the subject of a very serious litigation in the court of king's bench. It was decided in 'Miller v. Taylor, 1769, that every author had a common law right in perpetuity, independent of statute, to the exclusive printing and publishing his original compositions. The court was not unanimous, and the subsequent decision of the house of lords, in Donaldson v. Beckett, in February 1774, settled this very litigated question against the opinion of the king's bench, by establishing, that the common law right of action; if any existed, could not be exercised beyond the time limited by the statute of Anne, 2 Coin. 375, second ed. It is here fully admitted, that by the decision in Miller v. Taylor, every author had a common law right in perpetuity, to the publishing of his original composition. And, if it was intended to intimate, that the subsequent decision, in Donaldson v. Beckett, overruled this decision, as to the common law right ; I apprehend, this must be a mistake, according to the report of the case in 4 Burr. I understand the decision then was, by ten of the judges, that- at common law an audor had the sole right offirst printing and publishing his work, and by seven judges to four, that such right continued after his first publication. It is true, it

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v; Peters and Grigg.]
was decided by six to five of the judges, that the common law right of action could not be exercised beyond the time limited by the statute of Anne. But with the construction of this statute, we have no concern, if it was not in force in Pennsylvania. The settlement of the common law right is the material point, and that is admitted, by Chancellor Kent, to have been decided in favour of the author. There is certainly considerable obscurity in the report of this case, as to how far it has modified the common law remedy: this arises probably from the manner in which the questions were propounded by the house of lords to the judges.
I do not perceive how it becomes necessary in this case to decide the.question, whether we have here any code of.laws, known and regarded as the common law of the United States. This case presents a question respecting the right of property, and ih such cases the state laws form the rules of decision in the courts 6f the United States ; and the case now before the court must be governed by the law of copyright in the state of Pennsylvania. The complainants, though citizens of New York, are entitled to the benefit of those laws for the protection of their property ; and have a right to prosecute their suit in the courts of the United States.
Itf by the common law of England, an author has the copyright in his literary compositions, it becomes necessary to inquire whether that law is in force in the state of Pennsyl-. vania.
It was very properly admitted by the court below, on the trial of this cause, that when the American colonies were first settled by our ancestors, it was held as well by the settlers, as by the judges and lawyers of England, that they brought with them, as a birthright and inheritance, so much. of the common law as was applicable to their local situation and change of circumstances; and that each colony judged for itself, what. parts of the common law were applicable to its new condition. Mr Justice Story recognises the same principle in his Commentaries, vol. 1, 137 to 140. Englishmen, says he, removing to another country, must be deeme4, to -arry with them- those-ights and privileges which belong to them in their native country ; and that the plantations formed in this country were to be deemed a part of the ancient domin.

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.j
ions, and the subjects inhabiting them to belong to a common country, and to retain their former rights and privileges. That the universal principle has been (and the practice has conformed to it), that the common law is our birthright and inheritance, and that our ancestors brought hither with them, upon their immigration, all of it which was applicable to their situation. The whole structure of our present jurisprudence stands -apon the original foundation of the common law. The old congress, in the year 1774, unanimously resolved, that the *respective colonies are entitled to the common law of England. 1 Story's Com. 140, and note.
The colony of Pennsylvania was settled about the year 1682; at which periol, and down to the time of the case of Miller v. Taylor, 1769, the whole course of the British government, as well in parliament, as in the star chamber, and court of chancery, proceeded, in relation to the regulation of copyrights, upon the ground of an existing common law right in authors : and which was so universally acknowledged, that it was not contested in a court of justice until that case ; and then solemnly, and upon the most mature deliberation, decided to be a common law right, notwithstanding the statute of Anne passed in the year 1710. And the subsequent decision of Donaldson v. Beckett, turned entirely upon the construction of that act, which it was supposed limited the remedy to the time prescribed in the act for the protection of the copyright. So that at the time of the settlement of Pennsylvania, and for nearly a century thereafter, the common law right with all the comn on law remedies attached to it, was the received and acknowledged doctrine in England. And if the common law was brought into Pennsylvania by the first settlers, the law of copyright formed a part of it, and was in force there, and has so continued ever since, not having been abolished or modified by any legislature in that state, But the exfstence of the common law in Pertnsylvania, is not left to inference upon the general principles applicable to emigrants. before alluded to; there is positive legislation on the subject.
We find, as early as the year 1718, a law in that colony with a recital, ".whereas king Charles II., by his royal charter t' William Penn, for erecting this country into a province. did declare it to be his will and pleasure, that the laws.for re-

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
gulating and governing of property, within the said province, as well for the descent and enjoyment of lands, as for the enjoyment and succession of goods and chattels, and likewise as to felonies, should be and continue the same as they should be, for the time being, by the general course of the law in the kingdon of England, until the said laws shall be altered by the said William Penn, his heirs and assigns, and by the free. men of the said province, their delegates or deputies, or the greater part of them : and whereas it is a settled point, that as the common law is the birthright of all English subjects, so it ought to be their rule in the British dominions. But acts of parliament have been adjudged not to extend to these plantations, unless they are particularly named as such : now, therefore.," &c.: and certain statutes relating to crimes are adopted; and this question came under the consideration of the supreme court of that state, in the case of Morris's Lessee v. Van Dorin, 1 DalU. 64, in the year 1782, and Chief Justice M'Kean, in pronouncing the judgment of the court, says: this state has had her government for above a hundred years, and it is the opinion of the court, that the common law of England has always been in force in Pennsylvania. That all statutes made in Great Britain before the settlement of Pennsylvania, have no force here, unless they are convenient, and adapted to the circumstances of the country; and that all statutes made since the settlement of Pennsylvania, have no force here, unless the colonies are particularly named; and he adds, that the spirit of the act of 1718 supports this opinion.
With respect to English statutes which have been considered in. force in Pennsylvania, we have the most satisfactory evidence in the report of the judges of the supreme court of that state, made under'an act of the legislatre passed April 7th, 1807, 3 Binn. 395, by which the judges were required to examine, and report,, which of the English statutes are in force in that commonwealth ; and upon this subject the report states: "with, respect to English statutes, enacted since the settlement of Pennsylvania, it has been assumed, as a principle, that they do not extend here, unless they have been recognized by our acts of assembly, or adopted by long continued. practice in courts df jtIstice. Of the latter description there are very few; and those, it issupposed, were introduiced from a sense of their
VOL. Vill.-4 M

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.)
evident, utility. As English statutes, they had no obligatory force; but, from long practice, they may be considered as incor-, porated with the law of our country."
From this review of the law, I think I have shown, that, by the common law of England, down, at least, to the decision in the case of Donaldson v. Beckett, an author was considered as having an exclusive right, in perpetuity, to his literary compositions. That this right, as a branch of the common law, was brought into Pennsylvania with the first settlers, as early as the year 1682. That whatever effect and operation the statute of Anne may have been deemed to have. had upon the common law in England, that statute never having been in force in Pennsylvania., the common law right remains unaffected by it. And with this view of the law, and the rights of an author, I proceed to consider the acts of congress which have been passed on this subject.
Observing, in the first place, that we are bound to presume that congress understood the nature and character of this claim of authors to the enjoyment of the fruits of their literary labours, and the ground upon which it rested. This is useful and necessary, to conduct us to a right understanding of their legislation. A knowledge of the mischief is necessary, to a just and correct view of the remedy intended to be applied.
But the knowledge of congress on this subject is not left open to presumption. The question, as to its being an exclusive and perpetual right, was brought directly to the view of congress.
Three acts have been passed on this subject; ahd being not only in pari materia, but connected with eaoh other by their very titles and objects, are to be construed together, and explained by each other.
The last act on the subject was passed in the year 1831, and is entitled "an act to amend the several acts respecting copyrights, approved February 3d, 1831." And the report of tL. judiciary committee, to whom the subject was referred, shows in what point of light the subject was presented to congress.
Your committee, says the report, believe that the just claims of authors, require from our legislation a protection, not less than what is proposed in the bill reported. From the first principles of proprietorship in property, an author has an exclusive

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
and perpetualright, in preference to any other, to the fruits of his labour. Though the nature of literary property is peculiar, it is not the less real and valuable. If labour and effort in producing what before was not possessed or known will give title, then the literary man has title, perfect and absolute, and should have his reward.
The object of the law, and to which the attention of congress was specially drawn, was the protectionof property; claimed and admitted to be exclusive and perpetual in the author.
It may be useful, preliminarily, to notice a few of the settled rules by which statutes are to be construed.
In construing statutes, three points are to be regarded; the old law, the mischief, and the remedy; and the construction should be such, if possible, to'suppress the mischief, and advance the remedy. 1 Bl. Com. 87 ; Bac. Ab. Stat. 1, pl. 31, 32.
An affirmative statute does not abrogate the common law. If a thing iq at common law, a statute cannot restrain it, unless it be in negative words. Plowd. 113 ; 2 Kent's Com. 462; 2 Mason 451; 1 Inst. 111, 115; 10 Mod. 118. Bac.
Abr. Stat. 9. Where a statute gives a remedy, where there was one by the
common law, and does not imply a negative of the common law remedy, there will be two concurrent remedies. In such case, the statute remedy is accumulative. 2 Bac. 803, 805; 2 Inst. 200 ; Com. Dig. Action. upon Statute 6.
Considering the common law right of the author established, and with these rules of construing statutes kept in view, I proceed to the consideration of the acts of congress.
The first law was passed in the year 1790 (1 vol. Story's ed. of Laws of United States 94), and is entitled, "an act for the encouragement of learning, by securing the copies of maps, charts and books, to the authors and proprietors of.such copies, during the times therein mentioned."
The first section declares, that the author of any book or books already printed, being a.citizen of the United States, and who hath not transferred the copyright to any other person, and any other person, being a citizen of the United States, &c. who hath purchased, or legally acquired the copyright of such book, in order toi print, reprint, publish or vend the same, shall have the sole right and liberty of printing, reprinting, publishing and

SUPREME, COURT.
.rWheaton and Donaidson v. Peters and Grigg.]
vending the same, for fourteen years from the recordingthe title thereof in the clerk's office, as hereinafter directed. The like, provision is made, with respect to books or manuscripts not printed, or thereafter composed. The title, and this section of the act, obviously consider and treat this copyright as property ; something that is capable of being transferred ; and the right of the assignee is protected equally with that of the author ; and the object of the act, and all its provisions purport to be for securing the right. Protection is the avowed and real purpose for which it is passed. There is nothing here admitting the construction, that-a new right is created. The provision in no way or manner deals with it as such. It in no manner limits or withdraws from the right, any, protection it before had. It is a forced and unreasonable interpretation, and in violation of all the well settled rules of constiuction, to consider it as restricting, limiting or tdbolishing any pre-existing right. Statutes are not presumed to make any alteration in the common law, further or otherwise, than the act expressly declares. And, therefore, when the act is general, the law presumes it did not intend to make any alteration ; for if such was the intention, the legislature would have so expressed it, 11 Mod. 148 ; 19 Vin. 512, Stat. E. 6, pl. 12. And hence the rule is laid down in Plowden, if a thing is at common law, a statute cannot restrain it, unless it be in negative words. , It is in every sense an affirmative statute, and does not abrogate the common law.
The cumulative security or protection given by the statute, attaches from the recording of the title of the oook in the clerk's office of the districtcourtwhere the authororproprietorshallreside.
If the statute should be considered as creating a new right, that right vests upon recording the title. This is the only prerequisite, or condition precedent, to the vesting the right. Whatever it is that is given by the statute, and the other requirements in the third and fourth sections, of publishing in the newspaper within two months from the date of the recprd, and delivering a copy of the book to the secretary of state within six months fr'om the, publication; cannot be construedas prerequisites or conditions precedent to the vesting. These provisions cannot be considered in any other light than as directory. In no other view can these sections of the law be

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
made consistent with the provisions of the first section. The benefit of the act, so far as respects the exclusive right, takes effect from the time of recording the title in the clerk's office : but the publication in the newspaper may be made at any time within two months, and the copy delivered to the secretary of state within six.months. What would be the situation of the author if his copyright should be violated before the expiration of the time allowed him for these purposes ? Would he have no remedy? The second section declares in terms, that if any person, from and after the' recordhgthe title, shall, without the consent of the author or proprietor, print or reprint, &c., he thereby incurs the penalties given by the act. Both the right and the remedy therefore given-by the act, attach on the recording of the title. And this construction is not at all affected by any thing contained in the third section of the act; which declares that no person shall be entitled to the benefit of this act, unless he shall have deposited a printed copy of the title in the clerk's office. This is in perfect harmony with the first and second sections ; and although the requirement to publish a copy of the record in the newspaper is in the same section, it is in a separate and distinct clause, and no niore required to be considered a prerequisite, than if it was in a distinct section: and so it was considered by Mr Justice Washington in Ewer v. Coxe, 4 Wash. C. C. Rep. 490; and he also in that case considered the requirement in tie fourth section to deliver a copy to the secretary of state as directory, and not as a condition: and indeed the result of his opinion was, that if the authores copyright depended upon the act of 1790, it would be complete by a deposite' of a copy of the title in the clerk's office. But that the act of 1802 not only added another requisite, viz. causing a copy of the record to be inserted at full length in the title page, but made the publication in the newspaper, and the delivery of a copy of the book to the secretary of state, prerequisites, although not made so by the act of 1790. Me"Justice Washington is fully supported in his construction of the act of 1790 by the case of Nichols v. Ruggles, 3 Day 145, decided in the supreme court of errors of the'state of Connecticut, where it is held, that the provisions of the statute, which require the author to publish the title of his bookin a newspaper, and to deliver a copy of the wovrk to the

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
secretary of state, are merely directory, and constitute no part of the essential requisites for securing the copyright. This case was decided in the year 1808, and I do not find any reference to the act of 1802. This can only be accounted for upon the supposition hat, in the opinion of the counsel and court, this act did not at all affect the construction of the act of 1790; for had it been supposed that the act of 1802 made the publication in a newspaper, and a delivery of a copy of the work to the secretary of state, prerequisites to the vesting of the copyright, it would necessarily have led to a different result on the motion for a new trial. Judge Hopkinson, who tried the cause now before the court, thinks the act of 1790 will not admit of the construction given to it by Judge Washington; but that under that act the publication in a newspaper, and delivery of a copy of the work to the secretary of state, are prerequisites to the establishment of the right; and :such I understand to be the opinion of a majority of this court, by which the construction of the act of 1790 by Judge Washington is overruled. I have already attempted to show that this construction of the act of 1790 cannot be sustained,; nor do I think that the act of 1802 will aid that construction of the act of 1790, and in this I understand my brother M'Lean concurs: so that upon. this question, as to the effect of the act of 1802 upon the act of 1790, the court is equally divided, and the decision of the cause rests upon the act of 1790. A brief notice, however, of the act of 1802, 2 Story's, Ed. Laws U. S. 866, may not be amiss.
It purports so far as it relates to the present question, to be a supplement to the act of 1790, and declares that the author or proprietor of-a book, before he shall be entitled to the benefit of 'that act, shall, in addition to the requisites enjoined in the third and fourth section of said act, give information, by causing a,copy of the record, required to be published in a newspaper, to be inserted at full length in the title page or in the page immediately following the title page of the book. It is to be observed, that this purports to be, a supplementary act, the office of which is only to add something,to the original act, but not to alter or change the provisions .whichit already contains. It leaves the original act precisely as it was, and only superadds to its provisions the matter of thb supplement; and

JANUARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
both, when taken together, will receive the same construction as if originally incorporated in the same act. This is the natural and rational view of the matter. Suppose this new requisite had been in the original act, how would it stand ? If it was in a separate and distinct section, it would run thus: that the author, before he shall be entitled to the benefit of this act, shall insert at full length, in the title page of the book, a.copy of the record of the title. This could not change the construc-tion of the act as tp the publication in the newspaper, or delivery of a copy of the book to the secretary of state. Nor could it have any such effect, if it followed immediately after the prerequivite of depositing a printed copy of the title of the book in the clerk's office; and this would have been the natural place for the provision, if it had been inserted in the original act.
Judge Washington, in Ewer v. Coxe, says that the supplemental act declares that the person seeking to obtain this right shall perform this new requisition, in addition to those prescribed in the third and fourth sections of the act of 1790, and that he must porform the -whole before he shall be entitled to the benefit of the act. I find no such declaration in the act. The second section; which relates to prints, does contain -this declaration, but it has no application to books.
If the actof 1802 is intended as a legislative construction of the act of 1790, and is clearly erroneous, it- cannot be binding upon the court.
The act of 1831, being in pari materia, may be taken into consideration -in construing the previous acts which it purports to amend; and we find in this act only two prerequisites imposed upon an author, to entitle him to the benefit of the act, viz. to deposit a printed copy of the title of the book in the clerk's office of the district court of the district wherein the author or proprietor shall reside, and to give information of the copyright being secured, by inserting on the title page, oz the page immediately following,, the -entry therein directed, viz. Fentered'according. to the act of congress," &c. And these being prerequisites under the former laws, it is fairly to be conoluded that. they were the only prerequisites, and that the other requirements are merely directory; and if .so, the complainants in the court below, have shown all, that the acts of

SUPREME COURT.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
congress require to vest the copyright. The title has been recorded in the clerk's office, and a copy of the record inserted in the title page of the book.
But if the complainants in the court below have not made out a complete right under the acts of congress, there is no ground upon which the common law remedy can be taken from them. If there be a common law right, there certainly must be a common law remedy. The statute contains nothing in terms, having any reference to the common law right ; and if such right is considered abrogated, limited or modified by the acts of congress, it must be by implication; and to so construe these acts, is in violation of the established rules of construction, that where a statute gives a remedy in the affirmative without a negative expressed or implied, for a matter whilch was actionable at common law, the party may sue at common law, as well as upon the statute. 1 Chitty's P1. 144. This is a well settled principle, and fully recognized and adopted in tile case of Almy v. Harris, 5 Johns. Rep. 175.
Whatever effect the statute of Anne may have had in England, as to limiting or abridging the common law right there ; no such effect, upon any sound rules of interpretation, can grow. out of our acts of congress. There is -a wide difference, in the phraseology of the laws. The statute of Anne contains negative words. It declares that the author shall have the sole right and liberty of printing, &c. for the time contained in the statute, and no longer ; and these are the words upon which the advocates for the limitation, of the common law right mainly rest: and it was, for a long time, considered by the ablest judges in England, that even these strong words did not limit or abridge the common law right ; and the question, at this day, is not considered free from doubt.
This act, and the construction which it had received in England, were well known and understood when the act of congress was passed, and no such limitation is inserted or intended, or any matter at all repugnant to the continuance of the common law right, in its full extent. These laws proceed on the ground that the common law remedy was insufficient to protect the right, and provide additional security, by means of penalties, for the violation of it. Congress having before them the statute of Anne, and apprized of the doubt entertained in

JAI UARY TERM 1834.
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
England as to its effect upon the common law right, if it had been intended to limit or abridge that right, some plain and explicit provision to that effect would doubtless have, been made ; and not having been made, is, to my mind, satisfactory evidence that no such effect was intended.
If the present action was to recover the penalties given by the'statute, it might be incumbent on the appellants to show that all the requirements in the acts of congress had been complied with. This would be resorting to the new statutory remedy, and the party must bring himself within the statute, in order 'toentitle him to that remedy. But admitting that the right depends upon the statute,, and is limited to the time therein prescribed, the remedy by injunction continues during that time. This is admitted by Mr Justice Yeates, in Miller v. Taylor. The author, says he, has certainly a property in the copy of his book, during the term the statute has allowed; and whilst that term exists, it is like a lease, a grant or any other common law right; and will equally 'etitle him to all common law remedies for the enjoyment, of that right. He may, I should think, file an injunction bill to stop the printing. But I may say with more positiveness, he might bring an action to recover satisfactioi for the injury done, contrary to law, tinder the statute. And the same doctrine is laid down by the whole court, in Beckford v. Wood, 7 Term Rep. 616. Lord Kenyon says: the statute vests the right in atithors for certain periods; and within those periods, the act says, the author shall have the sole right and liberty of printing, &c. ; and the statttte having vested the right in the author, the common law giv' s the remedy, by action on the case for a violation of it; and that the act, by creatink the penalties, meant to give an accumulative remedy.
The language in the statute of Anne, which is considered as vesting the right, is the same as in the act of congress. In the former, it is considered as necessarily implied in the-declaration that the author shall have the sole right during sach time, &c. And in the act of congress, there is the same declaration, that the author shall have the sole right of printing, &c. from the time of recording the title in the clerk's. office. The right being thus vested at the time, draws after it the common law remedy. And there is rio more reason for
VOL. vi.-4 N

SUPREME COURT
[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
contending, that the remedy given by the statute, supersedes the common law remedy under the act of congress,' than under the statute of Anne. The statute remedy is through the means of penalties in both cases.
The term for which the copyright is secured in the case now before the court has not expired ; and according to the admitted and settled doctrine in England, under the statute of Anne, the common law remedy exists.during that period.
Upon the whole, in whatever light this case is viewed, whether as a common law right or depending on the act of congress, I think the appellants are entitled to the remedy sought by the bill; and that the decree of the court below ought to be reversed, the injunction made perpetual, and an account taken according to the prayer in the bill, without. directing an issue to try any matter of fact, touching the right.
Mr Justice BALDWIN also dissented from the opinion of the court.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the eastern district of Pennsylvania, and was argued by counsel ; on consideration whereof, it is ordered, adjudged and decreed by this court, that the judgment and decree of the said circuit court, in this cause be, and the same is hereby reversed, and that this cause be, and the same is hereby remanded to the said circuit court, with directions to that court, to order an issue of facts to be examined and tried by a jury, at the bar of said court, upon this point, whether the said Wheaton, as author, or any other person as proprietor, had complied with the requisites prescribed by the third and fourth sections of the said act of congress, passed the 31st day of May 1790, in regard to the volumes of Wheaton's Reports, in the said bill. mentioned, or in regard to one or more ofthem, in the following particulars, viz. whether the said Wheaton or proprietor did, within two months from the date of the recording thereof in the clerk's office of the district court, cause a copy of the said record to be published in one or more of the newspapers printed in the resident states, for four weeks ; and whether the

JANUARY TERM 1384.

699

[Wheaton and Donaldson v. Peters and Grigg.]
said Wheaton or the proprietor, after the publishing thereof, did deliver or cause to be delivered to the secretary of state of the United States, a copy of the same, to be preserved in his office, according to the provisions of the said third and fourth sections of the said act, and that such further proceedings be had therein, as to law and justice may appertain, and in conformity to the opinion of this court.

