JANUARY TERM 1835.
CHARLES DEHAULT DELASSUS, APPELLANT V. THE UNITED
STATES.
Missouri. A claim was made by C. D. D., by a petition filed in the district court of the United States, for the district of Missouri, under the act of congress of 25th May 1824, "enabling the claimants to lands within the limits of the state of Missouri, and territory of Arkansas, to institute proceedings to try the validity oftheir claims." The tract of land claimed was a league square, and was granted to the father of the petitioner by Don Zenon Trudeau, lieutenant governor of the province of upper Louisiana, on a petition addressed to him for that object; the decree for that purpose being dated 1st April 1795. The land was situated on a branch of the river St Francis, &c. The decree ordered the captain commandant of the post of St Genevieve to put the grantee in possession of the land, which was done on the 15th of the same month. It was surveyed on the 14th of December 1799. The petition stated that all the laws for the preservation ofhis rights had been observed, his father is dead, and the title is vested in him, and prays that it may be enforced. Regular documents in support of the concession accompanied the petition; and among them a letter from the baron Carondelet, governor-general of Louisiana, recommending the grant to be made by the lieutenant governor Trudeau, and stating that the object of the petitioner was to open lead mines, and that he had contracted with the intendancy to deliver a quantity of lead. After the concession should be made by the lieutenant governor, the grantee was to present a memorial to the governor-general to have a decree confirming the same. The district court of Missouri refused to confirm the grant, and the petitioner appealed to this court. The grant was confirmed, and the decree of the district court reversed.
The act of 25th May 1824, gives the district court authority to hear and determine all questions arising in any cause brought before it by the petition of any person claiming lands within the state of Missouri, 1 by virtue of any French or Spanish grant, concession, warrant or order of survey, legally made or issued before the 10th day of March 1804 by the proper authorities, to any person or persons resident in the province of Louisiana at the date thereof, and which was protected and secured by the treaty between the United States and France of the 30th of April 1803, and which might have been perfected into a complete titie, under and in conformity to the laws and usages and customs of the government under which the same originated, had not the sovereignty of the country been transferred to the United States."
The stipulations of the treaty ceding Louisiana to the United States, affording that protection or security to claims under the French or Spanish government to which the act of congress refers, are in the first, second and third articles. They extended to all property until Louisiana became a member of the union, into which the inhabitants were to be incorporated as soon as possible, "and admitted to all the rights, advantages and immuni-

SUPREME COURT.
[Delassus v. The United States.]
ties of citizens of the United States." The perfect inviolability and security of property is among these rights. The right of property is protected and secured by the treaty, and no principle is better settled in this country, than that an inchoate title to lands is property. This right would have been sacred, independent of the treaty. The sovereign who acquires an inhabited country, acquires fell dominion over it; but this dominion is never supposed to divest the vested rights of individuals to property. The language of the treaty ceding Louisiana, excludes any idea of interfering with private property. The concession to the petitioner was legally made by the proper authorities. A grant or concession made by that officer, who is by law authorized to make it, carries with it prima facie evidence that it is within his powers. No excess of them, or departure from them, is to be presumed. He violates his duty by such excess, and is responsible for it. He who alleges that an officer entrusted with an important duty has viojated his instructions, must show it. The cases of the United States v. Arredondo, 6 Peters 691, Percheman v. The United States, 7 Peters 51, The United States v. Clarke, 8 Peters 436, cited and approved. The instructions of governor O'Reilly, relative to granting lands in Louisiana, were considered by the court, in 8 Peters 455. These regulations were intended for the general government of subordinate officers, and not to control and limit the power of the person from whose will they emanated. The baron De Carondelet must be supposed to have had all the powers which had been vested in Don O'Reilly, and a concession ordered by him is as valid as asimilar concession directed bygovernor O'Reilly would have been. The act of congress on which this case depends, contains no reservation of lead mines. It extends the jurisdiction of the court to allclaims,, by virtue of any French or Spanish grant, concession, warrant or order of survey legally made by the proper authorities."
ON appeal from the district court of the United States for the Missouri district.
On the 18th of May 1829, Charles Dehault Delassus, legal representative of Pedro Dehault Delassus, under the authority of the act of congress, entitled "an act enabling the claimants to lands with the limits of the state of Missouri, and the territory of the Arkansas, to institute proceedings to try the validity of their claims," filed in the office of the clerk of the district court of the United States for the district of Missouri, the following petition.
"To the honourable the judge of the district court of the United States for the state of Missouri.
"Respectfully showeth Charles Dehault Delassus, of the county of St Louis, state of Missouri, that on the 3d day of March 1795, Don Pedro Dehault Delassus De Luzieres,

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Delassus v. The United States.]
the father of your petitioner, addressed his petition to Don Zenon Trudeau, lieutenant governor of the province of Upper Louisiana, praying that a concession or grant should be made to him and his heirs of a tract of land containing seven thousand and fifty-six arpenis, French measure, being a league square. That said lieutenant governor, in compliance with said petition, and in obedience to an official instruction addressed to him by the governor-general of the province of Louisiana, the baron of Carondelet, did, by decree bearing date the 1st day of April 1795, aforesaid, grant to said De Luzieres, and his heirs for ever, a tract of a square league situated on a branch of the river St Francis, called Gaboury, and by said decree ordered Francois Vall6, the captain commandant of the port of St Genevieve, to put the De Luzieres forthwith into possession of said tract, and also directed that said tract should be surveyed in due form by the surveyor, then about to be appointed for the province of Upper Louisiana. That on the 1th day of April, in the year aforesaid, the said De Luzieres was formally put into possession of said square league by said Francois Vall6, in pursuance of said decree. That some time elapsed from the said delivery of possession until the appointment of a surveyorforsaid province ofUpperLouisiana, and by which delay, and other unavoidable difficulties, the said De Luzieres was prevented from obtaining a survey of the said tract until the 14th day of December 1799, on which day the surveyor-general of Upper Louisiana, Don Antoine Soulard, in pursuance of an order to him specially directed by the lieutenant governor of said province, surveyed said tract and located the same accordmg to the terms of the above mentioned decree of concession, and the possession delivered as aforesaid to said De Luzieres, all which will more fully appear by said original decree of the lieutenant governor, said official instruction of said governorgeneral, the certificate of delivery of possession by said Francois Val6, the said order of survey by the lieutenant governor, and, lastly, by the official return and certificate of survey by the surveyor-general, which certificate bears date the 5th day of March 1800, and which original documents are here brought into court, and ready to be produced and proved, and to which your petitioner begs leave to refer. That said De Luzieres, at the date of said decree of concession, and until his decease,

SUPREME COURT.
rDelassus v. The United States.]
was a resident of the province of Upper Louisiana. Your petitioner further showeth, that said concession and claim thereunder having been submitted to the board of commissioners for the adjustment of Spanish and French land claims, was rejected on the ground that the land intended in the said concession contained a lead mine, and on no other. That said tract of a league square has been reserved from sale in the public land office until a decision shall be had thereon by the proper tribunal, and that said tract, as laid down on the general plat in the office of the register, is situated and bounded as follows, viz. beginning in the southeast quarter of section number twenty-five, township number thirty-five, north, of range number five, east, at a post, a corner of John Capehart's survey, and runs thence south eight west, with Capehart's line, five chains eighty-three links to Capehart's and D. Murphey's corner, sixty-four chains sixteen links to D. and S. Murphey's corner, one hundred and seven chains ninety-one links to St Murphey and Coen's corner, one hundred and thirty-seven chains and forty-one links to Coen and W Murphey's corner, two hundred and five chains and thirty-two links to the southwest corner of W Murphey's survey, two hundred and fortyfive chains to a point in the northwest quarter of section number thirteen, in township number thirty-five, north, of range number five, east, thence north eighty-two west two hundred and forty-five chains to a point in the southwest quarter of section number nine, in township number thirty-five, north, of range number five, east, thence north eight east two hundred and forty-five chains, to a point In the south-east quarter of section number twenty-eight, in township number thirty-six, north, of range number five, east, thence south eighty-two east one hundred and sixty-three chains ninety-eight links to the south-west corner of Joseph Murphey's, seventy-two hundred and thirteen chains and forty-five links to Joseph Murphey's southeast corner, on the west boundary of John Capehart's survey, thence thirty-eight west, with Capehart's survey, one chain and thirty-two links to his southwest corner, thence south eighty-two east, with Capehart's line, thirty-one chains and fifty links, to the place of beginning. Your petitioner further showeth, that said league square, and all claim and title thereto since the decease of said De Luzieres, who

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Delassus v. The United States.]
departed this life some years since, has been legally vested in your petitioner, and that no part of said tract is occupied or claimed by any person or persons adverse to the claim or title of your petitioner. Wherefore your petitioner prays that the validity of said concession and claim to confirmation of said tract may be inquired into, and decided upon by this honourable court, and that inasmuch as said concession and survey might have been perfected into a complete title under and in conformity to the laws, usages and customs of the government under which the same originated, had not the sovereignty of the country been changed or transferred to the United States, your petitioner prays that his title and claim be confirmed to said league square, located and bounded as aforesaid. And your petitioner prays that a citation be directed to the district attorney of the United States, requiring him to appear and show cause, if any he can, why the confirmation prayed for by your petitioner should not be decreed to him. And your petitioner will ever pray, &c.
" CiARLEs DnHAULT DELASSUS."
The answer of the attorney of the United States was filed at the June session 1829 of the district court, denies the allegations of the petitioner, and requires proof of the same.
At the January session of the court, in 1830, the district judge made a decree against the claim set forth in the petition, and this appeal was prosecuted by the petitioner.
The documents annexed to the petition were the following.
"ToDon Zenon Trudeau, lieutenant governor of thewestern part of Illinois, &c.
"Pierre Charles Dehault, knight, lord of Delassus Luzieres, and knight of the great cross of the royal order of St Michael, residing in New Bourbon, dependency of the post of St Genevieve, has the honour to represent, that when he was at the city of New Orleans, in May 1793, he resolved to come up in the Illinois country, on the positive assurance given him by his lordship, the baron De Carondelet, governor-general of Lousiana, that he would order and authorize you to grant him a tract of land for the exclusive exploration of lead mines, and of a sufficient and convenient extent for said exploration, provided
VOL. IX.-Q

SUPREME COURT.
[Delassus v. The United States.]
it should not be formerly granted to another, which warranty and assurances of the government are to be found formally expressed in a letter here subjoined, and directed to your petitioner by the said baron, under the date of May 8th 1793, and which you have been pleased to assure me was exactly conformable to the official letter you received on that subject from the governor-general. The long and cruel disease which your petitioner experienced on his arrival in Illinois in August 1793, the hostile threats of an invasion on the part of the French against the country some short time after, the orders you gave to the inhabitants not to go to any distance from their post, and the care and trouble which, to your knowledge, I have taken in that time to countenance the wise and efficacious means you have taken so successfully in putting the posts of Illinois in a state of defence, in case of an attack, of which care, endeavour and zeal on my part, his lordship, Luis de la Casas, captaingeneral of Havana, being informed, I received from him a letter, bearing date May 20th 1794, by which be gives me the most honourable evidence of his satisfaction, as appears by copy of said letter here subjoined. That the occurrence of several circumstances hindered your petitioner to make a search of a tract of land containing lead mineral, he now, with the assistance of his children and son-in-law, and persons acquainted with the country, visited a place situated on one of the branches of the river St Francois, called Gaboury, in the district of St Genevieve, and about twelve leagues from this post, which has not been yet granted, makes part of the king's domain, and ,where it is ascertained some mineral had been anciently dug, besides the external and internal appearance, according to the mineralogical principles, indicates that the spot contains lead mineral, therefore your petitioner has resolved to try in that place a general exploration of lead mine he is so much induced to prosecute such an undertaking that he expects the arrival of his eldest son, now emigrated to Germany, who is well learned in mineralogy, having studied it particularly, and having been engaged in a similar branch in Europe with your petitioner, and will be very useful in exploring and.conducting the one now solicited. Your petitioner flatters himself that you will not refuse to give this concession the extent of a league square, in order to secure the necessary fuel for the melting of

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Delassus v. The United States.]
the mineral, and other necessaries, under these considerations your petitioner humbly prays you, sir, that in conformity to the intentions of the government manifested in the subjoined letters, of which you have been notified by the governor-general himself, you have been pleased to grant for himself, his heirs and assigns in full property, the concession of a league square of land situated on said brpnch of river St Francois, called Gaboury, in the district of St Genevieve, with the exclusive right to explore the lead mines in the same, to cultivate and raise cattle on the said land if necessary, in so doing your petitioner will ever pray, &c.
" DELAssus DE LuziEREs. "New Bourbon, March 3d 1795.
"St Genevieve, Illinois, March 10th 1795. "We, the commandant of said post, do inform the lieutenant governor, that the concession demanded in the within pdtitLion, is part of the king's domain, and has not been granted to any body, and that its extent fixed to a league square, is indispensable and necessary to secure the timber for melting of mineral and other necessary supply.
"FRANCOIS VALLE.
"To Zenon Trudeau." "The knight Don Pierre Dehault Delassus, has entered into contract with this intendancy, to deliver yearly, during the term of five years, thirty thousand pounds of lead in balls or bars. In order that he may comply with his contract, your worship will put him in possession of the land he may solicit, for the exploration, benefit and enjoyment of the mines, for which purpose he is to present a memorial directed to me, and which your worship will transmit, that I may give him the corresponding decree of concession, being understood, in the mean time, your worship will put him in possession. God preserve your worship many years.
1"EL BARON DE CARONDELET. "New Orleans, May 7th 1793.
"To Mr Dehault Delassus. "I send you back the primitive titles of the concession granted

SUPREME COURT
[Delassus v. The United States ]
Mr Francois Yalle, of St Genevieve, who transferred to Mr Dodge one moiety of which, this last ceded to Mr Tardiveau, who made a gift of it to your brother, with the approbation and advice you desired. By this opportunitv I write to Mr Zenon Trudeau to grant you the land where you will have made a discovery of lead mines, with adjacent lands of sufficient extent for their exploratiorn. provided, nevertheless, that it should not be conceded to another.
"Your son-in-law and your sons, shall have also, as you desire, a plantation in any place they will select in Illinois, of an extent proportionate to the establishment and improvement they propose to make.
" This is my answer to your letter No. 3. God have you in his holy keeping.
""1EL BARON DE CARONDELET.
"New Orleans, May 8th 1793.
"Sir Don Peter Dehault Delassus de Luzieres. "The Baron de Carondelet, governor-general of this province, has manifested to me, in his letter of the 27th of February last, the zeal and activity with which your worship (although labouring under a weak state of health) has manifested in exciting the inhabitants and Indians to join in the common defence of those settlements, and more particularly the post under your command. I do hope that your worship will continue with the same efficaciousness in similar circumstances, and give me an opportunity to reward your worship. God preserve your worsmp many years.
"Luis DE LA CASAS.
"Havannah, May 20th 1794.
"St Louis, Illinois, April 1st 1795. "Decree. Having read the present petition, the subjoined of the baron De Carondelet, directed to the petitioner, under the date of May 1793, also the official letter to us directed by said governor-general, authorizing, and giving us order to grant the petitioner a concession in the spot selected by him, and of a sufficient extent to explore exclusively the lead mines in the same, also the above information of the commandant of St Genevieve, by which he testifies that the land petitioned for is

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Delassus v. The United States.]
in the King's domain, and that it is indispensable that the quantity should be a league square, we, the lieutenant governor, in conformity with said orders and intentions of the government, have granted, and do grant unto the petitioner, and to his heirs and assigns, in fee, the concession demanded, situate on a branch of the river St Francois, called the Gaboury, in the place selected by him, the extent of which shall be a league square, to the end that he may explore exclusively the lead mines belonging to the same, and, if necessary, to cultivate and raise cattle, hereby commanding Don Francois Vall6, captain and commandant of St Genevieve, in whose district the land is situated, to put the petitioner in possession thereof, the regular survey of which will be done as soon as a surveyor will be appointed and commissioned for the upper Louisiana.
"ZENoN TRUDEAU.
"St Genevieve, Illinois, April 15th 1795. "We, Don Francois Yall6, captain commandant, civil and military, of the post of St Genevieve, in compliance with the foregoing decree of Don Zenon Trudeau, lieutenant governor of the western part of Illinois, bearing date the 1st instant, have this day, the 15th of the same month, put the knight, Peter Delassus De Luzieres in possession of a league square of land, situated on a branch of the river St Francois, called Gaboury, as granted to him by the aforesaid decree, conformably to orders, and with the approbation of his lordship, the governorgeneral of this province. The said concession, in future, to be regularly surveyed by the king's surveyor, who is soon to be named and appointed for this upper colony.
"1FRANcoIs VALLE.
CTo Don Charles Dehault Delassus, colonel of the royal
armies, and lieutenant governor of upper Louisiana. "Humbly petition Peter Charles Dehault Delassus De Luzi-
eres, knight, &c., residing in New Bourbon, and has the honour to represent, that in conformity to orders of the governor of this province, your predecessor, Don Zenon Trudeau, did grant to your petitioner a concession of a league square of land, situate

SUPREME COURT.
[Delassus v. The United States.]
on a branch of the river St Francois, called Gaboury, with the exclusive right to explore the lead mines on the same, as appears by his decree bearing date April 1st 1795, of which concession and land your petitioner was put in possession by Don Francois Val16, captain commandant of the post of St Genevieve, in whose district the land is situated, as appears by his act bearing date the 15th day of April of said year, and whereas it is mentioned in said decree of Don Zenon Trudeau, that said concession will be regularly surveyed by the surveyor who has to be appointed by the government for upper Louisiana, and whereas Don Antoine Soulard has been commissioned and appointed as such surveyor therefore, under these considerations, your petitioner requests you, sir, that after mature consideration of the instruments here submitted, relating to said concession, yqu be pleased to give the necessary orders to Don Antoine Soillard, surveyor of upper Louisiana, to proceed without delay tb the regular survey of said concession of a league square, or the said branch of thp river St Francois, called Gaboury. to explore exclusively to any other, the land, &c., and of which land he has been already put in possession by the commandant of St Genevieve, and has already begun the exploration, he hopes to obtain his demand, inasmuch as he did not hurry the surveyor, in order to give him the necessary time to attend to the surveying of concessions belonging to other inhabitants, who wished to have their surveys quickly executed. In so doing, you will do justice.
"1PIERRE DELASsus DE LUZIERES.
"New Bourbon, November 25th 1799.
"By virtue of the contents of the above memorial and the accompanying documents, and also from what it appears by the official letter of the baron De Carondelet, late governor of these provinces, bearing date the 7th and 8th of May 1793, on file in these archives.
"The surveyor, Don Antoine Soulard, will survey the league square of land which was granted to the party interested by the decree of my predecessor, the lieutenant governor, Don Zenon Trudeau, dated 1st April 1794, conformably to orders of his lordship, the governor, and of which land he has been put in possession, as appears by decree of Francois VaI16, commandant

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Delassus v. The United States.]
of St Genevieve, bearing date April 15th of the year last mentioned, to be hereafter surveyed by the surveyor of this upper Louisiana, when appointed and commissioned.
"CHARLES DEHAULT DELASSUS.
"St Louis, November 29th 1799."
On the 6th of March 1800, Anthony Soulard, principal deputy surveyor of upper Louisiana, certified that on the 14th of December 1799, he made a survey and return of the land claimed by the petitioner, in virtue of the decree of the 29th of November 1799.
The case was argued by Mr White, for the appellant, and by the Attorney-General, for the United States.
Mr White, for the appellants,, contended 1. That the grant to Don Pedro Dehault De Luzieres, was a valid Spamsh concession, made in obedience to the orders of the superior officers of the crown of Spain, and in conformity with the laws of Spain. 2. That it is a claim protected by the treaty, and entitled to confirmation under the treaty and laws of the United States. (a)
Mr Butler, attorney-general. The object of the argument on the part of the United States in this case, will be rather to lay before the court such views of the nature and extent of the titles set up in the cases -which are before the court, by appeal from the district of Missouri, as are applicable to all these cases, than to resist the present case, which appears to be founded on equity, and in which, unless the documents -are not genuine, or the court shall be compelled by some strict rule of law, the court will reverse the decree of the district court.
The documents in the case show great merit in the claimant, who, in consideration of this merit, and of a contract to
(a) The argument of MIr White was not received by the Reporter, when this case was put to press. It will be inserted in the Appendix, should it be received before the publication of this volume.

SUPREME COURT
[Delassus v. The United States.]
furnish a certain quantity of lead to the governor of Louisiana, was recommended to the .zpecial favour of the lieutenant governor. This is shown by the letter of the baron De Caron-
delet. The court will observe that as to all action in the case by
the governor-general, the title of the claimants stops at these letters. There is not shown any application to the governorgeneral for a complete grant. The decision of the district judge was that no complete grant was exhibited, and that the claim rested on an inchoate and imperfect title.
As to the first point presented by the counsel for the appellant, it is necessary to explain what is intended by the United States, when it is said this is not a valid concession. It is denied that the lieutenant governors of upper Louisiana had a right to grant land in upper Louisiana. Although the coinmandant of St Louis and St Genevieve might not have been subordinate in other matters, yet he was, in reference to the grant of lands, subordinate to the governor-general of Louisiana, and in some respects subordinate to the governor-general of Havana.
The supreme authority of the governor-general is fully established by the documents in this and the other cases before this court, on appeal from the district court of Missouri. The lieutenant governors could not grant lands without special authority from the governor-general. An express reference is made in the grant of Don Zenon Trudeau, to the authority given to him by the letter of the baron De Carondelet. That letter states that a memorial is to be presented by Mr Delassus to the baron De Carondelet, that a corresponding concession may be given to him. This clearly asserts the power to be in the governor-general, although it allows possession to be given of the lands for a concession, and negatives the authority of the lieutenant governor to make a full grant.
The records in other cases, the examination of which will follow this now under consideration, will show the general understanding and practice of the officers of Spain in granting lands, and fully sustain the positions now assumed.
In 1798, the power to grant lands was transferred from the governor-general of Louisiana to the intendant. After the

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Delassus.v. The United States.]
transfer, the lieutenant governor of upper Louisiana acknowledged this transfer, and the obligation to apply to the intendant for the completion of grants, in the same manner as was before required to apply to the governor-general. This is fully established by the records in other cases before the court, and by repeated recognitions shown in state papers.
As to the second point presented by the counsel for the appellant, that there was a complete grant made to the appellant, it is not intended to deny that if such a grant had been made, it was the duty of the court below and of this court to confirm the title. All the principles which have been decided in the cases of Spanish grants, which have been before this court, are not to be questioned. These decisions are sustained as well by the principles of international law, as by the treaty. It has been finally settled that a claim for lands, founded on and conformable to the laws of Spain, if of such a character as that, by the laws of Spain, it would have ripened into a perfect title, will be confirmed by this court.
What is the real question in the case now under the consideration of the court 't
Certain regulations were made in 1770, by Don O'Reilly, which were intended to govern the granting of lands in all Louisiana, and these regulations were confirmed by a royal order of the king of Spain. White's Land Laws 204, Clarke's Land Laws 978. This confirmation was given on the 28th of January 1771 Documents relative to Louisiana and Florida 3.
It will therefore be no longer disputed, that in the whole of Louisiana, these regulations were in full force and applicable to the granting of lands until they were altered.
The difficulty in this case grows out of the discrepancy of the grant, and the regulations of O'Reilly. The point intended now to be submitted, is, whether the lieutenant governor of Illinois, could make a larger grant than a league square. The grant does not conform to these regulations, and as they were in force, the grant would not have been confirmed under the laws of the Indies, and was therefore void, as against the United States.
It is said that the governors-general of Louisiana had been in the habit of confirming grants which were not in conformity
VOL. IX.-R

SUPREME COURT
[Delassus v. The United States.]
with these regulations. This is admitted. When this case was decided by the district judge of Missouri, the cases of Arredondo and of Percheman, had not been decided, and it was not, until the decisions in these cases, considered that an equitable title was sufficient to entitle a claimant to a confirmation of his grant. The proceedings below were founded on the law of congress of 1824, 7 Laws U. S. 300, Clarke's Land Laws 871. The district judge decided in the language of the law, and it is contended that although an inchoate grant is shown in this case, yet as it was in opposition to the regulations of O'Reilly, he could not do otherwise.
It is admitted that although this grant does not conform to these regulations, yet grants of this kind have been confirmed by the Spanish authorities, and if this is a case within the same principles, this grant must be confirmed. But if the court hold the regulations of O'Reilly were the only authority to make such a grant, it will affirm the decree of the district judge.
The act of congress gave powers to the commissioners to confirm grants, excepts those having lead mines upon them. But the claim now before the court, is under the treaty with France, making a cession of Louisiana, and the court will decide whether the exception in the law can prevail against the treaty. The principal reliance of the United States to sustain the decree of the court below, is upon the non conformity of the grant with the regulations of Don O'Reilly.
Mr Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion of the Court.
This is an appeal from a decree pronounced by the court of the United States, for the district of Missouri, by which the claim and title of the petitioner, Charles Dehault Delassus, to a tract of land in his petition mentioned, under a concession alleged to be authorized by the laws of Spain, and protected by the treaties ceding Louisiana to the United States, was declared to be invalid.
The suit was instituted under the act of the 25th of May 1824, "enabling the claimants to lands within the limits of the state of Missouri, and territory of Arkansas, to institute proceedings to try the validity of their claims."

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Delassus v. The United States.]
The petition, which is the institution of the suit, states that on the 3d of March 1795, Don Pedro Dehault Delassus De Luzieres, the father of the petitioner, addressed his petition to Don Zenon Trudeau, lieutenant-governor of the province of upper Louisiana, praying that a concession or grant should be made to him and his heirs, of a tract of land containing seven thousand and fifty-six arpents, French measure, being a league square. That said lieutenant governor in compliance with said petition, and in obedience to an official instruction addressed to him by the governor-general of the province of Louisiana, the baron Carondelet, did, by decree bearing date the 1st of April in the year 1795, grant to said De Luzieres and his heirs for ever, a tract of a square league situated on a branch of the river St Francis called Gaboury, and by said decree ordered Francois Yall6, the captain commandant of the port of St Genevieve, to put De Luzieres forthwith in possession of the said tract of land, which was done on the 15th of the same month. A delay in the appointment of a surveyor for the province, prevented the survey from being immediately made. It was made on the 14th of December 1799. The petitioner proceeds to state that the requisites of the laws for the preservation of his right had been observed, that his father is dead, and the title is vested in the petitioner. He prays that his title and claim
be confirmed. The answerof the district attorney professes ignorance of the
facts, and insists that the petitioner be required to prove the validity of his claim.
The petition of Pierre Charles Debault Delassus De Luzieres presented to Don Zenon Trudeau, lieutenant governor of the western part of Illinois, &c., states that in May 1793, he resolved to come to Illinois on the assurance of his lordship, the baron De Carondelet, governor-general of Louisana, that he would order and authorize him, the said Don Zenon Trudeau, the lieutenant governor, &c., to grant him, the petitioner, a tract of land for the exclusive exploration of lead mines, &c., which assurance is fully expressed in a letter annexed to the petition, which, he adds, conforms to a letter addressed to the lieutenant governo on the same subject. The petition then ascribes the delay in its presentation to long and severe illness, and to the difficulty of finding a tract of land adapted to the

SUPREME COURT.
[Delassus v. The United States.] object. This being at length accomplished, and having found a spot indicating that it contains lead mineral on one of the branches of the river St Frangois called Gaboury; the petitioner prays a concession thereof to the extent of a league square.
The letter of the baron De Carondelet is in these words

"To Zenon Trudeau.

The knight Don Pierre Dehault Delassus has entered into contract with this intendancy to deliver yearly during the term of five years, thirty thousand pounds of lead, in balls or bars. In order that he may comply with his contract, your worship will put hun in possession of the land he may solicit, for the exploration, benefit and enjoyment of the mines, for which pur-

pose he is to present a memorial directed to me, and which your worship will transmit, that I may give him the corresponding

decree of concession, being understood in the mean time your worship will put him in possession. God preserve your worship

many years.

"EL BARON DPi CARONDELET.

"New Orleans, May 7th 1793."

Other letters from the baron De Carondelet, sustaining that above recited, were annexed to this petition, and on the 1st of April 1795, Zenon Trudeau, the lieutenant governor of the province, granted the required concession.
The regular documents to prove the survey, and the possession of the premises by Delassus, were also laid before the district court.
The act of the 26th of May 1824, gives the district court authority to hear and determine all questions arising in any cause brought before it by the petition of any person claiming lands within the state of Missouri, "by virtue of any French, or Spanish grant, concession, warrant, or order of survey legally made, granted, or issued, before the 10th day of March 1804, by the proper authorities, to any person or persons resident in the province of Louisiana at the date thereof, or on or before the tenth day of March 1804, and which was protected or se-
cured by the treaty between the United States of America and the French Republic, of the 30th day of April 1803, and which might have been perfected into a complete title, under, and in

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Delassus v. The United States.]
conformity to the laws, usages, and customs of the government under which the same originated, had not the sovereignty of the country been transferred to the United States."
In the first article of the treaty referred to, the consul of the French Republic ceded to the United States, in full sovereignty, the province of Louisiana, with all its rights and appurtenances. The second article declares that in this cession "are included the adjacent islands belonging to Louisiana, all public lots and squares, vacant lands, and all public buildings, fortifications, barracks and other edifices, which are not private property." The third article stipulates, "that the inhabitants of the ceded territory shall be incorporated in the union of the United States, and admitted as soon as possible, according to the principles of the federal constitution, to the enjoyment of all the rights, advantages and immunities of citizens of the United States, and in the meantime they shall be maintained and protected in the free enjoyment of their liberty, property, and the religion which they profess."
These are the stipulations which afford that protection or security to claims to land under the French or Spanish government, to which the act of congress refers. They extend to all property until Louisiana shall become a member of the union, into which the inhabitants are to be incorporated as soon as possible, "and admitted to all the rights, advantages and immunities of citizens of the United States." That the perfect mviolability and security of property is among these rights, all will assert and maintain.
The right of property then is protected and secured by the treaty, and no principle is better settled in this country, than that an inchoate title to lands is property.
Independent of treaty stipulation, this right would be held sacred. The sovereign who acquires an inhabited territory. acquires full dominion over it, but this dominion is never supposed to divest the vested rights of individuals to property, The language of the treaty ceding Louisiana excludes every idea of interfering with private property, of transferring lands. which had been severed from the royal domain. The people change their sovereign. Their right to property remains unaffected by this change.
The inquiry then is, whether this concession ,"was legally

SUPREME COURT.
[Delassus v. The United States.]
made by the proper authorities ;" 1 and might have been perfected into a complete title, under and in conformity to the laws, usages and customs of the government under which the same originated, had -not the sovereignty of the country been transferred to the United States."
The concession was made in regular form on the 1st of April 1795, by Zenon Trudeau, lieutenant governor of the western part of Illinois, in which the land lay, by special order of the baron De Carondelet, governor-general of the province, given in consequence of a contract entered into by De Luzieres with the government for the supply of lead.
By the royal order of 1774, the power of granting lands, which had been vested in the intendants by an order of 1768, was revested in the civil and military governors of provinces, who retained it till 1798. White's Compilation 218. In the execution of this power, the lieutenant governors or commandants of posts, as is fully shown by the proceedings before the various tribunals appointed under the authority of the Urnted States, were employed to make the original concession and order of survey, and to put the grantee into possession. In 1795 then, when these acts were performed by the lieutenant governor, under the authority and by the special order of the governor-general, those officers were "the proper authorities ;" and had full power to make the concession, and to perfect it by a complete title. Who can doubt that it would have been so perfected, "in conformity to the laws, usages and customs of the Spanish government, had not the sovereignty of the country been transferred to the United States "
A grant or a concession made by that officer, who is by law authorized to make it, carnes with it prima facie evidence that it is within his power. No excess of them, or departure from them, is to be presumed. He violates his duty by such excess, and is responsible for it. He who alleges that an officer entrusted with an important duty has violated his instructions, must show it.
This subject was fully discussed in the United States v. Arredondo, 6 Peters 691, Percheman v. The United States, 7 Peters 51, and the United States v. Clarke, 8 Peters 436. It is unnecessary to repeat the arguments contained in the opinions given by the court in those cases.

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Delassus v. The United States.]
The concession is unconditional, the land was regularly surveyed, and the party put into possession.
The objection made to this plain title is, that the concession is not made in pursuance of the regulations of O'Reilly.
This objection was considered in the cases heretofore decided by this court, and especially in 8 Peters 455. It is apparent that those regulations were intended for the general government of subordinate officers, not to control and limit the power of the person from whose will they emanated. The baron De Carondelet, we must suppose, possessed all the powers which had been vested in Don O'Reilly, and a concession ordered by him is as valid as a similar concession directed by governor O'Reilly would have been. Had governor O'Reilly made such a grant, could it have been alleged that he had disabled himself by his instructions for the regulation of the conduct of his subordinate officers, instructions which the power that created must have been capable of varying or annulling, from exercising the power vested in him by the crown Q
The lead mine has been mentioned. But the act of congress, on which this case depends, contains no reservation of lead mines. It extends the jurisdiction of the court to all claims, "by virtue of any French or Spanish grant, concession, warrant or order of survey," legally made by the proper authorities, &c. This is such a concession.
The court is of opinion that the claim of the appellant is valid, and ought to be confirmed. The decree of the district court is reversed and annulled, and this court, proceeding to pronounce such decree as the district court ought to have given, doth declare the claim of the petitioners to be valid, and doth confirm their title to the tract of land in their petition mentioned, according to the boundaries thereof, as described in the survey- made by Antonio Soulard, principal deputy surveyor of upper Louisiana, on the 14th day of December 1799, and his certificate of the said survey, dated the 5th of March 1800, and appearing in the record of the proceedings of this cause.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the district court of the United States, for the district

136

SUPREME COURT.

[Delassus v. The United States.]
of Missouri, and was argued by counsel, on consideration whereof, this court is of opinion that the claim of the appellant is valid, and ought to be confirmed. Whereupon, it is ordered, adjudged and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said district court in this cause be, and the same is hereby reversed and annulled, and this court, proceeding to pronounce such decree as the said district court ought to have given, doth declare the claim of the petitioner to be valid, and doth confirm his title to the tract of land in his petition mentioned, according to the boundaries thereof, as described in the survey made by Antonio Soulard, principal deputy surveyor of upper Louisiana, on the 14th day of December 1799, and his certificate of the said survey, dated the 5th of March 1800, and appearing in the record of the proceedings of the cause.

JANUARY TERM 1835.
UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS v ANTONIO HUtERTAS.
On the 15th of September 1817, the appellee, on his petition to the governor of East Florida for a grant of land for fifteen thousand acres, for services performed by him, obtained a decree of the governor for the same. The land is described in the petition.particularly, and its location designated. In December 1820, an order of survey was obtained for the lands, and they were surveyed. The certificate of survey omits to state that the lands lie at the place described in the petition. The surveys were executed in April 1821, and full titles to the land were granted in the same month. By the Court. The order of survey, and the full title granted for the land surveyed, could convey nothing net comprehended in the decree of the 15th of September 1817. That decree was for fifteen thousand acres of land, lying at the place described in the petition.
The district court decided that the claim was valid, and confirmed it, according to the surveys. By the Court. This court concurs with the district court so far as respects the validity of the claim, but disapproves of that part of it which confirms the title to the lands described in the surveys made in April 1821. These surveys do not appear to conform to the concession, under which alone the petitioner can claim.
The decree of the district court was affirmed so far as it declares the claim of the petitioner was valid, and reversed so far as it confirmed the title to the land in the surveys. The cause was remanded to the district court, with directions to cause a survey to be made of the lands contained in the concession, according to its terms, and to decree the same to the claimant.
APPEAL from the superior court of East Florida. (a)
This case was argued for the United States, by Mr Call, and by Mr Wilde and Mr White, for the appellee.
Mr Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion of the Court.
On the 15th of September 1817, Antonio Huertas, an inhabitant of East Florida, petitioned the governor of that province for fifteen thousand acres of land, on which the following decree was made.
"In attention to what this petitioner represents, and whereas
(a) This case was decided at January term 1834,but the opinion of the court was not received by the Reporter until after the publication of the volume containing the Reports of that term.

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Huertas.]
the services he mentions are well known, I grant to him, in the name of his majesty, and of his royal justice, which I administer,, the fifteen thousand acres of land which he solicits, in order that he may possess and enjoy them ]f absolute ownership, and in testimony, &c."
The land solicited is described in the petition as lying on a stream running west of St John's river, and emptying itself into it at the distance of about twelve miles south of the Lake George, and the survey to begin at about four or five mTles west of the river St John, so that the said stream will divide the tract finto two parts.
In December 1820, an order was obtained for surveying the land in four tracts; one of two thousand five hundred acres, another of one thousand five hundred, a third of six hundred, and the fourth of ten thousand four hundred acres. These surveys were executed in April 1821, and full titles granted in the same month.
These several tracts adjoin each other, and appear to lie on the stream required in the petition, and directed by the decree. But the certificate of the surveyor omits to state that the land lies four or five miles west of the river St John.
The order of survey, and the full title granted for the land surveyed, could convey nothing not comprehended in the decree of the 15th of September 1817. That decree was for fifteeen thousand acres of land lying in the place described in the petition.
The district court decided that the claim was valid, and confirmed it to the claimant "to the extent, and agreeable to the boundaries, as in the grants for the said land, and the plats for the four surveys thereof made, by Don Andrew Burgevin, and dated the 5th day of April 1821, and filed herein, as set forth."
This court concurs with the district court, so far as respects the validity of the claim, but disapproves of that part of it which confirms the title to the lands described in the surveys made in April 1821. Those surveys do not appear to this court to conform to the concession made in 1817, under which alone the petitioner can claim. The decree of the district court is affirmed, so far as it declares the claim of the petitioner to be valid, and is reversed, so far as it confirms his title to the

JANUARY TERM 1835.

173

[United States v. Huertas.3
lands described in the several plats of surveys referred to in the decree. And the cause is remanded to the district court, with directions to cause a survey to be made of the lands contained in the said concession, according to the terms thereof, and to decree the same to the claimant, so far as he has retained his title thereto.

JANUARY TERM 1835.
ROBERT PIATT, APPELLANT V CHARLES VATTIER AND OTHERS,
AND THE BANK OF THE UNITED STATES.
A bill was filed in the circuit court of Ohio, for a conveyance ofthe legal title to certain real estate in-the city of Cincinnati, and the statute oflimitations of Ohio was relied on by the defendants. The complainant claimed the benefit of an exception in the statute, of non residence and absence from the state and evidence was given, tending to show that the person under whom he made his claim in equity was within the exception. The non residence and absence were not charged in the bill, and of course were not denied or put in issue in the answer. Held, that the court can taice no notice of the proofs; for the proofs, to be admissible, must be founded upon some allegations in the bill and answer. If the merits of the case were not otherwise clear, the court might remand the cause for the purpose of amending the pleadings.
There was in this case a clear adverse possession of thirty years, without the acknowledgement of any equity or trust estate in any one, and no circumstances were stated in the bill, or shown in evidence, which overcame the decisive influence of such an adverse possession. The established doctrine of the law of courts of equity; from its being a rule adopted by those courts, independent of any legislative limitations, is, that it will not entertain stale demands.
APPEAL from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Ohio.
On the 6th of December 1827, the appellant, a citizen and resident of the state of Kentucky, filed a bill in the circuit court of the United States for the district of Ohio, setting forth, -that in the year 1789, when the city of Cincinnati was first laid out, the country being then a wilderness, and the town plat a forest of timber, certain lots in the said city were allotted as donations to those who should make certain Improvements within given periods of time, and the evidence of ownership, consisting of the certificate of the proprietors, was transferred from one person to another by delivery as evidence of title. That the lot No. 1, on the said plat, now occupied as the Cincinnati Hotel, was allotted to one Samuel Blackburn, who, before the conditions of the donation were fulfilled, transferred his right to one James Campbell, who soon thereafter transferred it to one John Bartle, who, in the summer of the year 1790, took possession of the same, and completed the improve-

406

SUPREME COURT

[Piatt v. Vattier and others.]
ments required by the terms of the donation. That said Bartle continued to occupy said lot, and the building thereon erected by himself first, and subsequently by his tenants Elliot and Williams, and by his tenant Abijah Hunt, for several years, having the certificate of the proprietors of the town as his evidence of title, and the said Bartle having become embarrassed in his circumstances, mortgaged the said lot to one Robert Barr, of Lexington, Kentucky, of whom, and his heirs, if deceased, nothing was known, for the sum of about 700 dollars, to the payment of which the rents reserved to said Bartle, from the tenants in possession, were to be, and a large amount was in fact appropriated and paid. That the said Bartle having been upset in crossing the Ohio river, and thrown into the same, lost his certificate for said lot, and this fact coming to the knowledge of one Charles Vattier, a citizen and resident of the state of Ohio, who, it is prayed, may be made defendant to the bill, and the said Bartle being then in very reduced circumstances, the said Vattier contriving and intending to defraud the said Bartle of the said lot, then become considerably valuable, went to Lexington and purchased of said Barr the mortgage given on said lot by said
Bartle, which he took up, and having obtained from Abijah Hunt, then the tenant of said Bartle, .the possession of the said lot in the absence of said Bartle from the country, the said Vattier obtained from John Cleves Symmes, in whom the legal title was, a conveyance for said lot. That said Vattier having thus fraunulently obtained the possession of and title to said lot, afterwards sold the same to one John Smith, who had full notice and knowledgeof the original and continued claim of said Bartle to the same, which said Smith is since deceased, and his heirs, if any are alive, are unknown to the complainant, and the said Smith, after occupying the same for a time, sold the same to one John H. Piatt, who had full notice and knowledge of Bartle's claim thereto, said John H. Piatt is since deceased, leaving Benjamin M. Piatt and Philip Grandon and Hannah C. his wife, citizens and residents of the state of Ohio, his heirs at law, with others not citizens of this state, and who cannot therefore be made defendants. And the said John H. Piatt, in his lifetime, mortgaged the same to the President, Directors and Company of the Bank of the United States, under

JANUARY TERM 1835.

407

[Piatt v. Vattior and others.]
which mortgage the said President, Directors and Company of the Bank of the United States have obtained possession and complete title, with full notice and knowledge of the claim of said Bartle. And the said President, Directors and Company of the Bank of the United States have sold the same to one John Watson, a citizen and resident of this state, who, it is prayed, may be made defendants to this bill, the said Watson being in the actual possession of said premises, but has not paid the purchase money or obtained a deed therefor. The bill further shows that the said Bartle asserted to the said Yattier, to the said Smith, and to the said Piatt, his right to said premises at various and different times, but from poverty was unable to attempt enforcing the same in acourt of equity or elsewhere, and the complainant has recently purchased from said Bartle his nght to said lot, and obtained a conveyance from him for the same. Thebill prays, that the said President, Directors and Companyof the Bank of the'United States may be decreed to deliver possession of said premises to the complainant, and account for and pay the rents and profits thereof to him, and execute a quiet claim deed therefor to him, or in case the said President, Directors and Company of the Bank of the United States be protected in the possession thereof, that Charles Vattier be decreed to account for and pay to the complainant the value thereof upon such pnnciples as shall be deemed just and equitable, and for other and further relief, &c.
The Bank of the United States fled an answer, denying any knowledge of the facts alleged in the bill, as to the title of Bartle to the property in question, and asserting a regular legal title to the same in those under whom they hold the same. They assert a possession of the property in Charles Vattier, from 1797 up to July 1806, when the property was purchased by John Smith, and was afterwards, in 1811, sold by the sheriff by virtue of a fien facias, as the property of John Smith, and bought by John H. Piatt, under whom, and whose heirs, the property is held by conveyances, commencing in 1820, by mortgage, by deed in fee simple from the heirs of John H. Piatt in 1823, and by a release of the dower of the widow of John H. Piatt at the same time, for which release the bank paid to the said widow 11,000 dollars.
Upon this lot of ground John H. Piatt made extensive and

SUPREME COURT.
[Piatt v. Vattier and othfrs.]
costly improvements, and in particular erected the Cincinnati Hotel.
The answer states that the bank, at the time of the purchase, knew nothing of the claim of the complainant, or of Bartle, and that they claim a complete title to the lot under John C. Symmes, Charles Vattier, John Smith, and John H. Piatt, and his heirs and representatives, and widow, as above stated, and they allege that said Vattier took possession of said lot about the year 1799, and that said Vattier and those claiming under him have continued in the uninterrupted possession of said premises ever since, being a period of more than twenty-eight years.
The answer of Charles Vattier denies all the allegations in the bill which assert his knowledge of the title, said to have been held by Bartle to the property, and asserts a purchase of the property claimed by Robert Piatt, from Robert Barr of Lexington, Kentucky, and that a complete legal title to the same had been made to him by John Cleves Syrmes, holding the said legal title. That he came fairly into the possession of this property, and at that time had not the least notice or knowledge of the supposed equitable claim of the said Bartle to the lot. He further states that, while he lived on said lot, he frequently saw Bartle, who was often in the house on the lot, that said Bartle never made known to him, or intimated to him, that he had any claim or title to the lot, that while he was the owner of the lot, he made improvements on the same, of which Bartle had knowledge. He does not believe, or admit, that said Smith had any notice of the several matters and things set forth in the bill at the time he received a conveyance for said lot from this defendant, as before stated, or that he knew or had heard any thing of the supposed right or claim of said Bartle to said lot. He further states that, ever since he took possession of said lot, in the year 1797, there has been a continued possession of the same, under his title thus acquired from said Symmes, by the successive owners, as set forth in the bill. He knows nothing of the inability of said Bartle, on account of his poverty, to assert his title to said lot, if he had one, nor does he know that the said Robert Piatt has purchased from the said Bartle his right to said lot, and obtained a conveyance from him for the same, and therefore he requires full proof of the same.

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Piatt v. Vattier and others.]
The complainant filed a general replication. The depositions of a number of witnesses were taken and filed in the case, and on the 19th of December 1831, the circuit court made a decree dismissing the bill, and stating that the equity of the case was with the defendants, and that the complainant was not entitled to the relief sought. The complainant appealed to this court.
The case was- argued by Mr Ewing and Mr Bibb, for the appellant, and by Mr Sergeant and Mr Webster, for the appellees.
The decision of the court having been given on the bar which was interposed by time, to the right of the appellant to recover, the arguments of counsel on the other points in the case are omitted.
Upon the effect of the statutes of limitations of Ohio on the claim of the appellant, and of time on the same, the counsel for the appellant contended, that the length of time is no bar, according to the facts and circumstances of this case.
The question s, whether the claim set up in the bill is barred by the statute of limitations of Ohio.
In Aggas v. Pickerell, 3 Atk. 222, (26th of June 1745) upon a bill for redemption of mortgaged premises, of which the defendant had possession more than twenty years, the defendant demurred. The chancellor expressed his opinion unfavourably to the demurrer. He said, "how is it possible to give greater allowance to length of time than the statute of limitation does l" "The plaintiff may, by way of reply or amending his bill, make it appear he is within the saving of the statute;" "or upon a plea he may prove himself to be within the exceptions."
In 3 Atk. 314, the same rule is observed, and redemption decreed in behalf of a "prowling assignee, who admitted he had the equity of redemption for a very inconsiderable sum." The plaintiff was not barred by the statute of limitations, and, although the chancellor was much disinclined towards the assignee, he did decree in his favour, declaring, "yet even in the case of an assignee of the equity of redemption, if the cir-
VOL. IX.-3.

SUPREME COURT.
[Piatt v. Vattier and others.I
cumstances would induce the court to decree redemption in favour of the mortgagor, the assignee who stands in his place will have the benefit of it."
In Higginson v. Mein, 4 Cranch 415 to 420, 2 Cond. Rep. 135, the debt was enforced against the mortgaged premises, the presumption of payment from length of time being repelled by circumstances. But after the elaborate argument and decision of this court, on a full investigation of the adjudged cases in Elmendorff v Taylor, 10 Wheat. 168, 6 Cond. Rep. 47, it is unnecessary to labour the principle. It is said confidently, that, so far as the defendants below have relied upon length of time, the question is, whether there are such laches and non claim of the rightful owner of this equity, for such a period as that he would have been barred by the statute of limitations of Ohio, supposing the plaintiff and those from ,whom he claims had held the legal estate.
The provisions of the act of limitations of the state of Ohio, of 1804, applicable to this case, are, the first section, which limits the action of ejectment, &c., or other possessory action 'for lands, to twenty years, and the third section, which contains the usual savings in favour of infants, femes covert, persons insane, imprisoned, "1or beyond sea, at the time when such actions may or shall have accrued;" and allows the period of twenty years before limited, "after such disability shall have been removed."
The sections of the act of 1810, are the second, which limits the time for writs of ejectment, or other possessory actions for lands, to twenty-one years, the third section, which contains the like saving, as the act of 1804, for persons under disability of infancy, "beyond sea," &c., and allows the like period of twenty-one years "after such disability shall have been removed ;" and the sixth section, which repeals the act of limitations of 1804, and declares that this act (of 1810) shall take effect on the 1st day of June 1810.
The third statute of limitations, passed 25th of February "1824, to take effect from the 1st of June 1824, is "an act for the limitation of actions." 22 Laws of Ohio 325.
Section first limits, "first, actions of ejectment, or any other action for recovery of the title or possession of lands, tenements, or hereditaments," to twenty-one years; and then limits per-

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Piatt v. Vattier and others.]
sonal actions to various shorter periods. Section second provides that "if any person who shall be entitled to have or commence any action of ejectment" "shall be within the age of twenty-one years, insane, feme covert, imprisoned, or without the United States and territories thereof, at the time such cause of action shall have accrued, and if any person who shall be entitled to institute any other action limited by this act, shall be within age as aforesaid, insane, feme covert, imprisoned, or without this commonwealth, at the time such cause of action shall have accrued, every such person shall have a right to commence any such action within the time hereinbefore limited, after such disability shall be removed."
The fourth and last act, passed 8th of February 1826, is "supplementary to the act entitled, an act for the limitation of actions." Session Acts 60.
This act recites, that doubts had arisen whether the act passed 25th of February 1824, does not suspend the operation of all former acts of limitation on causes of action, prior to the 25th of February 1824, not barred by former acts prior to that day, therefore, this act revives the acts of 1804 and 1810, for the purpose of limiting all actions the causes of which may have accrued after the 4th day of January 1804, and before the 25th of January 1810, or after the 25th of January 1810, and before the 25th of February 1824, according to the provisions of those acts, "but for no other purpose whatever."
It will be evident from the repealing clause of 1824, which took effect June 1st 1810, that as to causes of action theretofore accrued, but not then barred, the limitation ceased. Upon such actions no statute of limitation had any bearing until the passage of the act of 1826, and no bar can be worked unless the supplementary act of 1826 can produce such effect.
It has been decided that "beyond sea" means out of the state. Shelby v. Vuy, 11 Wheat. 861, 6 Cond. Rep. 855. The evidence in this case shows that Bartle was absent from the state, and thus was fully entitled to the benefit of the exception. Courts of equity will apply the same rules, as are established by statutes of limitations, but they will not go beyond them. They will give the benefit of the exceptions in the statute, when they adopt the rules of the statute. If it is necessary to set out specially in the original bill the exception of

SUPREME COURT.
[Piatt v. Vattier and others.]
the statute, as protecting the appellant he should be allowed to amend his bill, and the court will remand the case, to give him an opportunity to supply the omission. But the complainant may, on authority, amend, or may prove that he is within the exception of the statute by evidence, 3 Atkyns 226 , and this is the usual course,
Mr Sergeant and Mr Webster, for the appellees. The Bank of the United States are protected against the claim of the appellant, by length of time. 1. This protection is derived from length of time, independent of all statutes of limitations. 2. From the express provision of the statutes of Ohio. The protection is obtained by the general rules of equity. The bill has no dates; and if the case was stated as it is made out by the evidence, it would be demurrable. It would be a case of a mortgagee in possession for upwards of twenty years without payment of interest. This, in England, would be a demurrable bill. The possession of the mortgagee was for thirty-five years. Cases cited upon this position Hughes v. Edwards, 9 Wheat. 497, 5 Cond. Rep. 648, Willison v. Watkins, 3 Peters 43. It is no answer to say that the person who claims title was out of the state of Ohio. The exception is one by statute, but the rule is one of courts of equity which has no exception. 2. The plaintiff's case is completely barred by the statutes of Ohio, unless he can protect it by the exception in the statute ,in favour of a person "beyond seas." In this case the appellant cannot avail himself of the exception in the statute. Vattier says, he went into possession in 1797, and this is a bar, unless the exception operates. The appellant says he was out of the state. The question is one of law, not of evidence. The complainant having filed his bill in equity against a person in possession upwards of thirty years, and the defendants asserting the protection of the general provisions of the statutes of limitations, until the complainant shall establish by proof, that the exception applies to him, he cannot avail himself of it. The exception should have been put in issue.

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Piattv. Vattier and others.]
His protection by it should have been averred in his bill, or in an amended bill. Cooper's Chancery PractL 6, 12, 329.
How was it to be understood by the bill, that the material fact was to prove that Bartle was on the other side of the Ohio 2
In a court of common law a party defendant pleads the statute of limitations, the plaintiff replies an exception, and he must raise a prima facie case by evidence. This will apply in equity
There is no evidence that the general residence of Batle was out of the state. The case appears on the proceedings, that the defendants are to prove that Battle is not within the exception, before the plaintiff has proved the general absence of Bartle, to place him within the exception.
Mr Justice STony delivered the opinion of the Court This is an appeal from the decree of the circuit court of the district of Ohio, in a suit in equity, in which the present appellant was original plaintiff. In June 1827, the plaintiff purchased of John Bartle the lot of land in controversy, (which is asserted to be worth from 50,000 dollars to 70,000 dollars) for the consideration, as stated in the deed of conveyance, of 3000 dollars; and the present suit was brought in December of the same year. The bill states, that when the city of Cincinnati was laid out, in 1789, the country being then a wilderness, certain lots of the city were allotted as donations to those who should make certain improvements, and that the evidence of ownership of such lots was a certificate of the proprietors, which was transferable from one to another, by delivery That lot, number one, on the plat of the city (the lot in controversy), was allotted to Samuel Blackburn, who transferred his right to one James Campbell, who transferred it to Bartle in 1790, and the latter completed the improvements required by the terms of the donation. That Bartle continued to occupy the lot under this certificateof title forseveralyears; when, becoming embarrassed, he mortgaged the lot to one Robert Barr of Lexington, Kentucky, of whom, the bill states, and his heirs, if deceased, the plaintiff knows nothing, for the sum of 700 dollars; for the payment of which the rents received by Battle, from the ten-

SUPREME COURT.
[Paitt v. Vattier and others.]
ants in possession, were to be appropriated and paid. The bill then alleges that Bartle afterwards lost the certificate in crossing the Ohio river, that Charles Yattier, one of the defendants, fraudulently purchased the mortgage of Barr, and obtained possession of the lot from the tenants, in the absence of Bartle from the country, and acquired the legal title from John C. Symmes, in whom it was vested. That Yattier afterwards sold the same to one John Smith, who is since deceased, and his heirs, if any are alive, are unknown to the plaintiff, and who had full notice of Bartle's title. That Smith afterwards sold the same to one John H. Piatt, since deceased, whose heirs are made defendants, who also had notice of Bartle's tile, that Piatt, in his life time, mortgaged the same to the Bank of the United States, which has obtained possession and complete title, with the like notice. The bill further charges that Bartle asserted his right to the premises to Vattier, Smith and Piatt at various times, but from poverty was unable to attempt enforcing the same in a court of equity, or elsewhere, and that the plaintiff has recently, in December 1827, purchased Bartle's right, and obtained a conveyance thereof. The bill then states that the plaintiff had hoped that the bank would have surrendered the possession, or in case it refused so to do, that Yattier would have accounted with the plaintiff for the'value thereof, taking an account of the mortgage money paid to Barr, of the improvements, rents, profits, &c. But that the bank has refused to surrender the possession, and Vattier has refused to account. And it then prays a decree against the bank to surrender the possession, and account for the rents and profits, and to execute a quiet claim, or, if the bank is protected in the possession, that Yattier shall be decreed to account, and for general relief.
In their answers, Yattier and the Bank of the United States -assert themselves to be bona fide purchasers, for a valuable consideration, of an absolute title to the premises. without notice of Bartle's title, and they rely on the lapse of time also as a defence. The bill, as to the heirs of J. 1-. Piatt, was taken pro confesso, they not having appeared in the cause.
From the evidence in the cause it appears, that Yattier and those claiming title under him, have been in possession of the premises, claiming an absolute title thereto, adverse to the title

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Piatt v. Vattier and others.]
of Bartle, ever since the 20th of March 1797, the day of the date of the conveyance from Symmes to Vattier. At the hearing, in the circuit court, the bill was dismissed , and the cause now stands before this court upon an appeal taken from that decision.
Various questions have been made at the argument before us, as to the nature and character of Bartle's title, and, if he had any valid title, whether the purchasers under Barr had notice of it. With these and some other questions, we do not intermeddle, because in our view' of the cause, they are not necessary to a correct decision of it.
The important question is, whether the plaintiff is barred by the lapse of time for we do not understand, that the adverse possession presents, under the laws of Ohio, any objection to the transfer of Bartle's title to the plaintiff, if Bartle himself could assert it in a court of equity This question has been argued at the bar under a double aspect. first, upon the ground of the statute of limitatioils of Ohio, and secondly, upon the ground of an equitable bar, by mere lapse of time, independertly of that statute.
In regard to the statute of limitations, itis clear that the full time has elapsed to give effect to that bar, upon the known analogy adopted by courts of equity, in regard to trusts of real estate, unless Bartle is within one of the exceptions of the statute by his non residence and absence from the state. It is said that there is complete proof in the cause, to establish such non residence and absence. But the difficulty is, that the non residence and absence are not charged in the bill, and of course are not denied or put in issue by the answer; and unless they are so put in issue, the court can take no notice of the proofs, for the proofs to be admissible must be founded upon some allegations in the bill and answer. It has been supposed that a different doctrine was held by lord Hardwicke in Aggas v Pickerell, 3 Atk. 228, and Gregor v. Molesworth, 2 Yes. 109, and by lord Thurlow in Deloraine v. Browne, 3 Bro. Ch. Rep. 632. But these cases did not proceed upon the ground, that proofs were admissible to show the party, plaintiff, to-be within the exception of the statute of limitations, when relied on by way of plea or answer, and the exception was not stated in the bill, or specially replied, but upon the ground that the omission

SUPREME COURT
[Piatt v. Vattier and others.]
in the bill to allege such exception could not be taken by way of demurrer. And even this doctrine is contrary to former decisions of the court ;(a) and it has since been explicitly overruled, and particularly in Beckford v. Close, 4 Yes. 476, Foster v. Hodgson, 19 Yes. 180, and Hovenden v. Lord Annesley, 2 Soh. and Lefr. 637, 638. And the doctrine is now clearly established, that if the statute of limitations is relied on as a bar, the plaintiff, if he would avoid it, by any exception in the statute, must explicitly allege it in his bill, or specially reply it, or, what is the modern practice, amend his bill, if it contains no suitable allegation to meet the bar. (b) In the present case, if the merits were otherwise clear, the court might remand the cause for the purpose of amending the pleadings, and supplying this defect. But, in truth, the answers, though they rely generally on the lapse of time, do not specially rely on the statute of limitations, as a bar and the case may, therefore, well be decided upon the mere lapse of time, independently of the statute.
And we are of opinion that the lapse of time is, upon the pnnciples of a court of equity, a clear bar to the present suit, independently of the statute. There has been a clear adverse possession of thirty years without the acknowledgement of any equity or trust estate in Bartle, and no circumstances are stated in the bill, or shown in the evidence, which overcome the decisive influence of such an adverse possess.ion. The established doctrine,--or as Lord Redesdale phrased it, in Hovenden v. Annesley, 2 Sch. and Lef. 637, 638, "the law of courts of equity'-from its being a rule adopted by those courts, independently of any positive legislative limitations, is, that it will not entertain stale demands. Lord Camden, in Smith v Clay, 3 Brown's Ch. Rep. 640, note, stated it in a very pointed manner. "A court of equity," said he, "which is never active in relief against conscience or public convenience, has always refused its aid to stale demands, where the party has slept upon his rights, or acquiesced for a great length of time. Nothing
(a) See South Sea Company v. Wymonasell, a P. Wins 143, 145, and Mr Coxe's note; Cooper's Eq. Pi. 254,255, Smith v. Clay, 3 Bro. Ch. Rep. 640, note.
(b) See Belt's note to the case of Deloraine v. Browne; 3 Bro. Ch. Rep. 640, n.1, Miller v. M'Intire, 6 Peters 61, 64.

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Piatt v. Vattier and others.]
can call forth this court into activity but conscience, good faith and reasonable diligence. Where these are wanting, the court is passive and does nothing, laches and neglect are always discountenanced, and therefore from the beginning of this jurisdiction there was always a limitation of suit.in this court." The same doctrine has been repeatedly recognized in the British courts, as will abundantly appear from the cases already cited, as well as from the great case of Cholmondeley v. Clinton, 2 Jac. and Walk. 1.(a) It has also repeatedly received the sanction of the American courts, and was largely discussed in Kane v. Bloodgood, 7 Johns. Ch. Rep. 93, and Decouche v. Saratiere, 3 Johns. Ch. Rep. 190. And it has been acted on in the fullest manner by this court, especially in the case of Prevost v. Gratz, 6 Wheat. 481, 5 Cond. Rep. 142, Hughes v. Edwards, 9 Wheat. 489, 5 Cond.Rep. 648, and Wilison v. Matthews, 3 Peters 44, and Miller v. M'Intire, 6 Peters 61, 66.
Without, therefore, going at large into the grounds upon which this doctrine is established, though it admits of the most ample vindication and support, we are all of opinion that the lapse of time in the present case is a complete bar to the relief sought, and that the decree of the circuit court dismissing the bill, ought to be affirmed with costs.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Ohio, and was argued by counsel, on consideration whereof, it is decreed and ordered by this court, that the decree of the said circuit court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed with costs.
(a) See also Beckford v. Wade, 17 Ves. 86; Barney v. Ridgard, 1 Cox. Cas. 145, Blannerhassett v. Day, 1 Ball. and Beatt. Rep. 104, Hardy v. Reeves, 4 Ves. 479; Harrington v. Smith, 1 Bro. Par., Cas. 95.
VOL. ix.-3 c

204

SUPREME COURT

GEORGE KING'S HEIRS, RAPHAEL SEMMES AND OTHERS, AP-
PELLANTS V. JOSIAH THOmPsoN AND ELIZABETH HIS WIFE.
District of Columbia. A few days after the marriage of J. Thompson, with the daughter of George King, in 1812, the latter residing in Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, and having a large active capital, and a large real estate there, proposed to grant to J. T. a house and lot in Gnorgetown, then much out of repair and untenantable, provided he would repair the same so as to make it a comfortable residence , and saying that he intended the property for Ius daughter. This proposition was accepted by J. T., who repaired the property, expending upwards of 4000 dollars on the same, and he, with his wife, resided on it about four years. Before his removal from it, a correspondence on the subject of the conveyance of the property to 3. T., or to J. T. and his wife, took place, which ended in propositions to convey the property, on certain terms, beneficial to J. T. and wife, in pursuance of, and intended to be in execution of the original offer of G. K. to J. T., made immediately after the marriage. No conveyance was made. J. T. and wife removed from Georgetown, and G. K. collected and paid to J. T. the rents of the property for some time after their removal. G. K. died in 1820, insolvent; his debts amounted to 36,000 dollars, and his whole estate, both real and personal, when sold, did not pay thirty-nine per cent of his debts. The property claimed by J. T. and wife in this case, was sold for 1600 dollars by a trustee under a decree in chancery, obtained by the creditors of G. K., hut the sale has not been ratified.
From the occupancy of the property, and the amount of money expended in improving it, it was certain that there was an understanding betwen G. K. and J. T., that the property in some manner should be possessed and enjoyed by J. T. and his wife. The evidence however showed, that G. K. did not intend to vest it absolutely in J. T., but that the value of it, before the improvements, should, in some form, be secured to the wife of J. T. Whatever uncertainty may have existed as to the terms of the contract, J. T. acted under it, in taking possession of the property, and expending a large sum of money on it.
J. T. and wife filed a bill against the heirs of G. K., and the trustee of the creditors of G. K., claiming a conveyance of the property, and for general relief. By the Court. In no point of view could such a contract as that in this case be considered voluntary. There was not only a good consideration, that of natural affection, but a valuable one. To constitute a valuable consideration, it is not necessary that money should be paid; but if, as in this case, it be expended on the faith of the contract, it constitutes a valuable consideration.
In testing the validity of the transaction of 1812, the subsequent fall of property in Georgetown, or the failure of King, cannot be taken into view. The inquiry mtst be limited to his circumstances, at that time. It is not shown that the persons for whom he was bound, as indorser, were then una-

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[King's Heirs and others v. Thompson and Wife.]
ble to pay the respective sums for which he was responsible; and it would be improper to consider those sums as debts due by King. He wasresponsible for their payment on certain contingencies; but the fact that his credit remained unimpaired for several years after the contract, shows that neither his credit, nor the credit of those for whom he was indorser, was considered doubtful. In this state of facts, King was in a condition to dispose of the house and lot, not worth more than 2500 dollars, on the terms stated. The terms of the contract not being sufficiently established by the evidence, the court decreed that the property should be sold, and the proceeds of the sale should be first applied to the payment of the money expended by Thompson in making improvements on the property; and the balance, if any, paid over for the benefit of the creditors of George King- Thompson not to be charged with rent of the premises while he occupied them, or with the rent collected and paid to him after he removed.
APPEAL from the circuit court of the United States for the county of Washington.
The appellees, Josiah Thompson and wife, on the 14th of June 1826, filed a bill on the equity side of the circuit court, alleging that George King, in October 1812, a few days after the marriage of Josiah Thompson with Elizabeth, the daughter of the said George King, proposed to grant to the said Thompson and wife, a house and lot of ground in Georgetown, if Thompson would repair and make it comfortable for a residence; at the same time informing Thompson, he intended the property for his daughter Betsey. The bill alleges that this offer was accepted by Thompson, and that he made repairs to a large amount, and that he occupied the property after it was repaired until 1816, when he removed to the western country.
At the time of this gift, the bill alleges that George King was in good credit, and in prosperous circumstances, it being believed he had a large capital, and that he owned a valuable real estate, which, after the payment of his debts, not large in amount, would enable him to provide handsomely for his children.
In 1816, before Josiah Thompson removed from Georgetown, a correspondence took place between him and George
King, which was annexed to the bill, and which is referred-to as evidence of the contract, under which Josiah Thompson took possession of and improved the property.

SUPREME COURT
[King's Heirs and others v. Thompson and Wife.]
The first letter was from George King to the complainant, Josiah Thompson, and was dated,
"Georgetown, 17th of April 1816. "Mr Josiah Thompson "Sir, I am informed that you are in suspense in regard to the property you now live on, and I think it a duty incumbent on me to let you know the terms I mean to let my daughter Betsey have it. I hold myself ready, and hold myself bound to give a deed to a trustee, who shall hold it in trust for her and yourself during your lives; and then, after the death of you both, to revert to her lawful heirs, her children, if any she has, if not, to my heirs but you may say I wrong you in this way, by not letting you know before now that I did not mean to deed to you instead of keeping it for her, and on that account you have put more improvements than you would have done had you have been informed before. You may now sell the property, and all you can get over three thousand dollars for it, you can do as you like with, but that sum must be kept sacred for the use of your wife. in the.hands of trustees, for her support in case she might ever need it, the use of which as the income will be at your disposal during your own and her life, and then to her heirs as before and other terms than this it will be useless for you to look for, without you find two just fathers that shall say I ought to do otherways; and, after hearing their reasons on the subject, perhaps I might alter my opinion.
"Yours, with due esteem, " GEORGE KING."
In reply to this letter, after remonstrating against making the conveyance of the property in trust, the complainant, under date of the 26th of April 1816, made three proposals to George King.
"1. Let the property be valued as to its worth at the time it was put into my possession, and I will pay the amount over to you, which you may then hold for my wife, or give it to whom you please, for, when I married her, I was not influenced by any pecuniary motive, and as she has never given

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[King's Heirs and others v. Thompson and Wife.]
me reason to regret my choice, I surely will not allow a consideration like the present to create the smallest uneasiness.
"2. Let the improvements be estimated pay me the amount, and then I will relinquish all claim, and you will be at liberty to dispose of it as you may deem proper.
"3. Execute a deed to your daughter at once in fee-simple, and I will for her benefit and advantage cheerfully give in all that I have expended this will at once be making her the guardian of her own property, and, if it should please God to call me first, will be to her a support.
"Thus, my dear sir, you will find that I am not disposed to dispute about the original value of the property, for, though I consider it as certainly the property of my wife from the delivery of it into my possession, as any subsequent act could make it, and from the manner I was allowed and encouraged to go on with the improvements, yet I am willing at any moment to bind myself to abide by either of the above proposals."
To these proposition, George King, on the 29th of April 1816, replied
"I make no hesitation of complying with your first proposal, for it is just what I proposed in my first to you, and I will do it another way, giving you your choice, viz. I will deed the dwelling-house and all above it to you, and about twenty feet below it, and then all below that I will deed to Betsey, provided she will never deed it, nor otherways dispose of it during her life, only by will, which she shall always be at liberty to make when and how she pleases.
"GEo. KING."
The bill proceeds to state that the complainant, Josiah Thompson, was satisfied with the proposition contained in the letter of the 29th of April 1816, and that at the removal of the complainant from Georgetown he rented the property, and constituted George King, his agent to collect the rents of the same, which duties he continued to perform, without advancing at any time a claim to the same.
On the death of George King, the legal title to the property descended to his heirs, no conveyance having been made of it

SUPREME COURT.
[King's Hoirs and others v. Thompson and wife.]
to the complainants, and the bill prays for a decree, that the heirs of George King convey the said legal title to the complainants, in fulfilment of the agreement of George King; and in the event that the same for any reason cannot be done, that the said property stand charged, to the amount of the repairs and improvements put on it by the complainants, and for other and further relief, &c.
After the decease of George King in 1830, largely in debt, to the amount of 36,000 dollars, and insolvent, his whole real and personal estate not being sufficient to pay his debts, in fact not more than thirty-nine per cent, of his just debts, his whole real estate was sold by Raphael Semmes, appointed trustee by the court of chancery for that purpose, at the instance of George King's creditors, and among the rest the property now in controversy was sold for 1660 dollars to John W Baker.
John W Baker deposited 1190 dollars 18 cents, part of this purchase money in the Mechanics Bank of Georgetown in 1826 and 1827, to remain until the termination of this suit, the first deposit was made on the 26th of July 1826, after the filing of this bill.
In the suit instituted by the creditors of George King, to compel a sale of his real estate for the payment of his debts, all the heirs of George King were made parties, and among the rest, the said Thompson and wife. The sale to Baker never was ratified, in consequence of this suit instituted by Thompson and wife. The heirs of George King (his estate being insolvent) feeling no interest in the suit, filed their answers to the bill of Thompson and wife, neither admitting nor denying the facts alleged, submitting themselves to the judg-
ment of the court. Raphael Semmes, the trustee for George King's creditors, on
petition and by leave of the court, was made a defendant, and allowed to contest the claim set up by Thompson and wife, as was also Charles King one of the principal creditors. They denied the pretended contract and gift set up in the bill, denied the improvements charged to have been made on the property, averred the indebtedness of George King at the time of the pretended gift, to a large amount, and the continuance of such indebtedness to the same creditors up ta the time of his death, and the unlawfulness and fraud in law of such gift, if any

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[King's Heirs and others v. Thompson and wife.]
could be proved, and the insufficiency of George King's whole estate, real and personal, to pay his just debts, and claimed the proceeds of said house and lot, for said creditors of King.
Charles King as a creditor, also filed a bill against Josiah Thompson and wife, charging in substance the same facts, to which bill, Thompson and wife responded, reasserting in substance the matters alleged in the original bill. They admit in this answer, that they were married on the 6th of October 1812, and that the alleged gift of the house and lot was made after the marriage.
Evidence was taken by the complainants and the respondents, which is fully stated in the opinion of this court, and on the 5th of April 1832, the circuit court, all the parties having been heard together, pronounced a decree directing a conveyance in fee of the property, claimed in the bill, to Josiah Thompson, from which decree this appeal was taken.
The case was argued by Mr Dunlop and Mr Key, for the appellants, and by Mr Coxe, for the appellees.
For the appellants it was contended, that the decree of the circuit court was erroneous, and ought to be reversed.
1. Because the letters of George King do not import any contract, binding him or his heirs to convey the property in fee to Thompson, nor does Thompson's bill pray such conveyance.
Because the letters and proof in the cause, show no contract concluded, or ascertained with such certainty, as to warrant a decree for specific execution.
2. If there was a contract of gift, it was made after marriage, without any valuable consideration, was voluntary, and cannot be enforced even against George King's heirs.
The said gift was fraudulent and void. 3. Because George King was indebted at the time of the alleged gift, and so continued up to the time of his death, and his creditors, at the time of the gift, represented by Semmes the trustee, are yet unpaid, and the said King's estate insolvent. 4. The improvements made by Thompson, gave him no lien on the property, or any claim to a conveyance to himself in fee. If made, they constituted a personal claim against George
VOL. Ix.-2 B

SUPREME COURT.
[King's Heirs and others v. Thompson and Wife.]
King, more than offset by the enjoyment and occupation of the house and lot for many years, and by Payne's debt, paid for Thompson by George Kings estate.
Mr Dunlop, for the appellants, contended 1. That there was no contract of gift proved, or none such as Thompson's bill and the decree below enforced. The decree is for a deed, in fee, to Thompson himself. The letters (and they are the only evidence of the alleged gift) do not show any engagement on the part of G. K. to convey to Thompson. The letters show a resolute determination on the part of King, not to deed to Thompson, but to give, what he meant to give, to Thompson's wife, the daughter of King. The letters show the parties to be still in treaty about the terms. The letter of the 29th of April 1816, contained an alternative offer; and, if Thompson assented, which of the alternatives did he choose7 It is clear that no definite contract was concluded-none so specific, that a court of equity could decree its performance. Moreover, the court has decreed neither of the alternatives, but a thing entirely different, and never in the contemplation of the contracting parties. But if the contract was sufficiently proved, it was founded on the consideration of love and affection only, was voluntary, and cannot be enforced even against the other heirs of George King. The other heirs of George King have the legal title, and having equal equity with the complain'ants, Thompson and wife, no court of equity would disturb them. As between the parties, a court of equity will not interfere to set aside a fair, voluntary conveyance. But it is a clearly settled rule, that chancery will not decree a specific performance of a mere voluntary covenant, without consideration, to make a con~eyance, and this the court is here asked to do. Blacket al. v. Cord, 2 Harns & Gill 100; 1Maddock's Chancery 414, 415, Osgood v Strode, 2 P Wins 242, Francis's Maxims 14, ch. 15. It is said that the contract was ante nuptial, and that marriage is a valuable consideration. There is no proof of this fact, and the onus of proof is on Thompson and wife. But if there was any ante nuptial promise, itwas by parol and therefore void. It could not be valid, unless reduced to Writing before

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[King's Heirs and others v. Thompson and Wife.]
marriage. Reid v. Livingston, 3 Johns. Cha. Rep. 488, 489, and the cases there cited.
The proof, however, is, and so Thompson and wife in their own bill say, that the promise was post nuptial.
It is also urged, that the improvements and repairs constituted a valuable consideration.
In the first place, the repairs were injudicious, extravagant, and not such as George King had authorized. They could, so far as they were lawful and authorized, only amount to a personal claim on George King. At all events, these repairs could be no consideration for the original value of the property, that is to say, for the value of the property before the improvements were put upon it. The repairs did not enure to the use of King; and Thompson and wife have had the benefit of them in the occupation of the property for many years.
The bill itself does not ask for a conveyance on the ground of repairs, but goes solely upon the contract of gift by the father to the daughter. If repairs could give a title, a parent in debt nght, on this pretence, and in defiance of creditors, settle all his estate on his children.
2. If there was a gift, and it could be enforced in equity against Kings heirs, it is void against creditors.
George King was largely indebted at the time of the pre. tended gift. Many of those who were creditors at the time continue to be creditors to this day, and are now resisting Thompson's claim. As against them, the contract is absolutely fraudulent and void.
Indebtedness at the time is not only a badge of fraud, but as to such creditor, continuing to be a creditor, per se, avoids the contract or conveyance. The evidence is clear, that the creditors now before the court were many of them creditors at the time of the gift. Reid v. Livingston, 3 Johns. Cha. Rep. 497, Sexton v. Wheaton, 241, 242, 243, 244, et seq., Lessee of Ridgway v. Underwood, 4 Wash. C. C. Rep., Ridgway v. Ogden, 4 Wash. C. C. Rep. 139.
If the indebtedness of King was only evidence of fraud, and not conclusive to avoid the deed, the record shows bim to bave been so much involved at the time of the gift, as to lead a court of equity to set it aside for fraud. It cannot be said to

*SUPREME COURT.
[King's Heirs and others v. Thompson and Wife.]
have been a fair transaction. He did not leave enough undisposed of to pay his creditors at the time. Subsequent creditors, under such circumstances, could impeach it for fraud, and a fortiori, creditors at the time. Hinde v Longwortb, 11 Wheaton 199, 6 Cond. Rep. 270.
Mr Coxe, for the appellees. The original bill asks either a conveyance in fee, in execution of the agreement between George King and Josiah Thompson, or that the value or cost of the improvements shall be decreed to be a lien upon the property on which they were made. The cost of the improvements was larger in amount than the property would now bring, and thus the result of either decision would be the same. The precise form in which the relief sought in the circuit court by Thompson and wife shall be given, is therefore altogether immaterial. The appellants, in their first position, assert that the letters of George King do not import a contract binding him or his heirs to convey the property in fee to Thompson and wife, nor does the bill ask for such a conveyance. They say the letters and proof in the case show no contract concluded or ascertained, with sufficient certainty, to warrant a decree for specific execution. The appellants are not authorized to select parts of the evidence, and allege for error that they, when taken alone, do not sustain the decree. Whether the conveyance be directed to be made to Thompson, or to him and his wife, is not a matter for the appellants. It is a sufficient answer to their claim that it can properly be made to either or both. This court is competent to rectify the decree in favour of those entitled. As to the ground that no proof is shown for a specific performance, it is answered,. that the averments and proof are sufficiently distinct. 1. As to the property embraced in the arrangements. 2. As to the nature of the estate to be created. 3. As to the consideration. The only doubt is as to the respective interests of Thompson and his wife. This, as has been said, is not a matter in which the appellants have any interest. The heirs of George King have not appealed. The pleadings show this. The appellants' second ground for reversal is, that if there

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[King's Heirs and others v. Thompson and Wife.]
was a contract or gift, it was after marriage, was without any consideration, and was voluntary, and cannot be enforced against George King's heirs. That the gift was fraudulent and void.
This exception is given in a questionable form. It does not assert that the gift was gratuitous, or that it was purely voluntary. But if it did, there is no rule in equity that such a gift cannot be enforced in equity. To the word "voluntary," different significations are given by courts of equity This case may not be called a gift. It was a contract executed in every thing but a conveyance, and this equity will enforce.
Although it sometimes comprehends all conveyances without any pecuniary consideration, or valuable consideration, yet when it is used to indicate that species of conveyance which equity will not aid or enforce, it means that conveyance which has no meritorious consideration, either good or valuable. Equity is remedial only to those who come in upon an actual consideration. But there are precedents of relief where it is a provision for children. Fonbl. b. 1, c. 5, s. 2, 348, 349, also note to Sug. on Powers 275, 276, Hardham v. Roberts, I Vern. 132, Thompson v. Atfield, I Vern. 40, Colnan v. Sarrell, 1 Ves. Jun. 50, Minton v. Seymour, 4 Johns. Ch. Rep. 497, 500, M'Call v. M'Call, 3 Day 402, Hinde's Lessee v. Longworth, 11 Wheat. 213, 6 Cond. Rep. 270.
But the consideration in this case stands on a higher footing than that of being simply meritorious. The contract was mutual and executory. The consideration was actually paid by Thompson. He laid out large sums in valuable improvements, and owing to the depreciation of the property, these sums cannot be reimbursed. To make a consideration valuable, there need be no pecuniary benefit passing to the vendor. Any thing injurious or detrimental to the other party, is equally operative in making the contractbinding. Roberts on Fraud.
Convey. 15. Such a contract, on such a consideration, carried into actual
execution by Thompson by the expenditure of his money, by taking possession, and continuing in possession from 1813 to 1835, cannot now be disturbed.
It is assigned as a reason for reversing the decree of the circuit court, that the gift was fraudulent and void.

SUPREME COURT.
[King's Heirs and others v. Thompson and Wife.]
The meaning of this is, that the gift is void because it is fraudulent. But in the pleadings there is no allegation of fraud. This is a necessary averment, and is uniformly required. 6 Har. & John. 24.
There is no ground assigned upon which the conclusion of fraud can be based. It has been settled by this court, that a deed, though voluntary, is not in general void, as against subsequent creditors. Sexton v. Wheaton, 8 Wheat. 229, 5 Cond. Rep. 419.
The only creditor who has intervened, is Charles King, and he was not a creditor at or near the time of this contract. In no part of the record does any ground appear on which he could impeach the validity of the proceeding. The whole proceedings in his suit to enforce payment out of the real estate, were insufficient and informal. No administration account appears to have been settled. No deficiency of real estate has been established.
'There is n6"allegation that any other creditors are interested. One creditor cannot, on his own behalf solely, proceed against the real estate of a deceased debtor. 4 Simon's Rep. 37, 6 Cond. Ch. Rep. 25.
The last point insisted upon by the appellees is, that the expenditures by Thompson constituted no lien on the property.
There is no fraud imputed to Thompson and wife. Their conduct is unimpeached and unimpeachable; they acted fairly; their possession was notorious, taxes were charged to them in the assessments of the property, and the money for the repairs was advanced in good faith.
This then is a far stronger case than that of Harding v Handy, 11 Wheat. 103, 6 Cond. Rep. 236. In that case the court allowed the property to which a title had been obtained by improper means, to stand as security for the repayment of the expenditures, &c. In this case, the form of the decree, save as to costs and expenses, is immaterial. It is admitted on all hands, that the property cannot reimburse the expenditures for improvements. If the appellants will pay the expenses of a reference to a master and a sale, the appellees are content with a decree to receive merely the debt actually due.
Mr Key, in reply, insisted on the insolvency of George King

JANUARY TERM 1835.
fKing's Heirs and others v. Thompson and Wife.]
at the time of the proposition to Josiah Thompson. The evidence showed that debts due to the banks in the District of Columbia, and indorsements on notes, existed at the time, which were not paid during his life, and created the great deficiency in his estate, which is not now denied. The proceedings of the plaintiffs in error, were to subject the whole real estate of George King to the payment of his debts, there being a deficiency of personal assets.
The first proceeding by the appellees in their original bill, was to obtain from the heirs of George King, a specific performance of an alleged contract. Their bill was not framed, on the ground that it was a contract for a valuable consideration.
He denied that if there were no creditors of George King unpaid, there was any contract proved which would be sustained by a court of equity, and which was binding on the heirs of George King.
Mr Justice M'LnA delivered the opinion of the Court. This is an appeal from the decree of the circuit court for the District of Columbia. The defendants here, who were the complainants in the circuit court, filed their bill, stating that in the year 1812, they were married, and that the wife of the complainant is the daughter of George King, who at that time lived in Georgetown, and was extensively engaged in a profitable mercantile business. That his credit was high, and complainants believe he was possessed of a large active capital, and in addition had a large real estate, consisting of houses and lots in Georgetown. That it was umversally believed he would have a large surplus property after paying his debts, which would enable him to provide handsomely for his children. That a few days after the marriage, George King proposed to grant to the complainant, Thompson, a house and lot on Cecil alley, in Georgetown, which was very much out of repair and almost untenantable, provided he would repair the same so as to make it a comfortable residence, and that the said King at the same time stated, he intended the property for the wife of the complainant. The complainant accepted the property, and expended upwards of 4000 dollars in making repairs of the house and other

SUPREME COURT.
[King's Heirs and others v. Thompson and Wife.]
improvements on the lot. That he occupied it as a residence about four years, and then removed to the western country. Before his removal, a correspondence took place between him and the said King in relation to the tile, and the complainant made King his agent to collect the rents, &c.
The complainant further states that the said King died intestate, leaving, in addition to the wife of the complainant, certain children who are made defendants, and a decree for a legal title is prayed, or if that cannot be decreed, that the property may stand charged to the amount of the repairs and improvements.
George King died in the year 1820, insolvent. His debts amounted to 36,000 dollars, and his whole estate, both real and personal, when sold, did not pay more than thirty-nine per cent of his just debts. The property claimed by the complainant was sold for 1660 dollars, by a trustee, under a decree of chancery, obtained by the creditors of George King, but the sale has not been ratified.
Raphael Semmes, the trustee of George King's creditors, and Charles King, one of the principal creditors, filed their answers to the bill of the complainant, in which they deny that the improvements were made on the property as set forth in the bill, and insist that George King, at the time of the intended gift, was embarrassed and unable to pay his debts; and they insist that the right set up by the complainants is fraudulent and void as against creditors,
There are some irregularities in the record which it is not material to notice, as these statements show the points to which the evidence applies.
The first inquiry is, whether a contract was made between the complainant and George King for the property in question.
It is insisted, by the complainant's counsel, that the correspondence between the parties, which is contained in the record, establishes the contract.
The first is a letter from George King to the complainant, dated 17th April 1816. In this letter King says, "that in order to remove any suspense in regard to the property on which the complainant then lived, that he held himself bound to give a deed to a trustee, who shall hold it in trust for the complainant and his wife during their lives," &c.

JANUARY TERM 1835.
EKing's Heirs and others v. Thompson and Wife.]
This letter is answered by the complainant, 26th April 1816, in which he declines the terms proposed, and suggests the following.
1. Let the property be valued at the time it was put into his possession, and that he would pay the amount over to King, &c.
2. That the improvements should be estimated, and King, on paying the amonnt, should receive a relinquishment of all the right of the complainant.
3. That a deed should be executed for the property to the wife of the complainant.
On the 29th of April 1816, King replies, "I make no hesitation in complying with ybur first proposal, for it is just what I proposed in my first to you, and I will do it another way, giving you your choice, viz. I willideed the dwelling house and all above it to you, and about twenty feet below it, and then all below that, I will deed to Betsey," the wife of the complainant, "provided she will never deed it, or dispose of it, except by will, which she shall always be at liberty to make, when and how she pleases."
On the 14th of August 1819, King writes to the complainant, "Mr Kennedy has left your house since the first of July last, and I have not been able to get a tenant since. 'Houses are very dull here now; rents have fallen very much," &c.
And on the 23d of March 1831, George King, son it is presumed of George King deceased, writes to complainant, "I am sorry to inform you that Mr Jacob Payne has laid an attachment on your property in Georgetown, &c.," referring to the property in controversy.
This is all the evidence to show a contract, except what might be presumed from the occupancy and improvement of the house and lot.
Specific propositions were made by each party, in regard to the title of the property, but it does not satisfactorily appear that either was finally accepted. The complainant in the first place objects to the conveyance of the property to a trustee, for the benefit of his wife, and he proposes to pay to King the value of the property at the time it was put into his possession, which sum, at the pleasure of the donor might be vested for the benefit of complainant's wife. To this King replies that he
VOL. IX.-2 C

SUPREME COURT.

[King's Heirs and others v. Thompson and Wife.]

has no hesitation in accepting the proposal, but he accom-

panies this acceptance with a proposition to deed the dwelling

house, with a certain parc of the lot, to the complainant, and

the residue of the lot to his wife.

Whether this last proposition, or the one made by the com-

plainant, and assented to by King, formed the contract, is un-

certain, or indeed whether any definite agreement was finally

made.

From the occupancy of the property and the amount of

money expended in improving it, there can be no doubt, that

there was an understanding between the parties, that the pro-

perty, in some manner, should be possessed and owned by the

complainant. The evidence, however, shows that King did

not intend to vest the property absolutely in the complainant,

but that the value of it, before the improvements, should in

some form, be secured to the complainant's wife.

This court are now called on to decree a specific execution

of this contract, and what are its terms ' Shall the title be

vested in fee in the complainant, without condition, or shall a

part of the property be vested in trust for the benefit of his wife I

Or shall the title be vested in the complainant, on his paying

into the hands of trustees, for the benefit of his wife, the value

of the

property

when

he

first

received

1
it'

The evidence does not afford a satisfactory answer to any

one of these inquiries. It is impossible, therefore, for the court

to decree a title as prayed for in the bill, as the evidence fails

to establish the specific terms of the contract.

But it is insisted, that this arrangement or contract, if

proved, was void as against the heirs of King, and especially

as against his creditors, on account of the indebtment of King

at the time and his subsequent insolvency.

Although a contract is not proved with sufficient certainty,

as to its conditions, to authorize a specific execution of it, yet

there can be no doubt there was an agreement between the

parties, which induced the complainant to enter into the pos-

session of the property, and to expend large sums of money

upon it, as if it were his own, and when he left it and re-

moved to the western country, it was rented as his property,

and George King acted as the ageat of the complainant. And

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[King's Heirs and others v. Thompson and Wife.]
the property seems to have been considered, as belonging to the complainant, by the heirs of George King.
Whatever uncertainty may exist, as to the terms of the contract, there can be no question that the complainant acted under it,in taking possession of the property and expending a large sum of money In its improvement.
In no point of view could such a contract be considered voluntary. There was not only a good consideration, that of natural affection, but a valuable one. To constitute a valuable consideration, it is not necessary that money should be paid but if, as in this case, it be expended on the property, on the faith of the contract, it constitutes a valuable consideration.
The debts of George King for the years 1812, 1813 and 1814, amounted to about 13,000 or 14,000 dollars, of which 11,000 dollars were due to the Bank of Columbia. And the average amount of his debts, from 1812 until his death, was about the sum of 13,000 dollars.
In 1812, and for some years afterwards, George King was supposed to be rich. For his house on High street he refused 12,800 dollars. The whole amount of his property was estimated at 60,000 dollars or more. He was indorser on accommodation notes for about 20,000 dollars, at the above period.
At this time the property claimed by the complainant was not worth more than 2000 or 2500 dollars. Its value was increased three or four times this sum by the improvements.
In 1827 it appears, by an exhibit of the debts due by the estate of George King, including interest, that they amounted to the sum of 36,418 dollars and 10 cents. But many of these debts seem to have been contracted subsequent to the time that the property in question was placed in the possession of the complainant. It appears also, the property of which King died possessed, did not pay forty per cent of the debts due by the estate. And that he retained the greater part, if not the whole of his real estate, except the lot claimed by the complainant, until his decease. But it seems from the prices fixed upon this property in 1813, and those for which it was sold, that there must have been a great deterioration in the value of it.
Under the above circumstances, it is insisted by the appellants, that the contract with the complainant, by George King, for the above property, was fraudulent.

SUPREME COURT.
[King's Heirs and others v. Thompson and Wife.]
It has already been observed, that the money expended in the improvement of this property, constituted a valuable consideration. The contract, therefore, if proved, so as to entitle the complainant to a decree for a specific execution, could not be avoided, on the ground that there was no consideration.
At the time this property was received by the complainant, King was supposed to be rich. His property was estimated at 60,000 dollars, his debts did not exceed 13 or 14,000 dollars, and his indorsements were about 20,000 dollars. That his credit stood high is shown by his indorsements, and the standing accommodation given to him in the banks. So high did he stand as a man of property and business, that it was deemed a valuable object to obtain his services as director in one of the Georgetown banks, There seems to have been no diminution of his credit or means for several years after the transaction with the complainant.
In testing the validity of that transaction, the subsequent fall of property or failure of King, cannot be taken into view. The inquiry must be limited to his circumstances at the time. Was King, when this property was received by the complainant, in a failing or embarrassed condition It
It is not shown, that at this time, the persons for whom he was bound as indorser, were unable to pay the respective sums for which he was responsible, and it would be improper to consider these sums as debts due by King. He was responsible for their payment, on certain contingencies; but the fact that his credit remained unimpaired for several years after the contract with the complainant, shows that neither his credit nor the credit of those for whom he was indorser, was considered doubtful.
In this state of facts, he surely was in a condition to dispose of a house and lot, not worth more than 2500 dollars, on the terms stated in the bill.
There appears to have been no fraudulent intent in the case, no disposition to defeat the claims of present creditors, or to cover the property from future demands. It seems to have been a bona fide transaction, and one, which neither a court of law nor of equity could refuse to sanction. And if the terms of the contract were established, so that this court could decree a specific execution of it, they would pronounce such a decree.

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[King's Heirs and others v. Thompson and-Wife.]
But as a specific performance cannot be decreed, the inquiry remains, whether the complainant has a lien on the property for the money he expended in improving it.
The counsel for the appellant do not controvert the right of the complainant to a just remuneration for the valuable improvements he made, but they insist that he must exhibit his claim as a general creditor of the estate of George King, and that from such claim there should be deducted a reasonable rent f6r the time the property was in his possession.
This claim for improvements by the complainant, is founded upon the most equitable considerations. At the instance of George King, his father-in-law, the complainant entered into the possession of this property, and under a full belief that it would be secured to him as his own, he was induced to expend a large sum of money in making permanent and valuable improvements. These improvements, some, of the witnesses say, have increased the value of this property to three times the amount which it was worth before they were made. From this, it appears, the money was not injudiciously expended, and the question, arises whether this expenditure, under the circumstances of this case, does not create a lien upon the property.
If King were living, he could not object to this lien. Can his creditors object to it By enforcing it, can their interests be injuriously affected QZ
It may be said that the deterioration of property in Georgetown, has been such as to reduce the value of this property to a less sum than was expended in making the improvements. This cannot change the principle that must govern the case. If the money has been judiciously expended, under such circumstances as to entitle the complainant to a lien, the court must give effect to itL It is an eqputable mortgage, and in a court of chancery, is as binding on the parties as if a mortgage in form had been duly executed.
Suppose George King, for the purpose of improving this properly, had borrowed from the complainant 4000 dollars, and bad executed-a mortgage on the same property, to secure the payment of the money. Could the creditors of King complain of the lien of the mortgage 'I It is clear they could not. And is it not equally clear, that they have no ground to complain

SUPREME COURT.
[King's Heirs and others v. Thompson and Wife.]
of the equitable mortgageq If there be any difference in the force of the liens thus created, it must be in favour of the equitable lien.
In the first case supposed, the money was loaned at a fixed rate of interest, and the property was looked to as securing the payment. But in the second case, the money was expended under a belief that the property belonged to the individual, and that the amount expended increased so much the value of his estate and, in many cases, a failure to obtain the property, under such circumstances, would cause an injury which a return of the money expended would not repair.
It would be most unjust to leave the complainant, as a creditor, to receive a dividend on the distribution of the estate of King.
Ought the complainant to be held accountable for rents, while he occupied the premises, or which he may have subsequently received from his tenants'z
The rents received by thi complainant after his removal to the west, independent of other facts in the case, go to show that he was not considered as the tenant of King. Indeed there can be no doubt that the complainant considered the property as his own, and it was so treated by George King, for he collected the rents as the agent of the complainant, and accounted to him for them. It would therefore be unjust now to compel hin to pay rents which, with the concurrence of all parties, were paid to him at the time they accrued, as his own.
And, in addition to this, the interest on the money expended, would, perhaps, be equal to the whole amount of the rents.
As the circuit court decreed a conveyance of this property to the complainant, that decree must be reversed, and the cause remanded to that court, with instructions to cause the property to be sold, after due notice, on such terms as they shall deem most advantageous to the estate of George King and the proceeds of the sale, first, to be applied to the payment of the money expended by the complainant in making improvements on the property, and the balance, if any, to be paid over for the benefit of the creditors of the estate of King.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record

JANUARY TERM 1835.

223

[King's Heirs and others v. Thompson and Wife.]
from the circuit court of the United States, for the district of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington, and was argued by counsel, on consideration whereof, it is ordered and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said circuit court in this cause be and the same is hereby reversed, and that this cause be and the same is hereby remanded to the said circuit court for further proceedings to be bad therein, according to law and justice, and in conformity to the opinion of tis court.

JANUARY TERM 1835.
WILLIAMi A. BRADLEY, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR V THE WASH-
INGTON, ALEXANDRIA AND GEORGETOWN STEAM PACKET
COMPANY.
The original writ was issued out of the circuit court of the district of Columbia, dated 2d of December 1831, and was returned "1executed" on the first Mlonday of the same December, the return day of the succeeding term. The defendant appeared by his attorney on the return day, and obtained a rule on the plaintiffs to declare against him. The circuit court, on the trial of the cause, directed the jury to find damages against the defendant, for the hire of a steamboat, for which the action was brought, from the 20th of November 1831 to the 6th of February 1832, whereas the suit was instituted on the 2d of December 1831. These instructions were erroneous, as damages were to be given to a time long posterior to the institution of the action.
ERROR from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Columbia, in the county of Washington.
On the 2d of December 1831, a writ of capias ad respondendum, in case, was sued out of the circuit court, by the Washington, Alexandria and Georgetown Steam Packet Company against William A. Bradley, the plaintiff in error, and on the return day of the writ, the first Monday in December 1831, the defendant appeared, and a rule on the plaintiffs to declare was entered, on the motion of his attorney Further proceedings in the case were, by consent of the parties, continued until the fourth Monday in March 1833, when a declaration on indebitatus assumpsit was filed, on which it was alleged that the defendant, William A. Bradley, was indebted to the plaintiffs on the 7th of February 1832, in the sum of 2765 dollars, for the use and hire of the steamboat Franklin. The defendant pleaded non assumpsit, and the case was tried in November 1833. The jury, under the directions cf the court, gave a verdict for the plaintiffs for 2415 dollars, upon which judgment was entered, and the defendant prosecuted this writ of error. On the trial of the cause, the following bill of exceptions was tendered, and sealed by the court.
"Upon the trial of this cause the plaintiffs, to sustain the issue

SUPREME COURT
[Bradley v. The Steam Packet Company.]
on their part, joined between the parties aforesaid, gave in evidence, and read to the jury, a paper dated 19th November 1831, signed by William A. Bradley, the said defendant, in the words and figures following, viz.
"I agree to hire the steamboat Franklin, until the Sydney is placed on the route, to commence tomorrow, 20th instant, at thirty-five dollars per day, clear of all expenses, other than the wages of Capt. Nevitt. 19th Nov. 1831.
"W A. BRADLEY.
"And the paper purporting to be an acceptance thereof, of the same date, to wit
"Washington City, Nov. 19th, 1831. "On the part of the Washington, Alexandria and Georgetown Steam Packet Company, I agree to the terms offered by William A. Bradley, esquire, for the use of the steamboat Franklin, until the Sydney is placed on the route to Potomac creek, which is thirty-five dollars per day, clear of all expenses, other than the wages of Capt. Nevitt, which are to be paid by our company
"W GUNTON, President.
"And also a paper addressed by said defendant to Pishey Thompson, one of the directors of the Steam Packet Company, and by him communicated to plaintiffs, in the words following, to wit
"Washington, Dec. 5, 1831. "PIsHEY TvoiiipsoN, EsQ.
"Dear Sir I will thank you to advise the President and Directors of the Washington, Alexandria and Georgetown Steam Packet Company, that the navigation of the Potomac being closed by ice, we have this day commenced carrying the mail by land, under our winter arrangement, and have therefore no further occasion for the steamboat Franklin, which is now in Alexandria in charge of Capt. Nevitt.
"The balance due your company, for the use of the Frank-

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Bradley v. The Steam Packet Company.]
lin, under my contract with Doctor Gunton, will be paid on the presentation of a bill and receipt therefor.
"With great respect, "Your obedient servant, "W A. BRADLEY.
"Pisbey Thompson, Esq., Present.
"And the reply thereto from William Gunton, President of the Steam Packet Company, to the defendant, in the words following, to wit
"Washington City, Dec. 6, 1831.
"Sir Your letter of the 5th instant to Mr P Thompson, has been this afternoon submitted to the Board of Directors of the Washington, Alexandria and Georgetown Steam Packet Company, at a meeting holden for the purpose. After mentionmg that the navigation of the Potomac is closed by ice, and that you had commenced carrying the mail by land, under your winter arrangement, you have therein signified that you have no further occasion for the steamboat Franklin, and that she was then in Alexandria in charge of Capt. Nevitt. The agreement entered into by you contains no clause making its continuance to depend on the matters you have designated, but on the contrary an unconditional stipulation to 'hire the Franklin until the Sydney is placed on the route;' and I am instructed to inform you that the board cannot admit your right to terminate the agreement on such grounds, and regard it as being still in full force, and the boat as being in your charge.
"However disposed the board might have been to concut with you in putting an end to the agreement, under the circumstances you have described, if the company had not been already in litigation with you and your colleague, for the recovery of a compensation for the use of the Franklin under another contract, to the strict letter of which a ngid adherence is contended for on your part, notwithstanding it had undergone a verbal modification, the board could not but recollect this, and be influenced thereby.
"Yours, respectfully, "W GuNTON, President.
"William A. Bradley, Esq.

SUPREME COURT
[Bradley v. The Steam Packet Company.]
"And further proved by the testimony of William Chicken, a competent witness, and duly sworn in the cause, that he was employed as engineer by defendant, on board the steamboat Sydney, mentioned in the foregoing papers, that said steamboat was in Baltimore in the month of November 1831, and continued there until the 26th day of January 1832, when she left that port for Washington City, and, after several interrupuons and delays, arrived at Washington on the 6th of February, and was placed on the route to Potomac creek, on the 7th of February 1832, a.nd that said steamboat Sydney belonged to defendant, and that she was not finished so as to be able to start from Baltimore until the 25th of January. And thereupon, the said plaintiffs claim hire of the said steamboat Franklin, from the 20th day of November 1831, to the 6th day of February 1832, seventy-nine days, at 35 dollars per day, allowing credit for 350 dollars as paid thereon, by the said defendants, and leaving a balance of 2415 dollars, after which evidence had been given on the part of plaintiff as aforesaid.
"The defendant, to support the issue on his part above joined, offered to prove, by competent witnesses, that for several years immediately preceding the date of said contract, he had been, and was still, contractor for ,he transportation of the United States mail from Washington to Fredericksburg, that the customary route of said mail was by steamboat, from Washington to Potomac creek, thence by land to Fredericksburg; in which steamboat passengers were also usually transported on said route, that during all that time the defendant had used a steamboat belonging to himself on said route, that he also kept an establishment of horses and stages for the transportation of said mail, all the way by land from Washington to Fredericksburg, at seasons when the navigation of steamboats was stopped by ice, and had been obliged, for a considerable portion of every winter during the time he bad been so employed in the transportation of the mail, to use his said stages and horses for the transportation of the mails, all the way by land to Fredericksburg, in the meantime laying up his steamboat. That just before the date of said contract, the defendant's own steamboat, usually employed as aforesaid on said route, had been disabled, and the defendant was at the time about completing a new steamboat, called the Sydney, which

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Bradley v. The Steam Packet Company.]
had been built at Washington, and sent round to Baltimore for the purpose of being fitted with her engine, and other equipments necessary to complete her for running on said route, and that she lay at Baltimore, in the hands of the workmen there, at the date of said contract. That on the morning of the 5th of December 1831, the navigation between Washington and Potomac creek became obstructed by ice, and the steamboat Franklin, on her way from Potomac creek to Washington, while pursuing the said route under said contract, was stopped at Alexandria by ice, where the mail was taken out of said boat and sent up to Washington by land, and that said steamboat lay at Alexandria frozen up in the harbour, from that time till the 5th of February 1832, that at the same time the navigation of the Potomac became obstructed as aforesaid, the navigation at and from Baltimore became also obstructed from the same cause, and the said steamboat Sydney was also frozen up in the basin at Baltimore, before she had been completely equipped with her engine that at the time she was so frozen up, she wanted nothing to complete her equipment but the insertion of two pipes, a part of her engine, which pipes had been made, but not then put in place, the completing of which would not have required more than two days, and then the boat would have been in complete order for being sent round to 'Washington, and put upon said route, but the ice having interposed, it was deemed by the workmen, and those in charge of the boat, that the insertion of said pipes ought to be postponed till the navigation was clear, that in January 1832, the said pipes were inserted, and the said boat being completely equipped for her voyage, left Baltimore for Washington as soon as the state of the ice made it practicable to attempt that voyage, was again stopped by the ice, and obliged to put in at Annapolis, whence she proceeded to Washington as soon as the ice left it practicable to recommence and accomplish the voyage, and arrived at Washington on the 6th of February 1832, and was the next day placed by defendant on said route, that during the whole of the period from the first stopping of the navigation as aforesaid, until the said 6th of February, the defendant had abandoned th6 said route to Potomac creek, and prosecuted the land route from Washington to Fredericksburg. "That it was known to and understood by plaintiffs, at the

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradley v. Tho Steam Packet Company.] time that the contract In question was made, and was a matter of notoriety, that as soon as the navigation should be closed by ice, the United States mail from.Washington to Fredericksburg would have to be transported all the way by land carriage, instead of being transported by steamboat to Potomac creek, and thence by land to Fredericksburg; and that the said steamboat Franklin would not be required by defendant, and could not be used under said contract when the navigation should be so closed.
"That it was communicated to the plaintiff by defendant or his agent, before the time of making said contract, that defendant intended to keep said steamboat in use under said contract, so long as the navigation remained open, and no longer.
"To the admissibility of which evidence the said plaintiff, by his counsel, objected, and the court refused to permit the same to go to the jury, but at the instance of plaintiffs gave the following instruction, viz.
"That if the jury shall believe, from the evidence aforesaid, that the said defendant did, on the 19th day of November 1831, write to said plaintiff the said paper of that date, bearmg his signature, and that said plaintiff did accept the same by the said paper of the same date, and that said defendant and plaintiff did respectively write to each other the papers bearing date the 5th and 6th of December 1831, and that the said steamboat Sydney did in fact first arrive in the Potomac river, on the 6th of February 1832, and was placed on the route to Potomac creek, mentioned in the said evidence, on the 7th of February 1832, that then the said plaintiff is entitled to recover, under said contract so proved as aforesaid, at the rate of 35 dollars per diem, from the said 20th of November 1831, to the said 6th of February 1832, both inclusive."
The case was argued by Mr Jones, for the plaintiff in error, and by Mr Coxe, for the defendants.
Mr Jones, for the plaintiff in error. The question, whether plaintiff could recover in this action the per diem hire of the boat, accruing after action brought, is not one of variance between the writ and declaration, nor of any other vice either in the writ or declaration, whereof advan-

JANUARY TERM 1835.
EBradley v. The Steam Packet Company.]
tage could be taken by plea in abatement, or any other plea. The date of the contract laid in any money count, is wholly immaterial, and any special plea traversing the date, would be demurrable, as tendering a wholly immaterial issue. The count may assume any date, even a day after its own date, or a date one hundred years before, yet lay no foundation for any plea bringing the date in any manner in issue if one hundred years preceding the suit were assumed, a defendant could not demur as to a claim prima facie barred by limitations.
The plea of ion assumpsit put nothing in issue but the substance of the count-a contract or debt recoverable in this action, no matter of what date the date is a mere question of evidence under the general issue, and that evidence must show a subsisting debt at the time of action brought, no matter when the debt accrued, whether on the day laid in the count or any other.
In this case, then, the plaintiff was let into the broadest proof, under the general issue, of a cause of action substantially conforming with that laid in his count, no matter of what date, so the cause of action accrued and was consummate at the time of action brought. That is the necessary limitation of time understood, indispensable, among the very elements in every action, whether for contract or tort, a consummate cause of action, at the time of action brought and there is no way in which the question can, in an action of assumpslt, be regularly raised in any form of special pleading. If defendant were to plead to the count specially, that the cause of action did not arise till after action brought, it would amount to the general issue, and be demurrable, a fortiori, if he tendered any plea, going to traverse or in anywayput in issue the date of the transaction. Whether a cause of action, substantially-corresponding with that laid in the count, accrued before action brought, is involved in the terms of the general issue.
The specific objection here, is not any defect of form or substance in either writ or declaration, but a manifest error in the final instruction'from the court to the jury, that it was competent for the plaintiff, in an action of assumpsit, to recover on a cause of action accrued after action brought. The objection goes fundamentally to the reach and competency of the particular remedy
VOL. IX.-P

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradley v. The Steam Packet Company.]
Mr Coxe, for the defendants. The point now made was not presented in the court below, had it been, the difficulty would have been removed by evidence which would have shown the understanding of the parties to the suit, both being desirous of a decision on the merits and law of the case. There is nothing in the exception taken in the circuit court, to show when the suit was instituted, and this is only to be known by looking at the writ, on which it is stated that it was issued on the 2d of December 1831. The declaration was filedin 1833, and states this case as it really existed that the defendant was indebted to the plaintiffs on the 7th of February 1832. If there was a valid objection to the declaration, it should have been made in the court below it is now too late. The objection is not maintainable on any grounds. The declaration sets out a good cause of action, the court gave the case to the jury on the declaration, and they pronounced a verdict upon it. Now it is asked to go into the record, and to look at the writ and declaration, for matters not stated in the exception. Before this court, the plaintiff in error is estopped from this, by his exception. If an exception is not taken in the court below, it cannot be made in an appellate court, which will look at nothing but that which was presented to the judges in the circuit court whose decision is brought up by exceptions for revision. 13 Johns. Rep. 576, 2 Sch. and Lef. 712, 1 Wendell 415. After pleading, advantage cannot be taken of a variance between the writ and the declaration. 12 Johns. 434. That which is pleadable can never be made available in error. If pleadable in abatement, it can only be after oyer. Clitty's Pleading. The writ constitutes no part of the record. The case begins with the declaration. 1 Chitty on Pleading 277, 278, 279, Stephens on Pleading 68, 69, Duvall v. Craig, 2 Wheaton 55, 4 Cond. Rep. 45, 11 Wheaton 388. The writ should not have been introduced into the record, it is no part of it. I Chitty 295.
Mr Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion of the Court.
This case depends on the correctness of an instruction given

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Bradley v. The Steam Packet Company.]
by the circuit court to the jury at the trial of the cause, to which instruction the defendant in that court excepted.
The suit was instituted by the Washington, Alexandria and Georgetown Steamboat Company, for the hire of the steamboat Franklin, during the absence of the steamboat Sydney, the parties having disagreed with respect to the time for which the contract was made. After the testimony was concluded, the court instructed the jury, that if they "shall believe, from the evidence aforesaid, that the said defendant did, on the 29th day of November 1831, write to the said plaintiff the said paper
of that date, bearing his signature, and that the said plaintiff did accept the same by the said paper of the same date, and that the said defendant and plaintiff did respectively write to each other the papers bearing date the 5th and 6th of December 1831, and that the said steamboat Sydney did in fact first arrive in the Potomac river, on the 6th of February 1832, and was placed on the route to Potomac creek, mentioned in the said evidence, on the 7th of February 1832, that then the said plaintiff is entitled to recover, under said contract so proved as aforesaid, at the rate of 35 dollars per diem, from the said 20th of November 1831, to the said 6th of February 1832, both inclusive." The defendant excepted to this instruction, and has sued forth a writ of error to the judgment, which was rendered on the verdict of the jury.
The original writ appears in the record, and bears date the 2d day of December 1831. It was returned executed on the first Monday in December, that being the first day of the succeeding term, the day to which it was made returnable. The following entry was made on that day "and the said William A. Bradley, being called, appears in court here, by Joseph H. Bradley, his attorney, and thereupon the said William A. Bradley, by his said attorney, prays, that the plaintiffs may declare against him, the said defendant, in the plea aforesaid, whereupon it is ruled by the court here, that the said plaintiffs declare," &c.
One objection taken by the plaintiff in error to the instruction given by the circuit court is, that they directed the jury to find damages for the hire of the steamboat Franklin, from the 20th of November 1831 to the 6th of February 1832, whereas the suit was instituted on the 2d of December 1831.

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradley v. The Steam Packet Company.]
The counsel for the defendant does not contend that the hire of the Franklin could be estimated or damages given to any time posterior to the institution of the suit, but he insists that the writ is only intended to bring the party into court, and unless spread on the record by pleading, is no part of it.
Without entering into this inquiry, it is to be observed in the present case, that the defendant appeared in the circuit court in December 1831, and gave a rule to declare. These facts are entered on the record and must be noticed. This court, therefore, cannot fail to perceive that the jury was instructed to give damages to a time long posterior to the institution of the suit.
The judgment is reversed and the cause remanded, with directions to award a venire facias de novo.
This cause came on to be beard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington, and was argued by counsel, on consideration whereof, it is adjudged and ordered by this court, that the judgment of the said circuit court in this cause 'be., and the same is hereby reversed, and that this cause be, and the same is hereby remanded to the said circuit court, with directions to award a venire facias de novo.

SUPREME COURT.
THE BANK OF GEORGIA, APPELLANTS V. JAMES HIGGINBOTTOM, ADMINISTRATOR OF WILLIAM S. GILLETT, AND OTHERS.
South Carolina. G. the executor of his father, who had devised his estate to G. and his other children, sold the estate and became himself the purchaser of it; and in order to secure the portions of the other devisees, who were minors, confessed a judgment, June 1, 1819, on a promissory note, in favour of two persons, without their knowledgein a sum supposed to be sufficient to be a full security for the amount ofthe portions of the minors. The judgment was kept in full operation, by executions regularly issued upon it, so as, under the laws of South Carolina, to bind the property of G. He was then engaged in mercantile pursuits, and had other property than that so purchased by him. G. afterwards became insolvent, and the claims of the devisees of his father, under the judgment, were contested by his creditors, as fraudulent, the plaintiffs, in the judgment, having no knowledge of it when it was confessed, the amount of the sum due to the co-devisees not having been ascertained when it was confessed, no declaration of trust having been executed by the plaintiffs, and false representations of his situation having been made by G. after the judgment, whereby his creditors were induced to give him time on a judgment confessed to them subsequently.
The judgment of June 1, 1819 was held to be valid, and the plaintiffs in that judgment entitled to the proceeds of the sales of the estate of G., for the satisfaction of the amount actually due to the co-devisees by G.
APPEAL from the circuit court of the United States for the district of South Carolina.
The appellants, on the 4th of April 1827, filed their bill in the circuit court of the United States, for the district of South Carolina. to set aside a judgment, or postpone the effect of the same, which had been confessed by William S. Gillett, in the Barnwell district court of the state of South Carolina, for the sum of 30,000 dollars.
The judgment was founded on a promissory note drawn by William S. Gillett, in favour of James Higginbottom and William Provost, for 30,000 dollars, dated the 1st of June 1819, and payable on demand. The judgment was confessed on the 1st of June, as of the fourth Monday of March 1819. William S. Gillett was the acting executor of the last will and testament of his father, Doctor Elijah Gillett, by which a specific portion of the estate was devised to him, and other parts of the estate

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Bank of Georgia v. Higginbottom.]
were given to the children of the testator. By the terms of the will, the executors had power to sell such part of the estate devised, as it might be beneficial or expedient so to dispose of. William S. Gillett was also, at the time of the confession of the judgment, the guardian of his infant brothers and sisters, the devisees of his father of all the estate not specially devised to him.
In December 1818, the personal estate of the testator, Elijah Gillett, was appraised at 56,474 dollars, and on the 22d day of March, William S. Gillett, after having selected or taken by lot a portion of the estate to which he considered himself entitled, sold, at public auction, a large number of the negroes, and all the personal estate of the testator. The proceeds of the sale exceeded 40,000 dollars, and William S. Gillett was the principal purchaser at the sale.
The judgment for 30,000 dollars was confessed for the use and benefit of the younger children of Elijah Gillett, the testator, all at that time minors, was for about the sum which was supposed to be in the hands of their guardian after the sale, and was alleged to have been given in trust to the said Higginbottom and Provost, to secure to them their interest in the estate of their father.
At the time of the confession of this judgment, of the 1st day of June 1819, William S. Gillett was largely indebted to the complainants, and concerned in a mercantile house in Savannah, the affairs of which, a witness stated, he did not seem to consider very prosperous: he did not represent the house to be bankrupt or likely to become so; but, on the contrary, le then and long afterwards, appeared confident that the affairs of the house would wind up satisfactorily.
On the 21st of October 1821, William S. Gillett confessed a judgment in the circuit court of the United States for the South Carolina circuit, for the sum of '7849 dollars, in favour of the Bank of Georgia, under an agreement that time should be given to pay the amount thereof, viz. one, two, three and four years.
The bill states, that the debt due on that judgment being unpaid, the complainants, to have satisfaction thereof, lately sued out a fieri facias against William S. Gillett on it, under which a sufficient sum was made to pay the debt due on the
VOL. IX.-G

SUPREME COURT
[Bank of Georgia v. Higginbottom.]
same, but the proceeds of the said execution are claimed under the judgment in favour of Higginbottom and Provost, for the payment and satisfaction of the same. The bill prays for general relief, &c.
It appeared in evidence, that on the 12th day of April 1825, James Higginbottom and William Provost, the plaintiffs in the
judgment of June 1, 1819, at the request of Robert, Isaac and Villiam Scarborough, who had been named as co-executors of the will of Doctor Gillett, assigned over, under their respective hands and seals, to them the judgment of June 1, 1819, to the use and benefit of the testator's younger children, for the purpose of securng and assuring to them respectively, their interest in the testator's estate.
In answer to an interrogatory propounded to him on behalf of the complainants, the counsel who prepared the confession of the judgment of June 1, 1819, stated, "the judgment confessed by William S. Gillett to Higginbottom and Provost was prepared by me as a security for the parts or portions of the younger children of Doctor Elijah Gillett deceased, of the estate of then father, and I think that at the time, I wrote or sketched off a draft of a declaration of the trust upon which the judgment was given, to be signed by Higginbottom and Provost, neither of whom were present. I do not recollect to have seen this paper after it was executed, although I may have seen it. Indeed I always believed that I bad seen it till I came to tax my recollection for the purpose of answering this interrogatory. My impression has always been that such a paper was executed, and I have now no doubt but that it was. I recollect perfectly that Gillett expressed a determination not to confess the judgment, unless a declaration of its object was signed by the nominal plaintiffs."
The plaintiffs in the judgment of the 1st of June 1819, issued a fieri facias to October term 1819, of the Barnwell district court, which was entered in the-sheriff's office, on the 19th of July 1819, an alias fien facias was lodged in the sheriff's office, on the 3d of February 1824, and a pluries fieri facias was "lodged to bind," in the sheriff's office, on the 31st of December 1824.
The accounts of William S. Gillett, as the executor of his father, were audited, and a balance found due by him to the estate, including interest to July 11, 1831, of 48,961 dollars and

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Bank of Georgia v. Higginbottom.)
92 cents. After appropriating to the payment of the balance due by the executor on the judgment to Higginbottom and Provost, all the proceeds of the sales under the judgment of the Bank of Georgia, there would be a deficit, to make up the amount due by William S. Gillett to his co-devisees and legatees, of 14,138 dollars 66 cents.
On the 25th of June 1825, the circuit court, by a decree, held that the declaration of trust contained in the assignment of the judgment of the 1st of June 1819, executed by Higginbottom and Provost, under which the minor children of Doctor Elijah Gillett claimed precedence, "was a sufficient declaration in wnting; and that a regard to the interests of -the minors, sanctioned the court in sustaining the judgment for any amount that should be justly due to them." Afterwards, on the 22d of July 1832, the circuit court gave a decree in favour of the defendants in that court, and the complainants entered this appeal.
The case was argued by Mr Key, for the appellants, and by Mr Preston, for the appellees.
By Mr Key, for the appellants, it was contended, that the evidence in the case shows that the judgment in favour of Higgmnbottom and Provost, was confessed on a promissory note for 30,000 dollars-that that notewasgiven onnoconsideration, and was never delivered, but was only signed by Gillett as a foundation for the judgment-that. neither of the parties, the payees of the note and the plaintiffs in the judgment, nor the cestuique trusts, knew of the note or judgment, or assented to it, till several years afterwards-and that there was no written declaration of the trust connected in any manner with said note or judgment-that nothing was due from said Gillet, at that time, to his brothers and sisters, and that he was then largely indebted to complainants.
The appellants claim a reversal of the decree of the court below, on the following grounds
1. That the promissory note, on which the judgment was confessed is without consideration, and the judgment founded upon it, being a voluntary judgment, must be declared void, or postponed to the demands of bona fide creditors.

SUPREME COURT.
[Bank of Georgia v. Higginbottom.]
2. That if a judgment may be taken to cover a future debt, the intent should appear on the face of the proceedings; or at all events be evidenced by contemporary written declarations, in a solemn and authentic manner. But in this case, the judgment is assumed as a security for a debt to third persons not named in the proceedings, growing out of transactions foreign from any allegations in the pleadings, and unconnected with the purposes for which it is now used, except by parol evidence.
3. That the sanction of such a security for confidential and favourite creditors will be attended with great inconvenience, by putting it in the power of the debtor and irresponsible persons owing no duty to the supposed cestuique trusts, to make the judgment good or bad, and more or less, at their pleasure, to introduce all the mischief of secret liens to the injury of bona fide creditors, and to corrupt the character, and destroy the certainty of judicial records.
The facts in this case show a judgment creditor in 1825, with an execution (his judgment in South Carolina obtained in 1821), stopped by the claim of another creditor with a judgment in 1819.
He cannot be thus stopped. 1 Because the plaintiffs in the prior judgment had lost their priority by laches. They never proceeded with their judgment farther than to issue executions (fieri facias's), and leave them in the sheriff's office "to bind." For this he cited, Roberts on Fraud. Con. 198, 199, 200-205, 571, 572, 11 Johns. Rep. 110, 17 Johns. Rep. 274. It is thus if the judgment of 1819 was fair. 2. But it was not fair because it was intended to benefit the defendant in the judgment, by keeping his property in his possession protected by this lien. This object for the confession of the judgment is shown in Patterson's deposition. 3. Again, the judgment is fraudulent, because there was nothing due to the plaintiffs. The judgment, and the note on which it was founded, it is admitted, were for account of no debt due to plaintiffs, but for some trust to others. The judgment is absolute. No condition, no release, no such trust can be listened to. It must appear on the record of

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Bank of Georgia v. Higginbottom.]
the judgment, and can be shown no where else. Parol evidence is inadmissible to show an absolute judgment to be a conditional one, except (which is not pretended here) in a case where there was a mistake or a fraud.
4. Again, it cannot be shown, because the security, whatever it be-a judgment or deed-must contain within itself the terms and conditions of the transfer, and a possession corresponding therewith. This is the doctrine of Hamilton v. Russell, 1 Cranch 309, 1 Cond. Rep. 318, though doubted in 3 Cowen. United States v. Hooe, 3 Cranch 73, 1 Cond. Rep. 458.
Here there is neither. The trust is attempted to be shown by parol evidence not connected with the instrument of transfer, and the possession of the property ought to have been divested by an execution levied. Conard v. The Atlantic Insurance Company, 1 Peters 386.
5. But it could be shown elsewhere, here it is shown nowhere. There was never any written declaration of this trust. That adopted as such by the court below, is not such, it is a mere assignment of the judgment. And again, it was secret, and kept in the plaintiff's pocket.
6. But take it as a sufficient declaration, and this trust is found to have all the marks of fraud in Twine's case, and collected in page 42 of Hammond's Chancery Digest.
It is secret, it is for all the debtor's property, it is for future debts, and'the purpose is concealed by an absolute judgment to other persons, for a different consideration. The possession, use and expenditure of the property is left in the defendant, by never levying executions. It was made without application of the pretended creditor, and without his knowledge, and is for all his property, when less than half would have been sufficient.
Mr Preston, for the appellees, stated, that the question before the court was, as to the priority of lien of two judgments. If in the judgment there were any technical defects, the party who could show such defects might avail himself of them in a court of law.
There can be no doubt, but that if the judgment of June 1st, 1819, in favour of Higginbottoin and Provost can enure to the benefit of those for whom it was confessed, the legatees of

SUPREME COURT.
[Bank of Georgia v. Higginbottom.]
Doctor Gillet, it will be supported. The court will look at the equities of the parties; and if one is higher than, or even equal to the other, the priority of the first judgment will be suffered to
prevail. It must be remarked by the court, that if the exceptions
taken to the first judgment will apply; they are equally, if not more applicable to the second. The second judgment was confessed in 1821, and no proceedings took place upon it until 1827 This was two years after the time given on it had expired, and six years after it had been rendered. There is no evidence of any declaration in writing, that this judgment was given on a trust to secure the bank for a debt, the whole of which was not due, and for the payment of which the plaintiffs had given time, and yet the complainants seek to impugn the prior judgment, upon principles which will operate more forceably against their own. While the whole amount of the judgment for 30,000 dollars was actually due at the time it was confessed the notes of the defendant in the judgment, in favour of the complainants, were running in the bank, and changes were made in them by substituting other parties to them.
Supposing the judgment on which the appellants rely to be good, how does that under which the appellees claim the fund in controversy stand ' A bona fide debt is shown to be due to them, and thus there was avaluable consideration for the judgment, and it was also a bona fide consideration. The devisees of Doctor Gillett were the bona fide plaintiffs in the judgment, and nothing of a character to affect the integrity of the proceeding is alleged against them or the trustees.
The record shows that the sales of Doctor Gillett's property were made by the executor, who was also guardian of the minor co-devisees, and that thereby the debt from him tothem was incurred. The minors were entitled to have the amount due to them secured, and this could best be done by a judgment, known to be for the purpose of security. By the laws of South Carolina, executors do not give security, and this made the proceeding which was adopted yet more proper, necessary and obligatory.
It is said that Higginbottom and Provost had no interest in

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Bank of Georgia v. Higginbottomn.]
the fund intended to be secured, and that, therefore, the confession of the judgment was a fraud, and a nullity. The parties are in a court of equity, and the court will make the plaintiffs trustees for the minors, and if necessary, will compel them to act for them.
It has been argued on the part of the appellants, that although the judgment may have been valid when confessed, the security it gave has been lost by the laches of the parties to it.
A practical evidence of the law of South Carolina, as to the effect ofjudgments, is afforded by the conduct of the appellants. They wait six years before they proceed on their judgment.
The most usual practice in South Carolina in securing debts is by judgment. This course of proceeding has been recognized for thirty years, in that state, by the judicial tribunals there, as well for prospective as for existing debts. This has been established by the uniform decisions of the courts of the state. Cited, Greenwood v. Naylor, I M'Cord's Rep. 414decided in 1820, 1 Bay's Rep. 295, 3 Dessaus. Rep. 543, 4 M'Cord 336.
An execution binds until length of time furnishes presumption of satisfaction. Even a dormant execution is a perpetual lien. This is too well established by the courts of South Carolina, to be brought into doubt. The State v. Laval,4 M'Cord's Rep. 342. In the case before the court, the executions have been regularly kept in operation.
It is said that this case is like an absolute deed of assignment, without possession being given of the property assigned.
That there was a secret trust, and this invalidates the judg. ment.
It is a radical error to suppose there is no difference between an absolute deed, and an absolute judgment. Judgments are always absolute, yet they convey no right of property, but only give a lien, which is carried into beneficial action by an execution. Judgments give a right to sell the property of the defendant, but not possession of the defendant's property.
The possession of the property of the defendant by him, is not adverse to the plaintiff's right to proceed against it. The right of possession is necessarily in the defendant until a levy; and then the question of possession is between him and the sheriff, not the plaintiff in the execution.

SUPREME COURT.
[Bank of Georgia v. Higginbottom.)
The lodging an exedution with the sheriff "to bind," is notice to all the world that the lien of the judgment is asserted.
The doctrine of the appellant's counsel does not apply to a case of this kind, and the cases in 1 Cranch 315, 3 Cranch 88, when examined, do not sustain the claims made upon them. So too as to the case in 9 Johns. 337.
The operation of a judgment is not to prevent delay, for the plaintiff in any other judgment may proceed when he pleases and sell the property of the defendant, and take the surplus after satisfying the prior judgment.
It is said there was a secret trust, and that there should have been a declaration m writing to show the purposes of the judgment.
In the case before the court, there was a valid purpose to be effected by the judgment in favour of Higginbottom and Provost, and their names were used to give it full operation. There is no just imputation that there was a secret trust for the defendant, nor was there any necessity for a declaration in writing, if one was not given at the time the judgment was confessed, which may be inferred from the evidence. If there had been an understanding that the property should remain with the plaintiffs for a particular time, a written declaration to this effect might have been necessary. But this was not so, and all the objects of the parties were accomplished by lodging the execution with the sheriff, "to bind."
In South Carolina there has been established by the judicial decisions of the courts, an equity, which fully operates in this case. Where a party as a member of a family is called on to account, a lien is held to exist on all the property of a testator in his hands, for the amount due to those interested in his trust.
It has been established by the evidence, that Higginbottom and Provost were trustees for the minors, that the minors are creditors for a bona fide and valuable consideration, and if so, they are the oldest bona fide lien creditors, and as such this court will protect them.
Mr Justice M'LEN delivered the opimon of the Court. This is an appeal from the decree of the circuit court for the district of South Carolina. In their bill the complainants ask the court to set aside or

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Bank of Georgia v. Higginbottom.j
postpone a judgment for 30,000 dollars, confessed by Gillett in favour of Higginbottom and Provost, on the ground of fraud, and that certain moneys made by execution on a judgment subsequently obtained by the complainants, be directed to be paid over in satisfaction of such judgment.
The judgment for 30,000 dollars was confessed in 1819, on which executions were regularly issued from time to time and entered in the clerk's office, so as, under the laws of South Carolina, to bind the property of the defendant.
The appellant insists that this judgment, which was held to be valid by the circuit court, should be set aside, because the promissory note on which the judgment was confessed, was given without consideration, and that the judgment must consequently be declared void, or postponed to the demands of bona fide creditors.
From the facts of the case it appears that William S. Gillett was the acting executor of the estate of his father, and that under the will he sold the property and became the purchaser of it, to a much larger amount than the sum for which judgment was confessed. He was then engaged in mercantile business, and had other property than that which he purchased at this sale, and the judgment was confessed to secure the payment of the purchase money to the brothers and sisters of the defendant, who were the devisees in the will.
This sale having been made by a trustee to himself, must have been set aside and annulled on the application of the cestui que trust, but no such application being made, it cannot be treated as a nullity, as it regards strangers to the transaction.
The appellants insist that the plaintiffs in the judgment bad no knowledge of it at the time it was entered, that the amount to which the devisees were entitled had not been ascertained, that false representations were made by Gillett, subsequent to this judgment, as to the extent of his property, through which the complainants were induced to give time on the judgment entered in their behalf, and that these facts are evidence of fraud.
The evidence does not show that at the time the judgment was confessed, Higginbottom and Provost had any knowledge of it, but this is not deemed material, as they subsequently recognzed the trust and acted under it. Nor is it essential to
VOL. IX-1H

SUPREME COURT
[Bank of Georgia v. Higginbottom.]
the validity of the judgment, that the distributive shares of the devisees should have been ascertained, provided they exceed in amount the sum for which judgment was entered. And this appears to be the fact, from a final adjustment of the exe-
cutor's account. The false representations by Gillett, respecting the extent of
his property, if true, as charged by the complainants, could not affect the previous judgment, if entered in good faith. But, connected with other facts, they may go to show, in its true light, the conduct of the defendant. If he represented his property as wholly unincumbered, after the judgment for 20,000 dollars had been confessed, it would show a design on his part, to practise a fraud on the complainants, and might cast a suspicion over the first judgment. But these representations are not proved, as alleged in the bill. They were not, as made by the defendant, so incompatible with the facts of the case, as not to be accounted for by a somewhat partial estimate of the value of his property, free from motives of fraud. The defendant subsequently became a bankrupt, but this was produced by various occurrences stated in his answer, which were not and could not be foreseen.
Shortly after the purchase, it appears the defendant was solicitous to secure the devisees, and he consulted counsel as to the best mode of effectuating this object. A mortgage was at first suggested, but afterwards a judgment was deemed preferable. This mode, it seems, is frequently adopted in South Carolina, to secure the payment of money A judgment being entered, it is only necessary to issue an execution from term to term, which may remain in the clerk's office, to create and continue a lien on the personal property of the defendant.
As a matter of form, a note was executed by the defendant for 30,000 dollars, and this was made the foundation of the judgment. Was this note given without consideration q The defendant had purchased the property of the infant devisees, to a greater amount than that for which the note was executed. And was not the executor bound by every consideration arising from the agency he exercised, and the relation in which he stood to the devisees, to secure for their benefit the purchase money 2
They were infants, and consequently incapable of protecting

JANUARY TERM 1835.
(Bank of Georgia v. Higginbottom.]
their own interests. The defendant was enriched by the purchase of their property, to a greater amount than the 30,000 dollars. And if by the conditions of the sale, time was to be given for the payment of the money, that circumstance does not make either the note or the judgment fraudulent. The judgment was intended to operate as a security for the payment of the money, and the defendant was bound in good faith to give this security Had he failed in this respect, he would have been guilty of a most aggravated fraud, against his infant brothers and sisters, whose property had been placed at his disposal.
But the appellants contend, if a judgment may be taken to cover a future debt, the intent should appear on the face of the proceedings, or at all events, be evidenced by a contemporary written declaration. That in this case, the judgment is assumed as a security for a debt to third persons not named in the proceedings, and whose interest in the judgment can only be proved by parol evidence.
No written declaration of the trust, made at the time judgment was entered, is in evidence, but the counsel who procured the judgment swears that at the same time, he thinks he wrote or sketched off, a draft of a declaration of the trust, upon which the judgment was given, to be signed by Higgin-, bottom and Provost, and his impression has always been that such a paper was executed, that in taking the judgment, he acted for the children of Doctor Gillett, and thatWilliam S. Gillett, the defendant, expressed apprehensions that the judgment, at some future period, might be used to his injury and contrary to his intention, and to obviate that difficulty, it was concluded that a declaration of the trusts upon which it was given, should be signed by Higginbottom and Provost.
From this evidence, it is extremely probable that a declaration of trust was executed at the time of the judgment, or shortly afterwards, but whether this was done or not, the trust is clearly established by the evidence, and the transaction is not impeachable uinder the statute of frauds.
If, as contended by the appellants, the judgment was confessed by the appellee with a view of covering his property from his creditors, it would have been fraudulent. And if he had expressed to no one the object of the trust, the confession

SUPREME COURT.
[Bank of Georgia v. Higginbottom.]
of a judgment for so large a sum, to persons who had no claim against him, would be evidence of fraud. But there are no facts or circumstances connected with the entry of the judgment, which cast a suspicion of a fraudulent intent by the defendant.
It is insisted that this judgmenE is void, as it gave a preference to certain creditors and tended to delay others.
There was no unjust or illegal preference in the case, and it is not seen how creditors were delayed by the judgment. It did not prevent any creditor from bringing suit and obtaining judgment and execution. This was done by the appellants, and a large sum of money was made on their execution, by a sale of the defendant's property. This proceeding was in no respect embarrassed by the previous judgment for the benefit of the infant devisees of Doctor Gillett. But that judgment having been kept in force by the issuing of executions from term to term, the money made under the junior judgment must be applied in discharge of the prior lien. There is no injustice or hardship in this. After the first judgment shall be paid, any money collected from the defendant, by execution, would of course be paid on the judgment of the appellants.
But the counsel of the appellants contend, that the continued possession by the defendant of the property, on which the executions under the first judgment operated as a lien, is conclusive evidence of fraud. And a number of authorities are cited to show that where an absolute bill of sale of property is made, and the possession does not accompany the deed, but remains with the vendor, the transfer is not only voidable, but is absolutely void.
The authorities referred to, seem to have no direct application to the case under consideration. The judgment does not purport to transfer the property of the defendant, nor was it intended to produce this effect. Connected with the executions which were issued, a lien was created, and this was not only the fair and legal effect of the proceeding, but the one which the parties to the transaction intended to secure.
The possession of the property by the defendant was perfectly consistent with the judgment, and affords no evidence of fraud. It was like every other case of judgment and execution, which bind the real and personal property of the defend-

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Bank of Georgia v. Higginbottom.]
ant, though in his possession. By the laws of South Carolina, this lien may be continued for any time, not exceeding twenty years.
No one could have been misled by this judgment. It was entered on the public record of the district, and the executions which were issued on it, were duly noted on the clerk's docket, and these constituted the lien under the usages of South Carolina. It was therefore unnecessary to express on the record or in any other manner, what the effect of these proceedings would be.
But it is contended that the lien set up under these proceedings, cannot be sustained, as it covered the entire property of the defendant, and that this must be considered evidence of fraud.
The lien, it is true, extended to the entire property of the defendant, within the state of South Carolina, but it could at any time be discharged by the payment of the judgment. This lien, therefore, neither withdraws the property of the defendant -from the reach of his creditors, nor delays the legal enforcement of their claims.
The circuit court, with the consent of parties, directed the sale of the entire property of the defendant, and as the proceed of this sale fall many thousand dollars below the judgment, and a still greater sum below the amount the executor owes the devisees, it cannot be necessary to examine some of the principles settled by the circuit court preparatory to a final decree. We think the application made of the money arising from the sale, by the final decree of the court below, was right, and it is affirmed. The bill of the complainants must therefore be dismissed with costs.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the district of South Carolina, and was argued by counsel, on consideration whereof, it is ordered, adjudged and decreed, by this court that the decree of the said circuit court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed with costs.

JANUARY TERM 1835.

711

COLIN MITCHEL, ROBERT MITCHEL, IN HIS OWN RIGHT, AND
AS ASSIGNEE OF THE ESTATE AND EFFECTS OF THE MERCAN-
TILE HOUSE HERETOFORE TRADING UNDER THE FIRM OF
CARNOCHAN AND MITCHEL, AND AS TRUSTEE OF THE CRE-
DITORS OF SAID FIRM, AND ALSO OF RICHARD CARNOCHAN,
WILLIAM CALDER, BENJAMIN MARSHALL, BENJAMIN W
ROGERS, JOHN P WILLIAMSON, THE HEIRS AND LEGAL
REPRESENTATIVES OF JOHN M'NISH DECEASED, AND JAIES
INNERARITY, APPELLANTS V THE UNITED STATES.
A claim to lands in east Florida, the title to which was derived from grants by the Creek and Seminole Indians, ratified by the local authorities of Spain before the cession of Florida by Spain to the United States; confirmed.
It was objected to the title claimed in this case, which had been presented to the superior court of middle Florida, under the provisions of the acts of congress for the settlement of land claims in Florida, that the grantees did not acquire, under the Indian grants, a legal title to the land. Held, that the acts ofcongress submit these claims to the adjudication of this court as a court of equity; and those acts, as often and uniformly construed in its repeated decisions, confer the same jurisdiction over imperfect, inchoate and inceptive titles, as legal and perfect ones, and require the court to decide by the same rules on all claims submitted to it, whether legal or equitable.
By the law of nations, the inhabitants, citizens, or subjects of a conquered or ceded country, territory, or province, retain all the rights of property which have not been taken from them by the orders of the conqueror; and this is the rule by which we must test its efficacy according to the act of congress, which we must consider as of binding authority.
A treaty of cession is a deed or grant by one sovereign to another, which transferred nothing to which he had no right of property; and only such right as he owned, and could convey to the grantee. By the treaty with Spain, the United States acquired no lands in Florida to which any person had lawfully obtained such a right, by a perfect or inchoate title, that this court could consider it aspropertyunder the second article, or which had, according to the stipulations of the eighth article of the treaty, been granted by the lawful authorities of the king. which words grants or concessions were to be construed in their broadest sense, so as to comprehend all lawful acts which operated to transfer a right of property, perfect or imperfect.
The effect of the clauses of the confirmation of grants made was, that they confirmed them presently on the ratification of the treaty, to those in possessZon of the lands; which was declared to be that legal seism and possession which follows title, is co-extensive with the right, and continues till it is ousted by an actual adverse possession, as contradistinguished from residence and occupation.

712

SUPREME COURT

[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
The United States, by accepting the cession under tilteerms of the eighth article, and the ratification by the king, with an exception of the three annulled grants to Allegon, Punon Rostro, and Vargas, can make no other exceptions of grants made by the lawful authorities of the king.
The meaning of the words lawful authoritiesin the eighth article, or competent authorities in the ratification, must be taken to be " by those persons who exercised the granting power by the authority of the crown." The eighth article expressly recognizes the existence of these lawful authorities in the ceded territories, designating the governor or intendant, as the case might be, as invested with such authority- which is to be deemed competent till the contrary is made to appear.
By "1the laws of Spain" is to be understood the will of the king expressed in his orders, or by his authority, evidenced. by the acts themselves; or by such usage and customs in the province as may be presumed to have emanated from the king, or to have been sanctioned by him, as existing authorized local laws.
In addition to the established principles heretofore laid down by this court as the legal effect of an usage or custom, there is one which is peculiarly appropriate to this case. The act of congress giviig jurisdiction to this court to adjudicate on these causes, contains this clause in reference to grants, &c., "1which was protected and secured by the treaty, and which might have been perfected into a complete title, under and in conformity to the laws, usages and customs of the government under which the same originated." This is an express recognition of any known and established usage or custom in the Spanish provinces, in relation to the grants of land, and the title thereto, which brings them within a well established rule of law - that a custom or usage saved and preserved by a statute has the force of an express statute, and shall control all affirmative statutes in opposition, though it must yield to the authority of negative ones, which forbid an act authorized by a custom or usage thus saved and protected, and this is the rule by which its efficacy must be tested, according to the act of congress, which must be considered of binding authority
In the case of The United States v. Arredondo, 6 Peters 691, the lands granted had been in the possession and occupation of the Allachua Indians, and the centre of the tract was an Indian town of that name. But the land had been abandoned, and before any grant was made by the intendant, a report was made by the attorney and surveyor general on a reference to them, finding the fact of abandonment, on which it was decreed that the lands had reverted to and become annexed to the royal domain.
By the common ]Lw, the king has no right of entry on lands which is not common to his subjects; the king is put to his inquest of office, or information of intrusion, in all cases where a subject is put to his action, their right is the same, though the king has more convenient remedies in enforcing his. If the king has no original right of possession to lands, he
cannot acquire it without office, joined so as to annex it to his domain. The United States have acted on the same principle in the various laws
which congress have passed in relation to private claims to lands in the Floridas; they have not undertaken to decide for themselves, on the validity of such claims; without the previous action of some tribunal, special or judicial. They have not authorized an entry to be made on the possession -zf any person in possession, by colour of a Spamsh grant or title, nor the

JANUARY TERM 1835.

713

[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
sale of any lands as part of the national domain, with any intention to impair private rights. The laws which give jurisdiction to the district courts of the territories to decide in the first instance, and to this on appeal, prescribe the mode by which lands which have been possessed or claimed to have been granted pursuant to the laws of Spain, shall become a part of the national domain; which, as declared in the seventh section of the act of 1824, is a " final decision against any claimant pursuant to any of the provisions of the law." One uniform rule seems to have prevailed in the British provinces in America by which Indian lands were held and sold, from their first settlement, as appears by their laws-that friendly Indians were protected in the possession of the lands they occupied, and were considered as owning them by a perpetual right of possession in the tribe or nation inhabiting them, as their common property, from generation to generation, not as the right of the individuals located on particular spots. Subject to this right of possession, the ultimate fee was in the crown and its grantees; which could be granted by the crown or colonial legislatures while the lands remained in possession of the Indians; though possession could not be taken without their
consent.
Individuals could not purchase -Indian lands without permission or license from the crown, colonial governors, or according to the rules prescribed by colonial laws; but such purchases were valid with such license, or in conformity with the local laws, and by this union of the perpetual right of occupancy with the ultimate fee, which passed from the crown by the license, the title of the purchaser became complete.
Indian possession or occupation was considered with reference to their habits and modes of life; their hunting grounds were as much in their actual possession as the cleared fields of the whites; and their rights to its exclusive enjoyment in their own way and for their own purposes were as much respected, until they abandoned them, made a cession to the government, or an authorized sale to individuals. In either case their rights became extinct, the lands could be granted disencumbered of the right of occupancy, or enjoyed in full dominion by the purchases from the Indians. Such was the tenure of Indian lands by the laws of Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, New Hampshire, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Georgia.
Grants made by the Indians at public councils, since the treaty at Fort Stanwick's, have been made directly to the purchasers or to the state in which the land lies, in trust for them, or with directions to convey to them, of which there are many instances of large tracts so sold and held, especially in New York.
It was an universal rule, that purchases made at Indian treaties, in the presence and with the approbation of the officer under whose direction they were held by the authority of the crown, gave a valid title to the lands: it prevailed under the laws of the states after the revolution, and yet continues in those where the right to the ultimate fee is owned by the states or their grantees. It has been adopted by the United States, and purchases made at treaties held by their authority have been always held good by the rati-
fication of the treaty, without any patent to the purchasers from the United States. This rule in the colonies was founded on a settled rule of the law of England, that by his prerogative the king was the universal occupant of
VOL. IX-4 P

SUPREME COURT.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
all vacant lands in his dominions, and had the right to grant them at his pleasure, or by his authorized officers. When the Uaited States acquired and took possession of the Floridas, the treaties which had been made with the Indian tribes before the acquisition of the territory by Spain and Great Britain, remained in force over all the ceded territory as the laws which regulated the relations with all the Indians who were parties to them, and were binding on the United States, by the obligation they had assumed by the Louisiana treaty, as a supreme law of the land, which was inviolable by the power of congress. They were also binding as the fundamental law of Indian rights, acknowledged by royal orders, and municipal regulations of the province, as the laws and ordinances of Spain in the ceded provinces, which were declared to continue in force by the proclamation of the governor in taking possession of the provinces; and by the acts of congress, which assured all the inhabitants of protection in their property. It would be an unwarranted construction of these treaties, laws, ordinances and municipal regulations, to decide that the Indians were not to be maintained in the enjoyment of all the rights which they could have enjoyed under either, had the provinces remained under the dominion of Spain. It would be rather a perversion of their spirit, meaning and terms, contrary to the injunction of the law under which the court acts, which makes the stipulations of any treaty, the laws and ordinances of Spain, and these acts of congress, so far as either apply to this case, the standard rules for its decision. The treaties with Spain and England before the acquisition of Florida by the United States, which guarantied to the Seminole Indians their lands according to the right of property with which they possessed them, were adopted by the United States; who thus became the protectors of all the rights they had previously enjoyed, or could of right enjoy under Great Britain or Spain, as individuals or nations, by any treaty, to which the United States thus became parties in 1803. The Indian right to the lands as property was not merely of possession, that of alienation was concomitant; both were equally secured, protected and guarantied by Great Britain and Spain, subject only to ratification and confirmation by the license, charter or deed from the governor representing the king. Such purchases enabled the Indians to pay their debts, compensate for their depredations on the traders resident among them to provide for their wants; while they were available to the purchasers as payment of the considerations which at their expense had been received by the Indians. It would have been a violation of the faith of the government to both, to encourage traders to settle in the province, to put themselves and property in the power of the Indians, to suffer the latter to contract debts, and when willing to pay them by the only means in their power, a cession of their lands, withhold an assent to the purchase, which by their laws or municipal regulations was necessary to vest a title. Such a course was never adopted by Great Britain in any of her colonies, nor by Spain in Louisiana or Florida. The laws made it necessary, when the Indians sold their lands, to have the deeds presented to the governor for confirmation. The sales by the Indians transferred the kind of right which they possessed, the ratification of the sale by the governor must be regarded as a relinquishment of the title of

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.J
the crown to the purchaser, and no instance is known where permission to sell has been "refused, or the rejection of an Indian sale." In the present case the Indian sale has been confirmed with more than usual solemnity and publicity; it has been done at a public council and convention ofthe Indians conformably to treaties, to which the king was a party, and which the United States adopted, and the grant was known to both parties to the treaty of cession. The United States were not deceived by the purchase, which they knew was subject to the claim of the petitioner, or those from whomhe purchased, and they made no stipulation which should put it to a severer test than any other; and it was made to a house which in consideration of its great and continued services to the king and his predecessor, had deservedly given them high claims as well on his justice as his faith. But if there could be a doubt that the evidence in the record did not establish the fact of a royal license or assent to this purchase as a matter of specific and judicial belief, it would be presumed as a matter of law arising from the facts and circumstances of the case, which are admitted or
unquestioned. As heretofore decided by this court, the law presumes the existence in the
provinces of an officer authorized to make valid grants; a fortiori, to give license to purchase and to confirm; and the treaty designates the governor of West Florida as the proper officer to make grants of Indian lands by confirmation as plainly as it does the governor of East Florida to make original grants, or the intendant of West Florida to grant royal lands. A direct grant from the crown of lands in a royal haven may be presumed on an uninterrupted possession of sixty years, or a prescriptive possession of crown lands for forty years. The length of time which brings a given case within the legal presumption of a grant, charter, or license, to validate a right long enjoyed, is not definite, depending on its peculiar circumstances.
After the case had been fully heard in the superior court of middle Florida, the judge of that court, in examining the evidence in the case with a view to its decision, considered that he had discovered in the date of the water mark in the paper on which one of the original Spanish documents had been written, a circumstance which brought into doubt the genuineness of the instrument. No objection of this kind had been made duripg the argument of the cause , and after the supposed discovery, no opportunity was permitted, by the court of Florida,' to the claimants, to explain or account for the same. After the appeal had been docketed in this court, the appellants asked permission to send a commission to procure testimony, which it was alleged would fully explain the circumstance, and offered to read ex parte depositions to the same purpose. By the Court. This is refused. because in an appellate court, no now evidence can be taken or received, without violating the best established rules of evidence. Under such circumstances, it would be dealing to the petitioner a measure of justice incompatible with every principle of equity, to visit upon his title an objection which the claimant was not bound to anticipate in the court below, which he could not meet there, and which this court were compelled to refuse him the means of removing by evidence, We will not say what course would have been taken, if his title had depended on the date of the paper alluded to: as the case is, it is only one of numerous undisputed documents tend-

SUPREME COURT.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
ing to establish the grant, the validity of which is but little if it could be in any degrce affected by the date of the permission.
APPEAL from the superior court.of middle Florida. The appellants, on the 181h day of October 1828, presented
to the superior court of middle Florida, their petition under the authority of the sixth section of the act of congress passed on the 23d of May 1828, entitled an act supplementary to the several acts providing for the settlement and confirmation of the private land claims in the territory of Florida, and of the act of 1824, referred to in the said act, authorizing claimants in Missouri to iistitute proceedings to try the validity of their titles.
The appellants claimed title to a tract of land containing one million two hundred thousand acres, in the territory of Florida, the greater part of which was situated between the rivers Appalachicola and the St Mark's, comprehending all the intervening sea coast, and the islands adjacent.
The title was asserted to be held under deeds from the Creek and Seminole Indians to Panton, Leslie and Company, to John Forbes and Company, and to John Forbes. and confirmed by the authorities of Spain.
These lands, the petitioners alleged, were granted by the Indian tribes, as an indemnity from the Spanish government and from those Indians, for losses sustained by them in prosecuting a trade with the Indians, under the special and exclusive license of Spain.
The Indian grants were dated on the 25th May and the 22d August 1804, and the 2d August 1806, and were alleged to have been confirmed by governor Folch, the governor of the province.
The facts of the case, and all the documents on which the title of the petitioners was claimed to rest, with the evidence in the case, are fully stated in the opinion of the court.
The answer of the district attorney stated that the commissioners under the act "for the settlement of private land claims, and for the confirmation thereof" were instructed to report, and not to decide upon large claims, that the claim of the petitioners was reported upon by the commissioners, and

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
their report laid before congress-but it was denied that the documents presented to the said commissioners and by them reported, were, by the said report, "admitted to be genuine." The title of the appellant is invalid. Congress did not confirm or adopt the report of the commissioners upon this claim, but referred all claims not annulled by the treaty of cession, nor by the decree of the king of Spain ratifying the same, nor reported by the commissioners as antedated or forged, to the decision of the judiciary.
The cause was heard in the superior court of middle Florida, on the evidence adduced by the pelitioners and the United States and on public documents, all of which were sent up with the record, and was finally disposed of by a decree of the judge of that court, entered on the 2d of November 1830, dismissing the petition.
The petitioners appealed to this court. The appeal was entered to January term 1831.
At former terms of this court, on the motions of the counsel for the United States, the case was postponed to enable the government of the United States to procure papers from Madrid and from Havana, which were considered important and necessary in the cause. These motions were always resisted by the counsel for the appellants.
At January term 1834, the case was continued, under an order of the court that it should not be argued before the 2d of February 1835.
On the 9th of January, Mr Butler, attorney-general of the United States, moved the court to postpone the hearing of the case until later in the" term than the day fixed for the same, alleging that the documents which had been expected from Havana had not arrived, and that the government had despatched a special messenger for them, whose return was expected before the 25th of February, during the term. The court refused to hear the motion until the case should be called, on or after the 2d of February. Afterwards, on the 9th of February, the motion was renewed on the part of the United States, by the attorney-general, and was overruled, the court not thinking it necessary to hear the counsel for the appellants against it.

SUPREME COURT
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
The cause then came on, and was argued by Mr White and Mr Berrien, for the appellants, and by the attorney-general and Mr Call, for the United States.
For the appellants, the following points were submitted to the court.
1. That the Indian sales of 1804 and 1811, and the several acts in confirmation thereof by the governor of West Florida, vest in the grantees a full and complete title to the land in controversy.
2. That the king of Spain was bound, in good faith, to indemnify the house of Forbes & Co. for the losses sustained by them in their traffic with the Indian tribes; that the satisfaction of the claims of that house, which was effected by these sales, and the consequent release of the obligation of the king of Spain to indemnify them, constituted a sufficient consideration to the Spanish crown for any right of pre-emption or-otherwise which it might have had in these lands.
3. That these sales, having been made with the knowledge, assent and previous approbation of the authorities of Louisiana and West Florida, having been subsequently ratified and confirmed by the civil and military governor of the latter province, having been notified to the captain-general of Cuba, and by him to the king, and not having been disapproved by either thatthese several acts and omissions amount to an acquiescence on the part of the king of Spain and his legitimate authorities, which, according to the laws and usages of that kingdom, would vest a valid title in the grantees.
4. That the decision of the captain-general of Cuba, on the petition of John Forbes, setting forth his title to these lands, and praying leave to sell the same, is a judicial decision upon the validity of that title by the highest legitimate authority of that captain-generalcy, to which West Florida was an appendage, and cannot be drawn into question in any other tribunal.
5. That the grantees, and those claiming under them, have had legal possession, in good faith, by just title, since the date of the respective grants, which constitute a title by prescription under the laws of Spain.
6. That the title thus subsisting in the grantees, by the aforesaid sales and acts of confirmation, by the acquiescence,

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
after notice, of the king of Spain and his legitimate authorities, by the judicial decision of the captain-general of Cuba, and by the right of prescription, at the date of the delivery of the Floridas to the United States, was a valid and legal title, which was recognized and confirmed by the treaty of cession.
For the United States, it was contended by Mr Butler and Mr Call
I. Admitting it to be true, for the sake of argument, 1. That the house of Forbes & Co. had rendered important services to the Spanish government, and had well founded claims on its bounty; 2. That the king of Spain was bound, in good faith, to indemnify the house, for the losses sustained by them in their traffic with the Indians, 3. That the government of the United States had knowledge of the existence of that house, of its claims on Spain, and of the title on which the present suit is founded, 4. That the vacant and ungranted lands in the Floridas, even if the present claim be confirmed, will yet be more than the government of the United States, at the time of the cession, expected to receive, and, 5. That other equitable circumstances exist, which entitle the claim to a favourable regard. Still it is contended, on the part of the United States, that no valid reason can be found, in either or all of these circumstances, for reversing the decree of the court below That decree must be affirmed, unless it can be shown that the claimants, at the time of the cession, had a legal right to the lands in question, acquired either, 1. By virtue of a grant or concession, made before the 24th of January 1818, by his catholic majesty, or by his lawful authorities, or, 2. By virtue of some other valid title, known to, and recognized by the laws of Florida. II. The most important of the suggestions above referred to, viz. the alleged liability of the king of Spain to indemnify Forbes & Co. for their losses, &c., is not correct in point of fact. Neither the law of nations, nor any special promise, not any existing treaty, imposed on him any such obligation.

SUPREME COURT.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
Besides, if such obligation existed, ihe duty of auditing and settling the accounts belonged alone to the intendancy of the province, and the Spanish government could not be bound for the payment of any particular demand, on the mere admission of the Indians.
III. The claim, in the present case, though of land within the territorial limits of the Floridas, does not profess to be founded on any original substantive grant made by the king of Spain or his officers, but on cessions made by Indian tribes, and on alleged ratifications and confirmations thereof, and acquiescence therein, by the Spanish authorities. In this respect, the present case differs from all the cases hitherto submitted to this court.
IV The Indian deeds to Panton, Leslie & Co. did not, either in themselves, or with the confirmation thereof by governor Folch, convey to the grantees therein named, any legal right to the lands in question.
1. According to the laws of Spain, in force in the Floridas, the absolute title in the soil, in all the lands described in the deeds, was, at the execution thereof, exclusively vested in the crown of Spain. The Indians, by those laws, were regarded as having no title whatever, except in and to such tracts as were left in their possession by the Spanish authorities, in conformity to the laws of the Indies, and no part of the premises in question were so allotted.
2. If the title of the Spanish crown was qualified, in respect to lands in the Floridas, by any Indian right of occupancy, that right existed only in favour of such Indian tribes, if any, as actually inhabited the lands, and as had not previously surrendered it, and the Spanish crown possessed the absolute and exclusive right to extinguish it.
3. The lands in question were, in fact, at the time of the cessions, vacant and uninhabited, and therefore no Indian right of occupancy could exist therein.
4. The original Indian right of occupancy, if any ever existed, from the shores of the gulf, as far as the flowing of the tide up the bays, rivers and inlets, in the premises in question, was extinguished by solemn compact between the government of Great Britain and the Indians, in the year 1765 and by the treaty of 1783, Spain sucdeeded to all the rights of soil and

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.J
sovereignty, previously possessed by the British crown. As to the greater part ofthe lands described in them, the Indian deeds were therefore invalid.
5. The deeds were executed by Indians, residing, with a trivial exception, within the territorial limits of the United States. The cessions were not the act of the Seminole nation, every town and village of which was interested in the Indian right of possession.
6. The Indians could not sell to the subjects of Great Britain, land within thejurisdiction of Spain, on which was erected the fortress of St Mark's, then occupied and garrisoned by the troops of Spain, and since ceded and delivered by the Spanish government to the United States.
7. William Panton and John Leslie, of the house of Panton, Leslie & Co., were both dead, and no such firm existed in Florida as that of Panton, Leslie & Co., at the time of executing the several deeds, and at the time of their confirmation by governor Folch.
8. Panton, Leslie & Co. were foreigners. They had not taken the oath of allegiance to the crown of Spain, without which they could receive no grant of land in Florida, from the subordinate officers of the government.
9. There is no proof that the governors-general of Louisiana authorized or approved the purchases in question.
10. The original acts of confirmation of the Indian sales, by governor Folch, to the house of Panton, Leslie & Co., and to the house of John Forbes & Co., have not been produced by the petitioners, nor their absence satisfactorily accounted for. There is no evidence then, that any formal titles were given by governor Folch, to the grantees, for the land in question.
11. Governor Foleh had no power to ratify and confirm the Indian cessions in question
(1.) Because the power to ratify such cessions was not within the scope of his general authority, nor had he any special authority to ratify the same.
(2.) Because the lands, with a small exception, were situated within the province of East Florida, and out of his jurisdiction.
(3.) Because the royal order of 1798 vested in the rntendants the exclusive power of granting and conceding all kinds
VOL. Ix.-4 Q

SUPREME COURT.
[Mitchell and others v. The United States.]
of land, and at the date of the supposed grants, Juan Ventura Morales was intendant of West Florida.
V If the titles executed by governor Folch could be considered as original substantive grants (which is by no means admitted), they would still be invalid, by reason of their repugnancy to the laws, ordinances, usages and regulations of the Spanish government. As to the lands in East Florida, they must certainly be invalid.
VI. The facts and circumstances attending this case, and relied on by the appellants, do not amount to any such acquiescence on the part of the king of Spain and his lawful authorities, as would, according to the laws and usages of that kingdom, vest a valid title in the grantees. And all presumption of such acquiescence is conclusively rebutted by the subsequent grants actually made by the king himself.
VII. No title by prescription exists in this case. VIII. The permission granted by the captain-general of the island of Cuba, to the house of John Forbes & Co., to sell the lands in controversy to Colin Mitchell, related only to the lands described in the cession of 1804, and was not a judicial decision on the validity of the title. It created no estate either in the grantees or those claiming under them. IX. The captain-general of the island of Cuba, had no jurisdiction over the lands in Florida. The royal domain of Florida was under the exclusive control and superintendence of the intendancy. X. The various circumstances and arguments relied on by the appellants, being, for the reasons above stated, each of them insufficient in itself, to sustain the present claim, they must, from the peculiar nature of this case, be equally insufficient in the aggregate. XI. The United States have a clear title to the fortress of St Mark's and its appurtenances, which, even if the claim be allowed in other respects, must be excepted by definite bounds therefrom, and should have been so excepted in the petition. On the 14th of March, the case having been argued, and the opinion of the court being about to be delivered by Mr Justice Baldwin, Mr Butler and Mr Call, for the United States, moved to postpone the final disposition of the case until next term.

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
The Attorney-General stated, that the messenger who had been despatched to Havana, had on the day preceding returned to the city of Washington, and had brought with him documents of great importance to the just decision of the case, and that information had been received by the department of state, that other documents, showing the action of the government of Spain in relation to titles to lands in Florida, were preparing in Havana by the consul of the United States there, who had been specially commissioned for the purpose, which would be received before the next session of the court. These documents were represented by the agent at Havana, to be very important in the cause. The motion was opposed by Mr White, Mr Ogden, Mr Berrien and Mr Webster, of counsel for the appellants; and supported by Mr Call and Mr Butler. The motion was held under advisement until the 17th of March, when
Mr Chief Justice MARSHALL said The court has taken into its serious and anxious consideration, the motion made on the part of the government to continue the cause of Mitchel v. The United States to the next term. Though the hope of deciding causes to the mutual satisfaction of parties would be chimerical, that of convincing them that the case has been fully and fairly considered, that due attention has been given to the arguments of counsel, and that the best judgment of the court has been exercised on the case, may be sometimes indulged. Even this is not always attainable. In the excitement produced by ardent controversy, gentlemen view the same object through such different media, that minds not unfrequently receive therefrom precisely opposite impressions. The court however must see with its own eyes, and exercise its own judgment guided, by its own reason. The motion is founded on the expectation, that by the next term admissible evidence may be obtained, which will shed much light on this cause, and change essentially its present character. This motion is opposed on the ground that the delays have already been excessive, that a farther continuance for twelve months would affect one of the parties most in]u-

SUPREME COURT
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
riously; and that no rational foundation is laid, for the opinion, that new and important additions will or can be made to the information the record at present contains.
The cause was docketed on the 2d of February 1831. OR the 26th of the same month a motion was made on the part of the United States, to bring on the cause for argument at that term. This motion was opposed and was overruled. The reasons of the court are not recollected, but the motion was in opposition to a positive rule, and must for that cause alone have been rejected.
In March 1832, the parties were willing to bring on the cause, but the court thought it too late in the term to take it up, and it was continued.
In 1833 and in 1834 the cause was continued, on the motion of the attorney for the United States, supported by the same arguments which are now urged.
This cause was commenced in the district court of the United States for the territory of Florida, in October 1828. The degree of intelligence which has been employed in preparing the record for a final decision, gives the most absolute assurance that from the commencement of the controversy, it must have been perceived that the case depended essentially on the sanction given by the authorities of Spain to the grants made by the Indians. It was perceived, and great efforts were made in the district court by both parties for the establishment of this fact. A vast mass of evidence has been collected on it, and is to be found in the record. An inspection of that evidence goes far to establish the opinion, that it cannot be materially varied.
The government has unquestionably made great exertions, we believe all that could be made, to obtain any additional documents which the case may furnish. No difficulty has been opposed by the Spanish government to the inquiries of the American agents. On the contrary, every facility has been gven to them. We cannot doubt that the most important documents would be the most immediately forwarded. Those which have arrived have been inspected. They are not believed to vary the case many of them are undoubtedly important, but they were already in the record, and have been considered. The transfer of all sales of crown lands from the

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Mlitchel and others v. The United States.]
political to the treasury department, from the governor to the intendant, and the ordinance by which this change was effected, were already in possession of the court, and had been maturely considered. The documents referred to were chiefly in the record.
We are not satisfied, from the communications of the agent of the United States, that the additional papers to which he alludes, and which he hopes to obtain, can materially affect the merits of the case. With this strong impression on our minds, we should not be justified in granting a still further continuance. The opinion of the court will be delivered.
Mr Justice BALDWIRN delivered the opinion of the Court. The land in controversy is claimed by the United States, in virtue of the treaty of cession by Spain, by which the territory and sovereignty of the two Floridas were acquired, in consideration of 5,000,000 dollars, paid in extinguishment of certain claims of the citizens of the United States on the government of Spain. Colin Mitchel claims, by deeds from various tribes of Indians belonging to the great Creek confederacy, to Panton, Leslie & Co., to John Forbes & Co., and to John Forbes, confirmed by the local authorities of Spain, whose right has become vested in him by sundry mesne conveyances, to which it is unnecessary to referas the regular deraignment of whatever title was vested in the original grantees to the present claimants is not questioned. (Record 362.) The lands are in four separate tracts, extending from the mouth of the river St Mark's, outside of the islands along the sea coast, to the west end of St Vincent's island, west of the mouth of the river Appalachicola, thence to that river about five miles from its mouth, up the same for many miles, thence by a back line to a point on the western bank of the St Mark's above the old fort of that name, and down the said river to the sea. It is unnecessary to refer to the boundaries of the separate tracts, or the particular designation of the lines and points of the whole body of lands, as they are not a subject of controversy in this case, the quantity, as estimated by the claimant, is one million two hundred and fifty thousand acres (Record 5), and by the Spanish officers, one million three hundred and ninety-one thousand arpents. (Record 224.) The history of the claim is this.

SUPREME COURT.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
The commercial house of Panton, Leslie & Co. had long been established at St Augustine, in east Florida, it had extensive connexions and great credit in England, and its operations were very great. After Spain had taken possession of the Floridas, in virtue of the treaty of peace in 1783, the king, by a royal order, gave them license to carry on and continue their commercial operations in those provinces and Louisiana. (Record 164-167, 236-281, 157-160.) As they were an English house, an oath of allegiance was required, which was taken by Mr Panton, (Record 127, 128) and by Mr Leslie, for himself and the other members of the firm who were not in the province (Record 275, 281, 282) in 1786, with which the Spanish government was satisfied, as a compliance with the royal orders of the same year. (Record 160-164).
This house conducted its affairs to the entire satisfaction of the successive governors-general of Louisiana (Record 120-
129) and the local authorities of the Floridas, rendered Important services to the crown, met with many and great losses, amounting, by the estimate of the marquis of Casa Calvo, then governor-generalof Louisiana, in 1800, to 400,000 dollars. (Record 125, 136, 147, 148.) Five of his predecessors had recommended the awarding some indemnity to the house, they had made repeated claims upon the crown, the justice of which had been acknowledged by all the local authorities during all the changes of administration (Record 121, 122, 132, 133, 134), in their numerous despatches to the ministry, which had been submitted to the king. (Record 130, 374.) They concurred in representing to the king the great importance and services of the house as a political instrument of the gdvernment, that they had a right to indemnity from the king, that the situation of the house was such, that they must sink under their losses if it was not afforded, and that it must be sustained and preserved as indispensable to retain any control over the Indians, and secure the possession of the provinces entrusted to their care. (Record 130, 139, 143-152, 151, 252-257, 302, 580.)
In consequence of the repeated solicitations of the house to the king for compensation, a royal order was directed to the captain-general of Cuba on the subject of the indemnities proper to be given them, in reply to which, among other propositions made by the governor-general of Louisiana, was a grant

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Mlitchel and others v. The United States.]
of twenty leagues square of royal lands west of the Mississippi, or a loan of 400,000 dollars without security (Record 144, 145.) This shows the sense of that high officer of the value of the services of the house, the extent of their losses in their exertions in favour of the government, with the measure of remuneration which he considered to be due of right in 1800. (Record 144, 147 )
Among the losses sustained by the house, was a large amount due by the Seminole Indians prior to 1800, and for robberies of their stores in 1792 and 1800, by members of that tribe, headed by the celebrated adventurer Bowles, exceeding in all 60,000 dollars (Record 22-28), of which they were unable to procure any payment from the Indians, but who had expressed a willingness to make compensation by a grant of their lands.
Early in 1799 the house made an application to the governor-general of Louisiana for leave to purchase from the Indians as much land as would satisfy the above claims, which was favourably received by both him and his successor. (Record 54, 56.) Negotiation with the Indians was followed by a deed of cession from them, m 1804, of the large tract containing one million two hundred thousand arpents. (Record 554.)
This deed was confirmed at a general council of the nation and its chiefs held at Pensacola in 1806, in the presence of Folch, governor of West Florida (Record 568, 584, 590, 614), in all the form and solemnity which Indians could give it. This governor had previously given leave to make the purchase on a petition presented to him by the house in January 1804, setting forth the circumstances of the case, which was granted on only one condition, that they should not dispose of the lands without notice to and knowledge of the government, and in December 1806, gave his full confirmation to the grant of the Indians made to Panton, Leslie & Co. (Record 58, 84.) Another application was made to the same governor in 1807, for his permission to make an additional purchase from the same Indians, which was granted in December 1810, on condition that the house should cede the whole or part of the lands to the king, if he should want them, at the price at which they acquired them, and not dispose of them without notice to the government. (Record 273, 274, 275.) In the following

SUPREME COURT.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
year the Indians granLed the other tracts between the rivers Wakulla and St Mark's, including the fort, which was also confirmed by the governor (Record 606), at a great public council of the Indians at Pensacola, this tract contained by estimation ninety-seven thousand arpents. At the same time another tract on the sea coast, including some islands at and west of the mouth of the Appalachicola, was in like manner granted by the Indians and confirmed by the governor to John Forbes & Co., the successors of Panton, Leslie & Co. (Record 106) containing sixty-five thousand arpents. At the same time and place there was granted and confirmed to John Forbes an island in the Appalachicola, containing six thousand eight hundred arpents, for which no consideration was paid, the grant being a gratuity by the Indians to Forbes, in consideration of his services and friendship rendered and shown to them for years before. (Record 217-224.) It is not deemed necessary to recite more specially the various original deeds from the In-, dians, or those made in councils after the lines had been marked which designated the boundaries of the respective grants, nor the grants of the governor of West Florida, confirming them by titles in form delivered to the parties, they are in form and substance alike (Record 28-106, 430, 447), and no question has arisen on their terms.
Those of the Indians recite the considerations which led to the grants, convey the lands with a warranty of their title by ascertained boundaries (Record 39, 40, 49, 91, 95, 86, 93, 69, 82-84, 29-36, 59, 63, 95-108, 562), those of the governor ratify and confirm the grants in full and direct dominion (Record 37, 49, 91, 95, 111) and in full property, put the grantees in possession, and promise to defend and maintain it, (Record 106, 137, 145) all of which he declares is done by using the powers vested in him. (Record 75-91,30-37,99, 233,234.) They are drawn up in great form, contain a perfect recogiiition of the Indian grants, and give to them all the validity which he could impart to them. (Record 106, 131, 175, 191, 193.) They are made in the name of the king, executed and attested in all due formality, and their authenticity proved as public documents, and by the testimony of witnesses to the official signatures. (Record 562, 579, 615, 620, 623, 646, 611, 612, 613-626). The claims of the house upon the Indians

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
for debts due since 1789 and depredations committed, were notorious to the government and inhabitants of Pensacola, (Record 273, 274, 536, 590) as were the purchases, and their confirmation by the Indians, at which two thousand are computed to have attended in 1811 (Record 592, 601), is proved as a fact by witnesses present in the different councils, so is the fact of the ratification by the governor. (Record 579, 614, 615, 620, 623, 646.) The original deeds, and the demarcation of lines and boundaries were made (Record 42, 43, 100, &c.) in the presence of the commandant at St Mark's, (Record 73, 97, 104, 108), exercising the offices of lieutenant governor and subdelegate of the intendancy, or were approved by him every act done in relation to the cessions and their ratification, from the first application to the governor-general in 1799 to their consummation in 1811, was public and notorious to both Indians and whites. (Record 590.) Governor Folch reported all his proceedings to the captain-general of Cuba, by whom they were approved, who declared that the king would confirm them, and, as some of the witnesses say, declared that he had confirmed them. (Record 228, 229, 232, 568, 572, 584, 594.) From the time of the first, cession in 1804, the Indians acknowledged the validity of the grants, were satisfied with them, called the land the white land, or the land of the whites, (Record 606) asked permission from the house to hunt upon them, and with the exception of some occasonal depredations, respected their possessions and property (Record 619-621, 623.) Their title too was equally respected by the local government, and all the officers of the king (Record 234, 574, 624, 625) nor from him to the lowest does there appear to have been expressed any dissatisfaction at any of the acts of governor Folch, or the least doubt of the perfect validity of the title, though the claim of the house to the whole land conveyed was perfectly known and evidenced by a partial actual possession, taken at an early period and continued till the cession of the provinces. (Record 620, 624, 625.) There is no evidence in the record, that either the Indians, the governor, or intendant ever made a cession, grant, order of survey, or gave permission to settle within the boundaries of any of the grants. It is also a circumstance of no small consideration, that notwithstanding the long and inveterate controversy
VOL. ix.-4 it

SUPREME COURT.
[Mitehel and others v. The United States.]
between the governor and intendant about their powers to grant lands even in small tracts, there was none in relation to these. Yet the intendant had full notice of them, spoke of them, but made no objection (Record 571) or preferred any complaint to the captain-general or the king, although the quantity of land thus granted to this house was nearly double to the whole amount of the grants of royal lands made by the government of West Florida. (Record 421, 469.) It was also proved, that in the opinion of those who know the land, as well as the officers of government, it was not worth, at the time, the amount of the just claims of the house on the Indians, that the grants were taken as the only means of their indemnification, and that the purchase was much less advantageous to them than to the king, who thereby became absolved from a claim not only too just to deny, but too large to satisfy with convenience. (Record 570-574, 579, 556, 573, 625.) It is also proved, that the Indians who made the cessions occupied the lands for hunting grounds, were deemed the owners of them as Indian lands, and had three settlements upon them previously, (Record 559, 565, 576, 585) and that the country was claimed by the Seminoles. (Record 12, 52, 607.) The lines were marked by persons appointed by the governor in presence of the Indians, who consented to them, (Record 621-623, 632) and the governor gave formal possession to the house (Record 625) according to the plats of the several grants exhibited to him, which the witnesses declare to have corresponded with the lines marked upon the ground, and those recited in the deeds and petitions. (Record 623.)
In opposition to this mass of documentary and parol testimony, in support of the allegations of the petitioners, that the grants were in fact made and confirmed, in the manner, and for the reasons and considerations set forth, no direct evidence appears in the record. Some of the witnesses were examined as to the supposed influence of the house with governor Folch, but the imputationwas negatived, and the proceedings throughout declared to have been in good faith. (Record 554-583.)
So far then as the merits of the case depend on the genuineness of the deeds and documents, the facts of the grants and confirmations by the Indians and governor, the marking the lines and possession of the land, the good faith of the whole

JANUARY TERM 1835.
(Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
transaction, the absence of fraud, the authority of the Indian chiefs, as representatives of their respective tribes, we entirely concur in opinion with the court below. That the grants were made bona fide, for a valuable consideration, of the adequacy of which the Indians were competent judges, if they had any right in the lands which they could convey, that the ratification of the governor was fairly and fully nade, and for good and sufficient reasons, of which he was the judge, if he had competent authority to give effect and validity to Indian cessions of the land in controversy. The view which the learned judge took of these questions, after a thorough, searching examination of the documents and evidence, is so entirely satisfactory, that we have only to express our assent to the conclusions at which he arrived. (Record 662-669.)
There is, however, one subject which was considered by him, into which we do not feel at liberty to inquire, which is the water-mark in the paper on which the governor's permission of the 7th of January 1804, was written, noticed and commented on at large by the judge. (Record 706.) This objection was not made in the court below, at the hearing, or in the argument, so that no opportunity was afforded to the petitioner to produce any evidence on the subject, or to his counsel to answer the objection. This court also refused to grant him a commission to take testimony to explain and account for the water-mark, or permit him to read the ex parte evidence offered to explain it, because in an appellate court no new evidence could be taken or received without violating the best established rules of evidence and law. Under such circumstances, it would be dealing to the petitioner a measure of justice incompatible with every principle of equity, to visit upon his title an objection which hewas not bound to anticipate in the court below, which he could not meet there, and which this court were compelled to refuse him the means of removing by evidence. 'We will not say what course would have been taken if his title had depended on the date of the paper alluded to, as the case is, it is only one of numerous undisputed documents tending to establish the grant, the validity of which is but little, if it could be in any degree affected by the date of the permission. It is objected by the counsel of the United States, that the

SUPREME COURT.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
original acts of confirmation of the Indian sales by governor Folch are not produced, and that the copies in evidence are not legal proof of such acts. This objection seems to us not to be well founded in fact or law. The original Indian deeds were procured by the agent of the United States from the public archives in Havana (Record 529, &c.) and are now before us. The deeds of confirmation were made according to the rules of the civil law adopted by Spain, and in force in Florida and Cuba, the original is a record, and preserved in the office, which cannot be taken out, a testimonto or copy is delivered to the party, which is deemed to be and is certified as an original paper, having all the effect of one in all countries governed by the civil law Such is proved to be the law of those colonies, as a fact, by Mr White (Record 628), such is the form of the certificates in this case, varying in phraseology somewhat, but agreeing in substance and effect (Record 19, 38, 45, 50, 58, 91, 106, 111), in perfect accordance with the civil law adopted in Louisiana, and recognized by this court in the case of Owings v. Hull, decided at the present term. We therefore consider those now produced as original deeds of confirmation by the governor, duly certified and proved.
It is objected, that the deeds of 1804 and 1806, to Panton, Leslie & Co. were inoperative to pass the lands, they having died previously.
It is in proof as a fact that Forbes & Co. were the successors in business and interest to Panton & Co. This change of the name and partners of the house after the death of Mr Panton was known to the officers of the local government and the king, who by a royal order in 1805, (Record 262) and another in 1807, (Record 270) directed that it should have no effect on their privileges. To the king it mattered not whether the lands were conveyed to the house as a firm, or to the partners nominatim, they, it seems, preferred considering the lands as a part of the general effects of the partnership, and received the deeds accordingly, as it concerned only them, and as there has been produced no law of Spain invalidating such a grant, the objection cannot be sustained.
Another objection, on account of an oath of allegiance not

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Mlitchel and others v. The United States.]
having been taken by the grantees, is removed by the evidence already referred to, and need be no further considered.
It is objected that the grant of 1811 is invalid, because it comprehends the fort of St Mark's, then actually occupied by the troops of the king. It is in full proof that the site of St Marks and the adjacent country was within the territory claimed by the Seminole Indians (Record 12, 131, 603-607, 618.) It is not certain, from the evidence, whether it was purchased from the Indians, or merely occupied by their permission there seems to be no written evidence of the purchase, but no witness asserts that possession was taken adversely to the Indian claim, and it is clearly proved to have been amicably done. (Record 232, 306, 581.) Whether the Indians had a right to grant this particular spot then or not, cannot affect the validity of the deeds to the residue of the lands conveyed in 1811. The grant is good, so far as it interfered with no prior right of the crown, according to the principles settled by this court in numerous cases arising on grants by North Carolina and Georgia, extending partly over the Indian boundary, which have uniformly been held good, as to whatever land was within the line established between the state and the Indian territory. Wear v Danforth, 9 Wheat. 673, Patterson v Jenckes, 2 Peters's Rep. 216, and Winn v Patterson, decided by the supreme court of the United States, January 1835, ante 663. As to the land covered by the fort and appurtenances, to some distance around it, it becomes unnecessary to inquire into the effect of the deeds, as the counsel of the petitioners have in open court disclaimed any pretensions to it.
Another objection is of a more general nature, that the grantees did not acquire a legal title to the lands in question. But it must be remembered, that the acts of congress submit these claims to our adjudication as a court of equity, and, as often and uniformly construed in its repeated decisions, confer the same jurisdiction over imperfect, inchoate and inceptive titles as legal and perfect ones, and require us to decide by the same rules on all claims submitted to us, whether legal or equitable.
Whether, therefore, the title in the present case partakes of the one character or the other, it remains only for us to inquire whether that of the petitioner is such in our opinion that

SUPREME COURT.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
he has, either by the law of nations, the stipulations of any treaty, the laws, usages, and customs of Spain, or the province in which the land is situated, the acts of congress or proceedings under them, or a treaty, acquired a right which would have been valid if the territory had remained under the dominion and in possession of Spain.
In doing so, we shall not take a detailed review of the leading cases on Spanish grants already decided by this court, in relation to those lands which formed a part of the royal domain, in contradistinction to those which may be considered as Indian lands claimed by Indians, by their title, whatever it may be. Those comprehended within the claim of the petitioners being of the latter description, as they contend and thereupon rest their title, it will suffice to state some general results of former adjudications which are applicable to this case, are definitively settled, so far as the power of this court can do it, and must be taken to be the rules of its judgment. They are these
That by the law of nations, the inhabitants, citizens, or subjects of a conquered or ceded country, territory, or province, retain all the rights of property which have not been taken from them by the orders of the conqueror, or the laws of the sovereign who acquires it by cession, and remain under their former laws until they shall be changed.
That a treaty of cession was a deed or grant by one sovereign to another, which transferred nothing to which he had no right of property, and only such right as he owned and could convey to the grantee. That by the treaty with Spain the United States acquired no lands in Florida to which any person had lawfully obtained such a right by a perfect or inchoate title, that this court could consider it as properly under the second article, or which had, according to the stipulations of the eighth, been granted by the lawful authorities of the king; which words grantsor concesswns were to be construed in their broadest sense, so as to comprehend all lawful acts which operated to transfer a right of property, perfect or imperfect. 6 Peters 710, 7 Peters 86, 88, 8 Peters 445, 449, 450, 486.
That the effect of the clauses of confirmation of grants made was that they confirm them presently on the ratification of the treaty, to those in possesston of the lands, which was declared

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
to be, that legal seisin and possession which follows a title, is coextensive with the right, and continues till it is ousted by an actual adverse possession, as contradistmguished from residence and occupation. 6 Peters 743, 8 Cranch 229, 230, 4 Wheat. 213, 233, 4 Peters 480, 504, 506, 5 Peters 354, 355.
That the United States by accepting the cession under the terms of the eighth article, and the ratification by the king, with an exception of the three annulled grants to Allegon, Punon Rostro, and Bargas, can make no other exceptions of grants, made by the lawful authorities of the king. 8 Peters 463, 464.
That the meaning of the words lawful authorities in the eighth article, or competent authorities in the ratification, must be taken to be "by those persons who exercised the granting power by the authority of the crown." That the eighth article expressly recognizes the existence of these lawful authorities in the ceded territories, designating the governor or intendant; as the case might be, as invested with such authority, which is to be deemed competent till the contrary is made to appear. 8 Peters 449 to 453.
That "by the laws of Spain" is to be understood the will of the king expressed in his orders, or by his authority, evidenced by the acts themselves, or by such usages and customs in the province as may be presumed to have emanated from the king, or to have been sanctioned by him, as existing authorized local laws. 6 Peters 714 to 716.
In addition to the established principles heretofore laid down by this court as to the legal effect of an usage or custom, there is one which is peculiarly appropriate to this case. The act of congress giving jurisdiction to this court to adjudicate on these causes, contains this clause in reference to grants, &c., ":which was protected and secured by the treaty, and which might have been perfected into a complete title, under and in conformity to the laws, usages and customs of the government under which the same originated." 6 Peters 708, 709, 3 Story's Laws 1959, 1960.
This is an express recognition of any known and established usage or custom in the Spanish provinces, in relation to the grants of land and the title thereto, which brings them within a well established rule of law. That a custom or usage saved

SUPREME COURT.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
and preserved by a statute has the force of an express statute, and shall control all affirmative statutes in opposition, though it must yield to the authority of negative ones, which forbid an act authorized by a custom or usage thus saved and protected, 4 Co. Inst. 86, 298, and this is the rule by which we must test its efficacy according to the act of congress, which we must consider as of binding authority.
In taking possession of Florida pursuant to the treaty, and in establishing a government in and over it, congress have acted on the same principles as those which were adopted by this court in the former cases. In the act of 1821, for carrying the treaty into execution, congress authorizes the vesting the whole power of government in such person as the president may direct for the maintaining the inhabitantsin the free enjoyment of their property. Pamphlet Laws 47.
The governor thus appointed, by his proclamation in the same year, announces to the inhabitants that he has been invested with all the powers, and charged with all the duties heretofore held and exercised by the captain-general and of the intendant of the island of Cuba over the Floridas; and the governor thereof; recites the foregoing act of congress, declares that they shall be maintained and protected in the free enjoyment of their property, &c., and that all laws and municipal regulations which were in existence at the cessation of the late government remain in full force. Pamphlet of 1822, 113.
The tenth section-of the act of 1822 contains the same pledge for the protection of property, and the thirteenth continued in force the existing laws, till altered by the local legislature then organized. Pamphlet 15.
The formal act of the surrender of the Floridas by Spain to the United States was made by the commandants of both of the provinces, by the authority of the captain-general of Cuba under a royal order. Pamphlet 110.
These are most solemn acts of both governments, which, as the proceedings under the treaty of cession, are made a rule for our guide in deciding on the validity of the title to lands in the provinces, they have all been ratified and approved by the king and congress, affording the highest possible evidence of the true meaning of both the high contracting parties to the treaty. They point directly to the kind of government

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
which existed before the cession as being vested in the captaingeneral and intendant of Cuba, and the governors of the provinces, as the supreme legislative, executive, and judicial power, subordinate to the king only And as it became afterwards in the hands of the governor alone by act of congress subordinate only thereto, while under both, the government was administered in conformity to the local laws and municipal regulations. It cannot therefore be doubted that among the other powers of the former government, that of granting lands was invested in some of its officers, nor that such officers were the governor, the intendant, or captain-general, as the case might be, thus exhibiting a union of opinion between the king of Spain as well as the legislative and judicial departments of this government, as to the meaning of the treaty, which cannot be Without its influence on its true construction and bearing on the rights of parties now before this court sitting in an appellate court of equity, directed to decide "in conformity to the principles of justire" and the laws and ordinances of the government under which the claim of the petitioner originated, they must be our guide.
Colin Mitchel claims the land in controversy as a purchaser from Panton, Leslie & Co., John Forbes & Co., and John Forbes, who were purchasers from the Seminole or Tallapoosa Indians, bona fide, for a valuable consideration paid by one party, and received by the other by force or contract, accompanied with the legal seisin and possession of the whole, and actual pedispossessto of a part, under a claim of right and title to the whole by grant. The equity of the parties from whom Mitchel purchased commenced in 1789, 1790, 1792, when the depredations were first committed and the debts contracted which formed the consideration of the Indian deeds, the debts increasing till 1800, and the depredations then renewed. A claim early made on the Indians for compensation and on the government of Spain for indemnity, continued till an agreement for the cession of lands by the former was fnade in 1800, and carried into effect in 1804 and 1806, when it was carried into grant, ratified and confirmed by the Indians, the governor of West Florida, and captain-general of Cuba, without an interfering claim till the cession to the United States in 1820, 1821. On the other hand, the United States claim the land
VOL. Ix.--4 s

SUPREME COURT.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States,]
by purchase from the king of Spain, made bona fide, for a valuable consideration fully paid, but with full and direct notice of the equity of Forbes & Co., and the purchase in the name of Panton, Leslie & Co., of which Forbes was partner, which notice was as early as 1804 (Record 283, 286, 290, 291, 568). The earliest equity claimed by the United States was in January 1818, when the cession was first proposed, the first agreement to convey by Spain was in 1819, the date of the treaty; and the final grant was made in 1820, the date of the ratification, and possession first taken in 1821, pursuant to the conveyance of the treaty.
Thus viewing the contending parties, we proceed as a court of equity to inquire, whether at the time the cession by the treaty took effect in favour of the United States there wag a right of property in Colin Mitchel to the lands included in his grants, or whether they had been previously granted by the lawful authorities of the king. That they were granted in fact is incontestable, and they were private property, if there was a grant competent by law to vest a title.
It is contended by the United States that the acts of governor Folch, in the permissions to purchase from the Indians, and the ratifying and confirming their deeds, are void, as the lands were not in West Florida, over which province alone lie had any jurisdiction.
There seems no doubt that under the British government the river Appalachicola remained the boundary between East and West Florida, as it was so established by the proclamation of the king in 1763 (1 Laws U. S. 444), but it does not appear that Spain had adopted it in administering the government of those provinces by any royal order, or that such was a common opinion of the inhabitants (Record 602 to 604) on the contrary, it appearm that so early as 1785, Don Galvez, then governor-general of Louisiana, considered the district of St Mark's de Appalachy as a dependency of his government, and in 1686 placedit under care of the government of West Florida, and ordered the establishment of a post there by a detachment from the garrison of Pensacola, which acts were approved by a royal order in March 1787 (Record 306, 197). These orders were acquiesced in by the governor of East Florida, who appearsfto have exercised no jurisdiction within that

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
territory, or to the west of it, after 1786 (Record 260). There is abundant evidence in the record that that post, the circumjacent territory, with what lies between it and the Appalachicola, was a dependency on and subject to both the civil and military jurisdiction of the governor of West Florida, and was so considered by all the officers of the government, the captain general and the king, as appears from many documents (Record 163, 165, 167, 168, 189, 190, 201, 202, 203, 209, 227, 228, 234, 236, 266, 267, 297, -298, 304). The fact of the exercise of jurisdiction over that territory by the governor of West Florida is also established by the concurring tqstimony of many witnesses, (Record 582, 600, 601, 602, 604) as is also the fact of its surrender by him-to the United States as a part of the territory under his command. (Record 602, Laws of 1832, pamphlet 112.)
But evidence of the fact still more conclusive, and its most solemn recognition by both governments, is to be found in the formal act of surrendering the sovereignty and possession of the province by Spain to the United States. The governor of West Florida "placed the commissioner of the United States in possession of the country, territories and dependencies of West Florida, including the fortress of St Mark's, with the adjacent islands, dependent on said province." (White 198, Pamphlet Laws 112.) So it was accepted and is yet held by the United States, and so we must consider it as understood by congress in the various laws passed since the cession, and the proceedings therein authorized under the treaty in reference to East and West Florida. The boundary between them must be taken to be thatwhich existed under Spain from 1785 till 1821, as incontestably proved, and most solemnly admitted by the United States, up to which the powers of the governor of West Florida, whatever they might be, could be exercised in their plenitude, both as a government de facto and a government de jure.
It becomes needless to inquire whether, after these solemn acts, it is competent for the United States to now contest the existence of such boundary, it suffices for this case, that it is abundantly established by all the evidence, which is uncontradicted, and that the lands in controversy are situated within West Florida, according to the boundaries recognised by both

SUPREME COURT.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
governments. This objection cannot therefore be allowed to prevail. It is next contended, that the power to grant lands in West Florida was not vested in the governor, but was confided exclusively to the intendant, this is clearly proved to be the settled law of that province as to royal lands, which were the property of the crown, and is admitted by the counsel of the petitioner.
But the reverse is, we think, equally apparent as to Indian lands, until their right had been abandoned, and the land become annexed to the royal domain by a process in the nature of an office at common law (White 25, 40, 42, 79, 43, 47, 215.) The relations between the Indians and the government of Spain, were considered as matters of the deepest political concern, in nowise connected with its fiscal operations, the commerce with the Indians was, as a political instrument, entrusted exclusively to the governors, as clearly appears by their correspondence with each other, the captain-general of Cuba, and the ministry in the mother country, and-regulated by royal orders (Record 113-153) with which the intendancy had nothing to do. (Record 151, 57!, 579, 586, 587, 590, White 32.)
It was a part of the governor's oath, as prescribed by the laws of the Indies, "that you shall take care of the welfare, increase and protection of the Indians." (Record 237.) He was their protector, whose duty it was to examine whether claims upon them were well founded, and if so, contribute by all possible means to their being paid, (Record 587) but not to lend his sanction, or allow the smallest injury to be done to them. (Record 571, 232.) The fact of the supervision of Indian sales of their land by the governors of provinces and commandants of posts, in acts of confirmation and putting the purchasers in possession, is very clearly established by the report of the land commissioners of the United States in Louisiana. (Record 325-333.) It was exercised by Don Galvez, governor general of Louisiana, as early at least as 1777, in confirming an Indian sale of the great Houma tract on the Mississippi (1 Laws U. S. 551, 552, 554), and there is no evidence that this power was ever entrusted to or conferred on any otaer officer, nor that it was ever exercised by any other.
It was an authority expressly delegated to them by the laws, (White 232-234) and so reported by-the commissioners (Re-

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.I
cord 329), proved also as a fact by the former secretary of the province (Record 572) and Governor Folch (Record 231234). It cannot, indeed, be well questioned that the governors and commandants of posts were the appropriate officers for these purposes, in the absence of any evidence of confirmations by intendants, with positive evidence of their approbation by the captain-general of Cuba, in making (Record 12) formal acts of confirmation without objection by the ipteridant-general of Cuba, or by local intendants. When to these considerations is added another, arising from the circumstance of there being no instance of the rejection or disaffirmance of a deed confirming an Indian sale by any of the superior authorities in the provinces, or by the king, as is clearly established (Record 336, 627, 628) and admitted in the argument, we cannot feel authorized to declare that governor Folch usurped any powers vested in the intendant, in any of his acts relating to these lands.
The confirmation of similar grants made by acts of congress, or by boards of commissioners acting under their authority, are also powerful evidence of the lawful exercise of the authority of these officers, and being proceedings under the treaty and laws, they are made a rule by which among others we may adjudicate on the claims of the present parties, in doing which we cannot sustain this objection without overlooking such a concurrence of evidence of various descriptions, as leaves no reasonable cause of a doubt of the authority of governor Folch, especially when we connect with his first permission to make the purchase of 1804, the condition attached to it, that the lands should not be disposed of without the giving notice to and knowledge of the government, and to that of 1811, that it should be conveyed to the king, if required, at the price at which it was purchased, and the mode in which that condition was performed and released.
Pursuant to these conditions, John Forbes applied to the captain-general of Cuba, in 1817, for permission to sell the land to the petitioner, which being referred to the assessor-general for his advice, he reported that the lands had been transmitted actually and lawfully in full property to Mr Forbes, with a conditional title, or "titulo oneroso," for which acquisition competent permission was given by governor Folch, who

SUPREME COURT.
[Mitehel and others v. The United States.]
delivered titles of confirmation subsequently, whereupon a formal permission was given by the captain-general to make the sale, which was a direct approbation of all the proceedings authorized by that governor, as well as that he was the officer designated for such purpose. (Record 12, 52, 53.) Such a confirmation by an officer subordinate only to the king, performed so long after the acts done by the governor of a province who was under the control of the captain-general, must be referred to his legitimate authority competent for the purpose. It was done also on the deliberate advice of an officer responsible to the crown, which makes the presumption very strong, if not irresistible, that every thing preceding it had been lawfully and rightfully done. (White 25, 40, 43, 47, 49.) This proceeding is in the nature of an inquest of office, in analogy to the writ of ad quod damnum, which by the common law precedes the grant of any charter, license, or patent of the king, of any thing which may be injurious to his or the rights of others, on which an inquesL is taken, on whose report the king acts, on the advice of the proper officer or tribunal, makes the grant or withholds it, as advised. (3 Bla. Coin. 259, 17 Vin. Ab. 171, 176, 7 Day's Coin. Dig. 80.)
The report of the assessor-general seems to have been acted on as an inquisition at common law, finding that there was no obstacle to the making-use of the powers entrusted to the captain-general. We should feel it to be an assumption of much responsibility to declare thaton the evidence inthis record, and the law arising upon it, that either of the officers referred to usurped powers not vested in them, or exercised them against or without the authority of the king.
The counsel of the United States pressed in argument the decision of this court in the case of Arredondo, as an affirmance of the right of the intendant of the province, or of Cuba, to grant Indian lands. In that case the lands granted had been in the possession and occupation of the Allachua Indians, and the centre of the tract was an Indian town of that name. But the land had been abandoned, and before any grant was made by the intendant a report was made by the attorney and surveyor-general on a reference to them, finding the fact of abandonment, on which it was decreed that the land had reverted to and become annexed to the royal domain.

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Mitchol and others v. The United States.]
Considering this to be a judicial act in the nature of an inquest of office, and the decree of the intendant as making the fact a res adjudicata, we did not feel at liberty to look behind it for the evidence on which it was founded, the consequence of which was, that by the judgment of a competent tribunal, the land was part of the royal domain, subject to the disposition of the intendant. There is no pretence of a similar proceeding having been had in relation to these lands, nor could there well be in opposition to the evidence in the record, especially the report of the assessor-general in 1817, that they were the lands of the Seminoles at the time of the cession by them and the confirmation by governor Folch. By the common law the king has no right of entry on lands which is not common to his subjects, the king is put to his inquest of office, or information of intrusion, in all cases where a subject is put to his action, their right is the same, though the king has more convenient remedies in enforcing his. If the king has no original right of possession to lands, he cannot acquire it without office, found so as to annex it to his domain. (2 Co. Inst. 46, Saville 8, 9, pl. 20, Hob. 347, Hardress 460, 7 Day's Com. Dig. 77, Gilbert's Ex. 109, 3 Bla. Com. 257, Fitz. N. B. 90 b., 4 Co. 58b., 16 Vin. 552, 3Co. 10, 11,9 Co. 95, 96, 98, Hardress 51, 52, Plow 236, 486, 1 Co. 42, 5 Co. 52 b, Plow. 229, 230.) Such, too, seems to be the law of Spain in the Floridas and Cuba, as appeared in the case of Arredondo, and as it must have been understood by the Spanish authorities, when they acknowledged the Indian right to lands in the harbour of Pensacola to be an existing one in 1816. Nor is there any evidence in the record that their right ceased to be respected, or that lands wnich had been in their possession became annexed to the royal domain, till some official proceeding, founded on the law of Spain, in the nature of an office by the common law, had taken place under the proper authority. (White 25, 40, 37)
The United States have acted on the same principle in the various laws which congress have passed in relation to private claims to lands in the Floridas, they have not undertaken to decide for themselves on the validity of such claims without the previous action of some tribunal, special or judicial. They have not authorized an entry to be made on the possession of

744

SUPREME COURT.

[MitcheI and others v. The United States.]
any person in possession, by colour of a Spanish grant or title, nor the sale of any lands as part of the national domain, with any Intention to impair private rights. The laws which give jurisdiction to the district courts of the territories to decide in the first instance, and to this on appeal, prescribe the mode by which lands which have been possessed or claimed to have been granted pursuant to the laws of Spain, shall become a part of the national domain, which, as declared in the seventh section of the act of 1824, is a "final decision against any claimant pursuant to any of the provisions of the law"
Another objection is made to the title of the petitioner, on the allegation that by the treaty of Picolata between Great Britain and the Creeks in 1765, the Indians had ceded all the lands in controversy between the sea and flow of the tide, in virtue of which they became the property of the crown and passed to Spain by the treaty of 1783.
The fifth article of the treaty of Picolata, made to prevent encroachments on the lands or hunting grounds of the Creeks, stipulates that the boundary of the province of East Florida "shall be all the sea coast as far as the tide flows, in the manner settled with the great Tomachiches by the English," with all the country particularly described therein, which they grant and confirm to the king.
As this refers to a treaty or compact made with this chief, its meaning must be sought in it, and unless something can be found there which will make the expression more definite than the general terms "all the sea coast as far as the tide flows," it will require great latitude of construction, as to an Indian
cession, to extend itfrom the St Mary's around the peninsula of Florida to the mouth of the Appalachicola. The tract of country ceded lies on the sea coast, east of a point formed by a line run from the source of the St John's, which isits southern boundary, the western boundary is a line run from the junction of the Ocklawaugh with the St John's northwardly to the St Mary's, nearly parallel to the sea coast, at an average distance of about thirty miles west. It would be stretching the meaning of this treaty very far, to embrace within it an extent of sea coast and contiguous land within the flow of the tide to its whole extent, when the extent of the lands ceded west of a line from the mouth of the Ocklawaugh to

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
the sea was so small. Before we could do it, it must appear to have been so previously settled between the English and Tomachiches, as is referred to in the treaty of Picolata. From the account given in M'Call's history of Georgia, the treaty with Tomachiches was held in 1733, and the cession of the sea coast was only between the Altamaha and Savannah, extending west to the extremity of the tide water. (1 M'Call's Hist. 37 )
As this is the act referred to, it must be taken in connexion with the subsequent treaty to make it certain by the reference, (6 Peters 739) which entirely removes the objection, and shows the cessions of the sea coast to be confined to that part which is between the St Mary's and St John's rivers.
The report of the surveyor-general in 1817, is very full on the subject of the boundaries between the British government and the Indians in East and 'West Florida. (Record 184194.) He says, "with regard to East Florida, I have never been able to discover that there has ever been any treaty or agreement with the natives of that province concerning the limits of their possession, nor in that of the Spanish authority." As the surveyor-general had referred to the treaty of Picolata in his report, it is clear that it was construed by the Spanish government as it now is by this court.
We now come to consider the nature and extent of the Indian title to these lands.
As Florida was for twenty years under the dominion of Great Britain, the laws of that country were in force as the rule by which lands were held and sold, it will be necessary to examine what they were as applicable to the British provinces before the acquisition of the Floridas by the treaty of peace in 1763. One uniform rule seems to have prevailed from their first settlement, as appears by their laws, that friendly Indians were protected in the possession of the lands they occupied, and were considered as owning them by a perpetual right of possession in the tribe or nation inhabiting them, as their common property, from generation to generation, not as the right of the individuals located on particular spots.
Subject to this right of possession, the ultimate fee was in the crown and its grantees, which could be granted by the
VOL. iX.-4 T

SUPREME COURT.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.J
crown or colonial legislatures while the lands remained In possession of the Indians, though possession could not be taken without their consent.
Individuals could not purchase Indian lands without permission or license from the crown, colonial governors, or according to the rules prescribed by colonial laws, but such purchases were valid with such license, or in conformity with the local laws, and by this union of the perpetual right of occupancy with the ultimate fee, which passed from the crown by the license, the title of the purchaser became complete.
Indian possession or occupation was considered with reference to their habits and modes of life, their hunting grounds were as much in their actual possession as the cleared fields of the whites, and their rights to its exclusive enjoyment in their own way and for their own purposes were as much respected, until they abandoned them, made a cession to the government, or an authorized sale to individuals. In either case their right became extinct, the lands could be granted disincumbered of the right of occupancy, or enjoyed in fall dominion by the purchasers from the Indians. Such was the tenure of Indian lands by the laws of Massachusetts (Indian Laws 9, 10, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 21), in Connecticut (40, 41, 42), Rhode Island (52, 55), New Hampshire (60), New York (62, 64, 71, 85, 102), New Jersey (133), Pennsylvania (138), Maryland (141, 143, 144, 145), Virginia (147, 148, 150, 153, 154), North Carolina (163, 4, 58), South Carolina (178, 179), Georgia (186 187), by congress, (Appendix 16), by their respective laws, and the decisions of courts in their construction. (See cases collected in 2 Johnson's Dig. 15, tit. Indians, and Wharton's Dig. tit. Land, &c. 488.) Such, too, was the view taken by this court of Indian rights in the case of Johnson v. M'Intosh (8 Wheat. 571, 604), which has received universal assent.
The merits of this case do not make it necessary to inquire whether the Indians within the United States had any other rights of soil or jurisdiction, it is enough to consider it as a' settled principle, that their right of occupancy is considered as sacred as the fee simple of the whites. (5 Peters 48.) The principles which had been established in the colonies were adopted by the king n the proclamation of October 1763, and applied to the provinces acquired by the treaty of peace and

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
the crown lands in the royal provinces, now composing the United States, as the law which should govern the enjoyment and transmission of Indian and vacant lands. After providing for the government of the acquired provinces, (1 Laws U. S. 443-444) it authorises the governors of Quebec, East and West Florida, to make grants of such lands as the king had power to dispose of, upon such terms as have been usual in other colonies, and such other conditions as the crown might deem necessary and expedient, without any other restriction. It also authorised warrants to be issued by the governors for military and naval services rendered in the then late war. It reserved to the Indians the possession of their lands and hunting grounds, and prohibited the granting any warrant of survey, or patent for any lands west of the heads of the Atlantic waters, or which, not having been ceded or purchased by the crown, were reserved to the Indians, and prohibited all purchases from them without its special license. The warrants issued pursuant to this proclamation for lands then within the Indian boundary, before the treaty of Fort Stanwick's in 1768, have been held to pass the title to the lands surveyed on them, in opposition to a Pennsylvania patent afterwards issued. (Sims v. Irvine, 3 Dallas 427-456.) And all titles held under the charter or license of the crown to purchase from the Indians have been held good, and such power has never been denied, the right of the crown to grant being complete, this proclamation had the effect of a law in relation to such purchases, so it has been considered by this court. (8 Wheat. 595-604.) Settlements made by permission of the commanding officers of posts on lands not ceded by the Indians, have been held to give a pre-emption to lands in a proprietary government, and warrants and patents for such lands have been uniformly held good, when knowingly made by the proprietary or his officers as lands not purchased from the Indians. (See Wharton's Dig. tit. Lands 488.) This proclamation also directed that purchases from Indians should be made at a public council or assembly, in the presence of the governor or commander-inchief of the colony, and be purchased for the king and in his name. (1 Laws 447.)
The Indian deeds made at the treaty of Fort Stanwick's were to the king in trust for the grantees. (Colony Titles 82-98.)

SUPREME COURT
rMitehel and others v. The United States.]
Grants made by the Indians at public councils have since been made directly to the purchasers or to the state in which the land lies, in trust for them, or with directions to convey to them, of which there are many instances of large tracts so sold and held, especially in New York. (Indian Treaties 1338.)
It was an universal rule that purchases made at Indian treaties,in the presence and with the approbation of the officer under whose direction they were held by the authority of the crown, gave a valid title to the lands, it prevailed under the laws of the states after the revolution, and yet continues in those where the right to the ultimate fee is owned by the states or their grantees. It has been adopted by the United States, and purchases made at treaties held by their authority have been always held good by the ratification of the treaty, without any patent to the purchasers from the United States. This rule in the colonies was founded on a settled rule of the law of England, that by his prerogative the king was the universal occupant of all vacant land in his dominions, and had the right to grant it at his pleasure, or by his authorised officers. (Hob. 322, Co. Litt. 1, 41, b, 4 Bac. Abr., Prerog. 153, 7 Day's Com. Dig. 76.)
The authority of the proclamation is in the right of the king to legislate over a conquered country, which, as lord Mansfield says, was never denied in Westminster Hall, or questioned in parliament. If a king comes to a country by conquest, he may alter its laws, but if he comes to it by title fnd descent, it must be with consent of parliament. He is entrusted with making the treaty of peace, he may yield up the conquest or retain it on what terms he pleases. These powers no man ever disputed, neither has it hitherto been controverted that the king might change part or the whole of the law or political form of government of a conquered dominion. He comes m place of the king of Spam, the former sovereign. (Cowper 204, 213), in a case arising under this proclamation.) The proclamation of October 1763, then, must be taken to be the law of the Floridas till their cession by Great Britain to Spain in 1783, superseding during that period the laws of Spain which had been before in force in those provinces, so far as they were repugnant, and according to the established principles of the

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
laws of nations, the laws of a conquered or ceded country remain in force till altered by the pew sovereign. The inhabitants thereof also retain all rights not taken from them by him in right of conquest, cession, or by new laws. It is clear then that the Indians of Florida had a right to the enjoyment of the lands and hunting grounds reserved and secured to them by this proclamation, and by such tenure and on such conditions as to alienation as it prescribed, or such as the king might afterwards direct or authorise. The Indians had also a right to the full enjoyment of such rights of property as the king might choose to impart to them by any regulation, by treaty or promise made to them by his authority.
By the treaty of Mobile in 1765 the boundary of the lands or hunting grounds reserved and claimed by the Chickasaw and Choctaw Indians was settled, a cession was made to the king, reserving to themselves full right and property in all the lands northward of such boundary. (Record 309.)
The treaty of Pensacola in the same year established the boundary with the upper and lower Creeks, who made a cession of lands, which they granted and confirmed to the king, (Record 310, 311) and a similar treaty was made with the Creeks at Picolata, in east Florida, in the same year. (Record 312.)
By thus holding treaties with these Indians, accepting of cessions from them with reservations, and establishing boundaries with them, the king waived all rights accruing by conquest or cession, and thus most solemnly acknowledged that the Indians had rights of property which they could cede or reserve, and that the boundaries of his territorial and propnietary rights should be such, and such only as were stipulated by these treaties.
This brings into practical operation another principle of law settled and declared in the case of Campbell v. Hall, that the proclamation of 1763, which was the law of the provinces ceded by the treaty of 1763, was binding on the king himself, and that a right or exemption once granted by one proclamation could not be annulled by a subsequent. (Cowp. 213.) It cannot be necessary to inquire whether rights secured by a treaty approved by the king are less than sacred under his voluntary proclamation.

SUPREME COURT.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
By the treaty of Augusta in 1773, a cession was made to the king of certain lands for a specified consideration, which was to be paid to persons to whom the Cherokees and Creeks were indebted, and to defray the expenses of the treaty. This cession was made under an asserted claim of a right of property by the Creeks to the ceded lands, and a boundary was established between their remaining lands and those of the king in Georgia. (Record 3183-317.) By a subsequent treaty at Augusta in 1783, and at Shoulderbone in 1786, the obligation of the Indians to pay their debts is mutually recognized. (Record 317 ) By the treaty of Fort Schuyler in 1788, the obligation of the Indians to make compensation for injuries committed by them, is also admitted, as is also the case in treaties with the United States. (1 Laws 371, 407, 409, 410.) It may then be considered as a principle established by the king that the Indians were competent judges of the consideration on which they granted their lands; that they might be granted for the payment of debts, and that this principle has been fully recognized by the United States. It can hardly be contended that while such cessions by the Creeks were valid in Georgia on one side of a then imaginary line, they would be void on the other side in Florida, as to lands held under the same law and by the same tenure. Whether the grants were made to the king directly, and the debts or injuries which formed their consideration be paid by him to the persons to whom they were due, or -compensation made through him, or directly to the parties by a grant to them, must be a matter purely in the discretion of the king, or the officer whom he had authorised to accept or confirm the cessions by his license. Such were the relations between the Indians and Great Britain as established by the proclamation of 1763, and confirmed by subsequent treaties between them 'from 1765 to 1779, (Record 186, 188) during the period of her dominion over the Flondas. This liberality and kindness to them, with respect for their rights of property in their lands or hunting grounds, would seem to have arisen more from a sense of justice than motives of mere policy, when we consider the position of Great Britain between the treaty of 1763 and the commencement of the revolution. The undisputed sovereign of the whole territory from the Gulf of Mexico to that

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.J
of St Lawrence, she had little to fear from the rival or hostile policy of Spain, the only neighbour to her colonies, and who had been humbled during the preceding war, and weakened to such a degree that she was no longer formidable in Louisiana. It was far different with Spain. On taking possession of the Floridas, after the independence of the United States had been established, with such a formidable, and rival, if not hostile neighbour along the whole line of a narrow and weak province, the friendship of the Indians was a most important consideration. It would have been lost by adopting towards them a less liberal, just, or kind policy than had been pursued by Great Britain, or acting according to the laws of the Indies in force in Mexico and Peru. It was soon found necessary not only to respect their rights, as they had been enjoyed for twenty years before, but to place them on the permanent foundation of treaties and direct guarantees by the king. The most solemn assurances of both were given. (Record 232.)
A treaty was accordingly held in Pensacola in 1784 with the Tallapoosas or Seminoles, the object of which was declared to be to make the subjects of the king enjoy the fruits of peace, by which the Indians acknowledge themselves his subjects, promising to obey the laws in those points which were compatible with their character and circumstances, conforming themselves to the usages and municipal customs which are established (Record 320), observing their contracts with the traders in good faith (Record 323), and promising to observe "those orders exacted by reason, equity and justice, the principal basis of this congress." By the thirteenth article, the officers of the crown promised in the royal name, the security and guarantee of the lands which the Indians hold, according to the right of property with which they possessed them, on the sole condition that they are comprehended within the limits
of the king as the sovereign. (Record 324, 404, 405, 364.) In 1793 another treaty was held at the Walnut Hills with the
same Indians (among others), it was declared to be a treaty of friendship and warranty between them and the king, who was declared their immediate protector and mediator between them and the American states, in order to regulate their boundaries with them, and preserve the Indians in the possession of their lands. They were referred to the governor of West Florida, "as

SUPREME COURT.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
representing the Icing in it," by the fifth article, with a stipulation in the fifteenth, that the points negotiated would be determined on by the commissaries of the king, with the approbation of the governor of that province, with the same force as if expressed in the treaty By the nineteenth article, the Spanish and Indian nations approved and ratified all which was contained it, and mutually promised and swore a mutual guarantee, the Indians declaring themselves under the protection of the king, he assuring them of his protection in all cases where they wanted it. (Record 240-245.) This treaty also ratified all former treaties made from 1784. (Record 241.) They were also approved by the king (Record 117, 118), and thereafter considered by the highest officers of the government in Florida, Louisiana and Cuba, as solemn guarantees to the Indians of all the rights they held under Great Britain. (Record 139, 140, 168, 174, 181-189, 228, 229, 232-247, 257, 258, 295, 570, 583.) This right was occupancy and perpetual possession, either by cultivation, or as hunting grounds, which-was held sacred by th6 crown, the colonies, the states and the United States; whilethe unauthorized settlement of the whites, on royal or proprietary lands, gave them not even the right of pre-emption, unless by special laws, or custom and usage, sanctioned by proprietary officers. (See Wharton's Dig. ut
supra.)
But Spain did not consider the Indian right to be that of mere occupancy and perpetual possession, but a right of property in the lands they held under the guarantee of treaties, which were so highly respected, that in the establishment of a military post by a royal order, the site thereof was either purchased from the Indians or occupied with their permission, as that of St Mark's. The evidence of governor Folch, given in 1827, -on the nature of the Indian title, is very strong and full (Record 231-235), and the high respect paid to it by all the local authorities so late as 1816, is strikingly illustrated in a report of the surveyor-general of West Florida. It seems that in that year an application was made for permission to buy lands on the other side of the Bay of Pensacola, to which the reply of the governor and sub-intendant was, if the lands are situated on the side from Yellow Water hitherward, "I am persuaded they belong to the Indians, even our own careemnig

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
groundwhich is znfront of thzs town" (Record 172) which, according to another report from the surveyor-general, belonged by the treaties with England, to the Indians (Record 175), and who refers to the limited space of province left to the government, and the necessity of recurring to negotiations with the Indians to obtain some of the lands, which are the best in the vicinity of Pensacola. (Record 176.)
When their right is thus regarded as to their lands in the immediate vicinity of the seat of government of the province at so late a period, it cannot be doubted, that it was considered by the officers of the king as at least equally valid in a far distant part, remote from any habitation of the whites, save those connected with the house of Panton or Forbes. Although it may be conceded as a principle of national law, that when Spain took possession of these provinces, the king could establish whatever form of government or system of laws he pleased, consider by the law of power, though not of right, the Indians as his subjects or as mere savages, with whom there should be no relations but those of peace and trade, and who held no rights otherwise than at the pleasure of the government, or according to the laws in force in other provinces; yet, it was his orders to his officers to continue and confirm those relations which had previously existed, to consider, treat and protect the Indians as his subjects, and to give them new and most solemn pledges of his protection in all their rights, as individuals, and as nations or tribes, competent parties to treaties of mutual guarantee, for his, as well as their protection in those provinces, which had not before been done in any of his dominions.
This was not done for slight reasons, but for such as would seem in the opinion of all,the great officers of the provinces to have led to these treaties, and strong stipulations, as indispensable to secure their possession. But their obligation on the king did not depend on the motives which led to their adoption, they bound his faith, and when approved by him became the law of the provinces, by the authority of royal orders, which were supreme, and bound both king and Indians as contracting parties, in this respect as nations on a footing of equality of right and power. The consequence was, that when once received into his protection as individuals, they
VOL. ix.-4 u

SUPREME COURT.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
became entitled by the law of nations and of the provinces, on the same footing as the other inhabitants thereof, to the benefits of the law and government, which, in every dominion, equally affect and protect all persons and all property within its limits, as the rule of decision, for all questions which arise there, (Cowper 208) as in this case it must be as to the right of property in the Indians. The situation of the Florida Indians was well known to the United States, as is most clearly indicated in the fifth article of the treaty with Spain in 1795 CCso that Spain will not suffer her Indians to attack the citizens, of the United States, nor the Indians inhabiting their teritory." As thus considered by the United States and Spain, they were called "her Indians," while those in the United States were considered as the mere inhabitants of their territory, as the practical result of the respective treaties which were recognized as subsisting ones between the then contracting parties and the Indians, of the stipulations of which and their effect, the United States could not have been otherwise than well informed at that time, as to the right of property in Indian lands in the Floridas. When they acquired these provinces by the treaty of cession, it was not stipulated that any treaty with the Indians should be annulled, or its obligation be held less sacred than it was under Spain, nor is there the least reference to any intended change in the relations of the Indians towards the United States. They came in the place of the former sovereign by compact, on stipulated terms, which bound them to respect all the existing rights of the inhabitants, of whatever description, whom the king had recognized as being under his protection. They could assume no right of conquest which may at any time have been vested in Great Britain or Spain, for they had been solemnly renounced, and new relations established between them by solemn treaties, nor did they take possession on any such assumption of right, on the contrary, it was done under the guarantee of congress to the inhabitants, without distinction, of their rights of property, and with the continued assurance of protection. They might, as the new sovereign, adopt any system of government or laws for the territory consistent with the treaty and the constitution, but instead of doing so, all former laws and munwipal regulations which were in existence at the cession, were con-

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
tinued in force. It was not necessary for the United States, in the treaty of cession, to enter into any new stipulation to protect and maintain the Indians as inhabitants of Florida, in the free enjoyment of their property, or as nations, contracting parties to the treaties of Pensacola and Walnut Hills with Spain in 1784 and 1793, for by the sixth article of the Louisiana treaty between France and the United States, they had promised "to execute such articles and treaties as may have been agreed on between Spain and the nations or tribes of Indians, until by mutual consent, other suitable articles shall have been agreed upon." (ILaws 137.) These were the treaties which guarantied to the Seminole Indians their lands according to the right of property with which they possessed them, and which were adopted by the United States, who thus became the protectors of all the rights they had previously enjoyed, or could of right enjoy under Great Britain or Spain, as individuals or nations, by any treaty to which the United States thus became parties in 1803.
When they acquired and took possession of the Floridas, these treaties remained in force over all the ceded territory by the orders of the king, as the law which regulated the relations between him and all the Indians, who were parties to them, and were binding on the United States, by the obligation they had assumed by the Louisiana treaty, as a supreme law of the land which was inviolable by the power of congress. They were also binding as the fundamental law of Indian rights, acknowledged by royal orders and municipal regulations of the province, as the laws and ordinances of Spain in the ceded provinces, which were declared to continue in force by the proclamation of the governor in taking possession of the provinces, and by the acts of congress, which assured all the inhabitants of protection in their property It would be an unwarranted construction of these treaties, laws, ordinances and municipal regulations, were we to decide that the Indians were not to be maintained in the enjoyment of all the rights which they could have enjoyed under either, had the provinces reinained under the dominion of Spain. It would be rather a perversion of their spirit, meaning and terms, contrary to the injunction of the law under which we act, which makes the stipulations of any treaty, the laws and ordinances of Spain,

SUPREME COURT.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
and these acts of congress, so far as either apply to this case, the standard rules for our decision.
On these consideratiois, we are clearly of opinion that the Indians who claimed the lands in question had, under the government of Great Britain and Spain, a right of property in them which could not be impaired without a violation of the laws of both, and the sanctity of repeated treaties, that these rights continued till the time of the cession, are guarantied by the treaty and acts of congress in relation to the Floridas, in perfect conformity with its stipulations and faith, unless the Indians had previously made a binding transfer to the parties under whom the petitioner claims them.
The remaining question is, whether he has become invested with the right of the Indians, either in virtue of their deeds, or by the grant of the lawful authorities of the king, pursuant to the laws, usages and customs of the Spanish government of the province. The proclamation of 1763 was undoubtedly the law of the province till 1783, it gave direct authority to the governors of Florida to grant crown lands subject only to such conditions and restrictions as they or the king might prescribe. These lands were of two descriptions such as had been ceded to the king by the Indians, in which he had full property and dominion, and passed in full property to the grantee, and those reserved and secured to the Indians, in which their right was perpetual possession, and his the ultimate reversion in fee, which passed by the grant subject to the possessory right. The proclamation also authorized the union of these rights by a purchase from the Indians, and taking possession with the leave and license of the crown in favour of an individual, or by the governor at an Indian council, for and in the name of the king. This proclamation was also the law of all the North American colonies in relation to crown lands. The grants of the governors were universally considered as made by the king through his authorized representatives, and when his authority to grant those lands of the crown, the right to which was perfect by the union of the rights of possession with the reversion, it is scarcely possible that their authority would be more limited as to those in which the king had only a remote ultimate fee. As a matter of policy, it was for the benefit of the kingand colony to substitute the possession, settlement and culti-

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
vation of the whites for the mere occupancy of the Indians in the pursuit of game, and it cannot be imagined, without clear proof, that the autograph of the king, or his order in council, should be indispensable for a license or permission to purchase, when a patent was valid without either. There is no evidence in the record or in the history of the colonies that such a distinction existed in law or usage, but is in direct collision with all the colonial laws relating to purchases from the Indians, as well as the course pursued at treaties, when deeds were made to purchasers with the consent of the governor, or to the king, state, or United States, for their use, or in trust to convey to them. There is no evidence or reason to induce the belief that Spain acted in any other manner in the confirmation of Indian deeds, the usage of her local governors and commandants of posts in such confirmation, is in precise conformity to that of the other colonial officers under Great Britain, and was also in conformity to the existing laws of Spain. (Record 329.) From the confirmation of the Houma grant in 1777 by the governorgeneral of Louisiana to that of the captain-general of Cuba of this, in 1811, during forty years, no instance appears of a direct confirmation by the king, or of his ever having required any other act than the approbation of the local governor to give perfect validity to the purchase.
Independently of these considerations there is another, founded on the treaty at the Walnut Hills, with the Creek and Tallapoosa Indians, held by the then governor of West Florida, under the authority of the governor-generalof Louisiana. The governor of that province is in the fifth article declared to be "as representing the king in it." Such a stipulation in a treaty of friendship and warranty would bind the king in good faith not to disavow his acts declared to be done in the royal name and authority It would be an imputation on his faith to his acknowledged subjects, plighted by repeated guarantees, to suppose that he intended by the treaty of cession to exclude from confirmation, those lands which his white subjects had purchased from the Indians under the sanction of treaties, with the approbation and formal confirmation of his highest officers, and to confirm only those grants of the royal domain, which had been made at the mere will of his governors, for such consideration only as they might prescribe. If there could be any

SUPREME COURT.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
foundation for such an imputation in any case, the history, terms and consideration for the present grants would at once repel it, and whenwe consider, that the United States accepted of the cession with a knowledge that they had been made, as well as the circumstances under which they were made, connected with the quantity of land embraced within them, without excepting them from confirmation, we can have little doubt that it was the meaning and intention of both contracting parties to the treaty, to place them on the same footing as the grants of lands belonging to the royal domain.
There is nothing in the treaty which authorizes a distinction between such grants, which operate by their own force as a transfer of the full property in royal lands, held by the crown under cessions from the Indians, or deeds of confirmation, which give validity to grants conveying the Indian right, in confirming the transfer by the license of the king in the person of his representative.
The governor was equally the lawful authority of the king for the one purpose as the other . though he had, by his royal order, transferred the power to grant royal lands, from the governor to the intendant, he had not affected the authority of the former, to confirm grants made by the Indians in such form as to validate the title conveyed. Whether this act of the governor operated by way of confirmation or grant is immaterial, it gave such effect to the purchase, that the lands became the property of the purchaser, so that they could not revert to the crown by the abandonment of the Indians, or any judicial process known to the law of England or Spain, which in substance and effect were the same. When we look, too, to the very remote contingent interest which the king could have to these lands, consistently with his guarantee to the Indians, there can be no reason perceived why deeds or grants, operating to confirm in full property to the purchasers from the Indians, lands thus guarantied to them, should not be held in a court of equity as valid as original grants of the royal domain.
The Indian right to the lands as property, was not merely of possession, that of alienation was concomitant, both were equally secured, protected, and guarantied by Great Britain and Spain, subject only to ratification and confirmation by the license, charter, or deed from the governor representing the

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
king. Such purchases enabled the Indians to pay their debts, compensate for their depredations on the traders resident among them, to provide for their wants; while they were available to the purchasers as payment of the considerations which at their expense had been received by the Indians. It would have been a violation of the faith of the government to both, to encourage traders to settle in the province, to put themselves and property in the power of the Indians, to suffer the latter to contract debts, and when willing to pay them by the only means in their power, a cession of their lands, withhold an assent to the purchase, which by their laws or municipal regulations was necessary to vest a title. Such a. course was never adopted by Great Britain in any of her colonies, nor by Spain in Louisiana or Florida of this fact there is abundant proof in the record, by public documents, and the testimony of the highest officers of the local government, the laws, usages and customs of which were well known to the United States before the treaty. The report of the commissioners on Opelousas dlaims was submitted to the secretary of the treasury in 1815, acted on and approved by congress in 1816, in which report the commissioners state "that the right of the Indians to sell their land was always recognised by the Spanish government. (Record 328.) The laws made it necessary when the Indians sold their lands to have the deeds presented to the governor for confirmation. (Record 329.) The sales by the Indians transferred the kind of right which they possessed, the ratification of the sale by the governor must be regarded as a relinquishment of the title of the crown to the purchaser (Record 333), and no instance is known where permission to sell has been "refused (Record 330), or the rejection of an Indian sale" (Record 336).
In the present case the Indian sale has been confirmed with more than usual solemnity and publicity, it has been done at a public council and convention of the Indians conformably to treaties, to which the king was a party, and which the United States adopted, and the grant was known to both parties to the treaty of cession. The United States were not deceived by the purchase, which they knew was subject to the claim of the petitioner, or those from whom he purchased, and made no stipulation which should put it to a severer test than

SUPREME COURT.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
any other, and it was made to a house which, in consideration of its great and continued services to the king and his predecessor, had deservedly given them high claims as well on his justice as his faith. But if there could be a doubt that the evidence in the record did not establish the fact of a royal license or assent to this purchase as a matter of specific and judicial belief, it would be presumed as a matter of law arising from the facts and circumstances of the case, which are admitted or unquestioned.
As heretofore decided by this court, the law presumes the existence in the provinces of an officer authorized to make valid grants (6 Peters 728, 8 Peters 459), a fortiori, to give license to purchase and to confirm, and the treaty designates the governor of West Florida as the proper officer to make grants of Indian lands by confirmation as plainly as it does the governor of East Florida to make original grants (8 Peters 452), or the intendant of West Florida to grant royal lands. A direct grant from the crown of lands in a royal haven may be presumed on an uninterrupted possession of sixty years (2 Anst. 614, 1 Dow. Par. Ca. 322, 323), or a prescriptive possession of crown lands for forty years (3 Dow Par. Ca. 112). An encroachment on a royal forest by a continued possession of twenty years will be presumed to have been by the license of the crown or by a grant, if no act of parliament prohibits it. (11 East 57, 284, 488, 495.) On the same principle, after a long possession of Indian lands the law would presume that it was founded on an Indian deed duly confirmed, or any title consistent with the facts and circumstances in evidence. (1 Paine 469, 470.) Any thing which would make the ancient appropriation good (Cowper 110), if it could have had a lawful foundation, for whatever may commence by grant is good by prescription. (1 Roll. Ab. 512, 4 Mod. 55, 1 Saund. 345.) The length of time which brings a given case within the legal presumption of a grant, charter, or license, to validate a right long enjoyed, is not definite, depending on its peculiar circumstances, in this case we think it might be presumed in less time than when the party rested his claim on prescriptive possession alone. There is every evidence, short of the sign manual or order of the king, approving and confirming this grant, and if that were wanting to secure

JANUARY TERM 1835.

I

[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]

a right of property to lands which have been held as these have been, the law would presume that it once existed, but was lost in the lapse of time and change of governments. The more especially as by the laws of Spain prescription for the period of ten years has the same effect as twenty by the principles of the common law
For these reasons we think the title of the petitioner is valid by all the rules prescribed by the acts of congress, which give usjurisdiction of the case.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the superior court for the middle district of Florida, and was argued by counsel on full consideration whereof, this court is unanimously of opinion, that the title of the petitioner to so much of the lands in controversy as is embraced within the lines and boundaries of the tract granted by the deeds, grants and acts of confirmation to Panton, Leslie &
Co. in 1804 and 1806, also to the island in the river Appalachicola, ceded, granted and confirmed to John Forbes in 1811, also to the lands and islands at and west of the mouth of said river, which were ceded, granted and confirmed to John Forbes & Co. in 1811, is valid by the law of nations, the treaty between the United States and Spain, by which the territory of the Floridas was ceded to the former; the laws and ordinances of Spain, under whose government the title originated, the proceedings under said treaty, and the acts of congress relating thereto and do finally order, decree, determine and adjudge accordingly. And this court doth in like manner order, adjudge, determine and decree, that the title of the petitioner to so much of the tract of land which lies east of the first mentioned tract, between the rivers Wakulla and St Mark's, which was conveyed to John Forbes & Co. in 1811, as shall not be included in the exception hereinafter made, is valid by the laws, treaty, and proceedings as aforesaid, with the exception of so much of the last mentioned tract as includes the fortress of St Marks and the territory directly and immediately adjacent and appurtenant thereto, which are hereby reserved for the use of the United States. And it is further ordered and decreed, that the territory thus described shall be
VOL. ix.-4 v

SUPREME COURT.
[Alitchel and others v. The United States.]
that which was ceded by the Indian proprietors to the crown of Spain for the purpose of erecting the said fort, provided the boundaries of the said cession can be ascertained. If the boundaries of the said cession cannot now be ascertained, then the adjacent lands which were considered and held by the - Spanish government or the commandant of the post as annexed to the fortress for military purposes, shall be still considered as annexed to it, and reserved with it for the use of the United States. If no evidence can now be obtained to designate the extent of the adjacent lands, which were considered as annexed o to St Mark's as aforesaid, then so much land shall be comprehended in this exception as, according to the military usage, was generally attached to forts in Florida or the adjacent colonies. If no such military usage can be proved, then it is ordered and decreed that a line shall be extended from the point of junction between the rivers St Mark's and Wakulla to the middle of the river St Mark's, below the junction, thence extending up the middle of each river three miles in a direct line, without computing the courses thereof, and that the territory comprehended within a direct line, to be run so as to connect the points of termination on each aver, at the end of the said three miles up each river, and the two lines to be run as aforesaid, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be, the territory reserved as adjacent and appurtenant to the fortress of St Mark's, and as such reserved for the use of the United States. To which the claim of the petitioner is rejected, and as to which this court decree that the same is a part of the public lands of the United States.
The decree of the court below is, therefore, reversed and annulled in all matters and things therein contained, with the exception aforesaid, and this court, proceeding to render such decree as the said court ought to have rendered, do order, adjudge and decree, that the claim of the petitioner is valid and ought to be confirmed, and is and remains confirmed by the treaty, laws and proceedings aforesaid, to all the lands embraced therein, except such part as is- herein above excepted. And this court does further order, adjudge and decree, that the clerk of this court certify the same to the surveyor-general of Florida, pursuant to law, with directions to survey and lay off the lands described in the petition of the claimant, according

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Mitchel and others v. The United States.]
to the lines, boundaries and description thereof in the several deeds of cession, grant and confirmation by the Indians or governor of West Florida filed as exhibits in this cause, or referred to in the record thereof, excepting nevertheless such part of the tract granted in 1811, lying east of the tract granted in 1804 and 1806 as is hereby declared to be the territory of the United States, pursuant to the exception herein before mentioned, and to make return thereof according to law as to all the lands comprehended in the three first herein mentioned tracts. And as to the tract last herein mentioned, to survey and in like manner to lay off the same, so soon as the extent of the land herein excepted and reserved for the use of the United States shall be ascertained in the manner herein before directed.
And this court doth further order, adjudge and direct, that the extent and boundaries of the land thus excepted and reserved shall be ascertained and determined by the superior court of the middle district of Florida in such manner and by such process as is prescribed by the acts of congress relating to the claims of lands in Florida, and to render thereupon such judgment or decree as to law shall appertain.

JANUARY TERM 1835.
HENRY BEARD, WILLIAm A. BEARD, LEWIS HAWKINS AND
MARY HIS WIFE V. JOHN ROWAN.
Kentucky. The clauses in the will of John Campbell, under which the land in controversy was claimed, were as follows "and if within that time, my said half brother, Allen Campbell, shall become a citizen of the United States, or be otherwise qualified by law to take and hold real estate within the same, I then direct that my said trustees, or the survivor or survivors of them, shall convey to my said half brother Allen Campbell, his heirs or assigns, in fee simple, all the land herein before described in this devise. But if my said half brother shall not, within the time aforesaid, become a citizen as aforesaid, I then direct that my said trustees, or the survivor or survivors of them, shall sell and dispose of the said land, hereby directed to be conveyed to him, on two years credit, with interest from the date to be paid annually, and the money and interest arising from such sale to be transmitted to my said half brother, to whom I give and bequeath the same. But should my said half brother become a citizen of the United States, or be otherwise qualified to hold real estate within the same, before his death, it is then my will and desire that he shall have the sole and absolute disposal of all the estate herein before devised or bequeathed to him, notwithstanding he may not have obtained deeds therefor from my said trustees." The testator died in October 1799.
Allen Campbell, a native of Ireland, came -to the state of Kentucky in December 1799; and continued to reside therein until September 1804, when he died.
On the 18th of December 1800, the legislature of Kentucky passed alaw, reciting- that by the laws then in force aliens could not hold lands therein, and it is considered the interest of the state that such prohibition should be done away. It then provides that any alien, other than alien enemies, who shall have actually resided within the commonwealth two years, shall during the continuance of his residence therein after that period, be enabled to hold, receive and pass any right, title or interest to any lands or other estate, in the same manner, and under the same regulations as the citizens of the state. It was held that the full effect and benefit of this act, and the clear intention of the legislature requires a construction which gives to it a prospecive as well as a retrospectire application, and under this construction, Allen Campbell became qualified to take and hold the title to the land in question, as if he had been a citizen of the state. The devise to Allen Campbell was a good executory devise, depending on the contingency of his becoming a citizen of the United States, or being otherwise qualified to hold real estate. Tis contingency was not too remote. It must necessarily, not only from the nature of the contingency, but by express limitation in the devise, happen in the lifetime of the devisee, if ever; and upon the happening of this contingency, there can be no doubt but the devisee took an estate in fee.

SUPREME COURT.

[Beard and others v. Rowan.]

IN error to the circuit court of the United States, for the

Kentucky district.

John Campbell, a native of Ireland, who emigrated to the

state of Virginia, before the revolutionary war, and continued

to reside in Kentucky until his decease, which took place in

October 1799, was the owner of a tract of land situate above

and below the mouth of Bear Grass creek, on the Ohio, com-

prising the land on which, by an act of the legislature of Vir-

ginia, the city of Louisville Was laid out. Upon the erection of

a part of Virginia into a separate state, these premises become

a-part of the state of Kentucky.

At the time of the making of his last will and testament,

25th of July 1786,John Campbell, who was never married, had

a brother of the whole blood, Robert Campbell, also a citizen

of the state of Virginia, a father, a half brother, named Allen

Campbell, and a sister of the whole blood, named Sarah Beard,

who was a widow and had children. His father, half brother

and sister were natives of Ireland, and subjects of the king of

Great Britain and Ireland in 1786. The father of John Camp-

bell died before him. By his will, which was duly proved and

recorded on the 13th of January 1800, John Campbell devised

his estate both real and personal, to James Milligan, William

Elliot, and Phillip Ross, and the survivor and survivors of them,

in trust for the uses and purposes stated in the will.

The provisions of the will of John Campbell, out of which

the controversy between the parties to this case arose, were

the following

"I do further direct that after the decease of my said father, all

the profits of my lands within five miles of the mouth of Bear

Grass, shall be annualy paid, to the guardian ot my said half

brother, Allen Campbell, dunng his minority, to be applied to

his education and maintenance, if so much be required there-

for, if not, then the overplus to be laid out on interest by my

said trustees, till my said half brother shall arrive at the age of

twenty-one years or marry, but upon either of the said contin-

gencies happening, the aforesaid profits shall then and thence-

forth be paid to my said half brother, for and during the term

of five

, and if within that time my said half brother

shall become a citizen of the United States, or be otherwise

qualified by law to take and hold real estate within the same,

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Beard and others v. Rowan.)
I then direct that my said trustees, or the survivors or survivor of them, shall convey to him, my said half brother Allen Campbell, kis heirs or assigns, in fee simple, all the lands hereinbefore described in this devise , but if my said half brother shall not within the time aforesaid become a citizen as aforesaid, I then direct that my said trustees, or the survivors or survivor of them, shall sell and dispose of the aforesaid lands hereby directed to be conveyed to him on two years' credit, with interest from the date, to be paid annually, and the money and interest arising from such sale to be transmitted to my said half brother, to whom I give and bequeath the same. It is my further will and desire that, in case my said half brother shall die before the expiration of the aforesaid term of five years, after his arrival at the age of twenty-one years, the land intended by the next preceding clause to be devised to him, shall be sold by my said trustees on two years' credit, and the money arising from such sale, when received, shall be transmitted to the guardians of the children which my said half brother may leave, to be by the said guardians lent out on interest, and an equal division shall be made thereof amongst them, but should my said half brother become a citizen of the United States of America, or be otherwise qualified to hold real estate within the same before his death, it is then my will and desire that he shall have the sole and absolute disposal of all the estate hereinbefore devised and bequeathed to him, notwithstanding he may not have obtained deeds therefor, from my said trustees. It is my further will and desire that, in case my said half brother shall die before he shall become qualified to hold real estate as aforesaid, and without children or a child, my said trustees shall make sale of the lands hereby directed to be conveyed to him, as is before directed, on two years' credit, and that the money arising by sale be appropriated to the use of my said sister, Saral Beard, and all the children which she hath, or may hereafter have, to be lent out on interest, as is directed in the several devises, bequests and limitations hereinbefore made to them, the interest and principal to be transmitted, and their proportions thereof respectively to be the same, and subject to the same rules, limitations and conditions as are directed and prescribed in the cases of the other before mentioned devises and bequests to my said sister and her children.

SUPREME COURT.
[Beard and others v. Rowan.]
"And whereas I conceive ittobe greatly to the interest of the several devisees herein before mentioned, to become citizens of America, and take possession of such parts of my estate as are hereby intended 'or them, respectively, instead of selling the same, and receiving the consideration thereof, I do therefore direct that all and every such devisee shall have a right to receive their respective proportions of whatever lands may be undisposed of at the time of their becoming qualified to take and hold the same, and that my said trustees, or the survivors or survivor of them, shall make fair and equitable divisions accordingly, and convey to them their respective proportions as aforesaid, and should my said sister come over to America before that part of my lands hereby intended for her and her children shall be disposed of by my trustees, I then direct that the same shall not be sold, but that the profits thereof shall be annually appropriated to the use of her and her children as aforesaid, until her children shall come of age, or marry, but that whenever any one of them shall arrive at the age of twenty-one, or marry, his or her proportion of such land shall be conveyed by my said trustees, or the survivors or survivor of them, in fee simple, provided such child shall be capable of holding the same. I hereby direct that upon all sales, which shall be made of any part of the property herein directed to be sold, good landed security shall be taken for the payment of the purchase money in specie. I do declare, that it is my will and desire that no part of my estate, of any kind, shall go to my brother R. C., in any manner whatever, and as unforeseen events may happen which may make it prudent to delay making the sales herein directed to be made, 1 do therefore authorize my said trustees, or the survivors or survivor, to use their or his discretion therein so as to guard against such inconvenienees and losses, as there may be danger of the estate suffering by precipitating the sales. I also authorize them or him to alter the times of credit upon such sales, should it be found to the interest of,the estate so to do.
"I do hereby revoke all former and other wills by me made. "In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand, and affixed my seal, this 25th of July 1786.
"JOHN CAMPBELL, [SEA-L].

JANUARY TERM 1835.

[Beard and others v. Rowan.]

"Signed, sealed, published, and declared by the testator as

and for his last will and testament, in presence of us, who sub-

scribed our names as witnesses, in his presence, and by his

desire.

HARRY INNIS, T. PERKINS, CHRIST. GREENUP.

"1The executors named in my last will and testament are

James Milligan, as aforementioned, Charles Simms, of the

town of Alexandria, in the county of Fairfax, attorney at law,

Richard Taylor, and

of Jefferson county, Wil-

liam Elliot, of Westmoreland county, and state of Pennsyl-

vania, and Philip Ross, of the county of Washington, in the

same state.

"JOHN CAMPBELL.

"I, John Campbell, have this day erased the name of James Sullivan from the number of my executors, as he has destroyed in my life time the confidence which I would wish to repose in a man that would, in my opinion, be worthy to act for me after my death.
"JOHN CAMPBELL.
"April 5th 1791."

In the circuit court of the district of Kentucky, the plaintiffs in error of sued out a writ of right on the 6th day of January 1830, and an alias writ of right on the 3d day of June 1830, against John Rowan, the defendant in error, and claimed one
hundred acres of the land near the mouth of Bear Grass; Henry A. Beard as a citizen of the state of Ohio, and the other plaintiffs as citizens of Missouri. The defendant in his plea claimed ninety-five acres of the premises in question, and disclaimed as to the residue, put himself on the assize, and prayed recognition to be made, whether he or the plaintiffs, had the greater right to hold the premises so claimed by him.
The cause came on for trial at the November term 1831 of the circuit court, and the following facts were agreed upon to
be used on the trial. "The parties in this cause agree to the following facts, to
wit First. That John Campbell was born in the kingdom of Ireland, that he came to the United States of America prior to the revolutionary war, that he continued to reside in the said
VOL. IX.-2 o

306

SUPREME COURT.

[Beard and others v. Rowan.]
United States, from the time of his migration thereto, until he departed this life in the month of'October 1799, in the county of Fayette, in the state of Kentucky, where he then resided, that on the 25th day of July 1786, he made and duly published his last will and testament. bearing that date, with an indorsement thereon dated the 5th day of April 1791, that said will and indorsement were duly proved and recorded on the 13th day of January 1800, in the county court of the said county of Fayette, and that the said John Campbell was selsed, in fee simple, at the time of his death, of the premises in question in this action, and that he died without ever having been mar-
ried. "Second. That Robert Campbell was born in the kingdom
of Ireland, that he migrated to the United States of America before the revolutionary war between the United States of America apd Great Britain, that he continued to reside therein until his death, which happened in August 1805, near Louisville, in the county of Jefferson, in the state of Kentucky, that he had resided in Kentucky many years before his death, that he was a brother of the whole blood of the said John Campbell, and died intestate, and was never married.
"Third. That Allen Campbell was born in the kingdom of Ireland, and was about twenty-five or twenty-six years of age when' he died, that he migrated to the United States in the year 1796, and resided in the city of Philadelphia until he came to the state of Kentucky, which was in the month of December 1799, that he resided in Kentucky from that time until the 16th day of September 1804, when he departed this life
intestate, and was never married. That he was a half brother on the father's side to the said John and Robert Campbell and Sarah Beard.
"Fourth. That said Sarah Beard was born in the kingdom
of Ireland, and migrated to the state of Kentucky in the year 1800, where she continued to reside until October 1806, when she departed this life, that she was a sister of the whole blood to the said John and Robert Campbell, and sister of the half blood to the said Allen Campbell, on the side of the father, that she was a widow when she came to Kentucky, and continued to be a widow until her death, that at her death she had three surviving children, to wit, William Beard, Joseph Beard and Elizabeth Megowan, all of whom were born in Ire-

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Beard and others v. Rowan ]
land, that the said William Beard came to the United States in the 1790, and was never naturalized, and departed this life in the year 1813, that he was married and had two children, issue of said marriage, at the death of said John Campbell, to wit, Nancy C. Beard and Sarah Beard, who were his only children at that time, that said Nancy C. Beard intermarried with Robert Bywaters, and is still living, and Sarah Beard intermarried with Hankerson Bywaters, and is still living, that the mother of the said Nancy and Sarah departed this life, and the said William Beard married a second time, and had the following issue of said marriage, to wit, William A. Beard, Catharine Beard, Mary Beard, John Beard, Charles Beard and Joseph Beard, all of whom were born since the death of the said John Campbell, that the said Catharine Beard has intermarried with, and is now the wife of Henry H. Shepard, that the said Mary Beard has intermarried with, and is now the wife of Lewis Hawkins, that the said Charles Beard departed this life in March 1831, an infant and childless, that the said John, Charles and Joseph Beard were born since the death of the said Sarah Beard, that the said Joseph Beard and Elizabeth Megowan, children of the said Sarah Beard, came with her to Kentucky, and are still living, that the following aie the children of the said last named Joseph Beard, to wit, Henry Beard, Ann Daley wife of Lawrence Daley, Isabella M'Lear wife of Charles M'Lear, Sarah M'Lear wife of Francis M'Lear, and Joseph Beard, Jun.
"Fifth. That the said John Campbell, Robert Campbell, Allen Campbell and Sarah Beard, were the only surviving children of Allen Campbell the elder, who departed this life in Ireland before the said John Campbell.
"Sixth. That Charles Simms and Richard Taylor survived the other trustees and executors of John Campbell, that said
Simms departed this life in the District of Columbia, about the year 1825 or 1826, never having been in the state of Kentucky; that neither of the other trustees, except Taylor and Sullivan, were ever in the state of Kentucky after the death of said John Campbell, that said Taylor resided therein at the death of Campbell, and so continued until his death, which happened in the year 1828 or 1829, and that said Taylor alone qialifled as executor of said John Campbell, in Kentucky

SUPREME COURT.
[Beard'and others v. Rowan.]
"Seventh. That the said defendants were possessed of the premises in contest in this action at the time of the service of the process on them in this case, and are now in possession thereof, and also were in possession of said premises before and on the 21st day of April 1826. The parties aforesaid do further agree that it shall be competent for either of them to introduce evidence, either written or parol, to establish any facts not herein and hereby agreed to and admitted, which they or either of them may deem necessary and within the issue."
The demandants made title under the will of John Campbell, and under a deed executed on the 21st of April 1826, by Richard Taylor, as executor of the last will and testament, and trustee of the estate of John Campbell, to Joseph Beard, Elizabeth Megowan, and the heirs of William Beard, the matenal parts of which instrument were the following-
"The said John Campbell did, by his last will and testament, duly made and published, on the 25th day of July 1786, devise to James Milligan, Charles Simms, Richard Taylor, William Elliot, and Philip Ross, and the survivors and survivor of them, whom he did thereby appoint executors of his last will and testament, all his estate, both real and personal, in trust for certain uses and intents therein mentioned, and whereas all the said executors and trustees have renounced the execution of sard will, except Richard Taylor, the first party to these presents, and whexeas the said John Campbell, deceased, did, by his last will and testament, provide, that all his real estate in the county of Jefferson aforesaid, within five miles of the mouth of Bear Grass creek, should be conveyed to his half brother, Allen Campbell, so soon as he became a citizen of the United States, or should be otherwise qualified to hold real estate, or that in either event happening, the said Allen Campbell should, without a deed from the trustees or trustee of said John Campbell's will, have the disposal of said real estate, within the limits aforesaid, and whereas the said Allen Campbell died in 1804, without having disposed of certain parts of said real estate, in any way, and without having ever received a title to said real estate, by which it again reverted to the estate of said Campbell, and became subject to the devises in his will, as to so much thereof as was undisposed of by said Campbell during his life time.

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Beard and others v. Rowan.]
"And whereas the said Richard Taylor, sole executor and trustee as aforesaid, in consideration of the premises, is willing to convey the property aforesaid, except so much thereof as lie hath this day conveyed in a separate deed to same parties, to the heirs of Sarah Beard, deceased, as is directed in the said last will and testament of said John Campbell, as will more fully appear, reference being had thereto. Now, therefore, in consideration of the premises, and for the further consideration of one dollar to him in hand paid, the receipt whereof he doth hereby acknowledge, the said Richard Taylor, as executor and trustee as aforesaid, hath granted, bargained, sold, aliened and confirmed, and by these presents doth grant, bargain, sell, alien and confirm, to the said parties of the said second part, excepting from the heirs of William Beard, Nancy C. and Sally Bywaters, who have already sold and disposed of all their right, title and interest in and to the same, a certain tract or parcel of land lying and being in the countv of Jefferson, on the Ohio river, adjoining the town of Louisville, containing, by estimation, three thousand acres, be the same more or less; one thousand acres of which being the one half of two thousand acres, patented by the king of Great Britain to John Connolly, by patent bearing date the 16th day of September 1773, the other two thousand patented to Charles D. Warnsdoff, the patent bearing date the day and year last mentioned, and bounded as described in the said patents, as will more fully appear on reference being had thereto. Also all the unsold lots in the town of Louisville, consisting of twenty acre lots, ten acre lots, five acre lots, half acre, lots, and other lots and parcels of ground, deeded to colonel John Campbell, also, all the island in the said river Ohio, near the said town of Louisville, lately in the possession of Allen Campbell, also all the ground and ferry at the lower landing in Shippingport, together with all and singular the premises and appurtenances thereunto belonging, or in any wise appertaining; and all the estate, right, title, interest or claim of him, the said Richard Taylor, of, in or to the same-to have and to hold the said land, lots, island, ferry, and all and singular the appurtenances, to the said party of the second part, their heirs and assigns, for ever; and the said Richard Taylor, for himself, his heirs, administrators and assigns, the said estate above conveyed to the said parties of

SUPREME COURT.
[Beard and others v. Rowan.]
the second part, will for ever defend against the claim or claims of all and every person laimning by or through hun."
And also under a deed, executed by Joseph Beard and others, of which the following is a copy.
"This indenture, entered into this 5th day of April 1826, between Joseph Beard, of the one part, and Henry Beard, Lawrence Daley and Ann his wife, Francis M'Lear and Sarah his wife, Charles M'Lear and Isabella his wife, and Joseph M. Beard, witnesseth, that, for and in consideration of the natural love and affection which the said party of the first part bears towards his children, the parties of the second part, and for the further consideration of one dollar in hand, paid to him by the said parties of the second, he doth hereby give, alien, sell, convey and assign to the said parties of the second part, all his right, title, claim and interest, in and to the estate of colonel John Campbell, deceased, in the counties of Jefferson and Shelby, in state aforesaid, for which suits are about to be commenced by the heirs of said Campbell, of which said Joseph is one, for and in consideration of which the parties of the second part hereby bind themselves to pay that part of the expenses of said suits which will fall on said Joseph in the prosecution thereof."
The title of the tenant, the defendant in error, was derived under the will of John Campbell, and under the following conveyances- a deed from Sarah Beard the sister of John Campbell the testator, to Fortunatus Cosby, executed on the 7th of July 1806, and other mesne conveyances, the last of which was from William Lytle to the tenant and defendant, executed on the 17th of February 1822.
In January or February 1800, Allen Campbell was put into possession of the whole landed estate of John Campbell, devised to him, and which was within five miles of the mouth of Bear Grass, by Richard Taylor, one of the executors of John Campbell's will. When the lands were surrendered to him, and he was put into possession of the same, it was as the owner and proprietor thereof, in fee, as devisee under the will of his half brother, John Campbell. He continued to occupy the same until his death, claiming it as his own, and occasionally selling various parts thereof. After the death of Robert Campbell, Sarah Beard, as the heir of Allen Campbell as to

JANUARY TERM 1835.

[Board and others v. IRowan.]

one moiety, and heir of Robert Campbell of another moiety,

claimed the whole estate.

On the trial in the circuit court, the demandants prayed the

court to instruct the jury, that unless they find from the evi-

dence that the surviving trustees of colonel Campbell's will con-

veyed by deed the land in contest to Allen Campbell, that the

law is for the demandants.

That, unless they find from the evidence that Allen Camp-

bell was naturalized according to the laws of the United States,

that the law is with the demandants.

That from the facts agreed, and the evidence offered, the

law is for the demandants, and they ought to find accordingly

The court refused to give the instructions as prayed, and

the defendant moved the following instructions to the jury,

which were given. That the premises in question passed

in fee to Allen Campbell, the half brother of John Campbell,

under his will, and at the death of said Allen passed, by descent,

from him to Robert Campbell and Sarah Beard, and then from

him to her, provided the jury believed from the evidence, 1st.

That said John Campbell was a citizen of the United States, and

died in October 1789, and had never been married. 2d. That

sauldAllen Campbell came to the state of Kentucky in Decem-

ber 1799, and continued to reside therein until September

1804, and then died intestate, and had never been married. 3d.

That said Robert Campbell was a citizen of the United States,

and half brother of the said Allen, that said Sarah Beard was

half sister of said Allen, and came to Kentucky in October

1800, and continued to reside therein until the death of said

Allen, that said Robert Campbell died in August 1805, intes-

tate, and had never been married, and that said Sarah Beard

was the sister of the said Robert Campbell.

0

The jury found the following verdict, on whih the court

gave a judgment for the defendant. "We, the jury, find that

the tenant has more right to hold the tenement as he now

holds it in the written count mentioned, than the demandants

to have it as they now demand it.

The plaintiffs took a bill of exceptions and sued out this writ

of error.

The case was argued by Mr Peters, with whom was Mr

SUPREME COURT
[Beard and others v. Rowan.]
Loughborough, for the plaintiffs in error, and by Mr Hardin and Mr Sergeant, for the defendant.
For the plaintiffs in error, it was contended 1. That the title to the land in controversy, passed by the will of John Campbell, in fee, to the trustees, and the survivors of them named in said will, and so remained until the deed of R. Taylor, trustee to Beard, was made. 2. That at the making of the said deed, the title to so much of the said land devised by J. Campbell, as had not been disposed of by Allen Campbell, was in Taylor the surviving trustee. 3. That the said deed of Taylor, trustee to Beard and others, was in due performance of the trust created by the will, and that the title of J. Campbell passed by it to the grantees. 4. That the circuit court erred in not giving the instructions moved by the demandants. 5. That it erred in gtving those moved by the tenant.
For the defendant, it was contended 1. That taking the whole will of John Campbell together, it is evident and manifest, that all his landed estate, within five miles of Bear Grass, was intended for Allen Campbell, and to save it from forfeiture, as be was an alien when he made his will and codicil, he invested it in trustees. 2. That Allen Campbell became qualified, under the statutes of Kentucky, to take and hold real estate, accepted the devise, claimed the land in dispute, lived on it, used it, and sold part of it. 3. The consent of the executor was not necessary to perfect the title of Allen Campbell, and if it was, the executor did consent. 4. As soon as Allen Campbell became qualified to take and hold real estate in Kentucky, as he did on the 18th of December 1802, that instant he became vested with the title, in fee, as an executory devise, without a deed. 5. If Allen Campbell took the property as an executory devise, or by a release from the trustees, then, on his death, Robert Campbell and Sarah Beard inherited each a moiety, and when Robert Campbell died in 1805, Sarah- Beard became

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Beard and others v. Rowan.]
seised of the whole fee, and conveyed it to Fortunatus Cosby, in 1806.
6. The title of the demandants is defective, because it is derived under a deed from Richard Taylor, who was not a trustee under the will of John Campbell, but was an executor.
7. When the conveyance was made by Taylor, the defendant was in adverse possession of the land.
8. The demandants cannot recover in a writ of right. Some of them have, on their own showing, no title at all and if others have a title, it is not a joint title with some of the demandants, and other persons, if any of the demandants have title, who also have title, are omitted in the suit, although they are joiht tenants with the demandants in the writ, and a joint tenant cannot recover his interest unless all his co-joint tenants are joined in the writ.
9. In a writ of right the demandant may recover less than what he counts for, but it is less as to quantity, and not different in the nature of his title, for if he could, then the rule that the proof must agree with the statement, would be defeated, which would not be the case when he recovered less in quantity this is the distinction in almost every form of action.
Mr Justice THOMPSON delivered the opinion of the Court. This cause comes up on a writ of error from the circuit court of the United States, for the district of Kentucky. It is a writ of right for the recovery of a piece or tract of land, the title to which is admitted to have been duly and legally vested in John Campbell. Both parties claim under the will of John Campbell, as the source of title. The demandants claim under a deed from Richard Taylor, the surviving executor of John Campbell, bearing date the 21st of April 1826, to Joseph Beard, Elizabeth Megowan, and the heirs of William Beard. The tenant claims under a devise in the will of John Campbell, and the decision of the case depends mainly upon the construction to be given to this devise. The evidence in the cause being closed, each of the parties moved the court for instructions to the jury The demandants prayed the court to instruct the jury, that unless they find from the evidence, that the surviving trustee of colonel Campbell's
VOL. iX.-2 P

SUPREME COURT.
[Beard and others v. Rowan.]
will conveyed by deed the land in contest to Allen Campbell, the law is for the demandants.
That unless they find, from the evidence, that Allen Campbell was naturalized, according to the laws of the United States, that the law is with the demandants.
That from the facts agreed, and the evidence offered, the law is for the demandants, and that they ought to find accordingly
These instructions the court refused to give, but, on the prayer of the tenant, gave the following instructions.
That the premises in question passed in fee to Allen Campbell, the half brother of John Campbell, under the will, and at the death of the said Allen, passed by descent from him to Robert Campbell and Sarah Beard, and from him, Robert Campbell, to her, Sarah Beard provided the jury believed, 1. That John Campbell was a citizen of the United States, and died in October 1799, and had never been married. 2. That the said Allen Campbell came to the state of Kentucky in December 1799, and continued to reside therein until September 1804, and then died intestate, and had never been married. 3. That the said Robert Campbell was a citizen of the United States, and half brother, of the said Allen, that Sarah Beard was half sister of the said Allen, and came to Kentucky in October 1800, and continued to reside therein until the death of the said Allen, that the said Robert Campbell died in August 1805 intestate, and has never been married, and that the said Sarah Beard was the sister of the said Robert Campbell.
The material facts in this case are not at all drawn in question. They are agreed upon by a stipulation contained in the record. And we must at all events assume, for the purpose of the present decision, that the jury have found all the facts, hypothetically put by the court in the instruction given to them, and upon the assumption of which the court instructed the jury, that in point of law the demandants were not entitled to recover and whether this instruction was correct, is thequestion now before the court.
Upon the argument here, several objections have been made to the right of the demandants to recover in this action, claiming, as they do, different titles, which cannot, as is alleged, be set up under a joint action in this manner. This however is

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Beard and others v. Rowan.]
rather matter of form, and as the case is before us on the merits, and has been fully argued, we pass by this objection without stopping to inquire whether it was well founded or not.
The clause in the will of John Campbell, upon which the right to the land in question depends, is as follows.
"And if within that time, my said half brother, Allen Campbell, shall become a citizen of the United States, or be otherwise qualified by law to take and hold real estate within the same, I then direct that my said trustees, or the survivor or survivors of them, shall convey to him, my said half brother, Allen Campbell, his heirs or assigns, in fee simple, all the lands hereinbefore described in this devise. But if my said half brother shall not, within the time aforesaid, become a citizen as aforesaid, I then direct that my said trustees, or the survivor or survivors of them, shall sell and dispose of the said lands, hereby directed to be conveyed to him, on two years credit, with interest from the date, to be paid annually And the money and interest arising from such sale, to be transmitted to my said half brother, to whom I give and bequeath the same."
The testator then provides for the disposition of these lands, and the proceeds thereof, in case his said half brother shall die before the expiration of the aforesaid term of five years after his arrival at the age of twenty-one years, and then adds the following clause.-
" But should my said half brother become a citizen of the United States of America, or be otherwise qualified to hold real estate within the same, before his death, it is then my will and desire, that he shall have the sole and absolute disposal of all the estate hereinbefore devised and bequeathed to him, notwithstanding he may not have obtained deeds therefor from my said trustees."
It is contended on the part of the demandants, that under this will, the legal estate of the land in question is vested in the executors and trustees, and that Allen Campbell did not take any legal estate under the will, and could not acquire it, except by deed from the trustees or the survivor of them. And they contend that Richard Taylor was such survivor, and they claim under the deed from him of the 21st of April 1826. But if Richard Taylor had no authority to convey this land, the demandants fail entirely to show any title whatever in the

SUPREME COURT
[Beard and others v. Rowan 3
land. His authority to convey the land, lies at the foundation of the right set up by them.
Richard Taylor is not named as one of the trustees. The trustees named are, James Milligan, Charles Simms, William Elliot, and Philip Ross, who are also appointed executors; and to whom the testator devises his estate, both real and personal, in trust for the uses and purposes provided and declared in his will. It is true that he afterwards, in a codicil, names Richard
Taylor as one of his executors. But the estate was vested in the other executors named, as trustees, and Taylor, in his capacity merely as executor, acquired no title to the land, or any authority to sell it.
But it is unnecessary to rest the case upon this point, as it is very clear that, under the will of John Campbell, his half brother, Allen Campbell, took an estate in fee simple, as an executory devise, without any deed from the trustees.
The intention of the testator in this respect cannot be mistaken. Allen Campbell was an alien, and was not, or might not be qualified to take and hold real estate. The title was accordingly vested in trustees, with directions to convey the same to him, when he should become qualified by law to take and hold the same. And if he should not, within a specified time, become qualified to take and hold real estate, the trustees are directed to sell the land, and transmit the avails thereof to the said Allen Campbell, thus providing for all supposed contingencies with respect to the situation of the devisee, and to enable him to receive the benefit of the devise. But that his right and title to this estate might not at all depend upon the trustees, he devises the land directly to the said Allen Campbell, if he.should at any time before his death become a citizen of the United States, or be otherwise qualified to hold real estate, notwithstanding, he may not have obtained deeds therefor from his said trustees.
This was a good executory devise, depending on the contingency of his becoming a citizen of the United States or otherwise qualified to hold real estate. This contingency was was not too remote: It must necessarily, not only from the nature of the contingency, but by-xpress limitation in the devise, happen in the life time of the devisee, if ever. And upon the happening of this contingency, there can be no

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Beard and others v. Rowan.]
doubt but the devisee took an estate in fee. The words in the will are amply sufficient to pass an estate in fee. And the only remaining inquiry is, whether Allen Campbell, before his death, became qualified to take ana hold real estate, m the state of Kentucky And this will depend upon the act of the legislature of that state, passed on the 18th of December 1800, which is as follows "whereas, by the laws now in force in this commonwealth, aliens cannot hold lands therein, and whereas it is considered the true interest of this state, that such prohibitions be done away. Be it therefore enacted, &c., that any alien, other than alien enemies, who shall have actually resided within this commonwealth two years, shall, during the continuance of his residence herein, after the said period, be enabled to hold, receive and pass any right, title or interest, to any lands or other estate known, within this commonwealth, in the same manner, and under the same regulations, as the citizens of this state may lawfully do." 2 Littell's
Laws 400. The evidence in the record shows, and it is so found by the
jury, that Allen Campbell came to the state of Kentucky, in December 1799, and continued to reside therein until September 1804, when he died intestate, never having been married. It is argued, on the part of the demandants, that this law only embraces aliens who shall have resided within the state two years before the 'jassing of the act, and does not therefore reach the case of Allen Campbell.
This is certainly too narrow an interpretation of this law, to meet the obvious intention of the legislature, even admitting that such is the strict grammatical construction.
The preamble in the act may be resorted to, to aid in the construction of the enacting clause, when any ambiguity exists. That preamble evidently shows that the intention of the legislature was to make a general provision for removing the disability of aliens to hold real estate, and this, founded upon state policy, doubtless for the purpose of encouraging the settlement of the country and this object would be in a great measure defeated by restricting the act to aliens who shall have resided two years in the state, before the passing of the act. The condition upon which aliens are placed on the same footing with citizens, with respect to the right of holding and

SUPREME COURT.
[Beard and others v. Rowan.]
disposing of land, is a two years residence within the state, and the full effect and benefit of the act, and the clear intention of the legislature, require a construction which gives to it a prospective as well as retrospective application. And, under this construction, Allen Campbell became qualified to take and hold the title to the land in question, and pass the same, in the same manner as if he had been a citizen of the state. No constitutional objection can be made to this act. It does not profess to naturalize aliens. It is not necessary that they should be made citizens, in order to hold and pass real estate, and the condition upon which this may be done, is a matter resting entirely with the state legislature. We are, accordingly, unanimously of opinion, that the judgment of the circuit court is correct, and it is accordingly affirmed.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Kentucky, and was argued by counsel, on consideration whereof, it is adjudged and ordered, that the judgment of the said circuit court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed with costs.

JANUARY TERM 1835.

461

ROBERT FENWICR, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR V ELIZA CHAPM1AN
AND ROBERT CHAPMAN, BY KITTY CHAPMAN THEIR M1O-
THER AND NEXT FRIEND, DEFENDANTS IN ERROR.
By the statute of Maryland of 1796, ch. 67, s. 13, manumissions ofslaves, by will and testament, may be made to take effect at the death of the testator. The testator may devise or charge his real estate with the payment of debts, to make the manumission effective, and not in prejudice of creditors.
The right to freedom may be tried at law, in a suit against the executors, at the instance of the manumitted slaves; and the executor may, in such suit, admit the existence of a sufficiency of real assets or real estate to pay the debts ofls testator.
A judgment at law in favour of manumitted slaves, in a suit against an executor, obtained on the admission by the executor of a sufficiency of assets, may be set aside in equity, if such admission was made without foundation in fact, or in fraud or mistake. In such a proceeding in equity, to which the executor, the manumitted slaves, and all persons interested have been made parties, there may be an entire review of the administration of the 'estate, of the conduct of the executor, and thatofthe creditors, in regard to the estate, and in respect to the vigilance of the executor in payiig, and of the creditors in the pursuit oftheir debts.
The words in a will, "after my debts and funeral charges are paid, I devise and bequeath as follows," amount to a charge upon the real estate for the payment of debts.
When a testator manumits his slaves by will and testament, and it clearly appears to have been his intention that the manumission shall take place at all events, the manifest intention, without express words, to charge the real -estate, will charge the real estate for the payment of debts, if there be not personal assets enough without the manumitted slaves, to pay the debts of the testator.
In such a case, the creditors of the testator must look to the real estate for the payment of debts which remain unpaid, after the personal estate, exclusive of the manumitted slaves, has been exhausted, and they may pursue their claims in equity, or according to tie statutes of Maryland subjecting real estate to the payment of debts.
When an executor permits manumitted slaves to go at large and free, under a manumission to take effect at the death of the testator, he cannot recall such assent. Nor can it be revoked under an order of the orphan's court of Maryland, for the sale of all the personal estate of the testator; that court not having jurisdiction of the question of manumission.
It being admitted that a testator left real estate to an amount in value more than sufficient to pay his debts, without the sale of slaves manumitted by his will, those persons are free, notwithstanding a deficiency of personal
assets.

SUPREME COURT
[Fenwick v. Chapman.]
IN error to the circuit court of the United States, for the county of Washington in the District of Columbia.
The defendants in error instituted a suit in the circuit court to recover their freedou, alleging that they were entitled to it under the last will and testament of their late mistress, Frances Edelin deceased, in the state of Maryland. The plaintiff in error claimed the petitioners as his slaves, having purchased them of the sole acting executor of the deceased, at a sale made by the order and authority of the orphan's court of Prince George's county, in Maryland, and, by the consent of all parties to the suit, the executor was admitted to defend the same in the court below It was proved in the circuit court, that the slaves were sold by the executor, with all the other personal estate of the deceased, by authority of the aforesaid orphan's court, as assets in the hands of the executor, to pay the debts of the deceased, there not being assets enough to pay the same without the sale of said slaves, and without recourse to the real estate. It was contended that the sale was a good one, and that the slaves were not entitled to their freedom. The following facts in the case were agreed, and submitted to the court, wtth the other evidence in the case, and making a part of the record now before this court.
It is agreed in this case1. That the petitioners are the same named in the will of Frances Edelin deceased, to whom she gave their freedom after her death, as appears by the said will, a copy whereof is hereto annexed. 2. That Edelin, the defendant, was the executor of the last will and testament of said deceased, and, as such, sold, in the year 1833, said petitioners to the other defendant, Fenwick. 3. That the sale of the petitioners was made in Prince George's county aforesaid, where the deceased lived at the time of her death, and where the petitioners were, and that, from the time of deceased's death to the time of their sale, they were permitted by the executor to go at large as free, and that after the purchase made by Fenwick he brought them to the District of Columbia, where the present suit was instituted, and that after the institution of the said suit, Fenwick transferred his claim to the petitioners to the defendant Edelin, who repaid him his money, and appears to defend the suit.

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Fenwick v. Chapman.]
4. That the deceased left real estate to an amount in value more than sufficient to pay her debts without the sale of the negroes emancipated by the will, as will appear by her will referred to, and made a part of this agreement, but not personal estate sufficient.
5. That the original copy of all the proceedings had in the orphan's court of Prince George's county, relative to the settlement of the deceased's estate, by her executors or administrators, may be filed as part of this case.
The will of Frances Edelin, the proceedings in the orphan's court of Prince George's county, and all the material facts in the case, are fully stated in the opinion of this court, delivered by Mr Justice Wayne. Upon a hearing in the circuit court, judgment was given in favour of the petitioners in that court, now defendants in error, and from that judgment a writ of error was sued out to this court.
The case was argued by Mr Brent, for the plaintiff in error, and by Mr Key, for the defendants.
Mr Brent stated, that the only questions for the court to decide, are, whether the defendants in error are entitled to their freedom or not, under the circumstances of the case, and whether the plaintiff in error (the executor) has, or had not, the right to sell them, as assets to pay the debts of the testator. After reading the petition, the answer, and the agreement as to the facts in the case, and the will of Frances Edelin, he referred to the proceedings in the orphan's court of Prince George's county; which showed that the personal estate of the testator was insufficient to pay the debts of the deceased, and that under these circumstances, the orphan's court ordered the sale of the negroes, and they were sold.
Prior to the year 1796, there could not be, under the laws of Maryland, a manumission of slaves by will. This act was, in 1796, repealed, under certain limitations, and among them, that no such manumission is available if done in prejudice to creditors.
The first ground for the reversal of the judgment of the circuit court, is, that this manumission was in prejudice of creditors. The fact of the insufficiency of the personal estate, ex-

SUPREME COURT
[Fenwick v. Chapman.]
clusive of those negroes, is established by the proceedings of the orphan's court, and the accounts of the executor.
Creditors are not bound to resort to the real estate for the satisfaction of their claims, when personal estate can be found. Cited 1 P Wins 294, note, 2 P Wins 664, 1 Rob. on Wills 67, Kelty's Laws of Maryland, act of 1798, ch. 101, subdiv 7 chap. This act declares what shall be assets for the payment of debts, among which are negroes.
In a case in.1 Harris and Gill's Reports, the testator charges his land with the payment of debts, rather than that his negroes shall be sold, and deprived of their freedom, which is given to them. In this case, the question as to the construction of the act of 1796, was waived.
Mr Key, contra. The testator died m 1825, and, by her will, she charges her whole estate with the payment of her debts, both real and personal, and gave freedom to the defendants in error. The executor assented to the bequest of freedom, they were at liberty for eight years, when, under an order of the orphan's court, to which they were not parties, and of the proceedings of which court they had no notice or knowledge, they were taken and sold. Over such a case, that court had no authority or jurisdiction. The court could not manumit. It will be found, on an examination of the proceedings of the orphan's court, that, in July 1833, the balance due the executor was 591 dollars, and the court did not specifically order the negroes sold. The order was general, to sell all the personal estate, and not to sell any particular part of it. This is shown, by the acts agreed. By the 24th chapter of the law of Maryland of 1729, negroes are not to be sold as long as there are other goods. In this case, the only debts are to the executor himself for overpayments by him in his administration of the estate, and he is the residuary legatee. All the legatees, on a deficiency of other assets, must contribute. 2 Vern. 708, 2 Mad. Ch. 109, 107, 2 Yes. Jun. 415, 420. Where it may be collected from a will, that any particular legacy should be paid, and exempted from contribution, in the

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Fenwick v. Chapman.]
event of a deficiency to pay debts, it shall be done. In the case of a bequest of freedom, there must, from its very nature, be such an intention. How could the negroes be made to contribute I The whole of the bequest is defeated, and its purpose destroyed, if the executor has a lien on the freedom of the negroes for contribution. Freedom cannot be parted, It cannot be enjoyed, nor does it exist unless it is entire. Any restraint upon it, which puts in the power of another a right to sell a part of it, destroys it altogether.
No inference can be drawn from the bequest of freedom, but that it was entire and unincumbered. It was fully, completely and irrevocably bestowed, when it was given at all.
Nor does the law warrant the claim which is made by the counsel for the plaintiff in error; that because there is a deficiency of personal estate, when the real estate is also charged with the debts of the testator, personal estate, specially bequeathed, shall be taken from a legatee and sold, leaving the real estate free and unmolested.
It is also contended, that the executor, having consented to the freedom of the defendants in error, cannot afterwards withdraw this consent, and subject them to slavery Once free, always free. By no law or proceeding, existing or aLthorized in any state of the United States, can they again be made slaves.
Where a legacy has been assented to, or paid by an executor, it cannot be recovered back. This principle applies to the case before the court, as the freedom of the defendants was assented to by the executor. Cited, in support of the discharge of the legacy from reclamation 1 Vern. 94, 2 Ventr. 358, 2 Chan. Cases 145, 1 Chitty's Dig. 630.
Mr Brent, in reply, insisted, that real estate can be resorted to in no other case, but where there is a deficiency of personal estate, and even in such a case, by the law of Maryland, an application to make the real estate liable must be made to the chancellor.
The testatrixdoesnot charge her whole estate with her debts. This is not the true interpretation of the will. When debts are charged by a testator on an estate, that portion of it which,
VOL. ix.-3 I

SUPREME COURT.
[Fenwick v. Chapman.]
according to law, is first held liable to debts, is understood to be so charged in the first place. This is a just.and legal execution of the will. In Roberts on Wills 175, it is laid down, that real estate will not be ordered for sale to save a chanty. Cited also, I P Wms 294.
It is denied that the executor could give the negroes their Treedom, to the prejudice of creditors. Their rights could not be affected by any act of the executor. Nor did he give them their freedom, he barely allowed them to go at large.
Mr Justice WAYNP, delivered the opinion of the Court. The object of this writ of error is to reverse a judgment of the circuit court of the District of Columbia, for alleged error in having adjudged the defendants in error (coloured persons) to be free and discharged of and from the service of the plaintiff in error. The judgment of the court was rendered upon a statement of facts entered into at the trial term of the cause, signed by the counsel of the parties. It is necessary, however, to set out the facts in the case more in detail, as they appear by the record of the proceedings in the cause. Eliza Chapman and Robert Chapman, infants and coloured persons, by -their mother and next friend, claiming to be free by the laws of the land, allege that they are illegally detained and confined in custody, by one Robert Fenwick, who sets up some pretended claim or title to them, as his slaves for life. They pray that a subpcena may issue to the marshal of the District of Columbia, commanding him to summon the said Robert Fenwick to be and appear before the judges of the circuit court of the District of Columbia for the county of WashingtOn, to answer the allegation of the petitioners in the premises. The subpcena was issued, and on the day of the return of it, the defendant appeared by his attorney, and in his plea denied that the petitioners were entitled to their freedom, as alleged, and put himself upon the country. Before the trial of the issue, by consent of all parties, one Richard J. Edelin was admitted as a party defendant he being the executor of the-last well and testament of Frances Edelin, deceased, late of Prince George's county, Maryland, and hay-

JANUARY TERM 1835.
EFenwick v. Chapman.]
ing, as such, sold the petitioners to the defendant Robert Fenwick, as the executor contends, in virtue of an order of the orphan's court of Prince George's county, to sell all the personal estate of Frances Edelin. This order was made upon the petition of the executor, dated 16th July 1833, in which he states that Frances Edelin, by her will, had directed that certain negroes should be free at her death, and that he had discovered there were not assets enough, independent of those negroes, to discharge the debts of the testatrix.
The executor had included the negroes manumitted by the will in an inventory and appraisement of the personal estate of the testatrix, returned by him to the orphan's court on the 17th of January 1826. The will is dated the 2d day of November 1825. The testatrix died before the 8th day of December of the same year; and immediately after her death, the defendant, Richard J. Edelin, took upon himself the burthen and exeoution of her will.
The testatrix begins her will in the following words "In the name of God, amen. I, Frances Edelin, of Prince George's county, in the state of Maryland, beig of sound and disposing mind, memory and understanding, do make and publish this, my last will and testament, in manner and form followirig. First, and principally, I commit my soul to the mercies of my dear Redeemer and Lord Jesus Christ, and my body to the earth, to be decently buried, and after my debts andfuneral charges are paid, I devise and bequeath as follows." Then follow sundry devises and specific legacies, and so much of the will relating to the freedom of the defendants in error, and to the other persons manumitted by the will, is in these words "Item, I give and bequeath to my nephew Richard James Edelin, the small house and lot now occupied by Robert Frazer, which I give to him, his heirs and assigns for ever, with this proviso, that the negroes which are hereinafter mentioned to be free to live in the back room of said house." "Item, negro woman Letty, her daughter Kitty, a mulatto, with her three children, to wit, Eliza, Robert and Kitty Jane, with their future increase, and an old woman named Lucy, I do hereby declare them free at and after my death, and they shall have the right to live in and occupy the back room in the house and lot I give and bequeath to my nephew Richard James

SUPREME COURT.
[Fenwick v. Chapman.]
Edelin. To the two old negro women, I give them and bequeath 10 dollars a year to each of them as long as they live, and 10 dollars a year, during two years after my death, exclusive of the year in which I die, to mulatto Kitty. Item, my three nephews, John Aloysius, Richard James and Walter Alexander Edelin, for and in consideration of the bequests I have made them, shall pay every year to negro woman Lucy and to negro woman Letty, 10 dollars for every year the said negro women may live, as mentioned in the aforegomg item, and my nephew John B. Edelin, for and in consideration of the bequests I have left him, shall pay, during the two years above mentioned, to mulatto Kitty, lOdollars for each year."
The lav of Maryland permitting the manumission of slaves by will, is in these words, act of 1796, oh. 67, sec. 13, "that from and after the passage of this act, it shall and may be lawful for every person or persons, capable in law to make a valid will and testament, to grant freedom to and effect the manumission of, any slave or slaves, belonging to such person or persons, by his, her or their last will and testament, and such manumission of any slave or slaves, may be made to take effect at the death of the testator or testators, or at such other periods as may be limited in such last will and testament, provided always, that no manumission hereafter to be made by last will and testament, shall be effectual to give freedom to any slave or slaves, if the same shall be in prejudice of creditors, nor unless the said slave or slaves shall be under the age of forty-five years and able to work and gain a sufficient maintenance and livelihood at the time the freedom given shall commence."
The agreement or statement of facts entered into between the counsel of the parties, at the trial term of the cause, and upon which the judgment of the court was given, is as follows.
1. That the petitioners are the same named in the will of Frances Edelin, deceased, to whom she gave their freedom, after her death, as appears by said will, a copy whereof is hereto annexed.
2. That Edelin, the defendant, was the executor of the last will and testament of said deceased, and, as such, sold, in'the year 1833, said petitioners to the other defendant Fenwick.
3. That the sale of the petitioners was made in Prince

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Fenwick v. Chapman.] I
George's county aforesaid, where the deceased lived at the time of her death, and where the petitioners were, and that, from the time of deceased's death to the time of their sale, they were permitted by the executor to go at large as free, and that after, the purchase, made by Fenwick, he brought them to the District of Columbia, where the present suit was instituted, and that, after the institution of the said suit, Fenwick transferred his claim to the petitioners to the defendant Edelin, who repaid him his money, and appears to defend the suit.
4. That the deceased left real estate to an amount in value more than sufficient to pay her debts, without the sale of the negroes emancipated by the will, as will appear by her will referred to, and made a part of this agreement, but not personal estate sufficient.
5. That the original copy of all the proceedings had in the orphan's court of Prince George's county, relative to the settlement of deceased's estate, by her executors or administrators, may be filed as a part of this case.
Under the aforegoing circumstances, the statement of facts entered into by the counsel of the parties, and the law of Maryland permitting the testamentary manumission of slaves when it is not done "in prejudice of creditors -" the question to be decided is, were the defendants manumitted in prejudice of creditors ' And we will first consider it by inquiring what effect the words in the will, "and after my debts and funeral chargesarepaid,I devzse and bequeath asfollows," have to charge the real estate of the testator with the payment of debts, in the event of there not being a sufficiency of personal estate to pay them, without the manumitted slaves. Without any construction of our own upon these words, the effect of them to charge the real estate is settled by decisions which are uncontested and cannot be controverted.
In the case of Kidney v. Coussmaker, T. 1793, 1 Ves. Jun. 267, it is said, "after paying debts," amounts to a charge upon a real estate, for which very little is sufficient.
In Newman v. Johnson, E. 1682, 1 Vern. 45. "My debts and legacies being first deducted, I devise all my real and personal estate to J. S." These words were said to amount to a devise to sell for payment of debts.

SUPREME COURT
[Fenwick v. Chapman.]
A devise of land after payment of debts, is a charge on the land, for, until debts paid, testator gives nothing. 3 Yes. 739.
In the case of Trott v. Vernon, 2 Vern. 708, the testator willed and devised, that his debts, legacies and funerals should be paid in the first place, and then devised his land to his sister for life, with remainder to her issue-remainder over, and made the sister executrix; it was decreed that the lands be charged with the debts. The lord chancellor said, it was but natural to suppose, that all persons would provide for the payment of their just debts, and, directing them to be paid in the first place, imports, that before any devise by his will should take place, his debts, &c., should be paid. See cases, Ca. temp. Talb. 110; 3 P Wins 95, 1 Yes. Sen. 499, 2 John. Ch. 614, for the same doctrine.
And in the case of the Earl of Godolphin v. Pennock, 2 Yes. Sen. 270, it was held that real estate was charged for the payment of debts, under a general clause in a will, that debts should be first paid and satisfied. Though cases both before and after it can be found of a contrary character, yet that such a general clause will charge real estate, has been always held. In the case before us, the word "after" implies, as strongly as any word m the English language can do, that the payment of debts is a condition precedent to the absoluteness of any entire devise in the will. A contrary doctrine seems to have been held in Davis v. Gardiner, 2 P Wins 189, and it was so held under the devise in that case, but the lord chancellor, in his decision, admits that the real estatewould have beencharged in a case, which is, indeed, the case under the will of Frances Edelin. He says, "1I admit the portions might be charged on the real estate, had the devise of the land been to the son in fee absolutely, for without such construction, the devise would have been void, and the son would have taken the land by descent. So that the will must, in such a case, have signified nothing as to the land, unless it were to operate so as to charge the land with the legacies, and to intimate that the heir was not to take it until after the legacies paid." And there is no difference, in the rule of construction, between legatees and creditors.
But leaving out of view the wQrds in the will, "1and after

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Fenwick v. Chapman.]
my debts and funeral charges are paid, I devise and bequeath as follows," and the authorities which have been cited to show that they make a charge upon the real estate for the payment of debts, would there not be a charge upon the real estate for the payment of debts, if it be manifest from the will, that it was the intention of the testatrix, that the manumitting clause in her will was to take place, or to have effect at all events' The general rule is, that the personal estate of a testator shall, in all cases, be primarily applied in the discharge of his personal debts or general legacy, unless he by express words or manifest intention exempt it. Bac. Abridg. tit. Executor and Administrator, L. 2. The testator may exempt a part of it, by making it a particular legacy, or the whole of it, either by express words, or plain manifest intention, or by giving it as a specific legacy. Adams v. Meyrick, 1 Eq. Ab. 271, pl. 13, Bamfield v. Wyndham, Pre. in Ch. 101, Wainwright v. Bendlowes, Pre. in Ch. 451, Amb. 581, Stapleton v. Colville, Ca. temp. Tal. 202, Phipps v. Annesley, 2 Atk. 58, Ancaster v. Mayo, 1 Bro. Ch. Ca. 454, Webb v. Jones, 2 Bro. Ch. Ca. 60, Burton v. Knowlton. 3 Ves. 107, Milnes v. Slater, 8 Yes. 305.
In Jones v. Selby, H. 1709, Pre. in Ch. 288, it is said, "where the testator's intention clearly appears that a legacy should be paid at all events, the real estate is made liable, on a deficiency of personal assets." That such clear intention of the testator will charge the real estate is also decided by authority Was it clearly the intention of the testator that these defendants should be free at all events, asfar as she bad power to make them so, under the law of Maryland 'KWe think it was: and the conclusion is sustained by the words of the manumitting clause of the will, by the provision which she makes of a place for their residence, by the annuities which are bequeathed to some of them, the manner in which they are made, and above all, we say, by thenatureofrmanumwsszon itself. After naming the slaves, her language is, "I do hereby declare them free at and after my death, and they shall have the rightto live in, and occupy the back room in the house andlot I gve and bequeathto my nephew Richard James Edelin." And the devise of that house and lot to,Richard James Edelin (the now plaintiff in error) is made with "this proviso, that the negroes whwh are hereinaftermentioned to be free

472

SUPREME COURT.

[Fenwick v. Chapman.]
to live ?n the back room of said house." In confirmation, too, of its having been the intention of the testatrix, that these negroes were to be free at all events, it is worthy of remark, that the effective words of manumission are in strict conformity with, or a repetition in part of, these words in the statute of Maryland, "and such manumission of any slave or slaves may be made to take effect at the death of the testator" But the testatrix, after declaring these negroes to be free at and after her death, provides for them a residence, and the measure of her benevolence being unexhausted, she bequeaths to some of them annuities or pecuniary legacies, two of them as charges upon her estate, and the rest she directs to be paid by her devisees and nephews, in consideration of the bequests she had made to them. Can it be supposed by any one, that such provisions would have been made by the testatrix for these manumitted slaves, if it had not been her intention that they should be free at her death, at all events 'l We think no one will answer the inquiry in the negative. But without such assistance from a will to collect the intention of a testator, the nature of the thing directed to be done may clearly show an intention that it is to be done at all events, so as to make real estate liable for payment of debts on a deficiency of personal assets. As, for instance, when the thing to be done cannot be partially performed by the executors, without defeating altogether the intention which
directs it, and the thing itself. Manumission, to take effect at the death of a testator, is of that character. What is manu-
mission q It is the giving of liberty to one who has been in just servitude, with the power of acting, except as restrained by law And when this liberty is given in absolute terms by
will, under the law of Maryland, it can only be defeated by the person conferring it, "having done it in prejudice of creditors, or by the slave standing in the other predicament of the law, of being over forty-five years of age, and being unable to work and gain a livelihood at the time the freedom given shall commence.
But what meaning shall be given to the words of the stat-
ute of Maryland, "that no manumission hereafter to be made by last will and testament shall be effectual to give freedom to any slave or slaves, if the same ' shall be in prejudice of creditors ?"' It is, that the manumittor must not be insolvent, that
a creditor of the testator shall not be deprived in reality of his

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Fenwick v. Chapman.]
debt, by the manumission. Any other construction in favour of the creditor, from any right to personal assets for the payment of debts, of the executor's obligation so to apply the whole of them, or in favour of the creditor's remedy at law to have the personal assets applied to the payment of his debt, including manumitted slaves, when the other personal estate is not enough to pay all debts, or against his being carried into a court of equity, to make land liable for his debt, when the personal assets have been exhausted, exclusive of manumitted slaves any other construction than that which has been given to the words "in prejudice of creditors "'would interfere with the right of a testator to make his real estate chargeable with the paymentof debts, when he manumits a slave, and would therefore confine effective manumissions to those cases in which a testator leaves personal property enough, besides the manunutted slaves, for the payment of his debts, or when be dies owing no debts. It would also, so far as the creditor's remedy at law, or his not being carried into a court of equity are concerned, be equivalent to a denial of a testator's right to make a specific legacy of all his slaves, and to charge the payment of his debts exclusively upon his land. The first is not in conformity with the statute of Maryland, and the second, no one will deny to be a testator's right. The statute is a privilege to all persons, capable, in law, to make a valid will and testament, to grant freedom to, and effect the manumission of any slave or slaves, belonging to such person or persons, by will and testament, and it may be made to take effect at the death of the testator or testators, if the same shall not be " in prejudice of creditors." Now, can the construction of that statute be, that the testator is limited to the manumission of slaves, only in the event of his having other personal property sufficient to pay debts, or to deny to him a right, when he manumits, to do what he could have done before the statute was passed, and what it must be admitted he can still do-to make all of his slaves a specific legacy, and to charge his land with the payment of his debts, even though he may have, at the time of his death, no other personal property than slaves. But in opposition to the protest against anyinterference with a creditor's right to have a remedy at law to enforce the payment of his debt out of the personal assets, and against his being carried into acourt of equity to make
VOL. IX.-3 K

SUPREME COURT.
[Fenwick v. Chapman.]
the land liable, when, by the manumission of slaves, the other personal assets shall be insufficient to pay his debts, it is sufficient to say, that he holds this right in all cases at the will of a testator, and in many cases subject to the dubious expression of a testator's intention. The creditor maybe carried into a court of equity, or voluntarily resort to it to obtain his debt, either from the lands or the personalty when the testator leaves it doubtful from what funds his debts are to be paid ,or when the executor doubts, from the will, or the indebtment of his testator, how assets are to be applied, orwhether theland is not chargeable with the payment of debts, or whether the whole of the personal ,estate has been left as a specific legacy, or when the specific legatee of a part contends for the payment of debts out of the real estate, and in many other instances, with this of manumission added to them , when the personal property, besides, is insufficient to pay debts, on account of its reasonableness, and because the legislative intendment of the statute of Maryland, allowing freedom to be given to slaves by will, might be defrauded in the greater number of cases, if a creditor was not required to gointo equity to obtain his debt by a sale of the testator's land.
This construction, too, of the words " in prejudice of creditors," and of a creditor's obligation to go into a court of equity, is in exact conformity with that indisputable rule in equity, that, where one claimant has more than one fund to resort to, and another claimant only one, the first claimant shall resort to that fund on which the second has no lien. Lenox v. Duke of Athol, 2 Atk. 446, 1 Yes. 312, Mogg v. Hodges, 2 Yes. 53, Trimmer v. Bayne, 9 Yes. 209.
With this rule in view, see, by a course of short reasonings, how absolute its application is to sustain the correctness of our construction of the words in the statute, "in prejudice of creditors," and of a creditor's obligation to go into equity, in a case of manumission, after other personal assets are insufficient to pay debts.
Manumission is good by the act of Maryland, 1796, ch. 67, see. 13 , if it be not in prejudice of creditors. If ample funds exist, and they are accessible, by the laws of Maryland, to the creditors, they cannot be prejudiced.
Lands devised for the payment of debts, or which have be-

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Fenwick v. Chapman.]
come chargeable by implication, constitute a fund for the payment of debts, and an ample and plain remedy is admitted to exist, in the laws of Maryland, so to apply them. How then are creditors prejudiced, if the land liable, in a case of manumission, is sufficient to pay all of a testator's debts q
As to an executor's obligation to apply personal assets to the payment of debts, not specifically bequeathed or manumitted, an opposite construction to that which has been given to the words "in prejudice of creditors," would be to make him master of the rule directing the application of assets, and in all cases of manumission, would place it in the executor's power to postpone or defeat the testator's intention in that regard. The will is the executor's law, and he is no more than the testator's representative in all things lawful in the will. A specific legacy of all the personal property is a law to him. The manumission of all the slaves of his testator, if he leaves no other personal property to pay debts, and if it be made in a way to charge real estate with the payment of all debts, is equally his law. In a case of manumission and insufficiency of other personal assets to pay debts, it is the duty of an executor to file his bill against the creditors and all interested in the estate, placing the manumitted slaves in the guardianship of the chancellor, and praying that the lands may be made liable to the payment of debts, that equity may be done to all concerned, according to the law of equity If an executor withholds freedom from manumitted slaves, the slaves may prefer their petition at law against the executor, or against any person holding them under him, and they may recover their freedom by a judgment at law, though the question raised by the plea is, that the manumission has been made in prejudice of creditors. And the slaves may do this upon the principle that a statute never gives a right without providing a remedy; in the absence of such provision, contemplating that there is a legal remedy to secure it. If an executor permits manumitted slaves to go at large and free from the death of the testator, it is an assent to the manumission, which he cannot recall any more than he can, after assenting to a legacy, withdraw that assent. Nor can he depnve the manumitted persons of their liberty by the order of an orphan's court in Maryland for the sale of all the personal property of his testator; upon a suggestion that,

SUPREME COURT
[Fenwick v. Chapman.]
besides the manumitted slaves, there is not enough personal property to pay debts, that court having no junsdiction, by the laws of Maryland, to try the question of freedom. And if, by such order, they have been sold by the executor, they may sue for their freedom in a suit at law, against the purchaser, or against any other person holding them in slavery
The decision in the case from 2 Harr. and Gill 1, of Negro George et al. v Corse's Administrator, was urged in argument in opposition to the opinions just expressed. In that case the petitioners claimed their freedom in virtue of the will and testament of their master James Corse. The manumitting clause of the will gives freedom to some of the slaves at the testator's death, and to others when they shall have arrived at particular ages, and the testator further says, if his personal estate, exclusive of the negroes, should not be sufficient to discharge all his just debts, "then my will is, that my executor or administrator, as the case may be, may sell so much of my real estate as will pay my debts, so as to have my negroes free, as before stated." The testator makes specific devises of real estate in fee to his son, and devises and bequeaths to his brother U. Corse, the residue of his estate, both real and personal, with the unexpired time of the negro girls and boys, as designated in the first clause of the will, and he appointed U. Corse executor.
The case was submitted to the jury in the Kent county court, upon a statement of facts; and with instructions from the judge, that if the jury believed the facts, they must find a verdict for the defendant. The verdict and judgment being against petitioners, they appealed. In the statement of facts, it is admitted that the personal estate of the testator, either including or excluding his negroes, was not, at the time of the execution of his vill, nor at any time after, sufficient to pay his debts, but that his real estate, exclusive of the negroes, was sufficient to pay all his just debts and funeral charges. Upon the appeal, three judges decided to affirm the judgment upon the ground, "that the question of the existence of a sufficiency of real assets to pay the debts of the'testator, never can be tried on an issue between the executor or administrator only, without ' prejudice' to creditors. That it was an issue to which the creditors were no party, and to protect whose interest no-

JANUARY TERM 1835.

477

[Fenwick v. Chapman.]
body appears." And the court further says, the admissions
made by the appellee, he was unauthorized to make, and the court was incompetent to pass judgment upon the facts they contained, not being matters in issue in tne cause. The court also say, "as far as relates to the personalty, the executor or administrator is competent to act for all concerned, but in trying the facts whether there be assets by descent in the hands
of the heir, and what is the amount thereof, he has no interest, either personally or in right of representation." With all respect for the judges deciding that cause, these opinions cannot command our assent.
We think with Judge Cranch, and use his language in regard to that decision, when he gave his opinion in the circuit court in this case. The judge says, "when lands are devised to the executor, to be sold for the payment of debts, as when the lands are charged for the payment of the debts and a power is given to the executor to sell them, the lands are as much a fund in his hands for that purpose, as the goods and chattels, and he represents the creditors in regard to the lands, so far as their interests are concerned, as much as he does in regard to the personal estate, and the creditors are as much a party in the issue in respect of the lands, as they are in respect of the goods and chattels. When he is charged with the sale of his testator's lands, for payment of debts, he is as much bound to inquire in regard to the lands, as he is in regard to the personal estate. For it is his duty to execute the whole of his testator's will, and, in such a case, the creditors have as good a right to look to the land, through him, for the payment of those debts, as they have to look to the goods and chattels, through him." To these remarks we add, it is well settled, that executors have power to sell the real estate, where such power is given to them, or necessarily to be implied from the produce beingto pass through their hands in the execution of their office. Bentham v. Wiltshire, 4 Mad. 44, Jac. and Walk. 189. And in V Abr. 920, Hawker v. Buckland, 2 Vern. 106, it is said, "ifaman devise lands to besold by one for paymentof his debts and legacies, and make the same person his executor, the money made by such person, upon the sale of the land, shall be assets in his hands." Now if, in case of such a devise, the e.ecutor can sell, and does sell, bona fide, and by doing so can de-

SUPREME COURT.
[Fenwiek v, Chapman.]
prive the creditors from all claim upon the land, substituting the price of it as assets--doing this without in any way consult. ing the creditors, and in virtue of the devise for that purpose why may not the executor admit, in a suit at law between himself and another, that the land devised is sufficient to pay dhbts, though such an admission may release a part of the personalty, by the judgment of a court, from any future liability at law for the debts for his testatorl Why should it be, that the value of lands so devised for the payment of debts, can only be ascertained when creditors are a party to the proceedings, when they have no legal concern in fixing the price for which the executor may sell the land, and when, moreover, if it be necessary to obtain, as it is in some cases, an order of a court of equity to sell the land, the creditors need not be made parties to the application. Their claim is upon the assets made by the sale of the land. It is true, creditors may, for cause, enjoin the executor from selling, or, upon his application to sell, in a case where the intervention of a court of equity is asked to permit or direct a sale, creditors may be allowed to make themselves parties but the difference between these last positions; and the executor's right to sell, and having sold, is all that there is between the action of the executor being restrained by a court of equity, and where his power to sell has not been restrained, and is executed.
Suppose in a case of a devise to sell land for the payment of debts, as in the case of George v. Corse, that the administrator had admitted assets from the sale of the land, without stating the amount, but sufficient to pay debts, and without stating the amount of the debts due by the testator, could the court, in the face of the admission, have conjectured it might be in prejudice of creditors, and, upon such conjecture or apprehension, have given judgment that it was in prejudice of creditors. Or suppose the administrator had, in his admission, statedboth the amount of the assets and of debts, the former being larger than the latter, would it not have given judgment, that the manumission had not been made in prejudice of creditors, and have done so upon the executor's admission 2 The court could not, in such an issue, have given to the creditors any more protection than they had by the administrator's admission, it could not have possessed itself of the assets, or in any way

JANJARY TERM 1835.
[Fenwick v. Chapman.]
have directed the distribution of them. It was powerless to call upon the executor for a schedule of debts, or upon the creditors to make an exhibition of their claims. But it may be said, the difference in the case supposed, and that which existed, is that in the first, the assets were in hand, and in the other were to be made by a sale of the land. The difference nakes nothing against the argument, for the value of the land can be as well ascertained by proof, as it can be by the executor's sale, and when he admits the value to be sufficient to pay ,debts, he does, in truth, do no more than is done when he admits the existence of a sufficiency of personal assets, but unsold, to pay debts.
As between himself and another, his admission may surely bind him in that other's favour, as well in regard to assets to be made from land, as in regard to personal assets undisposed of. In the latter case, there is as much a question of the sufficiency of assets, as there is in the case when assets are to be made by the sale of land, and so far as creditors are concerned, in a case of manumission, the reason for not trying the issue between a petitioner and an executor, is as strong in an inquiry of a sufficiency of personal assets, as in one of real assets. And the court, in the case under remark, only excludes an inquiry into the value of the latter; and if it did not intend to do so, then a manumitted slave can never show that the manumission was not made in prejudice of creditors.
The court thought it was an issue to the prejudice of creditors, as they were no party to the proceeding, and to protect whose interest no one appeared, and "thus the judgment of the court, having once given effect to the manumission, on the ground that effects in the hands of the heir should be applied to the payment of the debts, the executor or administrator is absolved from all responsibility, except as to the residue of the personalty, and the creditors would be left to seek, through a court of equity, real assets which perhaps never had existence." But the mistake is in stating the land devised to an executor to be sold for the payment of debts to be assets in the hands of the heir; and that the judgment between the then petitioners and administrator, would have been conclusive against creditors as well in equity as at law. The assets were not legally in the hands of the heir; nor would the judgment

SUPREME COURT.
[Fenwick v. Chapman.]
have concluded the right of the creditors from showing, in a proceeding in equity, to which the manumitted slaves, the executors and all persons interested had been made parties, that the admissionof the executor had been made without any foundation in fact, or in fraud or mistake, and upon showing either, in an entire reviewof the administration, a court of equity would set aside the judgment at law, and decree that the manumission had been made in prejudice of creditors, and subject the slaves to the payment of debts, either by sale for life or for a term of years; according as the one or the other mightbe requisite to pay the creditors. Such a course would be in perfect harmony with the statute allowing manumissions to be made by will. They may be made to take effect at the death of the testator, but shall not be effectual if done to the prejudice of creditors. Upon whom does it lie, to show it to have been done in prejudice of creditors Surely upon the creditors: or the words of the statute, cto take effect at the death of the testator," can never be fulfilled in any case of manumission, if it can only take effect after the manumitted slaves have shown it had not been done in prejudice of creditors; or if, as a condition precedent to effective manumission, the slaves must carry executors, creditors and all interested in the real estate, into a court of equity, to prove the manumission not to have been made in prejudice of creditors.
But the case before us is distinguishable from that in Harris and Gill in other particulars which make that case inapplicable. The first difference is, that the record shows in this case, there were no creditors of the testatrix, Frances Edelin, at the time the suit was brought in the circuit court. The only sum which could then be charged upon the estate was the right of retaining; which the executor had, on account of his having overpaid beyond assets. He then is the only creditor, by his own admission, and when he admitted the sufficiency of real estate to pay himself, there was an end of all inquiry as to what was the value of the land. There was nothing due to any one else: consequently, no one could be prejudiced. and the words in the statute, "in prejudice of creditors," cannot be construed to apply to any other than the testator's creditors at the time of his death, and such as might become so for funeral charges, not to such as the executor might make his creditors,

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Fenwick v. Chapman.]
vir tute officii, and much less to defeat a manumission, in favour of an executor, because he has carelessly, though bona fide, paid debts beyond assets.
Upon the whole then, our opinions are. that, by the statute of Maryland, 1796, oh. 67, see. 13, manuissions of slaves by will and testament, may be made to take effect at the death of the testator that the testator may devise or charge his real estate with the payment of debts, to make the manumission effective, and not in prejudice of creditors: that the right to freedom may be tried in a suit at law, against the executor, at the instance of the manumitted slaves; and that the executor may, in such suit, admit the existence of a sufficiency of real assets or real estate, to pay the debts of his testator, that a judgment at law in favour of slaves manumitted by will, in a suit between them and an executor, upon his admission of a sufficiency of real estate to pay creditors, may be set aside in equity, if such admission was made without foundation in fact, or in fraud or mistake, upon the creditors' sho ivng either, in a proceeding in equity to which the manumitted slaves, the executors, and all persons interested have been made parties-in which there may be a review of the entire administration of the estate, of the conduct of the executor, and that of creditors in regard to the estate, and in regard to the vigilance of the one in paying, and of the others in pursuit of their debts.
That the words in this will, "and after my debts and funeral charges are paid, I devise and bequeath as follows," amount to a charge upon the real estate, for the payment of debts.
That when a testator manumits his slaves by will and testament, and it clearly appears to have been his intention that the manumission shall take place at all events; the manifest intention, without express words, to charge the real estate, will charge the real estate for the payment of debts; if there be not personal assets enough, without the manumitted slaves, to pay the debts of the testator.
That in such a case, the creditors of the testator must look to the real estate for the payment of debts which may remain unpaid after the personal assets, exclusive of the manumitted slaves, have been exhausted, and that they must pursue their
VOL. ix.-3 L

SUPREME COURT.
[Fenwick v. Chapman.]
claims in equity, or according to the statutes of Maryland, subjecting real estate to the payment of debts, to make their debts out of the land.
That when an executor permits manumitted slaves to go at large and free, under a manumission to take effect at the death of the testator, he cannot recall such assent by his own act nor can it be revoked under the order of an orphan's court in Maryland, for the sale of all the personal estate of a testator; that court not having jurisdiction of the question of manumission.
That in this case, it being admitted that the testatrix left real estate to an amount in value more than sufficient to pay her debts, without the sale of the negroes emancipated by the will, the defendants in error are entitled to freedom.
The judgment of the circuit court, is therefore affirmed.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record, from the circuit court of the United States, for the District of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington, and was argued by counsel, on consideration whereof, it is ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said circuit court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed with costs.

SUPREME COURT.
BENJAIIN J. TARViR, APPELLANT V SAMUEL B. TARVER,
CHARLOTTE TARvER AND PATIENCE GIBSON.
Alabama. A bill was filed by the heirs at law of R. T., stating, that R. T., being then a citizen of Georgia, in the year 1819, made a conditional?will, in which he recites, " being about to take a long journey, and knowing the uncertainty of life, he deemed it advisable to make a will." The will was set out in the bill, and was executed before three witnesses; and devises all his real and personal estate to his brother, B. T., after making a small provision for his sister and her son. R. T. performed the journey, and returned safe. After the decease, in Alabama, of R. T., his brother, B. T. carried the supposed will to the county court in Dallas county, Alabama, to which the intestate and his brother had removed, and where they had purchased and held jointly considerable real and personal estate, and upon proof of the handwriting of two of the subscribing witnesses who were dead, the other witness living in the state of Georgia, the will was admitted to probate. The bill alleges the probate to be void, prays that the will may be cancelled, and the estate distributed according to the laws of Alabama.
Held. that this was not a conditional will. The instrument taking effect as a will, is not made to depend upon the event of the return or not of the testator from his journey. There is therefore no colour for annulling the will that it was conditional.
In the case of Armstrong v. Lear, 12 Wheat. 175, 6 Cond. Rep. 500, it was said by this court, that no other evidence of there being a will can be received by the court, than such as would be sufficient in all other cases where titles are derived under a wiU, and nothing but the probate, or letters of administration with the will annexed, are legal evidence in all questions respecting personalty. But the rule there laid down does not apply to this case. Here the complainant set up the will as a source of his title, and was bound to prove it, which must be done by the probate, which must be set forth in the bill. In this case the complainant had set forth a copy of the instrument in his bill, alleging it was conditional, and therefore not valid. The defendant was under no obligation to produce any probate. Every thing, by the complainant's own showing, was before the court.
An original bill will not be sustained on the allegation that the probate of the will is void. If any error was committed by the court of Dallas county in admitting the will to probate, it should have been corrected by an appeal to the next term of the supreme court in chancery, or in the district of Washington, to the superior court of that district, according to the law of Alabama.
APPEAL from the district court of the United States for the southern district of Alabama.
The appellees, citizens of the state of Georgia, filed their bill in the district court of the United States for the southern dis-

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Tarver v. Tarver and others.]
trct of Alabama against the appellant, Mason Gilliam, and John Gilliam, her son, stating that they and the defendants were the heirs at law of Richard Tarver, who died in the year 1827, that the deceased in 1819 made a will, which they assert to be a conditional will, and which they exhibit, which they also state was not considered as a will by Richard Tarver at the time of his death. That the principal devisee in that will, Benjamin Tarver, one of the defendants, has proved the will in Dallas county, by provingthehandwriting of two of the subscribing witnesses, who were dead, the other being out of the state, and that the probate thereof is void, that the said Benjamin has taken possession of all the deceased's lands and effects, and they pray an account of the real and personal estate of the testator, and the time at which it was acquired, and "that the will may be cancelled, and the property of the deceased be distributed according to the laws of Alabama."
The copy of the will and of the probate annexed'to the will, were as follows.
"Will. In the name of God, amen Being about to travel a considerable distance, and knowing the uncertainty of life, think it advisable tomake some disposition of myestate, do make this my last will and testament. It is my will that my brother Benjamin J. Tarver, should have all my estate both real and personal, except a competent maintenance for my sister Gilliam and her son John Gilliam, and further, he should give the said John Gilliam a liberal education, and then carry him through the study of law or physic, as he may think best, and at the age of twenty-one, give him, the said John Gilliam, twentyfive hundred dollars in money or property.
"Given under my hand this 3d May 1819.
"RiCHARn TAR, [L. s.].
"Test W Lyman, William Booker, William H. Carter. "Witnesses D. C. Patterson, William F Hay.
"Probate of will. Orphan's Court, November term 1827. State of Alabama, Dallas county. Personally appeared before me, James Suffold, judge of the county and o'phan's court, in the county aforesaid, Joseph Scott, who being duly sworn, saith that he knows the hand writing of William Booker

SUPREME COURT.
fTarver v. Tarver and others.]
and David C. Patterson, who signed their names as witnesses to the within will, that he has seen them write, that he believes the signatures appearing thereto was their, and each-of their proper acts and signatures, that to his certain knowledge both Booker and David C. Patterson are now dead.
" JOSEPH SCOTT. "Sworn to, and subscribed before me, this 12th day of-November 1827.
"JAMES SUFFOLD.
"13th November, H. VANDYKE, Clerk, recorded."
The answers of the defendant in the district court, declare that Richard Tarver made his last will and testament, as stated in the complainant's bill, but deny that there was a condition annexed thereto. The defendant states that the testator and himself lived together and employed their capital together, and for their joint benefit, with an express agreement, that the survivor should have the whole, which was the joint property of both. At the time the testator executed the vill referred to in the bill of the complainant, he executed a will substantially similar in all respects to that executed by Richard Tarver. The answers assert that the probate of the will is in full form and was regular, and that there is no sufficient cause shown in the bill for the exercise of equitable powers by the court.
The district court gave a decree in favour of the complainants, on the ground that the will of -Richard Tarver had not been admitted to probate by the proper orphan's court, and of course that it did not appear to the court that he made a will. And also that this proceeding 'was instituted to set aside the will of Richard Tarver, and no title which the respondent might have to the property of Richard Tarver, can be set up in the case, except such as may be derived from the will. The defendants appealed to this court.
The case was argued by Mr Key, for the appellants, and by Mr Gamble and Mr Wilde, for the appellees.
Mr Justice TomPsoN delivered the opinion of the Court. This case comes up on appeal from the district court of the United States for the southern district of Alabama.

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Tarver v. Tarver and others.]
The pleadings are very inartificially drawn, and do not, probably, present the case in such a manner as to enable the court tQ dispose of all the questions intended to be brought under consideration.
The bill sets out that Richard Tarver, late of the county of Dallas, and state of Alabama, departed this life, in that county, in the year 1827, leaving at the time of his.death a large real and personal estate, and leaving three sisters and the defendant, Benjamin Tarver, his sole heirs at law That the said Richard Tarver, in the year 1819, being a citizen of Georgia, and possessed of a large estate in lands, made a conditional will, in which he recites that being about to take a long journey, and knowing the uncertainty of life, he deemed it advisable to make a will, and thereby declared that he left all his estate, real and personal, to his brother Benjamin Tarver. And making some small provision for his sister Mason Gilliam, and her son John, all which will more fully appear by a copy of the supposed will attached to the bill, and which is prayed to be considered as a part thereof. The bill alleges that the said Richard Tarver performed the journey, and returned safe. Some statements are then made with respect to the property of the deceased, and the bill alleges that he and the defendant, Benjamin J. Tarver, lived together, and employed their capital, of every description, jointly. That Benjamin, on the decease of his brother, took possession of all his estate. That the said supposed will purports to be attested by sundry persons as witnesses, the survivor of whom resides in the state of Georgia. That the said Benjamin carried the supposed will before the county court of Dallas county; and upon the proof of the handwriting of two of the subscribing witnesses, who are dead, the other still living in the state of Georgia, thewill was admitted to probate, and the bill alleges that such probate is void. The bill then prays, that the will may be cancelled, and the estate distributed according to the laws of Alabama, and that the defendant may set forth the full amount of the property of the said Richard, not only what he had at the time of his death, but what he had at the date of the supposed will, describing the property at each of these times particularly. An amended bill was afterwards filed, stating that the defendant was attempting to set up said will, and charging that it was conditional in its inception,
VOL. IX.-X

SUPREME COURT.
[Tarver v. Tarver and others.]
and that the condition on which it was to take effect has not happened.
Several answers were filed m consequence of exceptions taken and allowed by the court. These answers contain much matter not responsive to the bill, and which was not properly before the court. But it is denied that there was any condition annexed to the will, other than is shown by the will itself. The defendant admits that he procured the will to be proved and admitted to record in the orphan's court of Dallas county. And alleges that the probate of said will remains in full force, not revoked, or in any manner set aside, and which he is informed, and believes is in all respects legal. And prays the benefit of the answers as a demurrer to the bill. The court decreed a distribution of the estate among the legal representatives of the deceased, and the cause comes here for review.
The questions put in issue by the pleadings, are 1. Whether Richard Tarver, at his decease, left the will in question as a valid and operative will. 2. Whether such will was duly admitted to record in Dallas county. It is a little remarkable, that the final decree in the cause, does not touch either of these questions put in issue by the pleadings, but proceeds at once, on the report of the master, to make distribution of the estate among the heirs at law of the deceased. The judge in his opinion, does notice these questions, but does not decide whether the will was conditional, and had become inoperative, by reason that the contingency on which it was to take effect had not happened, but puts his decision upon the ground that the defendant was bound to establish the will, and that this could be done in no other way than by the production of a valid probate. He observes that this proceeding is instituted to set aside the will of Richard Tarver, and no title which the respondent may have to the property of his deceased brother, can be set up in this suit, except such as may be derived from the will. That if the complainants had even admitted the existence of the will of Richard Tarver, yet it would be indispensable to the title set up by the respondents, through that will, to show that it had been duly admitted to probate, by the proper orphan's court. The judge then goes into an examination, whether the will

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Tarver v. Tarver and others.]
had been duly admitted to probate, and coming to the conclusion that it had not, he declares that it does not therefore appear to this court that Richard Tarver made any will. He seems to rest his opinion upon the decision of this court, in the case of Armstrong v. Lear, 12 Wheat. 175, where it is said that we cannot receive any other evidence of there being a will, than such as would be sufficient in all other cases, where titles are derived under a will, and uothiMg but the probate, or letters of administration, with the will annexed, are legal evidence of the will in all questions respecting personalty. But the rule as there laid down, does not apply to this case. There the complainant set up the will as the source of his title, and -was bound to prove it, which must be done, say the court, by the probate, which must be set forth in the bill. But in the present case the inquiry was, whether the instrument in question was a valid will or not, and the complainant had set out a copy of that instrument for the purpose of showing that it was not a valid subsisting will, because it appeared upon the face of it to be conditional, and then to show that such condition or contingency had never happened. The defendant was not the actor, seeking to enforce any right under the will. And he could be under no obligation to produce any probate. The complainant having set out the will, every thing by his own showing was before the court that was necessary to present the question which was to be decided. There was no evidence impeaching this will, except what appears on the face of it, and is rested entirely on the introductory part of it. It begins in this manner. "Bemg about to travel a considerable distance, and knowing the uncertainty of life, think it advisable to make some disposition of my estate, do make this my last will and testament, &c."
And it is contended that the condition upon which the instrument was to take effect as a will, was his dying on the journey, and not returning home again. But such is a very strained construction of the instrument, and by no means warranted. It is no condition, but only assigning the reason why he made his will at that time. But the instrument's taking effect as a will, is not made, at all, to depend upon the event of his return or not friom his journey There is no colour therefore
for annulling this will on the ground that it was conditional.

SUPREME COURT.
[Tarver v. Tarver and others.]
And the bill cannot be sustained on the allegation that the probate is void. An original bill will not lie for this purpose. If any error was committed in admitting the will to probate, it should have been corrected by appeal. This is provided for by the law of Alabama, which makes the county court in each county an orphan's court for taking the probate of wills, &c., and declares that if any person shall be aggrieved by a definitive sentence, or judgment, or final decree of the said orphan's court, he may appeal therefrom to the next term of the supreme court in chancery, or in the district of Washington, to the superior court of that district. The law also provides, that any person interested in such will, may, within five years from the time of the first probate thereof, file a bill in chancery to contest the validity of the same, and the court of chancery may thereupon direct an issue or issues in fact, to be tried by a jury, as in other cases. But that after the expiration of five years, the original probate of any will shall be conclusive and binding upon all parties concerned, with the usual savings to infants, femes covert, &c. Toulmin's Dig. 887. We think nothing has been shown to impeach or invalidate this will, and that the bill cannot be sustained for the purpose of avoiding the probate. That should'have been done, if at all, by an appeal, according to the provisions of the law of Alabama. We do not enter at all into an inquiry as to the operation of this will, with respect to the property that will pass by it, nor touching the right by survivorship, as set up by the defendant in the court below These questions are not properly before us upon the pleadings in the cause, or presented in such a manner as to enable us satisfactorily to dispose of those questions. We think, therefore, that the decree of the court below must be reversed, and the bill dismissed without prejudice; 'so as not to preclude the appellees from asserting their right to any part of the property, if any such there be, which does not pass under the will of Richard Tarver.
The decree of the distnct court is accordingly reversed, and the bill dismissed without prejudice.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the district court of the United States for the south-

JANUARY TERM 18a5.

181

[Tarver v. Tarver and others.)
era district of Alabama, and was argued by counsel, on consideration whereof, it is ordered and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said district court in this cause be, and the same is hereby reversed and annulled, and that this cause be, and the same is hereby remanded to the said district court, with directions to that court to dismiss the bill of the complainants without prejudice.

JANUARY TERM 1835.
JAMES BOYCE'S EXECUTORS, APPELLANTS V. FELIX GRUNDY.
On the hearing of the case of Boyce's Executors v. Grundy, at January term 1830, on an appeal from the decree of the circuit court of west Tennessee, 3 Peters 210, the decree of the circuit court was affirmed, by which, after decreeing a rescision of a contract made between Felix Grundy and James Boyce, the intestate, for the purchase, by the former, from the latter, of a tract of land lying in the state of Mississippi, the court, also, decreed, that Robert Boyce, the administrator of James Boyce, of the goods, &c. of James Boyce, deceased, do pay the sum of 2065 dollars and 21 cents, to be levied on the goods of the said James Boyce, in his hands, to be administered. and execution issue therefor as at law. In this decree, nothing was said as to any allowance of damages or interest. A mandate was issued in the usual form, to the circuit court, to carry the same into effect. On filing the mandate in the circuit court, in 1830, the cause was referred to the clerk, as master, to take an account of the assets of James Boyce in the hands of the administrator, who reported that no assets appeared in the hands of the administrator, but that Robert Boyce had, under an agreement with the appellant, received for rents of the land in Mississippi, before the 1st of January 1824, 2100 dollars, which, with interest thereon, 1120 dollars, to the 1st of September 1830, would amount to 3220 dollars and, that the land in Mississippi was devised by James Boyce, the intestate, to his son Robert Boyce. The report was confirmed, except as the 1120 dollars interest. The circuit court decreed that the plaintiff recover of Robert Boyce, 2100 dollars, with interest from the decree; to be levied of his proper goods and chattels and for the balance duo the plaintiff, 496 dollars and 46 cents, with interest, in case the same was not paid by him, the plaintiff had, for the whole amount of the decree, a lien on the lands in the state of Mississippi, and that the same should be sold to satisfy the same, by the clerk of the court, acting as a commissioner.
Held, that if the sum of 2100 dollars, the rents of the lands in Mississippi, came into the hands ofRobert Boyce, as assets of the estate of James Boyce, no decree could be had against him in his individual capacity, in this case. The rents, under the agreement, upon the rescision of the contract for the sale of the land, became virtually the money of James Boyce, the intestate, and were assets in the hands of his administrator. The decree shouldhave been rendered against the defendant in the circuit court, as administrator, and not individually. Also, Held, that no lien upon the land in Mississippi exists, under the decree of the circuit court of Tennessee, and that court had no jurisdiction to decree a sale to be made of land lying in another state. Also, Held, that the decree is erroneous, in allowing interest on the original sum decreed in the circuit court, viz. 2065 dollars and 21 cents, in 1826, (understood to be the sum of 496 dollars and 46 cents) to the affirmaance of that decree in the supreme court in 1830.
It is solely for the decision of the supreme court, whether any damages, or interest (as a part thereof), are to be allowed or not in cases of affirmance.

SUPREME COURT.
[Boyce's Executors v. Grundy.] If, upon affirmance, no allowance of interest or damages is made, it is equivalent to a denial of any interest or damages.
APPEAL from the circuit court of the United States for the district of west Tennessee.
At January term 1830, this case was before the court on an appeal by the same appellants, and a decree was rendered in favour of the appellee. 3 Peters 210.
The appellee m that case, had filed in the circuit court a bill for the rescision of a contract entered into by him with the appellant's testator, James Boyce, for the purchase of a quantity of land in the state of Mississippi, and upon which contract the two first instalments, payable by the same, being due, and unpaid, a suit had been instituted, and a judgment for the amount obtained. The bill also prayed an injunction against the judgment.
The circuit court decreed that the contract should be rescinded, and ordered a perpetual injunction of proceedings on the judgment and the following mandate was issued from this court, on the affirmance of the decree of the circuit court.
CCThe President of the United States of America, to the honourable the judges of the circuit court of the United States for the district of west Tennessee, greeting
"Whereas, Jately, in the circuit court of the United States for the district of west Tennessee, before you, or some of you, in a cause wherein Felix Grundy was complainant, and Robert Boyce and Richard Boyce, executors of James Boyce deceased, were defendants in chancery, the decree of the said circuit court was in the following words, viz. ' His honour does order, adjudge and decree, that said contract or agreement between James Boyce, now deceased, and complainant, be in all things rescinded and annulled, and because it appears from the evidence that complainant has never received any part of the rents for the plantation, but that an arrangement between him and Robert Boyce, authorized him (R. Boyce) to sue Reed, the complainant's tenant, in complainant's name, for Boyce's benefit, for the rents of 1819, 1820, 1821, 1822 and 1823, that he did so and recovered therefor, and got the same, and that complainant did, by his agent, Harry L. Douglas, Esq., notify defendants to take possession of said land and

JANUARY TERM 1835.

[Boyce's Executors v. Grundy.]

plantation, as he would not retain the same on account of the fraud aforesaid, it also appearing, from the records of this

court, that this bill was filed on the

day of

1823, that at the June term of this court 1824, complainant

was ready and pressed for a trial, and that the defendants were

not ready for trial, at that or any subsequent term, but continued the same on their affidavit, and it appearing to the court that complainant did pay said James Boyce the sum of 1250 dollars, on the 5th day of July 1818, and on that day executed to him his note for 750 dollars, in part payment for

said land, and that James Boyce had a counterpart of the agreement

"'It is further ordered, adjudged and decreed, that defendant Robert, administrator of the goods, &c. of James Boyce, deceased, do pay to complainant the said sum of 1250 dollars,

with legal interest thereon, at the rate of eight per centum per

annum, which appears to be the legal rate of interest in said Mississippi state, from the said 5th day of July 1818, until this day, makang the sum of 2065 dollars and 28 cents, to be levied of the goods, &c. of said James, in his hands to be adminis-

tered, and execution issued therefor as at law; and that de-

fendants do surrender to the clerk and master of this court, said note for 750 dollars, and said counterpart, within three calendar months after final decree in this cause, which, together with the agreement exhibited in the bill, shall be by

him cancelled, and that defendant be perpetually enjoined

from executing said judgment on the law side of this court. It is further decreed that defendants pay the costs of this suit, and the costs of said suit at law, and that execution issue therefor as at law '--as by the inspection of the transcript

of the record of the said circuit court, which was brought into the supreme court of the United States by virtue of an

appeal, agreeably to the act of congress in such case made

and provided, fully and at large appears.

"And whereas, in the present term of January, in the year of

our Lord 1830, the said cause came on to be heard before the said supreme court, on the said transcript of the record, and was

argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is ordered and decreed by the court, that the decree of the said circuit

SUPREME COURT.
[Boyce's Executors v. Grundy.]
court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed with costs. February 2, 1830.
"You therefore are hereby commanded, that such execution and proceedings be had in said cause, as according to right and justice, and the laws of the United States, ought to be had, the said appeal notwithstanding."
In the circuit court, the proceedings on the mandate were the following.
"September 13th 1830. This cause came on this day, and on a former day of this term, to be heard before the honourable John M'Lean and John M'Nairy, judges, in presence of counsel on both sides, upon the mandamus from the supreme court, affirming the decree formerly rendered in this court, and in obedience to said mandate it is ordered, adjudged and decreed *thatthe defendants pay the costs of the supreme court of the United States, and the costs of appeal, to be taxed by the clerk and master; and upon motion and petition of complainant, the cause is set down for further directions, and it is ordered that the clerk and master take an account of the assets of James Boyce, deceased, in the hands of the defendant, Robert Boyce, to be administered, and make report, during this term, until the coming of which report other matters are reserved.
"And at the same term, to wit, 1830. 'This cause came on for further directions, this 28th of September 1830, and upon the exceptions filed by the counsel for defendants to the report of the clerk and master, which report was made ii pursuance of a decree rendered at a former day of this term, and is in the words and figures following, to wit
"1In obedience to the interlocutory order made in this cause at the present term, the clerk and master reports, that it does not appear that any personal assets of James Boyce, deceased, came to the hands of said defendants as his executors, but it does appear, from the agreement between complainant and Robert Boyce, admitted to have been dated the 23d of May 1823, and from the depositions of Thomas B. Reed, Isaac Caldwell and James E. Gillespie, that Robert Boyce has received for rents, previous to the 1st day of January 1824, the sum of 2100 dollars. That interest on this sum, from the 1st day of January 1824, till the 1st of September 1830 (at the rate of eight per centum per annum, the transaction having taken

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Boyce's Executors v. Grundy.]
place in the state of Jississippi, where, by the pleadings in this cause, that is admitted to be the legal rate of interest), will amount to 1120 dollars, amounting in all to 3220 dollars. The above depositions of Reed, Gillespie and Caldwell, and said agreement are herewith produced as a part of this report. It appears from the answer of defendants, that the land in controversy was devised by James Boyce, deceased, to one Richard Boyce, one of the defendants in this cause. All of which is respectfully submitted.
"'And exceptions to said report being argued by counsel, and fully understood by the court here, it is ordered, adjudged and decreed, that the exceptions to said report be overruled, and that the report be confirmed, except so far as relates to the interest on the sum of 2100 dollars. It is further ordered, adjudged and decreed, that the complainant recover of Robert Boyce the said sum of 2100 dollars, with interest from this day, to be levied of his own proper goods and chattels, lands and tenements, and that, for the balance due the complainant, amounting to 496 dollars and 46 cents, with interest from this time, and also the aforementioned sum of 2100 dollars, in case the same is not paid by the said Robert Boyce, on or before the first Monday in March next, and the costs of this suit, that the complainant has a lien on the tract of land in the state of Mississippi, in the pleadings mentioned, and is entitled to have the same sold to satisfy the above mentioned sums of money It is further ordered, adjudged and decreed, that in case the said sums of money and costs of suit, or any part thereof, be unpaid on the 1st day of March next, that in that case, the said tract of land and appurtenances, be exposed for sale at Natchez, in the state of Mississippi, by commissioners to be appointed by the clerk and master of this court, on such credit as he may direct, forty days notice of the time and place of sale being given in some public newspaper printed in Natchez. And it is further ordered, adjudged and decreed, in case of said sale, that the defendants, Robert Boyce, as executor and administrator with the will annexed, and Richard Boyce, join in a deed or deeds to the purchaser or purchasers, under the direction of the clerk and master of this court, and it is further ordered, that the clerk and master of this court make report of his proceedings to the next term of this court.'

' SUPREME COURT.
[Boyce's Executors v. Grundy.]
"The exceptions filed to the report of the clerk and master, are in the words following, to wit
"' Defendants, by their counsel, except in manner following to the report of the clerk and master of this court in this cause.
" ' 1. Itis not the fact, as stated by the said clerk and master, that the agreement between R. Boyce and F Grundy, of date the 23d of May 1823, admits, either on its face or by implication, that the said Robert Boyce had then or has now assets in his hands as executor of the last will and testament of James Boyce, deceased.
"'2. Defendants except to said report, if by it it is intended to render Rober Boyce liable, as executor of James, on the ground that he had assets in May 1823, because the same may have been long since paid away in discharge of debts due by the testator in his lifetime.
"'3. Defendant excepts to said report, because it shouldhave been stated that the agreement between R. Boyce and F Grundy, of May 23d 1823, was an agreement with said Boyce, not as executor, but in his own individual capacity, and that said Boyce was acting merely as attorney in fact for said Grundy, and is responsible, if at all, in his individual capacity,' -' the collections to be made by said Boyce, if the contract between James Boyce and said Grundy was rescinded, to be, stand and remain subject to future arrangements between said parties.'
"' For these and n!any other reasons to be assigned on argument, defendant's counsel pray that said report be recommtted to said clerk and master.'"
The defendants appealed to this court.
The case was argued Mr Loughborough, for the appellants, and by Mr Key, for the appelIlee.
Mr Loughborough, for the appellants. This cause was once before in this court, when, in 1830, the decree of the court below, of 1826, rescinding the contract for land between Grundy and Boyce, was affirmed. 3 Peters 210. By the decree of 1826, it was, amongst other things, directed

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Boyce's Execultors v. Grundy.]
that Robert Boyce, administrator of James Boyce, should pay to Grundy 1250 dollars purchase money, received by James Boyce, and 815 dollars for interest at eight per cent, making 2065 dollars, to be levied of the goods of the intestate.
At the first term of the circuit court, after the affirmance of this decree, the mandate of this court was entered, and, on the same day, the clerk and master was ordered to take and report an account of assets in the hands of Robert Boyce.
On the 28th September, during the same term, the master reported that no assets had come to the hands of the defendants, but that Robert Boyce had received 2100 dollars for rents, under an agreement with Grundy.
This report was excepted to, but sustained, except as to the interest, and a decree entered against Robert Boyce in his own right, for 2100 dollars, and interest from the date of the decree. Also, there was decreed to Grundy, 496 dollars and 46 cents, and interest, making the sum of 2596 dollars and 46 cents, with interest, for the whole of which the decree recognised a lien upon the land in Mississippi, and directed the same to be sold, unless the whole amount of principal, interest and costs should be paid by the 1st day of March succeeding.
The proceedings in the court below, subsequent to the decree of 1826, are improper. That decree was final, and concluded the whole cause. It settled the sum, with interest, due to the plaintiff, gave him execution for it and for the costs. It has every characteristic of a final decree. Nothing is reserved. It is a reservation of further directions in a decree that enables the court to give the plaintiff any subsequent incidental relief. 2 Mad. Ch. Pr. 456, 2 Atk. 284.
The order for an account before the master was erroneous such an order is in its nature interlocutory. It should precede, not follow a decree. After a final decree, an order for the defendant to account before the master, so as to vary the relief sought by the bill, cannot be granted on motion. Hendricks v.
Robinson, 2 Johns. Ch. Rep. 484. There is no regular way to call an executor to account but
by bill. I Ball and Beatty's Rep. 75. Though it be generally true, that when a cause comes up to
this court a second time, the court will not look behind its
mandate, yet the prior proceedings will be examined so far as VOL ix.-2 L

SUPREME COURT.
[Boyce's Executors v. Grundy.]
it is necessary to an investigation of new points of controversy, between the parties, not disposed of by the first decree. The Santa Maria, 10 Wheaton 431, 6 Cond. Rep. 176.
The decree now appealed from subjects Boyce in his own right yet the bill of Mr Grundy does not charge a devastavit. It was not framed with a view to charge Boyce personally It does not pray a discovery and an account of assets. It contains no allegations proper to found proceedings upon against the goods and chattels of Robert Boyce. The facts, the proof of which was necessary to subject R. Boyce in his own right, were not put in issue by the plaiiftiff's pleadings. The reference to the master, therefore, was not proper in this suit, and ihe last decree is not sustained by the pleadings. Carneal v. Banks, 10 Wheaton 181, 6 Cond. Rep. 64.
Neither do the proofs sustain the last decree. In fact no additional proof was taken after the first decree, either in court or before the master. The report of the master was a form only It was wholly founded upon evidence in the cause previous to the first decree. Can the circuit court, after a decree de bores testatoris, which reserves nothing, upon motion merely, and without further pleading or proof, make it a decree de bors propriis Q Can a final decree affirmed by this court be afterwards changed in a substantial matter by the court below ' The proceedings in the circuit court, after receiving the mandate of this court show an amendment made at the instance of one party, the other objecting, in the body of the first decree. If the last decree is proper, then the first, which was affirmed by this court, Is wrong.
The answer of Boyce does not admit assets. It responds to the matter of the contract only. But if it had admitted assets, the admission was waived by proceeding to an account before the master. 1 Bro. Ch. Rep. 484, 2 Mad. Ch. Pr. 379.
The master's report should not have been confirmed. The decree is not sustained by it. The reference was to ascertain the assets of James Boyce, In the hands of the defendant. The report states that no assets have come to defendant's hands. This was all the master had in charge. It was within the reference, and fully responsive to it, and upon this no decree against the defendant, personally, could be made. Indeed the

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Boyce's Executors v. Grundy.]
report states the fact which discharges Robert Boyce from individual responsibility
But the master, exceeding his authority, reports that R. Boyce has received a large sum for rents of the land in controversy, under an agreement with Grundy, of May 1823. The matter of rents was not referred to the master. When a master's report manifestly exceeds his authority, though not excepted to, but confirmed, still it must be considered a nullity 2 Mad. Ch. Pr. 508, 1 Merivale 179.
The receipt of the rents by Boyce, cannot charge him personally in this suit for purchase money paid to his intestate. Boyce received them as attorney in fact for Grundy, and his responsibility for them, is in his individual capacity, not as administrator. The rents, when received by Boyce, did not become assets of the estate of James Boyce. The agreement under which they were collected, recites a contemplated suit for the rescision of the contract, and provides that if the contract be affirmed, the rents may be applied by Boyce as purchase money, but if rescinded, they are to be held by Boyce, subject to future arrangement between the parties. Not only the event upon which alone they were to be applied as purchase money, did not happen, but, by the happening of the other event, the rescision of the contract, the express provision of the agreement took effect, and they were prevented falling into the estate of James Boyce as purchase money. Boyce's responsibility for these rents is at law, upon the agreement. Suppose an action against him by Grundy, could he plead this decree against him as administrator, for money due from the estate of another as a bar 'I In a suit by the distributees of the estate of James Boyce, for an account and distribution of the estate, can R. Boyce be charged with these rents as part of the assets, in the face of the agreement, making him responsible to Grundy for them I If this cannot be done, then it seems clearly to follow that Boyce cannot be made responsible for them in this suit because, a plaintiff cannot, in one suit in chancery, unite a demand against the estate of James Boyce, with one against the representative, personally, for which the estate was never chargeable. The whole effort in this case, is to satisfy a decree against the estate of James Boyce, out of money due to plaintiff from Robert. Will the

SUPREME COURT.
[Boyce's Executors v. Grundy.]
court permit the plaintiff thus to unite his demands q Will it allow him the privilege of substituting the report of a master in chancery for an action at law upon the agreement, and have a summary decree for his money Qt Boyce may have a good legal defence to an action at law, upon the agreement, yet of this he is deprived by the proceedings below
Upon the view of the matter now taken in behalf of Grundy, he has paid for purchase money not only 1250 dollars, but also 2100 dollars (the amount of the rents). Yet he alleged the payment of 1250 dollars only, and took his first decree for the return of that and interest. The report of the master is founded upon evidence in the court, prior to the first decree. It was not until after the affirmance of that decree by this court, that new light broke in upon Mr Grundy.
When a contract is rescinded, chancery puts the parties as nearly as may be in statu quo. If it returns to the one his money and interest, it gives to the other his land and rents. This has not been done here. Grundy possesses this land for five years, and now has a decree for his money and a large sum for interest, without the estate of James Boyce receiving any of the rents. This is unequal. The court should have done full justice.
The decree is erroneous in respect to interest. Interest is allowed upon -interest. This is improper. Waring v. Cunliffe, 1 Vesey, Jun. 99, Turner v. Turner, 1 Jacob and Walker 37, 3 Hen. and Mumf. 89-116.
A lien is declared upon land in Mississippi, and a sale of it is directed to satisfy the money due. The circuit court for Tennessee had no jurisdiction to do this. No court can act directly in rem, when the thing is out of its jurisdiction. Here neither the person of the defendant, nor the land, is within the jurisdiction of the court. Boyce is a citizen of Kentucky, and it is because he is not resident within the jurisdiction of the court, that the case is within its cognizance. The chancery of England has, it is true, taken cognizance of cases respecting land in Ireland and the colonies, but in such cases it never attempts to act directly upon the land itself. Having the person, it acts upon the land through the person, and compels a performance of its decrees by committing the party to the Fleet for a contempt by disobedience. The court below has not

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Boyce's Executors v. Grundy.j
taken that course. It has decreed as though the land in Mississippi were within its jurisdiction, and has directed its officer to sell it. This is certainly a novel proceeding.
Mr Key, for the defendant. The court below have only fairly proceeded, in obedience to the mandate, to such further proceedings as were proper. The mandate is referred to, to show that the cause was sent down for "such executions and proceedings to be had in said cause, as were according to right and justice." The appellee filed a petition in the circuit court on this mandate, and had the cause "set down for further directions," and then there was an order to the master to take an account. The report of the master says, there were no personal assets, but he reports other assets-real assets, equitable assets. The court then decreed, that out of these assets thusfound in defendant's hands, he shall pay over to the complainant, the amount adjudged to him by this court. This is a proper execution of the mandate. The original decree gave a certain relief, and all that was done by the court below was to adopt such further proceedings as were necess~ary to give the complainant the relief decreed. As to the orders of the court, they are correct, and accordmg to all the reasonable strictness required in chancery proceedings, cited 1 Swanst. 293, b73, 2 Bro. Ch. Pr. 548. As to motions and petitions, and further directions after decree also, 1 Grant's Chan. 230, 243, 244, 4 Madd. 464, 2 Grant 248. The master's report was properly confirmed. The decree states, the money to have been collected by Boyce. According to the evidence, it was the money of the testator, having been received from the lands, which became his, by the rescision of the contract. The master finds that that sum was in his hands as executor, and was assets. If not assets, under the circumstances, the defendant might have been considered to have collected these rents, pending the controversy, as a receiver. As to the objection that the court could not order land in the state of Mississippi to be sold, he contended that the court

SUPREME COURT.
[Boyce's Executors v. Grundy.]
(the parties being within its junsdiction) could proceed in rem. Penn v. Lord Baltimore, I Yes. Sen. 454, Lord Cranstown v. Johnson, 3 Yes. 170, 1 Salk. 404, 1 Vern. 75, 405, Carroll v. Lee, 3 Gill. & John. 509.
Mr Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the Court. This is an appeal from a decree of the circuit court for the district of west Tennessee, rendered upon a mandate directing that court to execute a former decree of this court. The case, when formerly before this court, will be found reported in 3 Peters 210, to which reference may, therefore, be had for a full statement of the facts. The material facts are, that the original plaintiff, Mr Grundy, in 1823 brought his bill against Robert Boyce and Richard Boyce, as executors of James Boyce deceased, for the rescision of a contract for the sale of lands in the state of Mississippi, stated in the bill, and for the repayment of the sums of money paid by the plaintiff on the contract, and for a perpetual injunction of a judgment obtained on the same contract. It appeared from the bill and answer, that Robert Boyce alone was qualified as executor under this will, and the answer alleged that another and later will had been subsequently discovered, by which the whole proceeds of the land in controversy were devised to Richard Boyce, who was appointed sole executor thereof, but he renounced the executorship, and Robert Boyce was appointed administrator, with the will annexed. Upon the hearing of the cause in the circuit court, in August 1826, it was among other things decreed, that the contract stated in the bill be in all things rescinded and annulled, and "that the defendant, Robert, administrator of the goods, &c. of James Boyce, deceased, do pay the sum of 1250 dollars, with legal interest thereon at the rate of eight per centum per annum, which appears to be the legal rate of interest in said state of Mississippi, from the said 5th day of July 1818 until this day, making the sum of 2065 dollars and 28 cents, to be levied of the goods, &c. of the said James in his hands, to be administered and execution issue therefor, as at law." From this decree the defendants appealed to this (the supreme) court, and at the January term thereof 1830, the decree of the circuit court was affirmed with costs; nothing be-

JANUARY TERM 1835.
p3oyce's Executors v. Grundy.]
ing said as to any allowance of damages or interest. A mandate in the usual form was issued to the circuit court, to carry the same into effect. At the September term of the circuit court 1830, in obedience to the mandate, the circuit court ordered the cause to be set down for further directions, and it was referred to the clerk, as master, to take an account of the assets of James Boyce in the hands of the defendant, Robert Boyce, to be administered, and to report thereon. The master made a report at the same term, stating, in substance, that it did not appear that any personal assets of James Boyce came to the hands of the defendants, as his executors, but that it did appear from the agreement between the plaintiff and the defendant, Robert Boyce, admitted to have been dated on the 23d of May 1823, and returned with the report, and from certain depositions in the case, that Robert Boyce had received for rents, previous to the 1st of January 1824, the sum of 2100 dollars, and that the interest thereon, from the 1st day of January 1824 to the 1st day of September 1830, at the rate of eight per cent, will amount to 1120 dollars, making in all 3220 dollars. The report also stated, that the land in controversy was devised by James Boyce to the defendant, Richard Boyce.
Upon the coming in of the master's report, exceptions were filed by the defendant, Robert Boyce, and upon hearing the same, they were overruled, and the report was confirmed by the circuit court at the same term, except as to the 1120 dollars. And thereupon the court decreed, "that the plaintiff recover of Robert Boyce the sum of 2100 dollars with interest from this day, to be levied of his own proper goods and chattels, &c., and that for the balance due the plaintiff, amounting to 496 dollars and 46 cents, with interest from this time, and also the aforementioned sum of 2100 dollars, in case the same is not paid by the said Robert Boyce on or before the first Monday in March next, and the costs of suit, the plaintiff has a lien on the tract of land in the state of Mississippi, in the pleadings mentioned, and is entitled to have the same sold to satisfy the above mentioned sums of money's And it then proceedeQ to direct the time, manner, &c. of the sale.
It is from this decree that the present appeal is taken, and various objections to it have been insisted upon in the arguments at the bar. Some confusion arises in the case, from the

SUPREME COURT.
[Boyce s Executors v. Grundy.]
report of the master h having stated, in one part tliereof,-that no assets came to the hands of the defendants as executors, and yet, in another part, having stated that the rents-of the land in controversy had come to the hands of Robert Boyce, under an agreement between the plaintiff and Robert Boyce, without stating that they had come to his hands as assets, and were now to be deemed assets of James Boyce. If, under the agreement, these rents were received by Robert Boyce, as agent of the plaintiff, and not as executor, it is very clear that in the present suit no decree could be had against him therefor; since he is sued only in his representative capacity as administrator, and therefore no decree could be rendered against him in his personal capacity. But if the rents, under the agreement, upon the rescision of the contract stated in the bill, and finally decreed thereon, became virtually the money of James Boyce, then they might be properly deemed assets in the hands of the administrator, and, as such, liable to the execution of the plaintiff. And we are of opinion that, under all the circumstances, the latter is the predicament in which they are to be viewed, and that the master ought to have reported the sum of 2100 dollars, so received, to be assets. And to this extent there is no objection to the decree of the circuit court.
A more important objection is, that the decree is not rendered against the administrator, as such, payable out of the assets in his hands to be administered, or payable out of the said sum of 2100 dollars (the rents above stated), and if these assets are not sufficient, then out of the assets of his testator, quando acciderent, but the decree is personally against Robert Boyce, for the said sum of 2100 dollars, to be levied out of his own proper goods and chattels, &c., although no devastavit is either suggested or proved. We are of opinion that the decree is erroneous in this respect, and that it ought to have been for the amount against the administrator in his representative character, to be levied of the assets of the testator in his hands, and as to the 2100 dollars, if no such assets should be found, then (as upon a devastavit) against the proper goods of the administrator to the same amount, with costs. In no other way can the defendant, Robert Boyce, be protected by the payment, in the course of his administration, of the assets of the testator; for it will not otherwise judicially appear, that the

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Boyce's Executors v. Grundy.]
rents were treated as assets. And, besides, the decree will not otherwise conform to the capacities and rights of the parties, according to the frame of the bill, and the original decree.
Another objection is to that part of the decree, which creates a lien upon the land in controversy, lying in another state, and decrees a sale for the discharge of the lien. We are of opinion, that the decree is erroneous in this respect. In the first place, the court had no jurisdiction to decree a sale to be made of land lying in another state, by a master acting under its own authority In the next place, the original decree, affirmed by the supreme court, which alone the circuit court was called upon to execute, created no such lien, and authorized no such sale. The decree was therefore, in both respects, not an execution of the former decree, but a new and enlarged decree. In the next place, the proper parties, the heirs at law or devisees, were not properly before the court, for though the master in his report states, that Richard Boyce was, under the will, devisee of the lands in controversy, this was a matter extra official, and not confided to the master by the reference to him, and, if it had been, the bill itself was not framed so as to charge the devisee or seek relief against him personally, but only as representative of the deceased.
Another objection to the decree is, that it decrees the sum of 496 dollars and 46 cents, intended, as is understood, (though not so stated in the decree) as interest upon the original sum decreed in the circuit court, viz. 2065 dollars and 28 cents, in 1826, from the time of the rendition thereof to the affirmance in the supreme court, in January term 1830. We are of opinion that there is error, also, in this part of the decree. By the judiciary act of 1789, ch. 20, s. 23, the supreme court is authorized, in cases of affirmance of any judgment or decree, to award to the respondent just damages for his delay. And by the rules of the supreme court, made in February term 1803 and February term 1807, in cases where the suit is for mere.delay, damages are to be awarded at the rate of ten per centum per annum on the amount of the judgment, to the time of the affirmance thereof. And in cases where there is a real controversy, the damages are to be at the rate of six per cent per annum only. And in both cases the interest i to be computed as part of the damages. It is, therefore, solely for the decision
VOL. IX.-2 DI

SUPREME COURT.
[Boyce's Executors v. Grundy.]
of the supreme court, whether any damages, or interest (as a part thereof), are to be allowed or not in cases of affirmance. If upon the affirmance no allowance of interest or damages is made, it is equivalent to a denial of any interest or damages; and the circuit court, in carrying into effect the decree of affirmance, cannot enlarge the amount thereby decreed, but is limited to the mere execution of the decree in the terms in which it is expressed. A decree of the circuit court allowing interest in such a case is, to all intents and purposes, quoad hoe, a new decree, extending the former decree. In Rose v Himely, 5 Cranch 313, it was said, that upon an appeal from a mandate, nothing is before the court but the proceedings subsequent to the mandate, and the court refused to allow interest in that case, which was given by the circuit court in executing the mandate, because it was not awarded by the supreme court upon the first appeal. The same point was fully examined in the case of The Santa Maria, 10 Wheaton's Rep. 431, 442, where the court held that interest or damages could not be given by the circuit court in the execution of a mandate, where the same had not been decreed by the supreme court upon the original appeal.
For these reasons, the decree of the circuit court must be reversed, and a new decree will be entered by this court upon the principles stated in this opinion.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the district of west Tennessee, and was argued by counsel, on consideration whereof, it is ordered, adjudged and decreed, that the decree of the circuit court, rendered upon 'the mandate aforesaid, be and hereby is reversed and annulled. And this court, proceeding to render such decree as the circuit court ought to have rendered in the premises, do further order, adjudge and decree as follows that the said sum of 2100 dollars, reported by the master as received for rents by the said Robert Boyce, under the agreement therein mentioned, ought, under all the circumstances of the case, to be deemed assets of the said James Boyce deceased, in his, the said Robert's hands, to be administered according to law, and that the same ought to be

JANUARY TERM 1835.

291

[Boyce's Executors v. Grundy.]
applied, in a due course of administration, to the payment of the debt of 2065 dollars and 28 cents, in the original decree of the circuit court, awarded to the plaintiff, and to the payment of the costs of the present suit, and it is therefore ordered, adjudged and decreed, that the same be so applied and paid by the said Robert, as administrator with the will annexed of tie said James Boyce, accordingly. And it is further ordered, adjudged and decreed, that execution do issue against the said Robert Boyce, administrator as aforesaid, for the said debt of 2065 dollars and 28 cents, and the costs of the present suit, to be levied of the goods and chattels, &c. of the said James Boyce, in the hands of the said Robert, administrator as aforesaid, and if none such shall befound, then to be levied out of the proper goods and chattels, &c. of him, the said Robert.

JANUARY TERM 1835.

483

GEORGE HARRISON, THOMAS H. WHITE AND OTHERS, AP-
PELLANTS V HENRY NIXON, SURVIVING EXECUTOR OF MAT-
THIAS A PDEN, DECEASED.
A bill was filed in the circuit court of the United States, for the district of Pennsylvania, stating that one Matthias Aspden, a citizen of Pennsylvania, made his will, dated in Philadelphia, on the 6th of December 1791, and bequeathed all his estate "to his heir at law," and died in April 1829; that letters testamentary were taken out in Pennsylvania by the executor; that large sums of money were received by him. and the bill prays for a decree in favour of the complainant, who asserts himself to be the true and only heir at law of the tesator, and that he is solely entitled to the bequest. The answer of the executor states, that from information and belief, the testator was born in Philadelphia, which was the residence of his parents about 1756; that he continued to reside there doing business as a merchant before lie was twenty-one, and before the breaking out of the war with Great Britain in 1776; being still a minor, he went to England, under a belief that Great Britain would soon prevail in the contest; that he subsequently came back to the United States, and invested large sums in government stocks. But, whether he afterwards went back to England as his home, or only for the purpose ofsuperintending his property; and whether the testator did, in fact, change his doinicil, the executor (save and except as appears by the facts) doth not know. He believes that the testator, when in England, considered himself as an alien, and he died in King Street, Holburn, London. That letters testamentary were taken out in England, and the will was proved there, and proceedings were instituted in England by a person claiming to be the heir at law. Various proceedings took place in the circuit court of Pennsylvania. A reference was made to a master to examine and state the heirs and next of kin of the testator, and a report made by him, which was afterwards confirmed, and thereupon a final decree was made in favour of John Aspden, ofLancashire, in England, one of the claimants before-the master, as entitled to the personal estate of the testator as " heir at law." The cause having come by appeal before this court for argument, a question occurred, whether the frame of the bill, taken by itself, or taken in connexion with the answer, contained sufficient matter upon which the court could proceed to dispose of the merits of the cause, and make a final decision.
By the Court. The bill contains no averment of the actual domicil of the testator at the time of the making of his will, or at the time of his death, or at any intermediate period nor does the answer contain any averments of domicil which supply these defects in the bill, even if it could so do. but in point of law it could not.
Every bill must contain in itself sufficient matter of fact, per so, to maintain the case of the plaintiff. The proofs must be according to the allegations of the parties, and if the proofs go to matters not within the allegations, the court cannot judicially act upon them as a ground for decision, for the pleadings do not put them in contestation.

SUPREME COURT. o
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
This is the case of a will, and so far as the matter of the bill is concerned, is exclusively confined to personalty bequeathed by that will. And the court are called upon to give a construction to the terms of the will, and in an especial manner to ascertain who is meant by the words" heirs at law," in the leading bequest in the will. The language of wills is not of universal interpretation, having the same import in all countries and under all circumstances. They are supposed to speak the sense of the testator according to the received laws and usages of the country where he is domiciled, by a sort of tacit reference to them; unless there is something in the language which repels or controls such a conclusion. In regard to personalty, in an especial manner; the law of the place of the testator's domicil governs the distribution thereof; unless it is manifest that the testator had the laws of some other country in view.
No one can doubt if a testator, born, and domiciled in England during his life, by his will gives his personal estate to his heir at law, that the descriptio personte would have reference to and be governed by the import of the terms, in the sense of the laws of England. The import of them might be very different if the testator were born and domiciled in France, in Louisiana, Pennsylvania or Massachusetts.
A will of personalty speaks according to the testator's domicil, when there are no other circumstances to contract the application. To raise the question what the testator meant, it must first be ascertained where was his domicil, and whether he had reference to the laws of that place, or to the laws of a foreign country.
The bill in this case should allege the material facts upon which the plaintiff's title depends, and the final judgment of the court must be given, so as to put them in contestation in a proper and regular manner - and the court cannot dispose of this cause without ascertaining where the testator's domicil was, at the time of his making his will and at the time of his death, and there ought to be suitable averments in the bill to put those matters in issue. The case ought be remanded to the circuit court for the purpose of having suitable amendments made, in reference to the domicil of the testator; and averments made of his domicil at the time of making the will, and at the time of his death, and at the intermediate period if any change took place.
Upon motions made to the court, and from proceedings in the circuit court, laid before the court, it appeared that there are certain claimants of the bequest, asserting themselves to be "heirs at law," whose claims were not adjudicated upon ii that court, on account of their having been presented at too late a period. By the Court. As 'the cause is to go back again for further proceedings, and must be opened there for new allegations and proofs, the claimants will have a full opportunity of presenting and proving their claims; and they ought to be let into the cause for that purpose.
No persons but those appearing to be parties on the record, can be permitted to be heard on an appeal or writ of error.
APPEAL from the circuit court of the United States for the eastern district of Pennsylvania.
Matthas Aspden, on the 6th day of December 1791, made his will, with the codicils annexed thereto, as follows

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.
"These are to certify, that I do hereby annul and revoke all my former wills, giving and bequeathing my estate, real and personal, to my heir-at-law, first paying all my just debts and funeral expenses, and the following legacies, first, to each of the children of my half brother, Benjamin Hartley deceased, that may be alive at my death, the sum of 100 pounds to each Pennsylvania currency, and to my half sister Bersheba Zane, wife of Elnathan Zane, the sum of 400 pounds Pennsylvania currency, both the above living or did live ator near Haddonfield, and to my half brother Roger Hartley, living at at present in Lancaster county, the sum of 300 pounds of the like currency Witness my hand, this 6th day of December 1791, Philadelphie.
MATTHIAS ASPDEN.
"Lest any question should arise about the legitimacy of my birth. It is my will, that my estate real and personal, shouldgo to the party who would be my lawful heir, in case there might arise any doubts on that head. It is firmly believed by, from the best information, that my birth was after marriage.
"Philedelphie, December 6th 1791. "I do further give 100 pounds Pennsylvania currency, to each of the children ofmy deceased half sister Ann Henchman, that may be living at my death. "December 6th 1791. "Note, my property on England is as follows 12,500 pounds in the four per cent stock, 3000 pounds in the five per cent stock, 1800 pounds in the three per cent stock." Indorsement. "The last of will of Matthias Aspden. I do hereby appoint my friends Mr George Roberts and Mr Abraham Lidden, with the president of the old bank at the time being, to be my executors to this my last will.
" MATTHIAs ASPDEN. '
At April sessions 1821, of the circuit court of the eastern district of Pennsylvania, the following bill was filed
"Samuel Packer, a citizen of the state of New Jersey v Henry Nixon, esquire, a citizen of the state of Pennsylvania, executor of the last will and testament of Matthias Aspden, esquire, late a citizen of the same state. In equity
"To the honourable the judges of -the circuit court of the

SUPREME COURT

[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]

United States of the third circuit, in and for the eastern district of Pennsylvania.

"Humbly complaining, showeth unto your honours, your

orator, Samuel Packer, a citizen of the state of New Jersey, that on the 6th day of December, in the year of our Lord 1791, one Matthias Aspden, esquire, a citizen of the state of Pennsyl-

vania, made and executed his last will and testament, bearing date the same day and year, wherein and whereby he gave and bequeathed all his estate, real and personal, to his heir at law, and of the said will appointed his friends, George Rob-

erts, Abraham Lidden, and the president of the old bank at the time being, executors, as by the said will, a true copy whereof is to this bill annexed, and which your orator prays may be

taken as part thereof, will more fully appear, after which, to

wit, on the

day of August, in the year of our Lord 1824,

the said Matthias Aspden departed this life, not having altered,

cancelled or revoked his said will, and the said George Roberts and Abraham Lidden being then deceased, and Henry Nixon,

esquire, a citizen of the state of Pennsylvania, being then president of the Bank of North America, which bank the testator meant and intended by the description of the old bank, te said Henry Nixon caused the said will to be duly proved

according to the laws of Pennsylvania, and having received
letters testamentary thereon, took upon himself the burthen of the execution thereof, and hath possessed himself of all the

goods, chattels and other personal estate of the said testator, to a very large amount. And your orator expressly charges, that

be is the true and only heir at law of the said Matthias Aspden, and that no other person than himself is entitled to claim or

receive the benefit of the said devise and bequest. And he hath repeatedly applied to the said Henry Nixon, to have an account of all and singular the personal estate of the said Matthias Aspden, and where and how the same is situated, and what is the true and exact amount thereof, and to have the amount thereof paid to him, deducting therefrom the just and reasonable charges of the said executor. But now, so it is, may it please your honours, that the said Henry Nixon, com-

bining and confederating with others, to your orator unknown, whose names, when discovered, he prays leave to insert with apt words to charge them as parties, denies that your orator is

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[harrison and others v. Nixon.]
the heir at law of said Matthias Aspden, or that he is in any way entitled to the benefit of any of te testamentary dispositions of the said Matthias Aspden, and refuses to render him any account of the assets, and to pay him any part thereof.
In tender consideration whereof, and forasmuch as your orator cannot have plain, adequate, and complete remedy at law, to the end thereof, that the said Henry Nixon, and his confederates, when discovered, on their oaths or affirmations, full, direct, and true answers may make to all and singular the matters aud things herein before set forth, as if they had been particularly interrogated thereon, and that the said Henry Nixon, may render and set forth a just and true account of all and singular the personal estate of the said Matthias Aspden, and where and how the same is situate, and whether there are any and what debts due, or claimed to be due therefrom, and may be decreed to pay to your orator the balance of the said moneys in his hands belonging to the said estate, to which your orator is justly entitled, and your orator may have such further relief in the premises, as is consistent with equity and good conscience, and to this honourable court shall seem meet."
To this bill the executor filed an answer as follows
"The answer of Henry Nixon, the defendant, to the bill of complaint of Samuel Packer, complainant.
"This defendant says, that he believes, and admits, that Matthias Aspden, the testator in the said bill named, at Philadelphia, duly made and executed his last will and testament in writing, and three codicils thereto, all bearing date the 6th day of December 1791 , and that such will and codicils are in the words and figures, or to the purport and effect in the paper annexed to the said bill set forth ; but for greater certainty as to the date and contents of said will and codicils, this defendant craves leave to refer thereto. And this defendant says, that the said testator deposited his said will and codicils, for safe custody, in the cashiers vault of the Bank of North America, at Philadelphia, known as the old bank, where the same were found after his decease. And the defendant believes it to be true, that the said testator departed

SUPREME COURT.
tHarnson and others v. Nixon.]
this life, on or about the 9th day of August 1824, in the city of London, without having revoked or altered his said will and codicils. And the defendant further answenng, says, that George Roberts and Abraham Lidden, in the said will respectively named, both died in the lifetime of the said testator, that the defendant, at the'time of the death of said testator, was the president of the Bank of North America, at Philadelphia, known as the old bank. And the defendant admits it to be true, that soon after the death of the said testator, to wit, on the 19th day of November 1824, this defendant duly proved the said will and codicils, in the office of the register for the probate of wills and granting letters of administration for the city and county of Philadelphia, and received letters testamentary thereon. And that the defendant also duly proved the said will and codicils in the prerogative court of Canterbury, in England, and obtained probate thereto from that court. And this defendant admits it to be true, that as executor as aforesaid, he has possessed himself of all the personal estate aud effects of the said testator in the United States, or of so much thereof, as has come to his knowledge, a true account of which is in the schedule hereto annexed. And this defendant has paid the charges of proving the said will, at Philadelphia, and other charges incident thereto, and six of the legacies, the others having not yet been claimed, bequeathed by the said will, a true account of which payments is in the schedule hereto annexed, and that as executor, other charges must be incurred in managing and settling the estate, the amount of which cannot now be ascertained, and that this defendant, as executor, will be entitled to a commission for his services. And this defendant further answering, says, that he believes it to be true, that the said testator was, at the time of his death, (among other descriptions of property) possessed of property in the English funds, that is to say, 4000 pounds bank stock, 10,000 pounds, three per cent consolidated bank annuities, 192,500 pounds reduced three and a half per cent bank annu-
ities, and 3,500 pounds, new four per cent bank annuities,
and that the said testator, also, was possessed of East India stock, and also of South Sea stock to a considerable amount, that is to say, 3000 pounds East India stock, and 5000 pounds South Sea stock. And this defendant believes that the said

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
testator died possessed of other personal property to a consideble amount, and particularly of the sum of 790 pounds 3 shillings and 5 pence, in the hands of his bankers, Messrs Hoare, of London, but that no part of the property of the said testator, except that in the United States of America, as before stated, has come to the hands or possession of this defendant. That the whole of the property of the said testator, in England, is claimed by John Aspden, of London, as entitled thereto, under the devise of the said testator, as his heir at law, and that the said John Aspden has filed a bill in the court of chancery, in England, against this defendant, as executor of the said testator-and has, by the injunction of the said court, restrained and prevented this defendant and his agents from obtaining possession of any part of the property in England, of which the said testator died possessed, further than that his attorneys, S. Williams and J. Sterling, received the sum of 300 pounds, being one half year's dividend on 3000 pounds, East India stock belonging to the testator. That the expenses of proving the will of the said testator, in England, amounted to 715 pounds 17 shillings and 10 pence, to pay which in part the said sum of 300 pounds was applied by Messrs Williams and Sterling, and the residue, 415 pounds 17 shillings and 10 pence, was paid out of the sum in the hands of Messrs Hoare, the testator's bankers. The said suit in chancery, by the said John Aspden, is yet pending and undetermined. This defendant has annexed to this, his answer, a copy of the bill filed by said John Aspden. And this defendant, further answering, says, he does not know, and is unable to answer, from his belief or otherwise, whether the said testator left the complainant his heir at law, or whom he left his heir at law. But this defendant, further answering, says, that the said John Aspden, of London, claims to be heir at law, and as such, entitled to the residue of the said testator's property, and that there are many persons residing in the United States of America, who claim to be next of kin to the said
testator, and as such, to be entitled to distributive shares of the estate. That thins defendant is not able, from his own knowledge, to name all the persons who so claim to be next of kin, but that he has annexed to this his answer, a schedule, which he prays may be taken as part of his answer, con-
VOL. Ix.-3 Di

SUPREME COURT.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
taming the names of some of the persons so claiming to be next of kin, and the manner in which they, or some of them, have alleged to this defendant, they are connected with the said testator. This defendant, further answering, says, that three suits have been instituted against him, as executor of the said testator, in the district court of the city and county of Philadelphia, by persons claiming to be next of kin to the said testator, to wit, one to December term 1826, by Stacy Kirkbridge and Sarah, his wife, late Sarah Hammett, another to the same term, by James Packer, and the third to September term 1827, by Job Packer, which suits are still pending and undetermined. And this defendant, further answering, says, that he can neither admit nor deny that the said testator was a citizen of Pennsylvania, as alleged in the said bill. That from information, he believes that the said Matthias Aspden, the testator, was born in or about the year 1756, at Philadelphia, then being the place of residence of his parents, that he continued to reside there, and afterwards was engaged in business at Philadelphia as a merchant, with some success, before he was twenty-one years of age. Upon the breaking out of the war between Great Britain and America, in the year 1776, or some time in that year, being still a minor, he went to England, with what view, this defendant, from his own knowledge, is not able to say, but he believes that he went with an impression that the power of Great Britain must soon prevail in putting down the resistance made in America. That the said testator subsequentlycaine several times to the United States of America, and invested large sums there in the public or government stock, or in other securities, that he made his will and the codicils thereto, at Philadelphia, the place of his birth, and deposited them in the bank there, but whether after so returning to the United States of America, the testator went back to England as his home, or only for the purpose of superintending his property, and Wvhether the testator did, in fact, change his domicil, this defendant (save and except as appears by the facts) doth not know, and is unable to answer. But this defendant believes that the said testator, when in England, considered himself as an alien, and as such, claimed to have returned the tax taken from his dividends while he was absent from England, according to the provisions of the

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
law exempting aliens from the tax if not resident in England. That he died in King street, Holborn, London. "And this defendant says, that he submits to the judgment of the court, whether, upon the true construction of the said will of the said testator, the next of kin of the said testator are entitled, under the same, to take the residue of the personal estate and effects of the said testator, or whether the complainant, if he be the heir at law, and If not, whether any other person as heir at law of the said testator, is entitled to take the same under the said will as such heir at law. And this defendant submits to act as this honourable court shall direct, being indemnified and paid his costs, charges and expenses therein. And this defendant denies all combination and confederacy with which he is charged in and by the said bill, without this, that, &c.
"EIENRY NIXON."
Petitions were filed in the circuit court by persons who claimed to have distribution among them of the estate of the testator, as the party contemplated by the will, each petition setting forth the relationship between the persons presenting the same, and the testator, and praying to be admitted as parties to the suit, for the purpose of claiming the fund admitted by the executor to be in his hands, and that the court would direct inquiries to be made as to their respective claims. George Harrison and the other appellants were among those who filed petitions.
Upon the reading and filing of the petitions of George Harrison, the court made an order, according to the prayer of the same. Job Packer and John Zane were, by order of the court, on their application, made defendants, and Isaac Zane was entered as one of the complainants in the case. The record contained no order or action of the court on the other petitions, except an entry in reference to each petition, "read and filed," or "filed."
The circuit court ordered that it be referred to a master to examine and state the next of kin of the testator, Matthias Aspden, and commissions were ordered to take the depositions of distant witnesses.
After the coming in of the master's report, in which was 3 DO

SUPREME COURT
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
contained a list of the heirs and kindred of the whole and half blood of Matthias Aspdert the testator, and in which he reports that John Aspden was "heir at common law," the circuit court made the following decree.
"And now, this 26th day of December A. D. 1838, this cause coming on to be heard on the bill, answer, petitions, exhibits, proofs and master's reports, and the several parties having been fully heard by their counseland the court having taken time to consider of the same till this day, do order, adjudge and decree, that the defendant Henry Nixon, surviving executor of Matthias Aspden deceased, do account for, pay over, transfer and deliver, to John Aspden, of Lancashire, in England, one of the said parties, the heir at law of the said Matthias Aspden, the entire balance of the personal estate of the said Matthias Aspden, which has come to his hands to be administered, after paying the debts and legacies of the said Matthias Aspden, and the costs of this suit (which are hereby ordered to be paid out of the said fund). And the court do further order, adjudge and decree, that the bill and petitions, so far as they relate to the other complainants and petitions, who are claimants before the court, and all other claimants before the court, however appearing, be dismissed without costs.
"As to all parties who are claimants before the courtby bill, petition, or otherwise, their complaint, petition, and proceedings are dismissed without costs." (a)
From this decree George Harrison and Thomas H. White, Ann Emily Bronson, Elizabeth White Bronson, Hetta Atwater Bronson and William White Bronson, minors by their guardian the said Thomas H. White, Mary Harrison, a minor by her guardian Elizabeth Harrison, Esther M'Pherson, and Elizabeth M'Pherson, children of Elizabeth M'Pherson deceased, John Zane and Isaac Zane, prosecuted an appeal to this court.
Before the argument of the case, Mr James S. Smith stated to the court, that he, with Mr Coxe, appeared before the court either as amici curie, or as the court would permit them to appear; in behalf of the heirs of John Aspden, late of Old street,
(a) In the Appendix, No. 2, will be found the opinion of the circuit court of the eastern district of Pennsylvania in this case, delivered by Mr Justice Baldwin.

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
London, who claim to be the heirs at law of Matthias Aspden the testator and who had no notice of the proceedings in the circuit court of Pennsylvania. It is the wish of the counsel for these claimants to be permitted to show irregularities in the proceedings, and to have the case remanded to the circuit court, in order that they may be allowed to come in and substantiate their claims to the whole estate, as the heir at law John Aspden, whose heirs they represent, prosecuted a claim to the estate of the testator, by a bill in the court of chancery in England, which bill is referred to, and annexed to the answer of the executor, filed in the circuit court, and forms part of the record now before this court.
Mr Sergeant, for the appellees, objected. The heirs of John Aspden made an application to the circuit court for a bill of review, for the purpose of obtaining admission into the case. The court refused to give them the permission asked, and they then obtained a citation from the orphan's court of the county of Philadelphia, directed to Henry Nixon, as executor of Matthias Aspden, returnable on the 16th of January 1835, four days after the meeting of this court, thus seeking to maintain their claims in that court. They have since filed an onginal bill in the circuit court of Pennsylvania, against the executor.
Mr Coxe, in-support of the application. The case now before the court, is that of a bill filed by Samuel Packer, asserting himself to be the heir at law of the testator, ex parte materna, against the executor. These were the original parties to the proceedings, other persons came in by petition, which petitions were filed, but no amendments were made to the bill, and on the filing of some of the petitions no order was made by the circuit court, directing the petitioners to be admitted as parties. The appeal from the circuit court is not made by Samuel Packer, who was the only party who could appeal.
The counsel who present this application, desire that the court will look at the record, and they trust, that the court, seeing its imperfections, will remand the case to the circuit court. The proper parties are not before the court.
At the last sessions of this court, the Chesapeake and Ohio

SUPREME COURT.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
Canal Company were permitted to appear in the case of Mumma v. The Potomac Company, and take upon themselves the whole argument of the case. 8 Peters 281.
Mr Justice STORY stated, that it appeared by the charter of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company, that the Potamac Company had been merged m the former company, and had vested in them all their property, and were subjected to the responsibilities of the Potomac Company.
Mr Chief Justice MARSHALL. The only parties the court can know, are those in the record. They cannot permit counsel who represent parties who may think themselves interested, not in the'record, to come in and interfere. Let the argument proceed, and if the court see that the proper parties are not before the court, they will act as may be required.
Mr Ingersoll, representing the executor, handed to the court the proceedings of the circuit court of the district of Pennsylvama, on a bill of review filed by the heirs of John Aspden of Old street, London, against the executor, and the citation issued to the executor at their instance, in the orphan's court of the county of Philadelphia.
At a subsequent day of the term, when the cause came on for argument upon the merits, a question was presented by Mr Webster, who, with Mr Tilghman and Mr Newbold, was the counsel for the appellants, whether the bill taken by itself, .or in connexion w'ith the answer, contained sufficient matter upon which the court could proceed, and finally dispose of the cause, It was submitted, that the bill contains no averment of the actual domicil of the testator, at the time he made his will, or at any intermediate period, before, or at his death.(a) The court directed this question to be argued, before the argument should proceed on the merits.
(a) In the Appendix, No. 3, will be found extracts from the opinion of the circuit court of Pennsylvania, in this case, which are inserted as showing the view of the court on the effect of the domicil of Matthias Aspden in the construction of the will.

JANUARY TERM 1835.

495

[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
Mr W Rawle, Jun., for John Aspden. The motion to remand this cause is founded on a suggestion that its decision will turn upon the question of the testator's domicil, and that this fact, not being averred in the leadings, the court cannot decide it. If it can be shown, either that the fact is not material, or that it is sufficiently averred, the motion cannot be sustained. In the court below, the question of domicil, though it was made a point in the cause, was little relied upon. The argument went mainly on the ground that the law of England and that of Pennsylvania, as to the construction of the will in question, was the same, and if this position be correct, it is manifest that the question of domicil is wholly immaterial. The establishment of this position, however, belongs to the main argument. To discuss the principal question in the cause, upon a preliminary question, whether or not the cause shall come on, would derange the whole order of the argument, and place the appellee under great disadvantages. The proper course seems to be, for the court to hear the cause argued, and if the decree of the circuit court can be affirmed, without touching the question of domicil, it will be unnecessary to consider whether the pleadings raise that question ornot. If, on the other hand, it be found to be material, and the record does not present it properly to the court, it will be time enough to remand the cause in order to have the pleadings amended. But the question of domicil, if it be material, is before the court. The rules of equity pleading, though they call for certainty and precision to a reasonable extent, are not so rigorous in their requirements, as those which govern the proceedings of courts of law. From the nature and objects of its jurisdiction, the rules of a court of chancery must possess a more liberal character. 2 Madd. Ch. 168, Coop. Eq. Pl. b, 340. Testing the record of this cause by the rules of pleading in equity, fairly construed, the question of domicil is distinctly raised. The proper place for the averment of such a fact is the bill, but if that be defective, the defect may be cured by the subsequent pleadings. If a material fact be not averred in the bill, it is not a good bill. To constitute a good bill, it must set forth such a case as will, upon its face, entitle the complainant to a decree in his favour. He niust stale his title

SUPREME COURT.
[Harison and others v. Nixon.]
in such a manner as to give the court to understand the character in which he claims, and the nature and extent of his interest. Mitf. 41, 42, 156, 2 Madd. 168, Coop. 5, 6, 7. If, however, these matters be stated in general terms, it is sufficient. All the subordinate facts in the evidence intended to be given, need not be stated. Every subordinate fact is substantially averred by the averment of a general fact, which embraces them. If the bill, on its face, shows an equity in the complainant, if it exhibit him in a character possessing a right to sue, and having an interest which he has a right to claim, it is a good bill, and the defendant must plead to it, or answer it. If it be defective, a demurrer may at once be opposed to it. Mitf. 13, Coop. 109, 118.
The criterion of the soundness of a bill, is its capacity to bear the test of a demurrer. By this test let the bill in this case be tried. It sets out the will of the testator, &c., and avers that the complainant is his heir at law, within the meaning of the will, and, as such, entitled to the property disposed of by it. It does not set out the details of his title. It does not say whether he is heir by the law of England or by that of Pennsylvania, nor does it state how he is heir, so as to show under which law he claimed, and it would have been highly imprudent if he had done so. If he had stated his title in such a manner as to show that he claimed under the law of England alone, or under that of Pennsylvania alone, he might have been confined to proof of his title as stated but by asserting his claim as heir at law generally, he may show that he is so by any law which may govern the case.
If the law of England and that of Pennsylvania be the same, it is clear that it is of no consequence where the domicil was. If, on the other hand, he was the heir at law intended by the will, only because the testator's doinicil was in England, then the fact of domicil was a subordinate fact-one of the constituent parts of the character of heir, the averment of which is embraced by the averment of the general fact of his being the heir at law described by the testator. When he avers that he is the heir, he avers all the facts which make him so. The whole embraces all the parts.
Applying to this bill the test of a demurrer, does it show

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
title in the complainant ' If it had been demurred to, what would have been the result 7 The will gives the estate of the testator to his heir at law, the plaintiff avers that he is the testator's heir at law, the demurrer admits tliathe is so and, as a necessary consequence, the decree must be in his favour; or the defendant must plead or answer.
The fact of domicil, therefore, if it be material, is substantially averred in the bill.
But if the bill be defective, it is cured by the answer, which distinctly presents to the court the question of domicil. An answer not only meets the case set forth by the bill, but may set forth new matter essential to the defendant's case, either to add to or qualify the case exhibited by the bill, or to make out a new and in6pendent case for himself. If the new facts stated in the answer are denied by the plaintiff's replication, they are put in issue, if they are not denied, they are submitted to the court, by whom their legal effect is determined. Mitf, 15, 315, 314, Cowp. 324, 2 Maddock 331. If, then, facts necessary to make out the plaintiff's case are not found in the bill, but the defendant introduces them into the answei, and submits the whole matter to the court, it is regularly before them.
This rule has a peculiar application tW a suit against a trustee, such as the defendant in this cause. Mitf. 11. In the present instance the whole matter is presented by the answer. The defendant answers what he considers the interrogatories propounded by the bill. He does not aver that the testator's domicil was either in England or Pennsylvania, but he states distinctly all the facts within his knowledge upon which the question of domicil depends, and being incapable of drawing the conclusion of law from the facts, he submits the decision of the question to the court, to whom it properly be. longs. If he had answered otherwise, he must have done so with great latitude of conscience, for how could he undertake to swear to a conclusion of law q
The reason of the law is its life. The reason why averments are required is, that the parties may be apprised of what they are to meet, and to prevent surprise. Coop. 5, 7. If then the plaintiff omits to state his case in such a manner as to apprise his adversary of a material fact in dispute, and the defendant shows, not only by his answer, but by his
VOL. ix.-3 N

SUPREME COURT.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
evidence, that he is fully aware of it, how can it be alleged that he is taken by surprise, and how can the court be at a loss for the means of deciding the question raised by it? After such an answer, no reasonable objection could be made to any evidence on the subject of domicil offered by the plaintiff, for the question having been raised by the answer, if not by the bill, either party was at liberty to give his proofs in relation to it. Neither party could object to the evidence for want of an averment but the answer to the present motion derives additional force from the circumstance, that not only no objection was made to evidence offered by the plaintiff, but the real defendants in the cause, by whom the present motion is made, themselves gave the only evidence that was given on the subject of the testator's domicil. The parties went to a hearing upon that evidence, and the court passed upon it. Can it then be tolerated, that the party who raised the question, who gave all the evidence he could collect in reference to it, who went to a hearing upon it, and had a decree against him; shall, in an appellate court, move to remand the cause for want of a technical averment in the bill' To permit him to do so, would be to sacrifice reason and justice to the merest and most unsubstantial form. It would be vain to say that courts of equity act on the broad principles of justice, and that rules are devised as instruments for the promotion of its ends. To grant the present motion, the court must go beyond a court of law in its adherence to technicality.
Mr Tilghman, for the appellants. It is the wish of all the parties interested in this case, that all the questions involved in it shall be fully presented, and a full discussion of them take place, before this court shall decide upon the interests affected by these questions. To the executor this is most important, for his protection. But a decree of this court, in the present state of the pleadings, will not be a final termination of the controversy.
The fact of the domicil of Matthias Aspden, does not appear in the pleadings, or on the evidence in the case. It is not averred in the bill, nor is it brought forward in the answer. The bill alleges, that the will was made by a citizen of Pennsylvania the answer admits this, and that the testator died in

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
London. Neither the assertion of citizenship, or the admission of the place of death, puts forth the fact of domicil.
The fact of the testator's domicil has always been considered as most important in the case, whether in England, or in Pennsylvania, will, as the appellants believe, have a positive and decisive influence on the rights of the claimants. If the domicil is now conceded by the appellees to have been in Pennsylvania, the appellants are ready to proceed in the argument of all the other questions in this cause.
In England, proceedings to establish the claims of certain persons who live there, were instituted for the purpose of obtaining the property of the testator in that kingdom, and the proceedings were dismissed on the ground that the domicil of the testator was in America, and the whole of the questions in the case, and all the claims of those who made claims were properly to be litigated in Pennsylvania.
The executor has not undertaken to represent the interests of any one, but he stands independent. He asks, that the case shall be so disposed of, that he shall be protected from all further claims. If the record shall be certified, after the case shall be decided, without containing an explicit averment of domicil, and that the fact of domicil was nbt inquired into it will not appear that the fact of domicil is decided. This would, expose the executor to a claim in another state, resting or asserted to rest on the domicil, and clarmed to be essential to the full decision of the right of parties under the will.
It is not the purpose of the counsel for the appellants to refer the court to the elementary rules on this point, as it is conceded by the counsel for the appellees, that the allegation of domicil must appear in the pleadings. The only question therefore is, does this appear, or was it so made, as that it was investigated, and decided by the circuit court.
It is known to the court that there is another party claiming the whole of the property of the testator, and who is not in the proceedings before the circuit court. He is a formdable party, on the principles decided in the circuit court. This party was, in the opinion of that court, on a bill for a review which was presented to the court, admitted to be of this character. Cited the opinion of the circuit court in the case re-

SUPREME COURT.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
ferred to.(a) It is thus shown that the record is defective, and that there is such a party. But to the next of kin, the appellants, this party is of no importance. His claim does not affect their claims. They deny his rights as heir at law, although they maintain that his rights, and those of all others shall be presented in the case before its final disposition.
Mr Sergeant, in reply Is the question of domicil open on the pleading"q Does it appear important ' If the want of an essential averment is not taken notice of by the party claiming it as necessary, when he has a full opportunity to do so, his Tight and opportunity to do so may be lost. If the point is not sufficiently before the court, the party complaining should have moved to suppress the evidence on it. If he does not do this, and goes into the investigation, can he afterwards avail himself of it, having taken the opportunity of an examination and discussion of the case, and this after a decree. Those who were parties in the circuit court are precluded from taking this exception. Is there not in the pleadings sufficient to have introduced evidence as to the domicil of the testatorq And if therewas not, should not those who consider such an averment essential, have moved to suppress all evidence on it Is it necessary to allege domicil q The law settles, that every man has a domicil. The answer of the executor shows, that'the domicil was brought forward. But in this case, the domicil of the testator was unimportant, as the law of England and Pennsylvania, by which this case must be decided, is alike. There is enough in the case for the decision of all the claims on the estate of the testator; and the executor will be entirely safe under the decision of this court. He has done all that could or can be required of him. It is denied that any persons but those in the record have any right to interpose in this court, nor should the proceedings in the circuit court, after the appeal, have been referred to. Certainly no reference should have been made to the opinion of the
(a) The opinion -of the circuit court of Pennsylvania, deliveredfl this case by Mr Justice Baldwin, will be found in the Appendix, No. 3.

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
court, in a case subsequently brought before that court, by a person not a party in the case here. Nor would the opinion of the presiding judge in the circuit court susta.a the reference to it, if that opinion were fully examined.
Mr Ingersoll, counsel for the executor, offered to the court the proceedings in the circuit court of Pennsylvania, on a bill of review filed in that court against the executor.
He stated, that if the court shall think proper to take those proceedings into their consideration, the counsel for the executor, and those who represent the parties to the bill of review, are prepared and ready to act as may be considered proper, and may be permitted.
Mr Sergeant desired, that the principal question before the court shall be first decided, and after this shall be disposed of, any other matters wuch may properly be considered may be examined.
Mr Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the Court. This is the case of an appeal from a decree of the circuit court of the district of Pennsylvania, in a suit in equity The bill was filed by Samuel Packer, and asserts, that one Matthias Aspden, a citizen of Pennsylvania, made his will, dated in Philadelphia, on the 6th of December 1791, and thereby bequeathed all his estate, real and personal, to his heir at law, and afterwards died in August 1824, and his will was proved and letters testamentary were taken out in Pennsylvania by the appellee, under which he has received large sums of money, and the bill then asks for a decree in favour of Packer, who asserts himself to be the true and only heir at law of Matthias Aspden, and that he is soleiy entitled under the bequest. The answer of the executor states, from information and belief, that the testator was born in Philadelphia, which was the residence of his parents, about 1756, that he continued to reside there, doing busihess as a merchant, with some success, before he was twenty-one years of age, that before the breaking out of the war between Great Britain and America in 1776, being still a minor, he went to England, with what view, the executor is not, from his own knowledge, able to say-but he believes that he went with an

SUPREME COURT
(Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
impression, that the power of Great Britain must soon prevail in putting down resistance in America, that the testator subsequently came several times to the United States, and invested large sums in government stocks and other securities, but whether after so returning to the United States, the testator went back to England as his home, or only for the purpose of superintending his property, and whether the testator did in fact change his domicil, the executor (save and except as appears from the facts) doth not know, and is unable to answer, but he believes that the testator, when in England, considered himself as an alien, &c., and he died in King street, Holborn, London. The answer also states, that the executor proved the will, and took out letters testamentary in England, and states certain proceedings had upon a bill in chancery in England, against him, by one John Aspden there, claiming to be the heir at law of the testator, and annexes to his answer a copy of the bill. He also alleges, that several other persons have made claims to the same property, as next of kin of the testator, of whose names, &c. he annexes a schedule.
Various proceedings were had in the circuit court of Pennsylvania, and a reference was made to a master to examine and state who were all the heirs, and next of kin, of the testator. The master made a report, which was afterwards confirmed, and thereupon a final decree was made by the court, in favour of John Aspden of Lancashire in England, one of the persons who made claim before the master, as entitled, as heir at law, to the personal estate in the hands of the executor, and the claims of the other persons claiming as heirs at law, were dismissed, and the present appeal has been taken by several of these claimants.
The cause having come before this court for argument upon the merits, a question occurred whether the frame of the bill, taken by itself, or taken in connexion with the answer, contained sufficient matter upon which the court could proceed to dispose of the merits of the cause, and make a final decision. The bill contains no averment of 'the actual domicil of the testator at the time of the making of his will, or at the time of his death, or at any intermediate period. Nor does the answer contain any averments of doncil, which supply these

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
defects in the bill, even if it could so do, as we are of opinion, in point of law, it could not. Every bill must contain in itself sufficient matters of fact, per se, to maintain the case of the plaintiff, so that the same may be put in issue by the answer, and established by the proofs. The proofs must be according to the allegations of the parties and if the proofs go to matters not within the allegations, the court cannot judicially act upon them as a ground for its decision for the pleadings do not put them in contestation. The allegataand the probatamust reciprocally meet and conform to each other. The case cited at the bar, of Matthew v. Hanbury, 1 Vern. Rep. 187, does not in any manner contradict this doctrine. The proofs there offered were founded upon allegations in the bill, and went directly to overthrow the consideration of the bonds, set up in the answer, in opposition to the allegations of the bill, the latter having asserted that the bonds were obtained by threats and undue means, and not for any real debt, or other good consideration. Is, then, any averment of the actual domicil of the testator, junder the circumstances of the present case, proper and necessary to be made in the bill, in order to enable the court to come to a final decision upon the merits2' We think that it is, for the reasons which will be presently stated.
The point was never brought before the circuit court for consideration, and, consequently, was not acted on by that court. It did not attract attention, (at least as far as we know) on either side, in the argument there made, and it was probably passed over, (as we all know matters of a similar nature are every where else) from the mutual understanding that the merits were to be tried, and without any minute inquiry whether the merits were fully spread upon the record. It is undoubtedly an inconvenience, that the mistake has occurred, but we do not see how the court can, on this account, dispense with what, in their judgment, the law will otherwise require.
The present is the case of a will, and so far at least as the matter of the bill is concerned, is exclusively confined to personalty bequeathed by that will. And the court are called upon to give a construction to the terms of the will, and in an especial manner to ascertain, who is meant by the words "heir at law," in the leading bequest in the will. The language of wills is

SUPREME COURT.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
not of universal interpretation, having the same precise import in all countries, and under all circumstances. They are supposed to speak the sense of the testator, according to the received laws or usages of the country where be is domiciled, by a sort of tacit reference, unless there is something in the language which repels or controls such a conclusion. In regard to personalty in an especial manner, the law of the place of the testator's doiicil governs In the distribution thereof, and will govern in the interpretation of wills thereof, unless it is manifest that the testator had the laws of some other country in his own view
No one can doubt, if a testator born and domiciled in England during his whole life, should, by his will, give his personal estate to his heir at law, that the descriptio personm would have reference to and be governed by the import of the terms in the sense of the laws of England. The import of them might be very different, if the testator were born and domiciled in France, in Louisiana, in Pennsylvania, or in Massachusetts. In short, a will of personalty speaks according to the laws of the testator's domicil, where there are no other circumstances to control their application, and to raise the question, what the testator means, we must first ascertain what was his domicil, and whether he had reference to the laws of that place, or to the laws of any foreign country. Now, the very gist of the present controversy turns upon the point who were the person, or persons, intended to be designated by the testator, under the appelIhtion of "heir at law" If, at the time of making his will, and at his death, he was domiciled in England, and had a reference to its laws, the designation might indicate a very different person, or persons, from what might be the case, (we do not say what is the case) if, at the time of making his will, and of his death, he was domiciled in Pennsylvania. In order to raise the question of the true interpretation and designation, it seems to us indispensable that the country, by whose laws his will is to be interpreted, should be first ascertained , and then the inquiry is naturally presented, what the provisions of those laws are.
If this be the true posture of the present case, then the bill should allege all the material facts upon which the plaintiff's title depends, and the final judgment of the court must be given, so as to put them in contestation in a proper and regular

JANUARY TERM 1865.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
manner. And we do not perceive how the court can dispose of this cause without ascertaining where the testator's domicil was, at the time of his making his will, and at the time of his death, and if so, then there oughL to be suitable averments in the bill to put these matters in issue.
In order to avoid any misconception, it is proper to state, that we do not mean, in this stage of the cause, to express any opinion, what would be the effect upon the interpretation of the will, if the domicil of the testator was in one country at the time of his making his will, and in another country at the time of his death. This point may well be left open for future consideration. But being of opinion, that an averment of the testator's domcil is indispensable in the bill, we thinkthe case ought to be remanded to the circuit court, for the purpose of having suitable amendments made in this particular; and that it will be proper to aver the domicil at the time of making the will, and at the time of the death of the testator, and during the intermediate period (if there be any change), so that the elements of a full decision may be finally brought before the court. The petitions of the claimants should contain similar averments.
It appears, from the motions which have been made to this court, as well as from certain proceedings in the court below, which have been laid before us in support thereof, that there are certain claimants of this bequest, asserting themselves to be heirs at law, whose claims have not been adjudicated upon in the court below, on account of their having been presented at too late a period. As the cause is to go back again for further proceedings, and must be again opened there for new allegations and proofs, these claimants will have a full opportunity of presenting and proving their claims in the cause and we are of opinion, that they ought to be let into the cause for this purpose. In drawing up the decree, remanding the cause, leave will be given to them, accordingly. The decree of the circuit court is, therefore, reversed, and the cause is remanded to the circuit court, for further proceedings, in conformity to this opinion.
Mr Justice BALDWIN, dissenting. The preliminary question which has been decided by this
VOL. ix.-3 o

SUPREME COURT.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
court, is one of the deepest interest to all suitors in the inferior courts of the United States, the judges thereof, and the profession generally The nature of the objection to hearing
the cause-on its merits, or to even examine the evidence or the decree; the time at which it was made, with its attendant circumstances, make this case a precedent of infinite importance as a rule for future proceedings in a court of the last resort, in the exercise of a jurisdiction exclusively appellate.
A final decree of a circuit court, rendered in a long pending and zealously contested cause, after the fullest consideration, has not only been reversed, but all its proceedings so completely annulled, as to open the case to new parties, new bills, pleadings, issues, and evidence, and to make it necessary to begin de novo, in the same manner as if the court had never acted on any question which could arise.
This has been done, too, on an objection not taken by counsel, either in the circuit court, or assigned for error here in the printed brief of their points, presented to this court as the ground of a reversal of the decree of which the appellants complain nor did either of their counsel think proper to avail themselves of the suggestion after it fell from the bench, until the one who opened the argument had closed his view of the first ground assigned in the brief for error. And when on the next day, another of the counsel of the appellants, drew the attention of the court to the objection, it was not to reverse the decree as erroneous in law or fact, but as a reason for considering it as so merely and utterly void, as to make it improper to examine into the errors assigned by himself and colleagues; and proper to suspend the argument on the merits, till the consideration of the question thus raised, the decision of which leaves the law, justice and equity of the case untouched, while every proceeding had in it is utterly prostrated, leaving the parties, at the end of a four years'litigation, to begin anew To them it is no consolation, that these effects have been produced by an objection of mere form, not deemed by the counsel of either party, worthy of being noticed or guarded against, for the action of an appellate court on ajudgmentatlaw,ora decree in equity, can be of no middle character. A reversal annuls it to all intents and purposes, it can no longer be given in evidence in support of any right, or as proof of any fact in favour

JANUARY TERM 18,35.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
of the party in whose favour it was rendered, or against the opposite party- no one thing remains a res adjudicata, but every question of law and fact is as entirel, open, as if the court had never given a judgment or decree. It is inconsistent with the constitution of appellate courts In England, or the states of this union, to modify a general reversal of a judgment or decree, it is absolute, and must be attended with all legal consequences, which no court can avert by any salvo or declaration that it is reversed only pro forma, the decree or judgment cannot be in any part carried into effect in the court below, or come again into an appellate court, till a new one is rendered. The same principles prevail in the courts of the United States, by force of the judiciary and process acts, and the seventh rule of this court, which regulate all proceedings by those of the king's bench and courts of equity in England, unless otherwise provided for by law, subject to such alterations and additions as this court may prescribe to the circuit courts, or as they may make not inconsistent therewith. 1 Story's Laws 67, 257 This court has uniformly acted by the rules thus prescribed, which regulate not only its own proceedings, but its adjudication on those of inferior courts which are brought within its appellate power- they must,"therefore, be considered as the tests of the conformity of the decision now made, with the established principles of courts of original or appellate jurisdiction, by the course of the law of equity, the rules of this court, and the acts of congress which regulate its exercise on appeals.
In the circuit court, George Harrison and others were claimants of a fund in the hands of Mr Nixon as executor* their petitions having been dismissed on a final decree against them, they now on an appeal ask for its reversal for the reasons assigned in the brief of their counsel, which relate entirely to the merits of their claim, but at the same time contend, that the whole proceedings in the circuit court are mere nullities; because the appellants themselves, as well as the other claimants, omitted to insert in their petitions a direct averment of the domicil of the testator, under whose will they all claim. As this objection is not aimed at the decree, or the right of any party who claims the fund, it must be considered as applicable solely to the form and frame of the original bill and petitions,

SUPREME COURT.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
intended to present, not a cause of reversal of the decree for error in law or fact, but the broad question of jurisdiction. First, whether it was competent for the circuit court, to make any decree in the case before them, and next, whether the decree rendered is such that this court, in virtue of its appellate power, can hear and determine the matter appealed from. It must have occurred at once to the mind of the learned judge who first suggested the objection, and cannot have escaped the observation of the counsel who has availed himself of it, that if the case was within the judicial cognizance of the circuit court, no decree rendered by them could be treated as a nullity; however erroneous, it is binding on the parties till an appeal, and becomes final if none is taken within five years. It could not be declared a void act, for any cause which did not affect the original jurisdiction, without any reference to the decree rendered by the circuit court. To justify such a course, it must be in a case where this court would be bound to reverse at all events, and where its affirmance would not cure the defect, but would leave the original decree without any effect upon the rights of .the parties, and prevent it from being received as evidence in any court, state, federal or foreign.
An appeal upon any ground short of this, must affect the decree as erroneous merely, on some matter injurious to the appellant, who has his remedy under the twenty-second section of the judiciary act, by an appeal from a "final decree in asuitin equity," which'it declares may "be re-examined, and reversed or affirmed in the supreme court." It follows that there is a discretion to reverse or affirm according to the right of the case, and, fairly, it cannot be contended, that if a decree can be affirmed on appeal, it can be considered as a mere nullity after affirmance, if the question arising on the appeal, was one of merely error, not of jurisdiction. Nor can it be doubted, that if the merits of the case were cognizable by the court below, they are equally so on appeal and that a final decree of affirmance binds all parties in all courts, as to the matters decreed, which must be done on a re-examination of the final decree.
Such is the general course prescribed to this court by the twenty-second section, in all cases coming before them by appeal. the twenty-fourth is still more explicit. "That when a judgment or decree shall be reversed in a circuit court, such

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
court shall proceed to render such judgment, or pass such decree as the district court should have rendered or passed, and the supreme court shall do the same on reversals therein, except where the reversal is in favour of the plaintiff or petitioner in the original suit, and the damages to be assessed or the matter to be decreed are uncertain, in which case they shall remand the cause for a final dec.sion."
The second clause of the second section of the third article of the constitution declares, "that in all cases affecting ambassadors, other public ministers and consuls, and those in which a state shall be party, the supreme court shall have original jurisdiction. In all the other cases before mentioned, the supreme court shall have appellate jurisdiction, both as to law and fact, with such exceptions and under such regulations as the congress shall make."
The twenty-second and twenty-fourth sections of the judiciary act, are the execution by congress of an express constitutional power, which makes these provisions as imperative on the supreme court, as if they had been detailed in the body of the constitution they form its constitution as an appellate court, defining its powers, and prescribing their exercise, in re-examining, reversing or affirming the final judgments and decrees of all courts which may be brought within its appellate jurisdiction.
The twenty-second limits the appellate power to the revision of final decrees in cases in equity, herein departing from the course-of appellate courts in England and in New York, there an appeal lies to the house of lords or court of errors, from the interlocutory orders and decrees of the chancellor the other regulations prescribed by the judiciary act, are in conformity to the uniform course of all appellate courts, as long settled by uniform practice, adopted by the rules, and followed in the decisions of this court. This course cannot be better defined than in the words of Chancellor Kent. "It is the acknowledged doctrine of courts of review, to give such decree as the court below ought to have given , and when the plaintiff below brings the appeal, the court above not only reverses what is wrong, but decrees what is right, and models the relief according to its own view of the ends of justice, and the exigences of the case. The court above acts, therefore, on

SUPREME COURT.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
appeals in the given case, with all the plenitude of a court of equity of original jurisdiction, and the ,special terms of the decree, whatever they may be, become to this court the law of that case, and no other or further relief can be administered to the party " 1 J. C. 194, 195.
This doctrine, then, is the law of this court, not only by the acknowledged principles of the law of equity, but [s an injunction of the supreme law of the land, from the observance of which, the court can be absolved by no rule or practice contrariant thereto. If its authority rested alone on either the recognised rules of appellate courts, or their settled practice it might be varied at the discretion of the court, by their power to make rules respecting practice, proceedings and process, but they can have no discretion to alter or depart from those "principles and usages of law" which congress have adopted as regulations of, and exceptions to, the appellate power of all the courts of the United states, pursuant to the provisions of the constitution.
It must, therefore, be taken as a rule of constitutional law, binding on this court, that if it takes cognizance of a cause on appeal under the twenty-second section, it must be by re-examining the decree, reversing or affirming it, and by the twenty-fourth, on reversal, to give such decree as the circuit court ought to have rendered, or remanding it for final decision as the case may be. There can be no other course pursued, for, as the appellate power is confined to those cases to which it has been extended by congress, and must be exercised within the limits and by the regulations prescribed, it can have no inherent powers in virtue of which it can review or revise the decrees of the inferior courts, by any general superintending authority such as appellate courts may have, whose jurisdiction has neither been conferred or regulated by a constitution or statute. No principle has been better settled, or more steadily adhered -to, than that this is a court of special jurisdiction, whether original or appellate, which the constitution has defined and separated by a line, which congress cannot pass, by extending that which is original, to cases which are appellate or econverso. 1 Cranch 164, &c. As the present is an unquestioned case of appellate jurisdiction, it must be exercised according to the regulations prescribed by congress, by an examination

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
of the final decree on its merits, if the court takes judicial cognizance of the record. Any other course is wholly unknown in an appellate court of equity, unless there is such a fatal defect in the record as affects the jurisdiction of the court below, and prevents the court above from acting judicially upon it by hearing and determining the matters in controversy. in which case the decree will be reversed, the cause remanded, and the circuit court be directed to dismiss the bill, or make the amendments necessary to give it jurisdiction.
It is not pretended that the circuit court has not jurisdiction of this case, as one between proper parties, touching a proper subject matter of controversy, nor can it be doubted that the jurisdiction of this court is equally clear. A final decree has been rendered, an appeal regularly taken, by parties affected by the decree, who, having given the requisite security, have a right to be heard on all matters appealed from, to ask a reversal and a decree in their favour. The party in whose favour the decree has been rendered, appears here pursuant to the citation, with an equal right to defend his interests, to demand an affirmance of the decree, with a mandate for its execution.
This court, then, cannot refuse to hear the appeal, on the ground of a want of power, to hear and finally determine all matters appealed from, which are properly and fully cognizable by both courts and this objection does not profess to be founded on the want of competent parties to a controversy in the federal courts, or a subject matter cognizable in equity. As it avoids these questions, the objection defeats itself, for it must necessarily apply to the course of the circuit court in the progress of the cause, and their final adjudication on the matters submitted by the parties, the revision of which is the ordinary exercise of the jurisdiction of an appellate court, in conformity with the acknowledged doctrine of such courts and the positive injunctions of the judiciary act, which it is the direct oblect of this motion to prevent, and which has been effected by the judgment now rendered. There being no doubt of the jurisdiction of either court, the only questions which can arise are, whether any of the petitioners have, on this record, shown a right in equity to demand from the respondent Nixon, the fund which he holds in his hands, subject to the order of the court,

SUPREME COURT.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
he claiming no interest in it, except his commissions and proper credits. The case is, therefore, one of ordinary occurrence a bill in equity filed by one claimant, and petitions by others, for the surplus of an estate in the hands of an executor, who in his answer rnterpleads, submits to any order the court may make, and prays their protection by such a decree as will save him from future litigation.
Whether a bill in equity contains any ground for relief, or, what is called in the language of its courts "equity," is not a question of jurisdiction, but of merits the inquiry is, has the petitioner set forth a-cause of action in his complaint, has he averred any matter which, if true, entitles him to the relief prayed for, or any relief, or set it forth in the manner required by the rules of equity I If he has, the respondent must plead some new matter in avoidance, or in his answer give some reason why he does not do, or ought not to be decreed to do, the thing required of him. If the complainant's petition contains no equity, or sets it out defectively, it is good cause for demurrer generally, or for cause or the respondent may object in his answer, or at the hearing, to the want of equity in the bill, and it is a good ground for the reversal of a decree on appeal. So, if a question arises whether the allegations of the bill are made out by the proofs in the cause, it is a proper subject of consideration before rendering a decree in the court below, as weli as review in the appellate court, not as a question of jurisdiction, but one which arises in its exercise. " It is well settled that the decree must conform to the allegationsof the parties," l1Wheat. 120; andbe sustained bythem as well as by the proofs in the cause, 10 Wheat. 189, but whether it does so conform, and is so sustained, is determined by the appellate court, on the inspection of the whole record and proceedings before them as was done by this court in Carneal v. Banks, and Harding v. Handy, above cited. In examining the allegations of a declaration in a court of law, a court of errror examines only whether the plaintiff has set out a title or cause of action. "If," in the language of this court, "it is defectively or inaccurately set forth, it is cured by a verdict, because, to entitle the plaintiff to recover, all circumstances necessary to make out his cause of actionD, so imperfectly stated, must be proved at the trial but, when no

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
cause of action is stated, none can be presumed to have been proved. The case is not to be considered as if before us on a demurrer to the declaration. The want of an averment, so as to let in the proof of usage, cannot now be objected to the record. The evidence was admitted without objection, and now forms a part of the record, as contained in the bill of exceptions. Had an objection been made to the admission of the evidence of usage, for the want of a proper averment in the declaration, and the evidence had, notwithstanding, been received, it would have presented a very different question." 9 Wheat. 594, 595. This is the settled rule of this court in cases at law, that they will not reverse a judgment for any defective averment in a declaration, not demurred to, if the plaintiff has substantially set out a cause of action, such too is the established principle in cases in equity. As where a bill was filed to set aside a conveyance, on account of the mental incompetency of the grantor, which contained no direct or positive averment of his incapacity, yet the court took cognisance of the case, examined the bill and proofs, and decided that, "although a more direct and positive allegation that C. H. was incapable of transacting business, would have been more satisfactory than the detail of circumstances from which the conclusion is drawn, yet we think that the averment of his incompetency is sufficiently explicit to make it a question in the cause. The defendant has met the charge, and we cannot doubt that his answer is sufficiently responsive to give him all the benefit which the rules of equity allow to an answer in such cases." 11 Wheat. 121.
In that case the whole gravamen of the bill, the whole equity of the case, was in the averment of the incompetency of the grantor to make a contiact, yet it was held sufficient to aver the circumstances from which the conclusion could be drawn, that it was enough if the bill made it a question in the cause, that the defendant had met the charge, and his answer was sufficiently responsive. The court proceeded to look into the proofs in the cause, inquired whether the testimony established the incompetency of C. H., and examined the immense mass of contradictory evidence which the record contained, with attention, and affirmed the decree of the circuit court of the first circuit annulling the contract, on the ground of in-
VOL. ix.-3 P

SUPREME COURT
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
competency. It is therefore a settled point, that an objection to the sufficiency of the averments of the bill, must be considered by the appellate court, as one directly involving the merits of the case, it is the statement of the complainant's cause of action, to which the defendant must demur, if he relies on the want of form, manner or circumstance, or he loses the benefit of the objection. If he relies on an objection to the substance of the averment, or its variance from the proofs in the case, he must make it appear to the satisfaction of the court, that the bill contains no equity on its face, that no cause of action is set forth, nor any circumstances from which the conclusion of an averment of one, could be drawn conformably to the evidence adduced. The application of these cases to the record of the circuit court, presents only this difference, by the substitution of the word domwil for usage in Renner v. The Bank of Columbia, and citizenship for incompetency in Harding v. Handy, the rule and principles of both are identcal in point of law
In applying these maxims of this court to the objection made by the appellants to the re-examination of this case, the record shows that the gravamen of the original bill and all the petitions is, that Matthias Aspden made a will devising his real and personal estate to his heir at law, and died leaving Henry Nixon, the respondent, his executor, who has in his hands a large surplus of personal property, to which the several parties aver themselves to be entitled by the terms of the will, but which the exeoutor refuses to pay over, though bound in equity so to do. If these averments are-true, if they are made out by the proofs and exhibits in the cause, there is certainly equity in the bill sufficient to entitle the devisee, or legatee, to a decree against the executor for the surplus of the estate in his hands. Had he demurred to the bill, he would have been adjudged to answer over, for there could have been no clearer case for the interposition of a court of equity, or if he had insisted on the objection at the hearing, it could not have been doubted that there was a substantial averment of a ground of relief.
-The execution of the will was duly proved, the sanity of the testator was admitted, the fund was in the hands of the respondent, who admitted the trusts, submitted to the jurisdic-

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
tion of the court, ready to abide their decree, he held the money for such person as they should decree to be the person entitled under the will, which was an exhibit in the case. The only question depending was, who was the person that filled the description of the devisee or legatee, when that was ascertained, the whole controversy was ended. Had the will named Samuel Packer of New Jersey, the original complainant, George Harrison of Philadelphia, or John Aspden of Lancashire, England, two of the petitioners, parties to this appeal, as the favoured objects of this testator's bounty, the executor would have stood without an excuse, for not paying him the surplus of the estate. It could not be a material averment where the testator's domicil was his executor was bound to obey the directions of his will, be his domicil where it might. This proposition admits of no doubt. But as the will names no person, it must be ascertained from its terms, who was intended to be the devisee, or whom the law designated as such by the legal intendment of the words used in the will. When that is done, the rights of the person or persons thus designated and the duties of the executor, become the same as if he had bden expressly named ag the person entitled, on which the question of the domicil of the testator could have no direct bearing.
The only direct question on the construction of the will, was the intention of the testator as to who should enjoy his estate after his death, all other questions were collateral to this, and the only effect of his domicil could be, as the ground of an inference of his intention being, to give it to such person as should be his heir by the local law. But this is only a circumstance from which to draw an inference of intention, and before such inference could be drawn, it must be made to appear, that the law of England designated one person, and the law of Pennsylvania a different one. If the law of both countries is the same in this respect, the averment of domicil in the bill would not put in issue even a circumstance, from which any conclusion could be drawn, and so far from being matter of substance affecting a final decree, it would not be a ground of special demurrer. If it once becomes the established rule of this court, that the decree of a circuit court shall be annulled on a motion, without an examination of the record, because it

SUPREME COURT.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.)
does not set out an averment of a collateralfact or circumstance bearing on the intention of the testator by inference merely, then every such fact or circumstance must be averred distinctly, of which domicil is but one of many. The state of a testator's family and property, is always referred to, to ascertain the devisee or thing devised, evidence of other collateral facts may be inttoduced in many cases to aid in the construction of a will, or to show the intention of the testator, but no court of equity ever held it necessary to aver those matters in a bill, brought to enforce the trusts of the will, in favour of a devisee or legatee. In this case, however, the original bill alleges the testator to have been a citizen of Pennsylvania,at the time of his death, this is done in direct and positive terms; it is only necessary, therefore, to apply to this averment, the principle laid down by this court, in Harding v. Handy. Is citizenship a circumstancefrom which the conclusion of domicil may be drawn? Is it sufficiently explicit to make domcil a question in the cause ? and has the respondentmet this part of the bill? These questions are of easy solution. The domicil of a citizen of Pennsylvania is certainly not presumed by law to be in England, without some proof of his residence there, but is presumed to be in Pennsylvania till the contrary is proved. The respondent has considered the averment of domicil as made, for he has answered it, the parties in the cause have deemed it a question raised, by taking testimony touching it, each of the ten counsel who argued the case in the court below, made it a point, except one, who did not deem it material, and the court thought proper to take it into their consideration and express an opinion upon it as a point which had been argued-not whether the domicil had been properly averred, but where it appeared by the evidence to have been in fact, andits bearing on the wilf'and cause. It was the most deliberate opinion of both the judges of the circuit court, that the law of both countries pointed to the same person as the devisee, and that the fact of domicil had no bearing on the intention of the testator, or the construction of his will. As this was a question of local law, arising directing in the case, it was deemed necessary to examine it thoroughly, before rendering a final decree, and if it is now one vital to the case, it would seem proper at least to consider whether the conclusion of the circuit court was so clearly wrong on the law

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
of Pennsylvanza, as to justify this court in annulling their final decree, without an argument on the point.
In this opinion the circuit court were supported by the counsel of the appellants, in their printed brief, presented for the argument of the cause in this court. Their third point is "that the law of Pennsylvania is to govern this case, and that by that law they are entitled." Their fourth point is "but that if the case is to be decided by the law of England, still the appellants are entitled." Thus most distinctly admitting the identity of the law of both countries in its application to this will, which was also asserted by the counsel of the appellees. Nor have the appellants' counsel, in their argument of this motion, even contended that there is any difference between the respective laws, as to the person who is the heir at law of the testator, or who are his next of kin by the statutes of distribution. In this union of opinion between the judges of the circuit court, and the counsel of all parties, thus apparent to this court, it was not an unreasonable expectation that they would, at least, have looked at the record, the evidence, the law and decree, before they would authoritatively decide, that there was nothing deserving an argument without the averment of domicil.
The whole case turned upon a question of local law, which had long been settled by the highest judicial tribunals of Pennsylvania, and sanctioned by the legislature as firmly as any one principle of her jurisprudence, that the common law of England, as to the descent of property, had, from the charter of Pennsylvania, been adopted in all cases not specially provided for by act of assembly. It remained only to examine the legislation of the state, to ascertain whether the present case was embraced within the provisions of any law, had it been a case of intestacy, if it was not, then it was an admitted rule, that the common law governed it.
But as the present is not a case of intestacy, the range of inquiry is still more narrowed, it turns upon the words of the will, which is the law of the case, paramount to any other. Local laws can have no other effect on its construction, than by their presumed operation on the mind of the testator when he made his will, as an indication of his intention to refer to the law of his domicil, defining its terms. Yet, before such

SUPREME COURT
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
intention can be inferred, it is a settled maxim of the law, that it must stand well with the words of the will, it cannot be admitted to vary its plain words, or their settled legal signification.
If these considerations afforded no ground for inducing the court to give the record an appellate inspection, there are others which may serve as some apology for the court below, and the counsel there, as well as here, for overlooking the indispensable necessity of an averment of domicil, in order to give to either court jurisdiction over the subject matter of the cause. In the first place, no such ruleis laid down in any book of equity, practice, or any adjudged case in any court of equity in England or this country, and it forms no part of their practice, as adopted by the acts of congress and the seventh rule of this court. In the next place, if such averment had been required by the ordinary rules of equity practice, it was necessarily dispensed with, by the adjudication of this court on the subject of domicil, in a case of intestacy, which is much stronger than one under the will, for in the former case the local law applies directly to the estate of an intestate, as the rule by which it shall be distributed. The law of the situs of the property, the domcil of the intestate, or of the place of administration, must govern, but which should be adopted by this court, was elaborately argued in 1831, in the case of Smith, administrator of Robinson v. The Union Bank of Georgetown, 5 Peters 518, 523. In that case, the intestate was born in Maryland, uomiciled inVirginia, died in Pennsylvania, had personal property in this district, being a claim upon the government, on which administration was had here, he died insolvent. The question arose by what law his estate should be distributed among his creditors; on which this court decided, that it should be the law of the place of administration, and not of the domicil, which was the point directly adjudged, and from which only one judge dissented. The question of distribution among the next of kin, was not directly before the court, but was noticed in their opinion, from
which the same judge dissented also. In alluding to the latter question, the words of the court are: "With regard to the first class of cases, we expect to be un-
derstood as not intending to dispose of them directly or incidentally Whenever a case arises upon the distribution of an

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
intestate's effects exhibiting a conflict between the laws of the domuil and those of the situs, it will be time enough to give the views of this court on the law of that case."
"That personal property has no situs, seems rather a metaphysicalposition, than a practicaland legal truth."
In noticng the provisions of treaties on this subject, the court say, "it would seem that such a provision would be wholly unnecessary, if there existed any international law, by which the law of tile domicil could be enforced in that regard in tile country of the situs, or if the fact of locality did not subject the goods to the laws of the government under which they were found at the party's death. In point of fact; it cannot be questioned, that goods thus found within the limits of a sovereign's jurisdiction, are subject to his laws, it would be an absurdity?a terms to affirm the contrary." "This necessity of administering where the debt is to be recovered, effectually places the application of the proceeds under the control of the ]jws of the state of the administration. And if in any instances the rule is deviated from, it forms,pro hac, an exception, a voluntary relinquishment of a right countenanced by universal practice, and is of the character of the treaty stipulations already remarked upon, by which foreign nations surrender virtually a right, which locality certainly puts in their power."
Against these doctrines, the dissenting judge most earnestly but in vain remonstrated, insisting that it was settled by the international law of the civilized world, that personal property had no situs, that it was distributable by the law of the domicil, and that if these principles were shaken by this court, or declared to be unsettled, irremediable and utter confusion would ensue. For it was a subject on which congress could not legislate out of this district, nor the states of this union, or foreign nations beyond their respective territorial limits, the inevitable result of which would be, that the law of distribution of an intestate's estate would be different in every state and country, in which he owned any bona notabilia. That the court having decided, that a pecuniary claim on the government of the United States, was bona notabilia in this district, subject to distribution by the local law; it followed, that if the intestate had debts due to him in different states, or owned a part of the funded debt of different governments, or of the stocks of local

SUPREME COURT.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
corporations, there could be no uniform rule of distribution, either among creditors or distributees.
But the result of the most deliberate consideration of this court, is that which has been solemnly adjudicated and promulgated as the rule and guide for all the inferior tribunals of the United States. It would not have comported with the judicial duty of the dissenting judge, presiding in the circuit court of Pennsylvania,to have declared to the profession and suitors, that his overruled opinion must be taken as the law of the case. Had the counsel of the parties complainants moved that court to dismiss the bill, or petitions filed by themselves, or, after a final decree, had asked that it should be declared to be an extra-judicial act, because the domicil of a testator (not of an intestate), had been averred only as a conclusion to be drawn from an express averment of citizenship, the circuit court would have been bound to have decided, that it was unnecessary, according to the decision in Robinson v. The Bank, for having settled that domicil was wholly immaterial in distribution among creditors, and when they declared, that "we expect to be understood as not disposing, directly or incidentally," of the question of distribution among next of kin, the dissenting judge would have felt it his duty not to have disappointed an expectation, not only so reasonable, but which he would have -obeyed as a mandate of paramount authonty The more especially, as the whole reasoning of the court of the last resort, went to negative the materiality of domicil in any case, but most emphatically was the dissenting judge bound by his every duty, not to declare the law of the domicil to be the law of the case, in face of the distinct proposition of the court-" that personal property has no situs, forms rather a metaphysical position, than a practical and legal truth," and thus substitute ,metaphysics for law as the rule of his judicial action.
At the time of rendering their final decree, the circuit court for the Pennsylvaniadistrict could not have foreseen that with,out overruling the decision of this court made in 1831, by the same high authority which pronounced it, when no question was presented to this court by counsel touching the matter, or argued by them after the suggestion had fallen from the bench. It should now appear to the same judges, to be a principle of law so manifest, so clearly and'decisvely settled, as to make the

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
most solemn decree of inferior courts against executors mere nullities, because the pleadings on which they were founded did not contain an express averment of the domicil of the testator. Although the bill and answer contained express averments of the citizenship of the testator, the place where he made his will, the place of-hsdeath, of administration,and the situs of the property. As these averments were in strict conformity with the decision and reasoning of this court in Robinson v The Bank, it could not have been thought, that there remained in the, vitals of the record, a disease fatal to the action of the circuit court upon thmatters in issue.
Had it been objected, that the situs of the property, or the place of the testator's death or of administration, had not been averred, the necessary amendment would have been made, though the pleadings had averred the domicil, that must have been deemed immaterial according to the then doctrine of this court, which was that personal property had a situs without any reference to the domicil of an intestate. It follows that if an averment of the situs was indispensable, that of the domicil could not be, as the rules of distribution would be different by the local laws. And as the law of the situs was the rule, when these pleadings and issue were made up, and the final decree rendered, it would most certainly have stood the test of this objection, though it must have been reversed had the situs not been averred, notwithstanding the domicil had been, however explicitly Yet now it seems that a record containing an averment of the situs in all its bearings on the case, is mere blank paper, because the domicil is averred only by way of inference or conclusion from facts stated.
In 1831 the matenality of the situs was "a legalandpractical truth," that of the donucil was "a metaphysicalposition," an absurdity in terms, in the opinion of all the judges of this court, but one. In 1835 the materiality of the situs, is the metaphysical position, and that of the domwil, the legal and practical truth. This radical difference between the promulgated law of this court, on the same question arising at these periods, presents a conflictio legum which the circuit court of Pennsylvania were not bound to anticipate, the consequences of which it is hard to visit upon suitors in that court by drawing a sponge over all the proceedings in this cause, to their great delay and
vOL. xx.-3 Q

SUPREME COURT.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
injury, though they were had and conducted according to the solemn opinion of this court as to the law of the case, when the suit began and ended. ,tt that time the judges of the circuit court bad for their guide no better rulesfor their decion, than those laid down in 1831, and the practice of this court at the same term, which to one of thejudges at least, is some apology for not exercising his legal acumen, in discovering a fatal defect ofjurisdiction over a cause, in which, it now appears, he has assumed an unwarranted power to render a decree on the merits. It is his consolation to find, not only in the solemn judgment in Robinson v. The Bank, the reasons for overlooking the indispensable necessity of an averment of domwil, but the fact, that in two other cases in the same term this court had practically decided it to be unnecessary.
The case of Backhause v. Patton, adm. cum test. ann. de bores non of James Hunter, was a bill in equity to compel an account of the personal estate of the testator, and'for its due distribution, the bill averred the testator to be acitizen of Virg-nza, but contained no averment of hisdomnwil. 5 Peters 160, &c.
The case of Page v. Lloyd, executor of Hanbury, and Patton, adm. cum test. ann. of Mann Page, was on a a similar bill, containing an account of the situs of Mr Mann Page's personal property in two counties in Virginia, but no averment of either his citizenship or domicil. 5 Peters 304. This court took cognizance -of both cases on certificates of division from the circuit court of Virginia, and finally decided on all the matters so certified, without a doubt at the bar, or on the bench, of the regularity of the record, and as the rules of its decision are the same, whether a cause comes up on a certificate, or on appeal, these must have been deemed records on which it could act judicially. It is not doubted that a further examination among the records of this court, on appeals from other circuit courts, in cases of equity against executors, will furnish additional proof that if the practice of that of Pennsylvaniahas been in violation of all rules, it has the fullest sanction an the course of this court through all time, and this is the first time it has annulled a decree for such cause.
It is equally unknown to the fundamental principles on which it is organized as an appellate court, which in this case has not exercised its powers as directed in its constitution, by

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
re-examining and reversing the decree, and rendering such a one as ought to have been given. Its power has been exerted on a summary motion, not on an assignment of errors the decree and all preceding acts of the circuit court have been declared null and void collaterally, not for errors in the record or decree, for this court would not re-examine either, nor have they, in remanding the cause, directed what final decision shall be made. The only exception in the twenty-fourth section of the judiciary act, which authorizes any departure from the injunction to render such decree as ought to have been made, is, "where the reversal is in favour of the petitioner in the original suit, and the matter to be decreed is uncertain, in which case, they shall remand the cause for a final decision." But this case does not come within the exception, for though the reversal is in favour of petitioners in the original suit, the matter decreed was certain, it was, therefore, no case to be remanded, though if it was, the court has not remanded "the cause for a final decision." Its mandate is a peremptory order to the circuit court, to amend the pleadings from the beginfing, to admit proofs of new matter and new parties, in one word, to make a new case throughout, and concludes with ordering, "such other proceedings are to be had in the said cause by the said court, as to law, justice and equity shall appertain."
It had, heretofore, been thought to be the province of a court of orginal jurisdiction in equity, to decide on amendments in their legal discretion, or according to the act of congress with which this court never interfered, that after publication, and before a decree, the admission of new proofs, new matter or new parties, was discretionary with the chancellor on a petition presented, that after a decree made, but before enrolment, neither could be introduced into a cause, unless by a supplemental bill in the nature of a bill of review, nor after enrolment, unless by a bill of review on newly discovered evidence, filed by parties or privies to the original suit. It was also believed, that there was no distinction better established by the law of equity, than the different effect of defective pleadings, when demurred or excepted to in the court below, and when they are unnoticed till the cause is removed for review in an appellate court. And it has hitherto remained

SUPREME COURT.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
equally well settled, that no decree will be reversed, even on a bill of review, for any new discovered evidence, unless in a case where a new trial would be awarded by a court at law
But if the decision now made, is to be hereafter considered as a precedent for the future action of this court on appeals in equity cases, it portends a fearful change in the rules which have heretofore drawn a line between the originaland appellate jurisdiction of the courts of the United States, the consequences of which cannot be foreseen. The practical effect of this judgment and mandate is an assumptionof the province of theformer, not only as to the rules of practice, pleadings, amendments, parties, proofs, and issues, which depend mainly on the exercise of discretion , but is giving to an appeal from a final decree, the effect of a special demurrer to a bill, an exception to an answer, as well as of an originalsupplementalor bill of remew, in all their respective operations on the case. This appellate court does not decide upon the case or decree appealed from, it orders an entirely new one to be made, by an utter prostration of every thing in the record, from the original bill throughout. It does not remand this cause for a final decision by the circuit court, it first divests it of all the attributes and requisites of a case for a final decree, and then commands that a case shall be made up for their original jurisdiction, as a suit in equity, under positive directions, which leave no discretion in the exercise of their jurisdiction over the matters referred to in the mandate.
The reasons assigned by the court for these proceedings are worthy of the most serious consideration. They decide that an averment of domicil is indispensable, because it might indicate the intention to give the property to such person as would be the heir at law by the law of one country, who would not be the heir by the law of the other, but adds, " w e do not say what is the case." "That the country by whose laws the will is to be interpreted, should be first ascertained, and then .the inquiry is naturally presented what the provisions of those laws are." They also direct an averment of the domicil "at the time of the will being made," " at the testator's death," and "in the intermediate time?' (a period of thirty-three years) , yet declare that they do not mean to express any opinion as to the effect on the will, of the domwil being at a different place at these different times.

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
Whence then arises the necessity of the averments q The natural order of inquiry would seem to be, whether there was any difference between the law of England and Pennsylvania, in the interpretation of the will, and next, whether the will should be construed by the lawof the domicil at the death of the testator, or at any other time, for the materiality of the averments depends entirely on the solution of these two questions. If the law of both countries was the same at all times, the averments are useless. It is surely a strange ground for uprooting a cause from its foundation by an appellate court, merely because the original bill does not contain an averment of a fact which, by possibility, may be materialas the evidence of intention, or the existence of that fact at a time when it could have no possible bearing on the will.
When the new case now directed to be made up, shall have been decided by the circuit court, and come here again on appeal, it is to be presumed that this court will then deign to inquire by what law this will must be interpreted and what the provisions of that law are. It is also to be hoped, that by that time they will feel prepared to instruct the circuit court of Pennsylvania, whether their next final decree shall be in conformity to the law of the testator's domicil, when he made hus will, wheni he died, or at what periodof the thirty-threeyearswhich tntervened, not omitting an explicit opinion upon the preliminary question, whether the domicil has any bearing on the will. As the mandate now is, that court is ordered to proceed "as to law, equity and justice shall appertain," but are uninstructed by what law or rule the justice or equity of the case is to be ascertained, other than the law which the testator has prescribed in his will. The predicament in which that court is now placed, is a most unpleasant one, their past errors have been so gross and palpable, as to make their whole proceedings nullities, yet they remain in the dark as to the means of correcting them, the averment of domicil will lead to no new evidence or issue, not in the present record, and no new question of law or fact can arise in that respect. When a new case shall have been presented, it will differ from the present only in this one averment, which, by the admission of this court, cannot have the most remote effect on the decree, unless on the contingency

SUPREME COURT
EHarrison and others v. Nixon.]
of a conflictio legurn, which is now as little ascertained as before this reversal.
If the action of this court had stopped here, the embarrassment of the circuit court would be sufficiently great, in being precluded from the exercise of all discretion in the proceedings, preparatory to a final decree, by the peremptory orders now given on all matters for their ultimate judgment; and as to that, left without any directions how to avoid the recurrence of the same errors which have caused great and expensive delay. There is, however, another ground assumed by this court, which is infinitely interesting to all persons whose rights may be affected by its appellate powers in equity cases, as well as to all inferior courts on general principles; but most emphatically to the judges of that court whose proceedings have been thus roughly handled in the opinion delivered. After the direction to make the averments, the court remark, "it appears from the motions which have been made to this court, as well as from certain proceedings in the court below, which have been laid before us in support thereof, that there are certain claimants of this bequest, asserting themselves to be heirs at law, whose claims have not been adjudicated upon in the court below, on account of their having been presented at a late period." "As the cause must go back for further proceedings, and must be again opened for new allegations and proofs, these claimants will have an opportunity of presenting and proving their claims in the cause, and we are of opinion they ought to be let into the cause for this purpose."
The "motion" alluded to, was to revise the whole proceedings in the case, made by the counsel of persons who were not parties orprvies in the originalsuit,or to the appeal, the "certain proceedings in the court below" were had, on a petition asking for leave to file a bill of review by those persons, for newly discovered evidence, and to make themselves parties. Leave was refused, for the reasons given at length in the opinion delivered by the circuit court, some garbled extracts from which, the counsel who urged the objection taken to the want of the averment of domicil, not the counsel who made the "motion" referred to by the court, thought proper to read in the course of his argument. Had the whole opinion been read by the counsel or the court, they had seen the reasons of the refusal to permit

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
the bill of review to be filed, it would have been most apparent, not only that it was not because the petition "was presented at too late a period," but the circuit court expressly declared that the petition was presented within due time after the final decree, had there been no other objections. The grounds of the objection to the petition were, that those claimants never asked to be admitted into the cause, till after the final decree, and the pendency of the suit in this court on the present appeal, that the circuit court could not reverse their final decree in any other way, than by a bill of review for error apparent or new matter. That such bill lies only in favour of partiesor privzes to the final decree, in neither of which characters could those persons stand, that their case was not supported by the requisite affidavits, that the matter relied on was not new, or newly discovered, but bad been relied on in bills in the courts of chancery and exchequer, in England, years before the petition for review, and by the same parties, that even if new, it was not competent to procure a decree in their favour., that with full knowledge of the state of the fund, and the pendency of this suit, they had been guilty of such gross and unaccountable negligence, that no court of equity could afford them any relief on a bill of review, and if they had any remedy, it must be sought in some other mode.
The circuit court could not adjudicate on their claim, before it was presented for adjudication, and when so presented they had no longer any power of adjudication over it, but on a bill to reverse the original decree by review for error apparent, or on an original billwhich the petitioners had a right to file. The bill of review for new matter, is a matter of favour and discretion, which, in the case presented, they could not permit without the utter disregard of the oldest and best established rules of the law of equity; whereupon the parties filed their original bill, on which there has not been time for any proceedingsto be had. It is, therefore, a gratuitous assumption, that "those claims were not adjudicated on in the court below," "on account of their having been presented at a late period ;'" unless this court intended to refer to the gross delay of the parties before the final decree, and the settled principles of law which forbade that court from letting the claimants into the case on a bill Qf review for the causes assigned. The judge who gave

SUPREME COURT.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
the opinion of the circuit court, feels bound to repel the imputation which would otherwise rest upon the "certain proceedings in the court below" as wholly erroneous, and unfounded, on any other construction which may be given to that part of the opinion of this court containing the allusion to those proceedings. It is also his right and duty to Inquire, by what rule of law, a court of mere appellate power overfinal decrees of a circuit court, assume appellate jurisdiction over a subject matter not contained or referred to in the record of the cause before them on appeal I By what power this court can review the proceedings of that court, on a petition for leave to file a bill of review to reverse their own decree, after an appeal, on new discovered matter, which rests exclusively in their discretion as to granting or refusing it, and especially after the parties had acquiesced in the decision and had adopted another remedy't And above all, by what warrant this court can act on an appeal by thepartiesnow before them, rnfavourofpersons who areutter strangersto the recordand suit, who, being neither parties or privies, can be heard only by an original bill filed in a court of original equity junsdiction
The knowledge that these persons had desired and had been refused admission into the cause, not having been derived from the record, was wholly extra udiczal, and is so admitted by this court, yet it is made the basis of judicial action, and its peremptory mandate to the court below to admit them as parties, and hear their proofs. Thus indirectly and collaterally,
but most effectually reversingthe refusal to permit them to file a bill of review, and giving them not only all the benefits which they could have desired from a bill of review actually filed, but of an actual reversal, nay, much more substantial benefits. On the hearing of a bill of review, the plaintiffs are confined to the new matter set forth in their bill, and this would have been the utmost extent of the relief which could have been given them had they appealed to this court, obtained a reversal of the proceedings in the circuit court on their petition, and the case had been remanded, with directions to permit the bill of rdview to be filed, and its merits to be adjudicated. Whereas they now come into the cause, as original parties, with the same liberty as to proof, as those who have been contending for years. They are likewise fully

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
absolved from every requisition, and duty enjoined by the law of equity, as the indispensable conditions of their admission as parties to a suit after a final decree, as well as from all the consequences of gross and long continued negligence. All this has been done in their favour, without any appeal by them, but on information laid before this court, in support of a motion which they would not listen to, and on which they could not act directly in virtue of their appellate power, consistently with the acknowledged doctrines of courts of equity, or the directions of the judiciary act, that is an appeal by the party aggneved by afinal decree. In the present course, then, of this court, in relation to those persons who are no parties to this appeal, as also to those who are proper parties, it must be asked what brings any decree or other proceeding of a circuit court in equity, within any power of this, if not an appeal I what the act of reversal necessarily implies, if not jurisdiction of the case and its exercise'q or what is the nature of that jurisdiction, if it is not appellatel and what respect is paid to the judiciary act, if this appellate jurisdiction is not exercised by re-examining the record and proceeding, according to the directions of the law which confers the power, and is the only authority by which any proceeding of a circuit court can be reviewed, or its final decrees be reversed I
As the court has reversed and annulled every proceeding which has been had, directly or collaterally, in this suit, whether it related to the rights of parties, privies, or strangers to the record, to the subject matters of appeal, or those which have come to their knowledge without judicial information Inasmuch as their whole action has been on a summary motion to reverse, solely for the want of an averment in the bill, which the court most cautiously avoid deciding to be material to the merits of the cause, otherwise than in the event of an unascertained and possible conflict of laws not asserted to exist, and wholly refuse to decide any one matter put in issue by the parties, as to either law or fact. The mandate of reversal must be referred to some other than their appellate power, as granted by the constitution, defined, limited and regulated by congress, for it cannot be pretended to be within the legititimate scope of any construction which can be given to the words "appellate jurisdiction," which necessarily requires re-exami-
VOL. x.-3 R

SUPREME COURT.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
nation of what had been before adjudicated in the court below. If the jurisdiction now exercised is original, it is only necessary to refer to the decision of this court in Marbury v. Madison, to pronounce it unconstitutional. Be it, however, appellate or original, it is incompatible with the organised laws of this court, with the principles and usages of law in those appellate tribunals from which we have adopted our rules, and can have no sanction from precedent, unless by some silent unadjudicated practice, which may have crept into our proceedings without a due consideration, and which has been often decided, is not binding as authority, and is never too late to correct when its errors are discovered. 8 Wheat. 821, 322.
There is no power so dangerous as that which can be traced to no definite or authoritative source, or which is exercised without a reference to some fixed principles, it is in the nature of that which is assumed by any department of government, to be capable of no other limitation than such as it may choose to prescribe to itself, while that which is conferred by the constitution or statutes, is defined, limited and regulated in its exercise to the cases specified, and in the mode prescribed. Such are the appellate powers of the circuit and supreme courts of the United States, they are of limited junsdiction-necessarily incompetent to act by any prerogative or inherent power, as the creatures of the judiciary act, they are not at liberty to exercise any power over the proceedings of infenor courts, by any general supervisory power, such as has been assumed by the king's bench and house of lords. Their supervision is only by writ of error, or appeal, and such writs as congress have authorised them to use, so that in whatever case they act as an appellate court, it is,by special authority, and can exercise no other than what is appropriately appellate, as contradistinguished from original jurisdiction.
In the present case, there seems to be a mixture and excess of both, whether the mandate and opinion are tested by the rules of other courts of appeal, or the acts of congress.
The house of lords act as an appellate court by their own authority without an act of parliament, but have never assumed any original jurisdiction on appeals in equity causes, or reversed the decree of a chancellor, because an issue before him will not enable the lords to make a satisfactory decree, they remand the cause for amendment; 1 BI. P C. new series

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
471, 477, or give the party leave to withdraw his appeal, 2 Bligh P C. 392, S. P 12 Wh. 12.
Such a course would have been peculiarly proper in this case: the only irregularity complained of on this motion, was by the appellants' own fault, in not making an averment in their own petitions, which is admitted was amendable, and is so decided by the court, and it cannot be denied that it was competent to them to remand the cause for this purpose, 12 Wheat. 12, or permit the appellants to withdraw their appeal, to enable them to amend their own petitions, if the court deemed it indispensable to make' a final decree on its merits. But it is most confidently asserted to be against all rules, and without precedent, to reverse a decree and declare all previous proceedings void for such a cause, no court of original jurisdiction in equity, can annul its own decrees without a bill of review even for error apparent, this has been the law from the time of Lord Bacon.
This court has no power to revise its own decrees after the term expires, unless for clerical errors, it can exercise no original jurisdiction in this case, and that which has been exercised is not appellate, by any rules which define what appellate power is, and its lawful course. So far from adjudicating any one matter appealed from, or point of law or fact presented
by counsel, they have left every right and claim of the parties wholly unnoticed, and though they have annulled every proceeding of the circuit court, have not adjudged any one order, or their final decree, to be erroneous in law or fact. But have done it for the ostensible purpose of inserting in the bill and petitions, an averment of a fact which would have been directed of course, in the circuit court, on suggestions of either party, and solely to meet a contingent question of local law, which that court, in their solemn opinion, declared could not arise in the cause, and which the counsel on both sides argued did not exist, and would not be raised.
There is only one rule by which such a proceeding can be held to be the legitimate exercise of appellate power, "sic volo sic jubeo stat pro ratione voluntas;" the opinion of the court precludes any other conclusion, for if they had appellate jurisdiction, they were bound to give the record appellate inspection and consideration, not having done so, their opinion

SUPREME COURT.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
and mandate is their judgment, that there was no case before them for their appellate action.
This presents another view of this case which is alarming as a precedent. This court has no more power to declare and consider the proceedings of a circuit court null and void, than a district, circuit or slate court has, unless they are before them by an appeal, according to the act of congress, excepting such a case, the powers of all these courts are equal. All are bound to respect a judgment till appealed from, however erroneous, while any one may disregard it, even as prima facie evidence of any fact professed to be adjudicated, if the judgment is void. If the course of this court is consistent with the rules of law, then the final decree of the circuit court would be as much a nullity after the expiration of the five years limited for an appeal, as it is now, and if a nullity in this court, it must be so in every other. If the want of an averment of a testator's domicil in a bill of equity nullifies all subsequent proceedings against an executor for an account, there are many void decrees on the records of this court, which state courts may declare so by the same power with which this court has acted in this case.
This rule of action must be taken to be, that the bill must contain direct averments to meet every possible contingency which may arise in the proofs, as to questions of fact or law, that it is not sufficient to aver a fact, from which the necessary conclusions may be drawn, though the parties have taken issue upon it in both courts, and thus admitted that there was a proper case for the exercise of their respective jurisdiction. The mandate admits of no other conclusion, than that the action of the circuit court on a bill or petitions like the present, is wholly without legitimate power or jurisdiction, and their whole proceedings "cora m non judice ;" if so, it follows that their decree is not a judicial act, entitled to the least respect in any court. If this court can declare it void without appellatere-examination, it is because it is an extra-judicial act, and surely no one can contend that the extra-judicial proceedings of this court are entitled to any more respect. As if they should award a mandamus to a secretary of state, reverse the ,judgment of a state court in a case not within the twentyfifth section of the judiciary act, or take cognizance of an on-

JANUARY TERM 1835.
- [Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
ginal bill in equity between individuals. Let it once become a settled rule, that the want of an averment like the present is fatal to jurisdiction, the proceedings of no court can stand the test of a scrutiny so severe as has been applied to these.
With the precedent now established, the judges of state courts will look with microscopic eyes at our records, as well as those from other states, and be sure to find, at least to their own satisfaction, some defect which might have been fatal on special demurrer or abatement, and in their turn declare our decrees and judgments void, by the same summary power. Nor will the consequences stop here, the federal courts will exercise the same power over the judgments of state courts, without appeal or writ of error, their proceedings, in cases not within their judicial cognizance, are as much nullities as those of a circuit court, and may be declared void by this court on the same rule as is now adopted. Let the directions of the judiciary act be nullified by following up this precedent, the appellate power of this court becomes absolute, arbitrary and illimitable; and all other courts may be justified in following the high example.
There is yet another view which must be taken of the judgment now rendered. The court has ordered the averment of domicil to be made at the death of the testator in 1824, at the making the will in 1791, "and in the intermediate period, (if there was any change) so that the elements of a full decision may be finally brought before the court." Each averment being then considered as equally indispensable, it must be deemed that the omission of either is equally fatal to the proceedings of the circuit court, each must, therefore, be considered as having a vital bearing on the construction of the will, or there would not have been a positive order to insert them. Such an order may indeed afford "the elements of decision," but must protract it till many of the parties to the suit shall have passed away When the fact of residence, at different times during thirty-three years, shall have been ascertained in the circuit court, they must then decide in what place the law adjudges the domicil to have been at the time of each change of residence, then arises the question, by what law the will is to be interpreted. As the case of Robinson's Administrator v. The Bank, is now overruled, the law of the situs of the pro-

SUPREME COURT.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
perty of administration or making the will, which is Philadelphia, is not to be regarded, the law of the domicil must govern, but the court are left in utter darkness as to the rule by which to apply that law, should the domicil appear to have been in different places at different times. As the circuit court has hitherto been so unfortunate as to have been ignorant of the effect of the domicil, in relation to a will of personal property, and as one of the judges has the misfortune to dissent again on the subject, it is much to be feared that, as there may have been, possibly, three or more places of domicil in so long a period, at least one, if not more, final decrees may be reversed, because the proper one may not have been designated in their opinion.
Hitherto the law of the domwil at the death of the testator,has been deemed the rule, but this point must now be considered as unsettled, or the court would not have directed its averment at any other time, as indispensable to a full decision of the cause, as it remains for this court, at some future period, to declare -the law on points so doubtful, great delay must necessarily take place, before it can be known by what law the will must be construed, next, what the provisions of that law are; and lastly, what ought to have been the first inquiry-whether the domicil of the testator is, or in any possible event can be, in any way, a materalquestion m the cause.
Before the decision of this case, it was considered to be a settled principle, that a final decree in chancery was of equal effect as a judgment at law, till reversed. 6 Wheat. 113. That the sufficiency of an averment in a declaration, bill, or petition, was a question of merits examinable on demurrer, at the hearing, on a motion in arrest of judgment, or by writ of error or appeal, but in no case was a question of jurisdiction, unless for the want of parties or a proper cause of action. That if there was a substantial cause of action alleged, all defects in the pleadings were cured by a verdict or decree, if not pleaded or demurred to for cause, and that no appellate court could reverse a final judgment or decree, for any error in either, on the ground of an insufficient averment, if the plaintiff's case was one that would entitle him to a judgment on a general demurrer.
So the law was taken by the counsel for the appellants themselves, and so it would have remained, had not the court

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
prevented them from arguing the points in their printed bnef, and yielding to the suggestion of one of the judges, decided, that they would examine no question in the record, nor hear any argument on any point except one, which was not stated at the bar in either court, and may have no bearing on the rights of any party. This is another innovation upon the settled uniform course of all appellate courts, which makes this precedent an alarming one.
It is an established rule founded on the soundest principle of justice, that a party shall not be permitted to reverse a judgment or decree, on an objection not made in the court below Upon an objection being made in the house of lords, that an account had not been taken in the court of chancery, and it appearing that none had been called for previously, by the party making the objection, lord Eldon observed, "if this cause had been heard inthe court of chancery or exchequer in England, no client could have induced a counsel to make that a point, at the bar of this house, under such circumstances, because such counsel having been previously conversant with the cause, would have known that as it was not made below, it could not be made by way of appeal. Had this cause been heard before me, and had I presided during the argument of the appeal against it, under the circumstances that have occurred, I would not have allowed counsel to make the point at your lordships' bar." 2 Sch. and Lefr. 712, 710, 718. When the opportunity of objection is passed by in the court below, it is taken to have been waived, 2 Sch. and Lefr. 713, 12 Wheat. 18, S. P 11 Wheat. 209, 210, 211, 7 Peters 98, 2 Binn. 168, 12 Serg. and Rawle 103, unless the defect in the record is one which could not have been cured, or amended in the court below, if the objection had been made before it was removed. 4 J. R. 602, 14 J. R. 560, 16 J. R. 353, 18 J. R. 558, 559, 2 Dow. P C. 72. The names and judicial reputation of the American jurists, who have ever acted on this rule, and of lords Eldon and Redesdale, may with propriety be referred to, and invoked in support of a dissenting judge; and the rules and decisions of this court, till this time, may also be called to his aid.
Had the present appellants demurred to the bill, objected in the pleadings, or at the hearing, on the ground now taken,

SUPREME COURT.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
the defect, if any, would have been cured in the court below, by an amendment without affecting the proceedings, but
here, it would seem, that there can be no amendment ordered without annulling every thing heretofore done in the cause. If it was so intended by the appellants, they have delayed this objection most profitably for the purposes of vexation, it has been received under circumstances which would have prevented it being listened to in any other appellate court, but which have entitled it to favour here. It is not made by the respondent, whom alone it concerned to reverse erroneous proceedings by the appellants, who were complainants, against him, if he chooses to waive defects in their petition, they could not be injured thereby, they did not ask for an amendment in theirs, or the petition of the party who obtained a decree in his favour. The appellants asked a reversal and a decree in their favour, they have obtained a reversal indeed, but it is of every step they have taken to submit their rights to the final adjudication of this court, the cause is open to indefinite litigation, by each of the three hundred claimants to the fund in the hands of the executor, as well as those now ordered to be added to the suit, who may be not the least troublesome, at least to the appellants. A principle, too, has been established, by which each claimant is permitted during the five years allowed for appeal after a final decree, to reserve his objection to the pleadings till a convenient time, and then obtain reversals on a summary motion, for defects that are amendable on application in the discretion of the circuit court, by the general rules of courts of equity and law, and by right, under the provisions of the judiciary act.
There can be no course so utterly subversive of equity, nay, of common justice, as to hear parties in an appellate court, on points made under circumstances like the present, it is one to which I can never consent, and against which I shall deem it a duty to suitors to protest on all similar occasions. I will never, while sitting in this court, reverse a decree upon objections which a court of chancery or exchequer, on a cause regularly before them, would not in the exercise of their original jurisdiction, or the house of lords or the court of errors and appeals in New York would not permit counsel to argue on appeal. Nor will I in any way admit, that any appellate

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
court can, in the legitimate exercise of their jurisdiction, render a judgment of reversal on any ground, on which they would not be bound to hear an argument of counsel. It is a great hardship on parties, to have their judgments set aside on technical objections raised at the bar, but the grievance will become intolerable, if the course of the court should be such as to do it when they are first suggested from the bench.
Let an objection like the present, however, come whence it may, I consider it as purely technical, which I cannot sustain consistently with the respect due to the solemn and unanimous decisions of this court in Harding v. Handy, and Renner v. The Bank of Columbia, with many others founded on the most immutable maxims of the law They settle the rule, that the conclusion of fact drawn from a circumstantial averment, is sufficient to support a decree in equity, and forbid me from disregarding the evidence which has been admitted without objection and now formspart of the record before me for judicial inspection, merely because the subject matter of that evidence was not averred in the bill or petitions of the claimants. And when to this high and unquestioned authority is added, the 32d rule of this court, I find safe rules for my guide, which would be violated by any sanction given to any proceeding in opposition thereto. That rule is, "in all cases in equity, &c., no objection shall hereafter be allowed to the admissibility of any deposition, deed, grant, or other exhibit, found in the record as evidence, unless objection was taken in the court below and entered of record, but the same shall otherwise be deemed to have been admitted by consent." I feel bound to examine all the evidence in this record, as it is found without an objection, ,and as counsel andpartiesare precluded from now making any, it is my duty to give it its full effect on the question of domicil, as well as any other which may be relevant to the cause, any other course, would, in my opinion, annul this rule, which counsel must respect, and which I had thought the court would adhere to, by hearing an argument on a point arising on the evidence, made by the counsel of the appellants in the brief presented for our judicial action.
The order for the admission of new parties deserves some notice on account of the manner in which it was made, which
VOL. ix.M-3 S

SUPREME COURT.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
is believed to be unprecedented. Their names were not in the record, they were in no way before the court, but had employed counsel, who were desirous of being heard as anrnc curwz, in order to point out some irregularities which, as they conceived, would authorize the reversal of the decree, so as to permit them to make an application to become parties, stating at the same tine, that the circuit court had very properly re, fused such application by a bill of review This court, promptly and unanimously refused to hear them in support of their motion, yet have granted what they would not permit to be moved for by the counsel of the new parties, and of course without motion, for the counsel of the appellants who signed the brief as representing three individuals and others, on being called on by the counsel for the appellees in open court to state for whom they appeared, declined an answer. In the circuit court it may not be within the line of duty to inquire, by what authority, and on whose application, these parties have been ordered to be admitted as litigants in the cause, so far as respects one of the judges, lie will obey the mandate. But in this court he may, and does make the inquiry respectfully, but as a matter of right, and fearlessly insists, that it has been done in violation of the best established principles of the law of appellate courts. As the court would not hear the motion of the counsel of these parties, they could not be judicially informed that they desired admission into the cause, afortiori they could not judicially decide, whether their case was one which gave them a right to admission. Their judgment and mandate have therefore been given on extrajudicial knowledge, such as no appellate court can receive or act upon, as it was wholly dehors the record, and related to no party to the appeal, or any thing appealed from.
In issuing their order, founded on such knowledge as they chose to receive, the court must have taken a very partial view of the papers presented to them for their collateral inspection, had they been judicially examined, or their contents known, it would have been apparent that the case deserved some deliberation at least. By their own admission, these parties bad full knowledge, that the fund they claimed, was in the hands of the executor in Pennsylvania, yet their first application to be admitted as parties to this suit, was ten years after the death of

JANUARY TERM 1835.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
the testator, and nearly six months after the final decree. That after the failure of their petition for a bill of review, they had filed their original bill in the circuit court, having previously applied to the orphan's court of Philadelphia county (which is a court of equity and of record, before whom the administration account was in a course of settlement) for an order of distribution in their favour.
This court also knew judicially, for it appeared in the answer of the executor in this case, that he had interpleaded and prayed the protection of the court, for which purpose they had made an order (also in the record) that all claimants of the fund who did not appear by a given day and present their claims, should be barred-thereafter, which order was sanctioned by the practice and rules of all courts of equity. These parties suffered the time to elapse long before they thought proper to make any claim, without in anywaydenying notice of the pendency of the suit, or accounting for their delay in apply-
ing to become parties before the final decree. If any court could be justified in admitting them afterwards
in a case circumstanced like this, it most assuredly could be only by the exercise of original jurisdiction, by bill of review, and not by any appellate power over this record, these parties were not and could not be appellants from a final decree to which they were not party nor privy, nor could this court lawfully reverse the decree on new matter, or for any cause appropriate to a bill of review As to these persons, there was no case in this court, it could have no appellate jurisdiction to hear and determine on any thing, and the proceeding was wholly coram nonjudice, unless it could exercise original jurisdiction over the parties and the subject matter, as a case originating in this court.
Thus considered, I feel it a duty to declare that the mandate to the circuit court, ordering these persons to be made parties, is without any authority of principle or precedent, and although I shall obey it in that court as the command of a court of the last resort, yet in my best judgment, feel constrained to pronounce it inconsistent with the best established rules and usages of law, and a violation of the constitution of an appellate court.

SUPREME COURT.
[Harrison and others v. Nixon.]
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of ihe record from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Pennsylvania, and was argued by counsel, on considetation whereof, it is ordered, adjudged and decreed, that the decree of the said circuit court in the premises be, and hereby is reversed and annulled, and that the cause be remanded to the said circuit court for further proceedings, with directions to the said court to allow the bill and the petitions of the claimants to be amended, and the answers and pleadings also to be amended to conform thereto, and proofs to the new matter also to be taken, and with further directions to allow any other person or persons, not now parties to the proceedings, who shall claim title to the funds in controversy as heir or heirs at law or representatives of the testator, to present their claims respectively beforethe said court, and to make due proofs thereof, and to become parties to the proceedings, for the due establishment and adjudication thereof. But the proofs already taken in the cause are to be deemed admissible evidence in regard to all such persons, not now parties, who shall claim title as aforesaid, and become parties in the cause under this order, and such other proceedings are to be had in the said cause by the said court, as to law, equity and justice shall appertain.

