JANUARY TERM 1836.

SARAH BOONE

AND OTHERS, APPELLANTS V. NN 1LlsAAM AND OrHERS, APPELLEES.

CHtILES

Tl he eomplainants filed a bill in the circuit court of Kentucky, claiming a conveyance
of the legal title, and a. account of rents and profits of a tract of land, the legal title to which was derived, in virtue of the law of Virginia, under a settlement and a pre-emption right, held by Reuben Searcy. Scarcy gave his bond to Hoy, to make a deed of one-half of the land to which he was thus entitled; the other half having been given by him to onL Martin, to obtain the location and patenting. He afterwards gave the plats aad surveys to Hoy, wvho, in 1785, obtained a patent for the land, which he was to have a deed for. Hoy, in 1781, assigned' the bond. of Searcy to George Boone, and made himself surety for its performance; and George Boone' assigned the bond to Thomas Boone, the ancestor of the complainants. rhomas Boone lived in the state of Pennsylvania, and was in Kentucky in 1802, 1810, and 1819, in-the neighborhood of the land; but while there he took no measures, personally, to obtain the title or possession of it. In 1787 he gave to George Boone a power of attorney to obtain a conveyance of the land; and in 1802 he made a conditional sale of it to Hezekiah Boone; but the condition was not performed by Hezekie:s Boone; so that under the agreement he obtained no right to the land.
Possession was taken of parts of the land, and improvements made as ea'ly as or before 1806, and the persons in possession are among the defendants. George Boone exceeded his powers, awl made agreements to sell the land; and also agreed to give up to one of the heirs of Hoy, Searcy's bond; and some of the heirs sold parts of'the land -to the pcrs.os in possession, asserting a right to the legal title: and .another of the'heirs sold by a quit-claim deed all her rights, as one of the heirs of .Hey, to Green Clay. Afterwards William Chiles, alleging that he had obtained from George Boone, and from Hezekiah Boone, the conditional purchaser, the equitable right of Thomas Boone, under Searcy's bond; filed in the name of Thomas, George, and Ilezekiah Boone, and in his own name, in the county court of -Bourbon county, a bill againt the heirs of Hey, the persons in possession, and against Green Clay, alleging him to be a purchaser ivith notice of Thomas Boone's equitable title, under Searcy and Hoy:. and obtained from that court a decree for a
CGonveyance to him-of the legal title, and afterwards a deed for the same from a commissioner appointed to execute the same. This decree was afterwards, on appeal, eversed for informality; but before the same was reversed, the complainants filed -thisbill, asking for a conveyance from Chiles of-all the title he held in the land,' either under 4he decree, or in any other manner.- Chiles, after the bill was filed,
purchased from Green Clay the rights he held ; and, in his answer, alleges him to. have been an innocent purchaser, without notice. The persons in possession, who ,purchased from Chiles, after the decree of the Bourbon court, answered, asserting their possession, and that they were -protected by the statute of limitation ; and vubmit to such rules and regulations, according to law and equity, as the case may
require. In 1822, Thomas Boone made an agreement v ith Boone Engles, by which the latter took upon him the institution and conducting. or this suit, for a portion of the benetit to be derived from it; and this the persons. in possession
Yot, X,.-X

SUPREME' COURT
allege to be champerty. The court decreed a conveyance-by Chiles, and by other, who held the legal title, to be made to the complainants, of. all the lands unsold, and not-in the possession of others; and that those who are in possession, who had purchased from Chiles, shoiuld pay to the complainants the sums which they agreed to pay, respectively, with interest, according to their respective contracts. A court of equity must be regardless of all its rules, before it can recognise Chiles as a purchaser, or as having any right whate er in the land : it must also forfeit itb character, if it sanctions such a course of iniquitous fraud. We deem it wholly useless to contrast the relative equities cf the plaintiffs and Chiles,, in order to affirm their right to a decree for the conveyance of the legal title, obtained in violation of every principle which governs courts of equity ; unless he has made out some objections to the relief prayed, on grounds unconnected with the justice of the case. The heirs of Searcy are not parties: they had no interest in the land ; their father':. bond was 'satisfied by the performance of the condition, when the patents were obtained by Hoy ; who, by purchase from Martin and Searcy, held the legal title to the whole fourteen hundred acres, subject to be divcited only by the equity of Boone, derived by this agreement to transfer the one-half No act, therefore, remained to be performed by the heirs of Searcy. The title of Boone becomes complete, by the union of his equitable with Hoy's legal title, without any interpositiorn of the heirs of Searcy, who have no interest to defend, or title to convey. The lapse of time and the staleness-of the plaintiffs' equity, is also set up as a bar to a decree in their favor : but whatever effect time may have in equity in favor of a possesion long and peaceably held; it can have'none in favor of Chiles, whose only claim is under the equity of Thomna§ Boone, and against whom the present suit was brought in six years e~t'er he first interfered with it. It cannot be permittect to him to acquire the legal-title of Hoy, in virtuc of Boone's equity, and to hold it to his own use; on the ground that Boone's right had become extinct by the lapse of time, before he acquired it. The means by which the legal title has been conveyed to Chiles, have affected his conscience too deeply with fraud, for a court of equity to suffer him to enjoy its fruits. As to him, the plaintiffs have established a right to a decree for the conveyance of whatever title he may have deriyed by any conveyance to himself directly, of the legal right of Hoy's heirs. By the rules of an appellate court,-it can act on no evidence which was not before the court below, or receive any paper that was not used at the hearing. A.party is not allowed to state one case in a, bill or answer, and make out a different one by proof: the allegata and 1:robata must agree; the latter must support the former. A purchaser with notice may protect himself under a purchaser by deed without iWtice; but cannot do it by purchase from one who holds or claims by contra&t only. The cases are wholly distinct. In the former, the purchaser with notice. is protected; in the latter, he has no standing in equity, for an obvious. reason; that the plaintiffs' elder equity shall prevail, unless the delfndant can shelter himself under the legal title acquired by one whose conscience was not affected with fraud. or notice, and who can impart his immunity to a guilty purchaser, as the representative of his legal rights fairly acquired by deed, in such amanner as exempts him from the jurisdiction of a court of equity. Such a purchase affixes no stain on the conscience, and equity cannot disturb the legal title. But as it does not pass by a contract of purchase without deed,. the defendant can acquire only an equity; the transfer of which does not absolve him from the consequences of his first fraudulent purchase. His second purchase of an equity will not avail him more than the first i

JANUARY TERM 1836.

179

for the original notice of the plaintiff's equity taints his conscience, so as to make him a mere trustee, if lie holds the legal title. from one who is not an innocent, bona fide purchaser. It is a general principle in' courts of equity, that, where both parties claim by an equitable title, the one who is prior in time is deemed the better in right; and that where the equities are equal in point of merit, the law prevails. Strong as a plaintiffs equity may be, it can in no case be stronger than that of a purchaser, who has put himself.in peril by purchasing a title, and paying a valuable consideration, without notice of any defect in it: and when, in addition, he shows a legal title from one seised and possessed of th.e property purchased, he has a right to demand protection and relief, which a court of equity imparts libqrally. Such suitors are its most especial favorites. It will not inquire how he may have obtained a statute, mortgage, encumbrance, or even a satisfied legal term, by which he can defend himself at law, if.outstanding: equity will not aid his adversary in taking from him the tabula in nofragio,if acquired before 'a decree. Relief will not be granted against him in favor of the widow or orphan.: nor shall the heir see tile title-papers. It is a bar to a bill to perpetuate testimony, or for discovery ; and .goes to the jurisdiction of the court over him: his conscience being clear, any adversary must be left to his remedy at law. _ But this will not he done on mere averment, or allegation; the protection of such bona fide purchase, is necessary only when the plaintiff has a prior equity; which can be barred or avoided only by the union of the legal title with an equity, arising from the payment of tle money, and receiving the conveyance without notice, and a clear conscience. In setting it up, a bona fide purchase without notice, by plea or answer, it muit state the deed of purchase, the date; parties, and contents briefly ; that the vendor wap seized in fee, and in possession: the-consideration must be stated, with a distinct averment that it was bona fide and truly paid, independently .of the recital in the deed. Notice must be denied previous to, and down to the time of paying the muney, and the delivery of the deed; and if notice is specially.charged, the denial must be of all circumstances referred to, from which notice can be inferred ; and the answer or plea must show how the grantor acquired title. The title purchased must be, apparently, perfect, good at law, a vested estate in fee simple. It must be a regu-
l'r.conveyance; for the purchaser of an equitable title holds it subject to the equities -upon it in the hands of the vendor, and has no better standing in a court of equity. Such is the case which must be stated to give the defendant the benefit of an answer or plea of an innocent purchase without notice; the case stated must be made out; evidence will not be permitted to be given of any other matter not set out. The objections to the plaintiffs' recovery on the ground of the contract between Tho-
mas Boone and Bo6n Engles being within the statutes of champerty and maintenance, cannot be sustained for two reasons: 1. The English statutes on this subject, which were adopted in Kentucky, punished the offence and declared the contract for maintenance void between the parties, but did not direct or authorize.the dismissal of the suit instituted between other partiesin furtherance of such contract.
Boon Engles is no party to this suit; and it does not concern the defendants whether it was commenced and is conducted by his agency, or by the plaintiffs themselves: the right of plaintiffs is not forfeited by such ali agreement, and it may be asserted against the defejidants whether the contract with Boon Engles is valid or void. 2. By the act of Kentucky of 1798, which was in force when this contract was made, and suit brought; no person could be prevented from prosecuting or defending any claim

SUPREME COURT
to land aeld under the land laws of Virginia ; nor was any suit brought to make good such claim considered as cooming within the provisions of the common law, or any statute against chaniperty or maintenance. These statuteswere not revived, till 18. The time does not bar a direct trust as between trustees and cestui que trust, till it is disavowed : yet, where a constructive trust is made out in equity, time protects the trustee, though his conduct was originally fraudulent, and his purchase would have been repudiated for fraud. So, where a party takes possession ini his own right, ald was prima tacie the owner, and is turned into a trustee by matter of evidence merely. And where one intending to purchase the entire interest in the land, took a conveyance without words of limitation to his heirs, passing only as an estate for life, the lapse of fburteen years atelr the expiration of the life estate, was a protection to the heirs of the purchaser. What that reasonable titie is, within which a constructive trust call fleenorced, dopends on the circumstances of the case; but there can tie few cases where it ban be done, after twenty years' peaceable possession, by the st~rson who claims in his own right, but whose acts have made him a trustee by implication. His possession entitles him to at least the same protection as that of a direct trustee, who, to the plaintiffs' knowledge, disavows the trust, and holds adversely ; as to whonmithe time runs from the disavowal, beciusc his possession is thenceforth adverse. The possession of land is notice of a claim to it by the possessor; if not taken and held by contract or purchase, it is, from its inception, adverse to all the world; and in twenty years; bars the owners in law and in equity. A purchaser in possession by a contract to sell, is in law a trespasser; but in equity, lie is the owner of the estate, having taken possession under the contract; and the vendor is in the situation of ali equitable mortgagor. If the entry was by purchase, and the purchaser claims the land in fee, lie is not a trustee.; his title, though derivative, from, and consistent with, the original title of the plaintiffs, is a present claim in exclusion of, and, adverse to it. A vendee in fee, derives his title from the vendor ; but his title, though derivative, is adverse to that of the vendor: he enters and holds for himself. Such was the doctrine of this court in Blight's lessee v. Rochester, 4 Pet. 506, 7. In that case the court said," The vendee acquires the property for himself, and his faith is not pledged to maintain the title ofthe vendor." Equity makes the vendor without decd, a trustee to tihe vendee, for the conveyance of the title ; the vendee is a trustee for the paynett of the purchase money, and the performance of the terms of the purchtse. But a vendee is in no case a truslee of the vendor, as to the possessiol of the property sold ; the vendee claimns and'hiolds it in his own right, for his owni benefit, subject to no right ofthe vendor, save the terms which the contract imposes ; his possession is, theretbre, adverse as to the property, but friendly as to the plerforiiiance ofthe conhil ions of the purihias.
APPEAL frotn the circuit court of the United States for the district of Kentucky.
The principal facts of this case were the following: Reuben Searcy being entitled to a settlement of four hundred acres of land, and a pre-emption of one thousand acres, in Bourbon county, Kentucky, tnder the laws of Virginia ; obtained a cer-

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
tificate thereof from the commissioners, and he employed one John Martin to perfect the title to the lands, and gave him onehalf of the same for so doing. On the 24th September 1781, Searcy sold seven hundred acres, supposed to be one-half of the land, to William Hoy, and executed a bond ta Hoy' The bond was in the following words:
"Know all men by these presents, that 1, Reuben Searcy, of the county of Fayette, am held and firmly bound unto William Hoy, of the county of Lincoln, and state of Virginia, in the penal sum of fifty thousand pounds, current money of Virginia, to which
payment, well and truly to be made, I bind myself, my heirs, executors, and administrators, unto the said William Hoy,'he, his heirs, oi assigns, this 24th day of September 1781. The condition of the above is such, that if the above-bound Reuben Searcy shaliwell and truly make, or cause to be made, as soon as deeds are made to lands in this county in general, a good and sufficient deed for seven. hundred acres of first-rate land,lying in Fayette county, on Licking creek, betwcen John Martin's station: and.Ruddle's station ; it being part of a.settlement and pre-emption, thatJohn Martin cleared out on the halves for.said Reuben Searcy ; and the said Hoy takes his first choice of the land; then the above obligation.to be void ;-otherwise to remain and be in full force and virtue."
On-the 15th of December 1781 William [Toy made the following assignment to George Boone of this bond, by an endorsement thereon :
1, William Iloy, assign over the within bond Untb George Boone, his heirs,-or assigns ; and said loy obliges himself, his heirs, executors, and administrators, as shoLrely to within bond; and if the within lands cannot be obtained by reason of a prior claim, then, and in that case, seven hundred actes, equl1 in quality and convenience, shall discharge the within bond."
Searcy also assigned the plats and certificates of survey to Hoy, who was thus enabled, in, July 1785, to complete the title, by obtaining patents for the land in his own name. On the 30th of April 1785, George Boone made the following assignment of the bond to Thomas Boone, the ancestor of the appellants, who are his heirs *

SUPREME COURT.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
"I do hereby assign over all my right, title, and claim of the within bond unto Thomas Boone, heirs, or assigns, without recourse to' the same; that is to say, that I, the said George Boone, am no ways* obligated, if the -said William Hoy, or his heirs, sufficient to make good the within bond ; but if the said William Hoy, or his heii's, should not be good, then I, George Boone, do bind myself, my heirs, to make good the same unto the said Thomas Boone, or his heirs or assigns."
On the 25th day of January 1823, Thomas Boone filed .a bill, in the circuit court of the United States for the district of Kentucky, stating his equitable righlt, thus derived, to seven hundred
acres of land, part of the settlement and pre-emption of Searcy, alleging that he had never parted with the same ; but admitting that he made a conditional contract with Hezekiah Boone for it, which was never complied with by'said Hezekiah, and was afterwards expressly abandoned by him.
On the 1st of'October 1787, Thomas Boone, who resided in the state of Pennsylvania, gave to George Boone a. power of attorney, in the following terms:
"Know all men by these presents, that I, Thomas Boone, of
Oly township, in the county of Berks, and commonwealth of Pennsylvania, blacksmith, for divers good causes, me hereunto moving, hath constituted and appointed, and by these presents do constitute and appoint my trusty friend, George Boone, of Madison county, in the settlement af Kentucky, and commonwealth of Virginia, yeoman, my true and lawfil attgrney, for me and in my name, and to my use, to ask, demand, sue for and recover of and from Major William Hoy, of Kentucky settleme-nt, a deed or other lawful conveyance, valid in.law, for seven hundred acres of land, in or near the watersof Hinkson and Stoner, branches of Licking !iver ; it being one-half or moiety of a settlement and pre-'emption, right, belongilig to a certain Reuben Searcy, and which I purchased friom squire Boone, who purchased the same from said George Boone, who purchased the same from said William Hoy, hereby giving and granting my sole power and authority to my said attorney concerning the premises, to do or cause to be done therein, as amply as 1 myself imight or could.do were I persomally present; and on the obtaining said title and

JANUARYTERM 1836.
[Boone v. Chilee.]
conveyance for me, and in my name, sufficient discharges to sign, seal, and deliver, and one or more attorney or attorneys tnder him, to substitute and appoint, and at pleasure to revoke, hereby ratifying and confirming whatsoever my said attorney shall lawfully do concerning the premises. Inivitness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and seal, this 1st day of October 1787." ->The bill charges that William Chiles instituted a suit in the Bourbon circuit court of Kentucky, without the knowledge or consent of Thomas Boone, in the name of Thomas Boone, William Chiles, Hezekiah and George Boone, against the heirs of William Hoy, and against others in possession of the land, to compel the execution of a conveyance of'the seven hundred acres of land: that in the suit, Chiles, alleging the .execution of the bond by Searcy, and the assignmehts before stated, pretended that, under the conditional contract between Thomas and Hezekiah Boone, the latter had becone entitled to the land, and that he had purchased it-from said Hezekiah. In the suit, a decree was pi'notnccd for a conveyarce to he made to Chiles; and on the 7th day of January 1822, a commissioner, appointed by the court,. according to the lawp.of Kentucky, executed a conveyance to Chiles for seven hundred acres of the land, in conformity with the decree.
In the proceedings in the Bourbon court, William Chiles made Green Clay a defendant, alleging him to be a purchaser from
Necwland and wife, of two-eighths of the land, he having notice of Thomas Boones rights. The wife of Newland was one of [oy's heirs. After the decree, he purchased from Green Clay all he held under Newland and wife ' and, inthis case, he relics on the title obtained under that purchase.
Hezekiah Boone, by his answer, asserts a right to the land under the conditional contractbut no proof of a compliance with the same was given in the cause; and it was in evidence that, long after the contract, he acknowledged he had no right to the land, and that it belonged to Thomas Boone.
Some of the defendants, in the circuit court, allege that George Boone, as attorney in fact for Thomas Boone, in August 1792,' assigned Searcy's bond to a certain John South, and delivered the bond to him. John South was-the executor of William lioy,

SUPREME COURT.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
and had married one of his daughters ; and South sold, to some of the defendants, parts of the land, under a pretence that he held Hoy's claim : andthey insist that the assignment of Searcy's bond shall enure to their benefit.
It was in evidence that William Chiles, after the death of John South, applied to Benjamin South, who had the custody of Searcy's bond, and by an arrangement with him, the assignment to John South was erased and cancelled, and the bond was transferred to Chiles. This was prior to the institution of the suit in the Bourbon county court, and the bond was filed among the proceedings in the cause.
The defendants also set up, by way of defence, that ain agreement in writing, of which a copy is filed, was made between Thomas Boone and Boon Engles, in December 1822, by which Engles undertook, at his own expense, ro prosecute a suit for the 700 acres of land in dispute ; and, as a consideration for his trouble, & -. , was to have one-half of the land. This suit, they allege-, is proseculed under that agreenent; and they charge that oit is,.thetefore, a case of champierty and maintenakice, forbidden by law and in which the court can give no relief. The complainants rely, that at the time of the agreement, the law of champert-y and maintenance was not in force in Kentucky ; and that,. if it was, this case does not fall widiin its scope.
During the pendency of this.suit, in the circuit court of Kentucky, the defendants, in the suit in the Bourbon circuit court, instituted, ps aforesaid, in the name of Chiles and the Boones, prosecuted a writ of error Irom the court of appeals of Kentucky, to reverse thtc d'ecree, obtaihed.in -that suit. And the court of appeals accordingly did reverse the decree for Avant of proper parties; arrd remandedthe cause to the Bourbon circuit court for fu'rther proceedings, The cause is still pending there ; Chiles and th hieirs ofUTto-asBoone respectively claiming a right-to
direct its future prosecution. By anenred pleadings, the complainants allege the reversal
of -the decree of the Bourbon county court; and"-ihe heirs of George Boon'e were made defendants, . They also allege that the. heirs of G&orge Boon assert no claim to' the land ;-and that Searcy is -dead. -having left no heirs known to the complainants.

JANUARY TERM. 1836.
[Bootie v. Chiles.]
During the. proceedings ia the circuit court, and in this situation of the same, a question of jurisdiction arose.; and the judges being divided in opinion, .the cause was adjourned, according to law, to the supreme court, with the following statement of the points respecting which the judges were divided in opinion: 1. " The court being the-n divided, and the judges opposed. in opinion as to the jurisdiction over the case; and, unable, therefore, to render a decree on the merits, they resolve to adjourn that question to the supreme court, to wit, under all circumstances, appearing as above, can this court entertaincognizance of the.case ? 2. The judges were also opposed in opinion on the point whether the complainants were entitled to a decree in the absence of any proof that the persons made defendants in the amended bill, as heirs of George Boone, were in fact his heirs ?1"
The cause came on, upon this adjournment of it, before the supreme court, at the January term, 1834 ; and this court, in its mandate to the Kentucky circuit court, certifies its opinion on the questions submitted to it as follows : " The court is' of opinion, 1. That, under the circumstances stated in the certificate of the judges, the said circuit court could entertain cognizance of the case. 2. That the want of proof that the persons made defendants in the amended bill, as the heirs of George Boone, were, in fact, his heirs, is no obstruction to a decree on the merits of the cause."
It appears on the record that William Chiles, besides the conveyance executed to him by the commissioner appointed by the Bourbon circuit court, of the -interest of all the heirs of Hoy ; obtained a special conveyance, prior to the institution of the Buorbon suit, from William Hoy the son, and his wife, and John Sappington and Parthenia, his wife; who were two of the heirs of William Hoy the obligor. And in Chiles's bill filed in the circuit court of Bourbon; he charges G. Clay to have obtained the interest of Newland and wife, as one of the heii's of W. Hoy, with full notice of his (Chiles's) claim ; in other wordsiwith full notice of the claim of Thomas Boone's heirs: and that he G. Clay, upon zeceiving a conveyance from them, bound himself by special contract to make good all the contracts of their ancestor.
Green Clay filed his answer to the bill of Chiles- and others,
VOL. X.-Y

SUPREME-COURT.
..[Boone v. Chiles.]
in (le Bourbon circuit- court ; in which answer h6 does not'alfege that he has obtained the legal title from Newland and wife ; he does not allege that he has obtained any title from them, but refers to a contract by which he acquired their interest, and, without producing it, refers to it as being of record.
The heirs of John South, of George Boone, and -of Hezekiah Boone, were made defendants, and most of them answered : but the complainants allege they are onlyformal parties.
.One object of the suit is to annul the contract betwen'Heze-
kiah Boone and Thomas Boone ; but the main purpose of it is to obtain the legal title to and possession of the 700 acres of land in.contest, which is vested in IV. Chiles and the heirs of W. Hoy, and which Chiles, as is alieged,* fraudulently acquired; first, by possessing himself 'of the bond of R. Searcy, the proper ty of Thomas Boone; and, secondly, by proseeuting the suit in chancery in the Bourbon circuit court, in- the name of Thomas Boone and others; and, lastly, by obtaining from two of the heirs .of Hoy, and froh Green Clay, 'conveyances.
Upon the retu'rr of the cause to the circuit court, in May 1834, that court pronounced a final .decree, by which the defendant, Chiles, was decreed, bydeed of release, with special warranty, to 'convey to the complainant all his title and interest in the land in controversy, except- that which he held under a- deed friom Green Clay, who the court state, was a purchaser for a valuable -consideration*from Newland and Wife, (she'being one of the heirs or devisees of W. Hoyr, in whom the legal title was;) and who conveyed to Chiles the title which he (Clay) had so acquired. The court also decreed that Chiles should deliver to the clerk of the court, to be cancelled, the contract between him and Hezekiah Boone and George Boone, as attoineys in fact for Thomas Boone, as it appeared to the court that the contract was made without authority, and that its terms had never been complied with by Hezekiah Boone. The court further decreed (hav'ing previously caused an adjustment -to be made of one-half of the rents and profits of the land, and one-half 6f the value of-the improvements,) the tenants in possession to pay the several balances which appeared to be due from them. As to so much of the land as was claimed by John Evalt, one of the defendants, within the

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
bounds of Flournoy's patent, and which is described in the decree ; the court dismised the bill, as Evalt, and those under whom
he claims, had more than twenty years adverse possession. The court further decreed that the claim of the complainants is not to be prejudiced by the decree in. this cause, as to any of the heirs of Hoy, who are not parties to the suit. The court likewise de-' creed that Jones Hoy, and Fanny, by her guardian ad litem, do convey all their interest, &c. in the land, as heirs or devisees of William Hoy. And, finally, the court directed the clerk, as corn-missioner, to convey, in default of conveyances being made by. the defendants, according to the statute.of Kentucky; and pos-
session to be delivered by a fixed day.... From this decree both parties appealed, and entered into the
,requisite bonds for the due prosecution of their respective ap-
peals. The case was argued at January term 1835, by Mr. Clay, for
the appellants, and by Mr. Harding, for the appellees; and the court, after advisement, ordered a re-argument. Is was now, again, argued by Mr. Clay and Mr. Crittenden, for the appellants, by Mr. Underwood, for William Chiles,' and by Mr. Hardin, for the other defendants.
Beforethe argument was commenced, Mr. Underwood stated that be was desirous to submit a preliminary question, which was,'whether a certain deed from John Newland and wife to Green Clay, a certified copy of which would be filed among the records of the court, would be admitted as part- of the proceedings of the case in the circuit court ? If thiswas refused, he would move for a certiorari to the circuit court, in opder to bring tip the same.
Mr. Clay stated that the deed had not been exhibited in the circuit court, on the hearing of the case. The final decree of the ,circuit court, from which this appeal was prosecuted, was returned at May term 1834. The paper now offered purports to be a copy of a deed which the clerk of the circuit court, on,the 3d day of June 1835, cert'fies was produced to the court by the counsel of the defendants ; who "suggested that the same deed was on f le." and "used on the hearing of the cause ;" and that on the said

SUPREME COURT.

[Boone v. Ohdes.,

3d day of June 1835, was, by the court, ordered to be copied

and certified to the supreme court.

He was willing that the copy of the deed should be considered

as if the deed were before the court on a return to a certiorari.

As he denied that the deed had been used in the :circuit court,

he would not admit its use in this court ; nor did the certificate

of the clerk show that the deed had been before the circuit court,

on the hearing of the cause.

It was agreed by the counsel, that the copy of the deed should

be considered as if it had been sent up from the circuit court on a

certiorari.

Mr. Clay, for the appellants, said that it would be contended

the decree of the circuit court was erroneous-

1. In decreeing in behalf of William Chiles, upon the convey-

ance of Green Clay to him of the interest of Newland land his

wife, who was one of the heirs of William Hoy. Neither Green

Clay, in his answer to the bill in the Bourbon court, nor Chiles,

as his alienee, in his answer in the federal court, makes those

allegations which entitle Clay or. Chiles, to the protection -ac-

corded to them, of a bona fide purchaser without notice. There

is no allegation or proof as to what sum was paid, or when or -how

it was paid, by Clay to Newland and -wife. He does not deny

the allegation of the bill, that he (Clay) purchased under a stipu-

lation to make good the contract of the ancestor of Newland and

wife, William Hoy. He does not exhibit any legal title what-

ever, (and none isbelieved to exist,) from Newland and wife to

him. And there is muchreason to believe that his own quit claim

title to Chiles, was made to avoid the suit which Chiles waspro-

secuting against him in virtue of the title-papers of Thomas

Boone. A purchaser, to be protected, must show that he has

paid a fair consideration, and what it was ; and obtained the legal

title, before he had notice of the equity. Clay and Chiles have

utterly lailed to establish these indispensable requisites: and

Chiles himself, in the Bourbon bill, charged Clay to be a mala

fide purchaser.

-

2. Tho court below ered in dismissing the bill as to Evalt,

and ought to-have decreed against him.

3. That the. court is also believed to have erred in limiting the

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
decree to one-half the amount of the rents and profits. It ought to have decreed to, the complainants the whole amount of the rents and profits upon the land in contest ; or at least a greater proportion thereof than th'at of one-half.
He would examine the case1. As it respects the heirs of William Hoy. 2. As to the rights and duties of William Chiles. 3. As it respects the rights and claims of the tenants in possession. ·This is the common case of an application to chancery, to oblige the holder of the legal title to convey to the holder of a superior ,equitabletitle. ,As to Hoy's'heirs, the only ground set up for them is the length of time, since the execution of the bond and the transfer of the same. No one of the parties can present, or did offer a solid objection to the title. In considering this objection, it will be proper for the court to look at the terms of Searcy's bond, and to those of the assignment. It is not an agreement to make a conveyance at once ; but " as soon as deeds were made for lands' in the country in general." In estimating time on an instrument, it is proper to look to ,the condition for the period and circumstances in which its obligation is to be performed. In this case the provision is important, for the state of the country, and ,the difficulties of conflicting titles created great delays. The deed was to be made after all these difficulties should cease. There is, therefore, in the bond, no definite time for the execution of the contract it contain&. But the obligor disqualified himself from executing the contract in the-bond ; for he assigned the evidences of title, and the deed was to be made when Martin had perfected the rights of Searcy. William Hoy died shortly afterwards, within four or five years, leaving infant heirs; some of whom did not arrive at age until 1809. This suit was commenced fourteen. years afterwards. There is evidence on the record to show that the infancy of Hoy's heirs was the cause of the delay. The evidence proves that South, the executor of William Hoy, postponed the delivery' of the title. It is also contended that the obligor was bound to

SUPREME COURT.
[Boone v. Chilcs.]
give notice; when he was ready to make the title.: He may be hastened- b.'the obligor z but if thetime wfts vague and indefinite, and depending, as in this .case, on, circumstances which he only, or he best knew ;-he shall not avail himself of the lapse of time, unless he gives notice.
As the patents issued to another, he should'have given notice; and as to the interfering claims within the survey,there are suits to this day; non-residence--appliation for. titl6-infanc---the acts of"South ;all these show that if the dispute was with Hoy's
heirs only ,this, court could, ,without hesitation, give the relief asked- by the appellants. ' But -others are-inferested in the controversy, who claim under a title.derived from some of the heirs of Hoy. The answers of Hoy'sheirs show, that they themselves make no claim'; and the-appellants are resisted by s.trangers, claim ing for them.
2. As to the condition of William Chiles, and on the question Whether there is any thing in his situation,'which can authorize
·him to resist the claims of the appellants: He claims under the ancestor of th appellants, and under pro-
ceedings founded'on his right. He was.not in possession, and never was in possession: and lie instituted the proceedings in the Bourbon county court, obtained a legal title, fraudulently'; and he now refuses to give up that title to the appellants.
A very important question is presented under the cdmmissioner's deed. A fraudulently procures, by proceedings in the right of B, a title to be made.to hinifounded on that right, and obtains a conveyance in his own name. By.tie laws of Kentucky, no title can be derived but by deed or last will. A deed under the decree of. a court is notthe end of a suit, but it is the means to obtain a title. At the 'time wyhen, by the detree of the" Bourbon court, Chiles obtained the conveyance, the proceedings of.th appellants in the circuit court. of the United States were instituted. The decree of the Bourbon -court was afterwards reversed, and the question is, whether proceedings of another court -subsequent to the institution oT this suit, and when Chiles held a title mider the decree of that court, could affect, or in any man'ner impair or alter the jurisdiction of this court over the case as it stood, when the proceedings were commenced ? The proceed-

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Bootle v. -hiles I
ings of the inferior court need not be looked into. The title under the decree remains in Chiles, and will sD remain until divested by a deed or last will. , It can thus be regarded by this court; and a conveyance of his title, under the order of ihe court, will give d title to the complainants. This 'view of the case is -sustained by analogies in the law. Sales of personal property under the decree of a court, afterwards reversed, are valid ; and even. a purchase made by a conplainaiit under a decree in his own case, sinbsequently rovoked, will stand. Whatever is done by a competet court, -while its deci'ees are in fbrce, is binding on the whole world. The court may, in its discretion, order differently. The Bourbon court did not know the fraud'of Chiles on the complainants. It had no application b'efore them for a reconveyance, on which an order for the same could be made.
But if, by any proceedings subsequent to the conv'eyance to Chiles, under the decree of the Bourbon court,-the operation of the same has been impaired or affected; yet this court should order that all the title held by Chiles should.be conveyed to the complainants.
It is contended by him that, independent 'of the right which Chiles derived under the proceedings of the Bourbon, court, he has one-eighth part of the land purchased froni Newland and wife by Green Clay, and conveyed by him to Chiles. The wife of Newland was one of the children of William Hoy.
The conveyance of Newland and wife to Green Clay was only by a quit claim deed; and there is no evidence of his having paid any thing for it. Chiles, in the proceedings in the Bourbon court makes Green Clay a defendant, and charges him as a purchaser with notice. Neither Clay or Newland assert that a deed was made, but only a-contract. No possession was delivered, and no money was paid. Newland and wife, say they never conveyed a title by deed'to Clay.
For the first time, a deed to Clay is produced as if sent up under a certiorarito the circuit court. The counsel of Chiles, after the appeal to this court, went into. the circuit court and suggested that the deed had been produced on the hearing of the cause; and'he now asks that it shall be considered by this court. It is,

SUPREME COURT.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
for this couft to decide what effect shall be given to it. Its admission to any consideration, is opposed.
The only paper regularly in the record is a quit claim deed, to Chiles, and this made after the suit was commenced. Chiles asserts that this gives him a right to one-eighth under Green Clay as an innocent purchaser without notice. If Green Clay was an innocent purchaser, Chiles was' not so. He well knew the superior equity of the complainants, and he can have no benefit from Green Clay's title, if he had any ; as he is, in reference to that title, a volunteer, with full notice.
3. As to the claims of the tenants, or those, who are in possession of the land.
They, like Chiles, hold under the complainants, and must take their fate with Chiles.'
They purchased from South, who stated that he claimed under the bond of Searcy, and this was sufficient to put them on the inquiry as to the real owner of the land. All the tenants, from 1718, hold under Chiles, having purchased from him. Theytherefore have acknowledged the right of the complainants ; but, as Chiles could not convey their right, they cannot avail .themselves of the purchase friom him. Cited 2 Bibb's Reports,-506.
'By the purchase from Chiles, they held a title consonantlo that of the defendants. No adverse title can be so acquired. They never were in possession, adversary to the possession of the appellants. What, in Kentucky, according to the decisions of the courts of'that state, is an adversary possession ? Holding under a different or opposing title adversely ; not when both hold" under the same title. This principle br-ings the purchasers from South under the title of the heirs of Hoy, which is not adverse. 4 Bihb. Rep.; 3 Littel. Rep. 134, 20; 5 Littel. 316 ; 6 Littel. 444. In two of the cases cited Chiles-was a party.
In the record of the case, there appears a recovery from the tenants by Chiles, under the title of Hoy's heirs. The appellents have a conveyance from Mrs. South, who was one of the heirs of Hoy.. The sale by her husband could give no title.
In reference to the allegation of champerty, which is made from the connextion of Boon Engles with the case, it is urged that at the time of the agreement between Engles and Boone,

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
there was no, law against champerty in Kentucky. The law against champerty was repealed- in 1798, and was not renewed until 1824.
This 'is a contest between two equities; and the complainants have the elder, and are justly entitled to a preference. They have five-eighths of the land, besides Newland's one-eighth
uiid yet the decree gives them but four-eighihs. They are also entitled to a proportionate decree for the rents and profits.
Mr. Underwood for William Chiles. The bond of Searcy stipulates that a title shall be made, and this has been done, and the obligation has beeh complied with ; and yet a bill in chancery is filed to have a title made. The complainants ask to have (lone what is already done. The obligation of the bond was completed, by the issuing of the patents to Hoy. All he was to obtain was delivei'ed to him, and there is then no foundation for this proceeding. If there could be a claim for a deed with warranty, even this is satisfied by the patents. The bill does not charge fraud in Searcy, by assigning the plat and certificates, so that they could get the title ; and,Searcy or his heirs, are not made parties to this proceeding ; and yet a specific execution of Searcy's contract is asked. This is an objection to the proceedings. The assignee Boone has no right to complain of the assignment of the title to Hoy, unless he proves that Searcy had no notice of his right to receive it. By the assignment of the bond to Boone by 140y, he. udertook nothing but as a surety ; .and there is no- remedy against a surety under the laws of 'Kentucky, until after the principal has been prosecuted to insolvency ; which has not been done. Nor does the bond furnish a sulticient description of the land, so that a speeifit performance can be asked from Lcourt of equity. No decree can be.giveti for a conveyance of any particular part-of the land. The bond is for seven hundred acres the survey iu-" eludes two thousand acres; and the appellants ask one-half of that quantity. Out of what part of the survcy, is ti sevon lundred acres to be taken ? They can have but seven hundred acres. Hoy
VOL. X.--Z

SUPREME COURT.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
is to have the first choice ; but he must have made it, and specialty designated the part chosen, before a bill in equity for any part of the land could be filed. It is now too late to make the election as toa particular part. Forty or fifty years have elapsed. The 1apse of time has barred all remedy on the bond, if it ever existed.
The courts of Kentucky allow a bill for a specific execution of a contract to be filed in favor of possession after twenty.years but in.no case do they permit the proceeding when twenty years have passed, and there has been no possession. I Dana 236. To ",escape from this rule, it is attempted to show that the cause of action has originated within twenty years.
The construction of the bond, which is claimed by the appellants, is denied. The title was to be made within a short period and the assertion that the history of the country shows the title, could not have been made sooh after the date of the bond, is -contradicted by the fact that the patents for the land were soon obtained. The terms of the bond havereference to the granting of the patents. Thei longest indulgence given by the laws of the state expired in 1798. If the time could be extended to 1800, this suit was not brought until twenty-three years after; and there is nothing which, satisfactorily, accounts for the delay.
Searcy, or his heirs, and Hoy, or his heirsr should have been niade parties. The rule in Kentucky is, that all parties, who have an interest, should be before the coturt, for the settlement of all the matters. This has not been done, and the proceedings are irregular.
There is another principle which has a strong influence in this case, and which is the established law in Kentucky. When this bond was given, it was not assignable. The statute making it assignable, passed long after it was made. The courts of Kentucky have decided, that where you proceed on an instrument assigned before.the statute, you must bring in all the heirs, and all others interested.
Another objection to the complainants' success, arises from the survey containing two thousand acres, under the pre-emption and settlenent rights, of which Martin has one-half'; and yet Chiles is to patt with all his interest iii favor. of those who can rjcover no more than seven hundred acres. Who is entitled to

JANUARY TERM 1836.
iBoone v. Chiles.]
the surplus of the seven hundred acres, which will remain out of the one-half of the ,two thousand acres? Chiles is to be deprived of all but that he holds under Green Clay, which he should hold. The complainants can have a right to no more than seven hundred acres, and they can recover no more. Three hundred acres remain, and they belong to Chiles and to Hoy's heirs.
Adversary claims exist to parts of the lands, and the adverse claimants are in possession. This is an objection to a selection being made. All the interfering claims cannot be thrown on the half belonging to Martin. No selection can now be made.
As to the deed executed by Newland and wife : it is here as if on a certiorari, and it appears to have been ceitified by order of the circuit court. The principle has been well settled in the court -of appeals of Kentucky, allowing ififerior courts to amend the record, and certify the papers which were used in the case. The deed is to be regarded as a deed on the record.
As to the answer of Newland and wife, which is referred to in order to diminish the effect of this deed, it can have no influenee against the regularly executed instrument. It is executed according to the Kentucky statutes. The deed proves that one of-the heirs of Hoy had passed the land to Green Clay, and he passed it to Chiles. -Clay had no notice of the claims of the complainants, and he was'an innocent bona fide purchaser without notice. There is no objection to the deed, founded on the fact that the parties were out of possession. No statute of Kentucky then existed making it void. This deed fully entitles Chiles to the part of the land which Mrs..Newland had, as one of the children of Hoy.
Mr. Hardin, for the tenants, contended that the whole quantity of land the appellants could claim, was seven hundred acres. One thousand acres df the two thousand surveyed under Searcy's rights belonged to Martin; and the bond, under which Boone claimed, was for seven hundred acres. Under any circumstanees, no right could be asserted with success to a greater quantity. The deed, by a fair and equitable construction of the bond, was to be given when the patent issued, which was in 1805; and a transfer of the plat and certificate was a compliance with it.

SUPREME- COURT.
[Boone v. Chiks.]
Hoy had assigned the bond to George Boone before he obtain-
ed the title, and there is no evidence that bond was ever delivered to Thomas Boone. The assignment was not under seal, and i.t was, consequently, affected by the law on the subject of such instruments; and five years are by the laws of Kentucky, a positive bar to claims under such instruments. A bar at law, is also a bar"in equity. Sugden on Vendors, 272.
The power of attorney fiom Thomas Boone to George Boone, .gave him autho'ity to do all that he did do. Under that power George Boone gave up the original bond to the executor of Hoy, as he found the land was covered with adverse claims; and he took another bond to make a title to other land. This was a full compliance with the obligation, and after this the tenants purchased from South, who had the. bond in his possession. The'y paid him, and they were. in possession for upwards of thirty years before Thomas Boone commenced this suit. If George'Boone exceeded his authority, who is to suffer? Certainly Thomas Boone. He remained silent for thirty years, and made no manifestations of a disavowal of the acts of his'attorney, Will not the court presume every thing in favor of a possession, held under such circumstances. Will they not presume a conveyance from Thomas Boone,'.or some ratification of the acts of his attorney, to those who thus held the land. Cited Blight's heirs v. McElroy, Wheat. I Phil. ed. 124 ; 10 John. 337.
Twenty years' possession of land in Kentucky bars an action of ejeetment ; and if A has been for that time in possession, claiming under B, a conveyance is presumed. Thirty years is a bar to a writ of right, and a patent is presumed after that time. As to presumption in favor of possession, cited Cowp. 215.
This is a stale claim, which, having slept for nearly half a century, is ndw to be sustained by a court of equity, after the limitation of an ejectment, and even of a writ of right. It will receive no favor. It is also contended that the agreement, between Thomas Boone and Boone Inglis, makes this a case of champerty. Cited I Hawk. Pleas of the Crown, 471, ch. 27; Statute of lien. 8, against purchasing pretence titles ; Dig. Law Kentucky of 1798; Littel's Dig. 215.
The heirs of Hoy are necessary parties, and they should have

JANUARY TERM 1836,
[Boone Y;Chiles.]
been brought in and have answered, before the suit could properly proceed.. One of the heirs is an idiot; and she could not defend by an ordinary guardiati, but a guardian should have been appointed by the court. George Boone, or his heirs, and Reuben Searcy, or his heirs, were also' necessary parties.. Cited 3 Bibb, 11.
Mr. Crittenden, for the appellants, argued that this case is no more than the common claim of the holders of an equitable title to obtain the legal title ; to which they have full right in equity. Tile evidence in the record fully establishes the' right of the complainants, under Searcy ; and that right they have never parted with. Neither the frauds of George Boone, or that of Chiles, can avail to defeat their rights : and last of all, w ill this court be disposed to protect Chiles, who, with a full knowledge of the rights of the complainants, has sought to defeat them, while pretending to establish them.
An objection has been raised on the, ground that the bond does not sufficiently describe the land, so as to enable the court to carry the contract into execution ; but this is not well founded. The tract of land is named, and the contract is for one-half. The decisions of the courts of Kentucky sustain a claim of this kind: and it is the delight of a court of equity to carry contracts into execution, if it can, possibly, be done. The construction of the powers of chancery claimed by the defendants, would defeat its legitimate and most necessary and most salutary functions. If any-difficulty does exist, the court will have the portion allotted by a reference to a commissioner; a practice. which exists in England, as well as in this country. As to the excess of land, it is inconsiderable ; certainly not sufficient to require that the contract shall be reformed.
It lhas been contended, that the transfer of the plat and certificates, by Searcy to Hoy, was a performance of the bond. This was not so. Performance to Hoy, was not performance to Boone. But if Searcy did comply with his bond, still the complainants have their righits against Hoy, to the same extent as against Searcy. The assignment is special, and is equivalent to a bond from Hoy to convey, and the bill is against his heirs.

SUPREME COURT.
[Boone v. Chiles.I
While it is said Searcy has complied with his contract, it is yet said he or his heirs shouldbe made parties.! The only important questions in this case are, whether Thomas Boone has parted with his rights ; and whether these rights are lost by lapse of time.
The power of attorney to George Boone, gave no right to sell the land, oir to impair the title to it. It authorized his completing the title, and no more. Those who claim to derive a benefit from the acts of an attorney, must look to his powers. The:assignment made by George Boone to South, purports to be under the power of attorney and yet no such authority was given by it.
Nor can tle allegation be supported, that Thomas Boone .parted with his right to Hezekiah Boone. It was a conditional contract, and the condition was not performed. It was abandoned by Hezekiah Boone, and he paid no part (f the consideration mentioned in the agreement. Chiles sought out Hezekiah
Boone, and availed himself of the agreement; using the name of Thomas Boone to obtain in the Bourbon county court a title in him : thus availing himself of Thomas Boone's equity, procured a deed to be made to him. This was in 1817, and the present suit was commenced in 1822.
The lapse of time is no bar in favor of the tenants. While the general rnles in favor of presumption are not denied, it is not admitted that they apply to the claims set up by them. Mere possession is nothing; and the right growing out of it depends on the character of that possession. Possession is merely adverse, when held subordinate to the party from whose title it is derived. Under such circumstances, it enures to the benefit of him who has tle right ; and this was the case of the tenants : not having entered under an. adversary title, they cannot claim adversely. But whatever might have been the position of the tenants, under a long possession, had they rested on their possession, and resisted the claims of all who desired to interfere With them upon it ; they surrendered all such protection when they purchased from South, who claimed no title but under the bond of Boone. In 1792 and 1794, they-took that title derived from Hoy ; and they remained under it until 1817. The evidence :fully establishes that they never set up any other title ;they alleged no

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
conveyance, but asserted to derive all they had under South, .who asserted that he had Thomas Boone's title, derived from the bond. Thus they always recognised the rights of the complainants.
The decree of the circuit court gives to the complainants four parts, or one-half; but if the title remained in Hoy's heirs, they show a title to six-eighths, or two-thirds ; and they have also' the right of Mrs. South. The only remaining right is that of Newland and wife.
They conveyed to Green Clay, who conveyed to William Chiles, and the question is whether Clay was a bona fide purchaser. This is denied, lie did not stand in a situation to have any protection as such. In his answer he denies notice, geuerally, but he does not deny all the allegations in the bill. To entitle himself to protection, he must show payment of the consideration before notice. Ile must allege that the persons under whom he claimed were seized, or pretended to be seized : and the evidence shows that Newland and wife were not in possession ; but that the land was in the actual possession of others, claiming title. This was enough to put a party on inquiry.
Chiles asserted in his bill in the Bourbon court, that Clay had notice ; and the deed from Newland and wife is a mere quit-claim deed. It is denied that the holder of a mere quit-claim deed can-be a bona fide purchaser. Chiles cannot avail himself of Green Clay's title, even if it were valid.
The statutes of Kentucky make a deed, executed under a decree, vest the legal title ; and Chiles, under the decree of the Bourbon court, had a legal title to the land. The reversal of the decree did not divest the title. But if it did revoke the deed, it was like a purchase pendente lite ; and this court is not bound to notice it.
As to the allegation that the case is affected by champerty, it will be found on a reference to the Kentucky statutes, that no law of champerty existed at the time of the contract between Thomas Boone and Boone Engles. Subsequent to that time, the law was revived ; but it had been repealed.
Mr. Justice BALDWIN deliveied the opinion ul tie Court

SUPREME .COURT.
[Boone v.C.hilcs.]
Reuben Searcy was entitled, in virtue of the law of Virginia of May 1779, as an actual*settler, to four hundred acres of land in right of settlement, and a pre-emption of one thousand acres adjoining; one-half whereof he gave to John Martin for location and patenting; and by'bond, dated 24th September, 1781, bound himself to convcy seven hundr-1 acres thereof to William Hoy, c as soon as deeds are made to l~nds in this country in general." Hoy was to have the first choice of the lands-he bought Martin's sha'e. On the 1th December, 1781, loy, by an endorsement on the bond, assigned it to George Boone, his heirs and assigns; obliging himself.' as surety to the within bond, and if the within lands cannot be obtained, by reason of a prior claim, then, and in that case, seven hundred acres, equal in quality and convenience, shall discharge the within bond." On the 30th April, 1783, George Boone, by another assignment on the bond, assigned his right to Thomas Boone, his heirs or assigns, without recourse, if Iloy or his heirs are sufficient to make good the bond ; if not, George Boone bound himself and heirs to make it good to Thomas Boone, his heirs and assigns.
William Hoy obtained a patent in his own name, in 1785, for the whole tract; containing, by actual survey, about two thousand acres. Thomas Boone was in Kentucky in 1802, 1810, and 1819, in the neighborhood of the land, but nevg4 took possession of any part, or instituted any suit to recover them ; he resided and died in Pennsylvania.. In 1823 he filed a bill in tile circuit court of Kentucky, against William Chiles, Hezekiah Boone; George Bootie, Nicholas Smith,jr., Nicholas Smith, sen., Jacob Smeltzer, George H. Baylor, Joseph Smith, John Evalt, and Joseph Cummins, praying for a conveyance of the legal title, and account of rents and profits; and such other and further relief as his case may require. After his death, in December 1817, the bill was duly revived by his heirs. By an amended bill the 'heirs of John South were made defendants, in 1824. By another amended. bill, the heirs of William Hoy were likewise made defendants, in 1827. In 1832 the plaintiffs, by an amendment to their bill, averred that Reuben Searcy was dead, intestate, and without heirs in Kentucky ; and made the heirs of George Boone parties.
The several answers of the defendants present distinct cases

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
for our consideration · each depending on its own circumstances, requires a separaip view and examination : that of William Chiles will be first considered. The general ground of relief set forth by the plaintiffs, against all the defendants, is founded on the assignments of Searcy's bond to. Thomas Boone, as conveying the equitable title to the seven lundred acres, of which Hoy held the. legal title; on this the general equity of the bill depended, which the plaintiffs made out. In the original bill, it was charged against William Chiles, that ThomasBoone, by the bond and assignlnents' had a clear equity to the one-half of the land patented to Hoy, (but was content to hold the parcels decreed to Chiles, as afterwards explained,).of which plaintiff had never been divested. That in 1802 he had made an assurance, that he would convey to Hezekiah Boone, provided he would pay him ih four years, seven hundred pounds; but the purchase was declined; no money paid, and the arrangement given up/ That in 1818, Chiles and the other defenda'nts, in their own and complainant's name, filed a bill in the Bourbon circuit court of Kentucky, against the heirs of Hoy ; charging that plaintiff sold the land to Hezekiah Boone, and he to Chiles,'and that all the plaintiffs in that suit desired the heirs of Hoy to convey the legal title which was prayed for by the bill ; that Chiles obtained a decree for a conveyance, and a deed-from a commissioner appointed by the court, to himself, of the interest of Hoy's heirs; Chiles having full notice of Thomas Boone's title, and that the contract with Hezekiah Boone had not been complied with. The bill also charges, that the Bourbon suit was fraudulently instituted, and.prosecuted without the knowledge of Thomas Boone; that he never consented that the deed should be made to Chiles, who had no just claim to the land, but had engaged to maintain Smeltzer, Smiths, Evalt, Cummins, and Baylor in the possession of it. Chiles, in his answer, admits the bond and assignment to Thomas Boone; he then sets up a sale by Thomas to Hezekiah Boone; and that on the 30th October, 1817, he, Chiles, purchased from the latter, by a written contract referred to. He admits the suit in Bourbon county was brought by himself, Thomas Boone the now complainant, George and Hezekiah Boone; on which there was a decree and conveyance made to him as charged, and refers to
VOL. x.-2 A

,202

SUPRENIE COURT.

(Boone v. Chiles.]
the proceedings in that suit ; relying on it as a bar to-all claim by Thomas Boone for the purchase money. He admits full knowledge of plaintiffs' interest, coupled with the knowledge that he had parted with it ; that the sale was ratified by his agent, by power of attorney, and the agent's signature To the contract of purchase ; both of which are made part of his answer. He insists on thisale to Hezekiah ; denies fraud in instituting the Bourbon suit; and answers its being done without plaintiffs' knowledge, by averring it was under the power of attorney, and contract with Hezekiah Boone ; and pleads the record as an estoppel in bar of plaintiffs' assertions ;Which he denies.
He also further states, that he has purchased out and holds the interest of Hoy's heirs, as he can show by title and contracts regularly made but ; and sets pp the lapse of time and total dereliction of his claim, as A bar to plaintiffs' right to any land. The answer concludes by averring payment by Hezekiah to Thomas Boone, of the money due on the contract of 1802 ; if any balance is due, offers to pay it ; but insists that plaintiff has no right to the land to which Chiles hold the legl title, and has a right to hold it ; on doing equity to plaintiff, if not already done.
In the amended bill against Hoy's heirs, the plaintiffs charg.ed Chiles with having fraudulently, and with knowledge of Thomas Boone's equitable interest, obtained a conveyance of the title 6f three of the children of William Hoy, one'of whom was Celia Newland and her husband.
In answer to this bill, Chiles admits the purchase from two of these children directly to himself, and that Newland and wife sold to Green Clay, who conveyed to him: he then alleges Clay to have been an innocent purchaser for a valuable con-Sideration, without notice, till his purchase was complete, and prays pro. tection as to this part of the land.
Thispresents the contest between the plaintiffs and Chiles in a double aspect: first, as to his claim generally ; and next,'as to his claim under Green Clay, as to the share of Mrs. Newland, which will be distinctly considered. The power of attorney from Thomas to George Boone, dated 1st October, 1787, authorized him to demand and receive a deed from William Hoy, for the seven

JANUARY TERM 1636.
[Booule v. Chiles.]
hundred acres, to act fully for- liim in the premises, to appoint attorneys under him ; and on receiving a title and conveyance in the name-of Thomas Boone, to give a discharge of the bond and Hoy's engagement. The agreement between Thomas and Hezekiah Boone, dated 30th November, 1802, was for the conveyance of this land, for seven hundred pounds, to be paid in four years ; with an opfion to Ilezekiah, within that time, to take the land or not.
The agreement under which Chiles claims to have purchased is in the following words:
"Articles of agreement made and entered into the 30th day of October, 1817, between Hezekiah Boone, of the county of Woodford, and George Boone, of the county of the county of Shelby, of the one part, and William Chiles, of the county of Montgomery, of the other part, and all-of the state of Kentucky, witnesseth, that the said Hezekiah and George has this day delivered up to the said Chiles all the papers they hold relative to the tract of land containing 700 acres, it being a part of a settlement and preemption granted by the commissioners to Reuben Searcy ; and the said Hezekiah ahd George Boone further agrees that tie said Chiles shall have the free use of all the said papers, for the purpose of eoercing the title to said land, if any is to be had, if not to get the amount in cash;.and the said Chiles, on his part, is to use diligence in getting the title or the cash for said 700 acres of land, and is hereby authorized to effect the above purposes, either by -uit or by compromise, provided the compromise is not for lesa than three thousand dollars, as he may think the most advantageous to the pArtics to this article ; and thp said Chiles further agrees, on his part, to defray all the expenses of the abovementioned in. vestigation ; and when the above business is finished, the said Chiles agrees, further, to pay over the one equal half of the pro. ceeds of the above business, if in cash or bonds, and if in land, the one equal half of what may be obtained, to the said Hezekiah Boone, and the other half the said Chiles keeps for himself; and the said George Boone declares himself satisfied with the above contract. For the true performance of the above, the said Chiles and ttezekiah Boone bind themselyes each to the other in the

204.

SUPREME COURT.

[Boone v. Chiles.]

penalty of ten thousand dollars. seals the date above written.

Given under our hands-and HEZEKIAU BOONE, [seal.]

GEORGE BOONE,

[seal.]

Attorney in fact for Thomas Boone.

"Teste, &c.

WILLIAM CHILES, [seal..]"

These are the papers referred to in Chiles's answer, on which he relies to make himself a purchaser of the equitable title of Thomas Boone; under which he obtained a decree of the Bourbon court, a deed from the commissioner of the whole legal title of Hoy's heirs, and a deed from two of them to himself.
From the evidence in the record, it appears very clearly, that Hezekiah Boone never complied with 'the agreement with Thomas Boone; paid no part of the purchap& money; andi abandoned the contract many years before the agreement with
Chiles, to whom the state of the contract was explained before his agreement with Hezekiah and George Boone. As a matter of law, it is equally clear, that the power of attorney to George Boone, gave him no authority to sell the land, or to take a conveyance from the heirs of Hoy, to any other person than Thomas Boone or his heirs. Chiles admits, that when the agreement was made between -him, Hezekiah and George Boone, he knew .of the titre of Thomas Boone ; that he instituted and conducted thq suit in the Bourbon court, under the 'power of attorney to George Boone, who sigued the agreem'nt of 1817, as the attorney in fact of Thomas, Chiles does not pretend to have ever
paid, or agreed to'pay any thing for the land : -on the contrary, the agreement shows he was to pay nothing from his own pocket, in any event, except the expenses to be incurred. Itdoes not even purport to be a.purchase, or contain one clause or word which can be construed as such. The papers are delivered up to him for the purpose of coercing the title, or getting the amount in cash ; one-half of which, in casb of success, he is to give to -Hezekiah Boone, and retain th other for his own use. Nothing is to go to Thomas. George Boone, his agent, consents to it; and Chiles procures the legal title to himself in virtue of these papers.

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
Such is the case between the.parties, as presented 1v ,'-
pleadings, exhibits, and evidence. A court of equity must be regardless of all its rules, before it can recognise Chiles as a purchaser, or as having any right whatever in the land : it must also forfeit its character, if it sanctions such a course of iniquitous fraud. We deem it wholly useless to contrast the relative equities of the. plaintiffs and Chiles, in order to affirm their right to a decree for the conveyance of the legal title, obtained in violation of every principle which governs courts of equity ; unless he has made out some objections to the relief prayed, on grounds unconnected with the justice of the case.
It is objected. that, inasmuch as the condition of-Searcy's bond to Hoy was satisfied on, the latter obtaining the patent, the plaintiffs can have no equity by its assignment. This would be a sufficient answer to a suit against Searcy ; but is none to a suit against Hoy's heirs, to enforce the performance of the terms of the assignment from Hoy to George Boone ; which wqre an agreement to transfer the seven hundred acres, or an equivalent in quantity and convenience. As between Hoy and Boone, and his assigns; this gave a right to call on Hoy for the legal title, which Chiles has taken to himself, when the equity was in the plaintiffs; whose equity depends, not on the bond of Searcy, butthe contract of Hoy, made by the assignment of his equitable interest in the land.
This view-of the' case, disposes of the objection that the heirs of Searcy are not parties : they had no interest in the land ; their father's bond was satisfied by the performance of the condition, when the patents were obtained by Hoy ; who, by purchase from Martin and Searcy, held the legal title to the whole fourteen hundred acres, subject to be divested only by the equity of Boone, derived by this agreement 'totransfer the one-half. No act, therefore, remained to be performed-by the heirs of Searcy ; the title of Boone becomes complete, by the union of his equitable, with Hoy's legal title, without any. interposition bf the heirs of -Searcy, who have no interest to defend or title to convey. The purchase from Martin removes another objection, arising from Hoy having the first choice of the land, and dying without having made it; whereby, as is alleged, the- subject-matter of the

SUPREME COURT.
[Boone v.Chiles.]
bill was too vague to authorize a decree in favor of the plaintiffs. As Hoy held the whole tract, there was no necessity for his making the selection, ifbeing immaterial to him which part he held under Martin or Searcy : his not making the election, and holding the whole in fraud of the rights of his assignee, could not prejudice him, to whom he had transferred as well the right of selection, as the land itself, in equity. Independently, however, of this consideration, we think that the identity of the land is ascertained by the terms of the bond and assignment, as well as the parties themselves; it was the one-half of the claim of Searcy, both by-pre-emption and settlement,to be chosen by Hoy; whose assignees had the same right to choose as had been in him. Chiles, under the pretence and claim of being Hoy's assignee, made the choice by selling to the Smiths and Srneltzer, the parts of the land on which they resided: and the plaintiffs, by their original bill, agree to take their share of the land, according to the decree of the Bourbon court, in that place. This selection is, therefore, binding on both partiesf; so that Chiles is. not at liberty to contest the location, made first by his own act in the sale to the occupants, confirmed by a decree obtained at his own suit, and agreed to by the plaintiffs, as to the part to be
conveyed.
It is further objected, that there is a surplus in the survey to which the heirs of Boone are not entitled ; if this objection could be sustained by any of the parties to this suit, it could be onlyby those whose rights by purchase or possession would be disturbed, 'by decreeing to the plaintiffs more than the seven hundred acres, As Chiles has neither-any right by purchase, or any equity by long possession or improvemeiits; but claims only by the fraudulent assumption of the plaintiffs' equitable title; the land exclusively claimed by him, would be the first to be appropriated tothem ; and any surplus would be reserved for the benefit of those who had some pretensions to an equitable interest in it.
The lapse of time and the staleness of the plaintiffs' equity, is also set up as a bar to a decre in their favor; but whatever effect time may have in -equity in favor of a possession long and peace'ably held, it can have.none in favor of Chiles, whose only claim is under the equity of Thomas, Boone, and against wvlhom the pre.

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
sent suit was brought in six years after he first interfered with it. It cannot be permitted to him to acquire the legal title of Hoy, in virtue of Boone's equity, and to hold it to his own use ; on the ground that Boone's right had become extinct by the lapse of time, before he acquired it. The means by which the legal title has been conveyed to Chiles, have affected his conscience too deeply with fraud, for a court of equity to suffer him to enjoy its fruits. As to him, the plaintiffs have established a right to a decree for the conveyance of whatever title he may have derived by any conveyance to himself directly, of the legal right of Hoy's heirs.
The next aspect of the case between the plaintiffs and Chiles, is presented by the interposition of Green Clay, as an innocent purchaser from Newland and wife, for a valuable consideration, without notice ; under whom he claims protection.
In the amended bill, the plaintiffs charge the purchase from Newland and wife to have been made fraudulently, and with notice of their title ; in answer to which Chiles states that Green Clay bought and received the title from John Newland and wife, knowing which, he made him a defendant in the Bourbon suit, charging him to be a guilty purchaser, with notice of the equity arising from the bond of Hoy ; but, Clay denying notice, and not being able to prove it, Chiles bought his share, paid for it, and obtained a conveyance. He, then refers to Clay's answer in the Bourbon court; and insists that Clay was an innocent purclhaser for a valuable consideration, without notice till his purchase was complete.
In that suit Chiles had charged Clay not only with notice, but that-he purchased from Newland and wife, binding himself to make. good" all the con-tracts of William Hoy. In his answer, Clay states, that the cpntract he made with Newland and wift was bona fide, in good faith, for a valuable consideration paid them without notice, or knowledge of any claim by Chiles; which he believes is founded in fraud and imposition ; " as to the contract between this respondent and Newland and wife, it is committed to record, and will speak for itself; and this respondent believes the complainant Chiles has misrepresented the true meaning thereof;" but does not deny the averment that he was

SUPREME COURT.
[Booite v. Chiles.]
bound to perform Hoy's contracts. The answer of Newland and wife to this part of the amended bill, states that, if they ever had any interest in the land, they have transferred their interest by a writing, amounting to a quit claim, to Green Clay, but they never conveyed their title by deed to him or any one else. This is the substance of all the pleadings on this part of the case. In 1821, the Bourbon county court made a final decree in favor of Chiles; as well against the heirs of Hoy, as Green Clay; which was reversed by the court of appeals in 1827, for the want of proper parties, without any examination of the merits.
In March, 1825, Green Clay, by his indenture, granted to Chiles all the right, title, and interest which he holds by a deed from Newland and wife, dated 23d of May, 1814, to the tract of Searcy; and a pre-emption and settlement right of one Townsend, .in consideration of two hundred and sixteen dollars, with warianty against himself and heirs, but against no other person.
The deed from Newland and wife to Green Clay was not referred to in the pleadings, made an exhibit in the cause, or so far as appears, used in the circuit court; it was no part of the record before us at the argument of this cause at the last term, and no suggestion of diminution was then made. At the May sessions of the circuit court, on a suggestion of the defendant, that tihis 'deed was on file, and had been used at the hearing, the court ordered it to be certified to this court; and the counsel for plaintiffs having agreed to consider it as returned on a certiorari : it has been read, and we have taken it into our consideration as an exhibit in the cause. In doing this, however, 'we must be distinctly understood, as clearly of opinion, that it is not admissible by the rules of appellate courts; who can act on no evidence which was not before the court below, or receive any paper that was not used at the hearing. 9 Pet. .731. Nor would it have been a proper subject for that court to have considered, had it been offered to make out the case of the defendant; the deed was not set up or relied on in the answer of Chiles or of Clay, which was referred to and made a part of it ;' the existence of such a deed was no part of their allegations. Clay asserted merely a contract; Chiles alleged only that Clay bought and received the title of Newland and wife, without stating what the

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
title was, or how purchased; whether by deed or otherwise. There Was, therefore, no allegation in the answer of either, which referred to the deed ; it was not made a part of their case, which was put on a contract of purchase, and not a deed consummating it by a conveyance. A party is not allowed to state one case in .a bill or answer, and make out a different onec by proof: the allegata and probata must agree ; the latter must support the trmer, 4 Mad. R. 21, 9; 3 Wh. 527; 6 Wh. 468; 2 Wh. 380; '2 Pet. 612 ; 11 Wh.103; 6 J. R. 559,63 ; 7 Pet.;274 : and there is no one subject of equity cognizance, on which there is a wider difference between a deed and a contract of purchase, than in the
vne now under consideration. A purchaser 'with notice may protect himself under a purchaser by deed without notice ; but cannot do it by purchase from one who holds or claims by contract only... The cases are wholly distinct, In the former, the purchaser with notice is protected ; hi the latter, he has no standing in equity, for an obvious reason :-that the plaintiffs' elder equity shall prevail, unless the defendant cah shelter hinhself under the legal title acquired by one whose conscience was not affected with fraud or notice, and who can impart his immunity to a guilty purchaser, as the representative of his legal rights fairly acquired by deed, in such a manner as exemptsihim from the jurisdiction of ,a court of equity. Such a purchase affixes no stain-on the con-science, and equity cannot disturb the legal title. But as it does %ot pass by a contract of purchase witholut deed, the.defendant can aquire only an equity, the transfer of which does not absolve him from the consequences of his first fraudulent purchase. His second purchase of an equity will not avail him -more than the first; for the original notice of the plaintiff's equity taints-his conscience, so as to imake himn a mere trustee, if he holdsthe legal title from one.who is not an~innocent, bona fide, purchaser. It,then, Green Clay purchased oaiy by contract fron Newland and wife, they held the legal title ; such was the case presented by the answer on which Chiles must stand at the hearing.: but if permitted to rely on a deed ; the court would render a decree on a -case not before them, or one which .the plaintiff would be prepared to meet. 6 J. C. 349. For these reasons we should have omitted any notice of this deed. but as it has been commented
VOL. x-2 H

SUPREME COURT.
[Boone v. Chilrs.j
on in the argument, and it is for the iiiterest of all parties that the merits of-the case be finally adjudicated ; we have, for this purpose, considered it as evidence in the cause. It is an indenture for the consideration of one hundred dollars, granting to Green Clay, his heirs and assigns, all the right, title, claim, and interest of Newland nd wife in the real and personal estate of William Hoy; all debts, dues, demands, rents, and profits, in law or equity, to which she was entitled as one of his heirs and legatees; with warranty against themselves and all claiming under them ; but against no other person whatever; and with also an! agreement for further assurance, but in such a way as not to make themselves liable further than to convey such title as descended to them from William Hoy.
This is the case set up in the answer, and made out by the proofs in the cause, to make out Green Clay to be such a purehaser, that his deed to Chiles will absolve the latter from the consequences of his fraudulent purchase, with full notice of the plaintiffs' equity ; whether this is such a sase as will give to Chiles the protection he claims, depends on the rules which courts of equity have adopted as to bona fide purchasers, for a valuable epnsideration, without notice.
It is a general principle in courts of equity, that, where both parties claim by an equitable title, the one who is prior in time is deemed the better in right. 7 Cr. 18; 1S J. R. 532; 7 Wh. 46 : and that where the equities are equal in point of merit, the law prevails.
This Icads to the reason for protecting an innocent purchaser, holding the legM title, against one who has the prior equity : a court of equity can act only on the conscience of a party; if he has done nothing that taints it, no demand can attach upon it, so as to give any jurisdiction. Sugden on Vend. 722. Strong as a plaintiff's equity may be, it can in nio case be stronger than that of a purchaser, who has put himself in peril by purchasing a title, and paying a valuable consideration, without notice of any defect in 'it, or adverse claim to it: and when, in addition, he shows a legal title from one seised and possessed of the property purchased, he has a right to demand protection and relief, 9. Ves. 30-4, which a court of equity imparts liberally. Such suitors

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Boone ",.Chiles.]
-are its most especial favorites. It will not inquire how he may have obtained a statute, mortgage, incumbrance, or even a satisfied legal term, by which he can defend himself at law, if outstanding; equity will not aid his adversary in taking from him the tabula in naufragio, if acquired before a decree. Shower, P. C. 69; 4 B. P. C. 328; 1 D. & E. 767; P. C. 65; 7 V. 576; 10 V. 268, 70; 11 V. 619: 2 Ch. Cas. 135, 6; 2 Vin. 161; 1 Vent. 198. Relief will not be granted against him in favor of the widow or orphan. P. C. 249; 2 V. jr. 457,8; 5 B. P. C. 292; nor shall the heir see the title-papers. 18 Vin. 115; 1 Ch. Cas. 34, 69; 2 Freem. 24, :13, 175; it is a bar to a bill to perpetuate testimony, or for discovery. 1 Harrison's Ch. 261,3 ; Sugden 723, 4, 1 Virnon, 354, and goes to the jurisdiction of the court over him ; his conscience being cleat, any adversary must be left to his remedy at law, 2 V. jr. 457, 3 V. jr. 170, 183, 9 V. 30, and 18 J. R. 532, 7 Cr. 18.
But this will not be done on mere averment, or alegation ; the protection of such bona fide purchase, is necessary ohly when the plaintiff has a prior equity ; which can be barred or avoided only by the union of the legal title with an equity, arising from the payment&of the money, and reeeiving the conveyance without notce-, and a clear conscience. It is setting up matter not in the bill a new ease is presented, not responsive to the bill ; but one founded on a right and title operating, if made out, to bar and avoid the plaintiffs equity, which must otherwise prevail, 9, V. 33, 34. The answer setting it up is no evidence against the plaintiff, who is not bound to contradict or rebut it, 14, J. R. 63, 74. 1 Murf. 396, 7. 109 J. R. 544, 8. 2 Wh. 383. 3 Wh. 5297. 6 Wh. 48. 1 J. C. 461. It must be established affirmatively by the defendant independently of his oath, 6 J. R. 559. 1 J. R. 590. 17 J. R. 367. 18 J. R. 532,. 2 J. C. 87, 90. 4 B. C. 75. Amb. 589. 4 Y. 404, 587. 3 J. C. 583. In setting it up by plea or answer, it must state the deed of purchase, the date, parties, and contents briefly; that the vendor was seized in fee, and in possession ; the consideration must be stated, with a distinct averment that it was bona fide and truly paid, independently of the recital in the deed. Notice must be denied previous to, and down to the time of paying the money, and the delivery of the deed ; and if notice is

SUPREME COURT.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
specially charged, the denial must be of all circumstances referred to, from which notice can be inferred ; and 'the answer or
plea show how the grantor acquired title, Sugden 766, 70. 1 Ath.o 384.3 P. IV. 2801 ,243, 307. Arab. 421.2 Atk. 230.8-Wh. 449, 12 Wh. 52. 5 Pet. 718. 7 J. C. 67. 'The title purchased must be apparently perfect, good at law, a vested estate in fee simple7 1 Cr. 100. 3 Cr. 133, 5. 1 Wash C. C. 75, It must be by a regular conveyance ; for the purchaser of an equitable title holds it subject to the equities upon it in the hands of the vendor, and has. no better standing. in a court of equity, 7 Cr. 48.7 Pet. 271. Sugden 722. Such is the case which must be stated to give a defendant the benefit of an answer or plea of an innocent purchase without notice; the case stated must be made-out, evidence will not be permitted to be given of any other matter not set out,
7 Pet. 271. Such are the privileges of innocent purchasers, and such the
guards against those who may assume their character in courts of equity ; we have only to apply their law to the answers of Chiles and Clay, together With the exhibits and proofs in the case, to ascertain whether Clay filled that character when he conveyed to Chiles, or at any other time. The answers are .as barren, of the averments necessary to make a case of such a purchase as would be pro.tected against the prior equity of the plaintiffs ; as, the record is of the proof of any fact to support it. Nor does the conside ration of the deed -from Newland and wife to Clay, bring the case any nearer (o the estab.lished rules and principles of
equity. Though, in form, a grant by indenture, it is in effect a mere re-
lease and quit-claim, as stated by Newland and wife in their an-, swer; it does not purport or. profess to convey the land incontroversy ; nor does it assert any title to, or seisin of it; the.consi'deration expressed does not apply to this land, moie than tti a legacy or personal property. The grant is definite only in one, respecti that it is of whatever descended to the grantors friom'William Hoy, but does not specify what it was; and the wbrds of the grant are fully satisfied, if any thing*so descended; whether realty or personalty. As to this land, tiny was a trustee by his own contract; nothing did or could descend to his heirs, but the dry, barren-

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Boone v. Chilcs.]
legal title, without a shadow of beneficial interest'; which was all that Newland and wife intended to convey, or Clay to receive by the deed. The covenants of warranty, and for further 'assurance, are expressly limited to their right, such as it was, and to their own acts only : they gave no covenant against the acts of Hoy: and by conveying only such interest as'they held by descent, it passed to Clay with the same encumbrances of Boone's equity, as if it had remained in Newland and wife; who, neither in their a'nswer orby their deed, pretend to any title or right. These circ'uinstances make the deed suspicious on its face ; and in theabsence of affirmative proof to support the recital of the pa,'inent of the consideration, of any evidence of seisin, or even a cla:m of title by the grantors, rather weakens than sustain the answer. When we find the distinct admission and, full proof of the prior equity of the plaintiffs, with full notice to Chiles, who claimed, not as a purchaser but by a special contract with Hezekiah Boone, for the division between themselves, of whatever, either of land or money, they could recover in right of Thomasj3oone's known equity, and with the plain intent to defraud him ; the purchase from Clay, and the setting him up as innocent purchaser for a valuable consideration without notice, under all the circumstances of this case ; so far from.purging the conscieiice of Chiles of its original taint, or imparting to him any protection as the representative of Green Clay, stamps the conduct of both with bad faith. Chiles appears on this record, a mere pretender to a purchase ; by his agrceuient with Ilezekiah Boone and George Boone, as the attorney in fact of Thomas Boone, he purcl.ased the title of neither; his only claim under it was to the one-half of whatever lie could acquire. He did not, therefore, even fill the character of a purchaser with notice, who by the rules -of equity may purge his guilty conscence by purchasing from one whose clear conscience and legal title place him beyond the jurisdiction of equity ; the immunity of an inanocent purchaser cannot be imparted. to the. fraudulent usurper of another's rights without purchase.
But there is one circumstance, which gaves us the necessity of cohsidering the defects in the averments of the answers or proofs of the deed from Newland and wife to Clay, or from him to Chiles.

214

SUPREME COURT.

[Boone v. Chiles.]
Chiles states, in his answer, that being unable to prove notice to Green Clay before his purchase from.Newland and wife, he purchased from Clay; yet he did so establish the fact of Clay's -guilty purchase; that he obtained a decree against him in the Bourbon court. He purchased from Clay, while that decree was in full force ; and now appears on the record, claiming to be protected under this purchase by the -equity of Clay, as an,innocent purchaser; when Clay, after being an adjudged inala fide purchaser, by the final decree of a court of competent jurisdiction, clothed Chiles with his own character by his deed in 1825. It would present the administration of equity jurisprudence in different courts on very different principles, if Clay, who could not protect himself in a state court at the suit of Chilcs, could protect Chiles here, at the suit of Boone ; or that Chiles, after procuring the decree against Clay, in a suit to which he made Thomas Boone a p'Laintiff, on the ground that he purchased with notice ; should now obtain a decree against Boone, on the ground that Clay was an.innocent purchaser, for a valuable consideration fully paid, without notice of any defect in his title, till it was complete at law by a conveyance in fee, and in equity by the actual payment of the money. Neither the pleadings, the exhibits, or the evidence on this record, afford us any warrant for such a proceeding: on the contrary, they make it our duty to decree a conveyance from Chiles to the plaintiffs, of whatever righ~t or title he may have acquired by the deed fron Green Clay.
We are next to consider the case of the plaintiffs, as to the other defendants.- The heirs of South,by their answer, disclaim any interest in the land ; nor does it appear that the heirs of Hezekiah or. George Boone have any interest in the land or at any time have-been in possession, or held any title under Hoy's patent. As to these defendants, therefore, there is no subject-matter for any decree, except for the dismission of the bill.
As to the heirs-of Hoy, the plaintiffs have made out an undoubted right to a conveyance of the legal title. Those who have answered, set;i.op no title or claim to the lan'd ; and *they must execute -the trust whieh has descended to them, by conveying their legal title to plaintiffs.

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Boone v. Chile,.]
John Evalt is admitted to have been in possession for more than twenty years, under an adverse title by patent to Flournoy. The plaintiffs have, therefore, no right to.the land thus held.
Nichola Smith states, in his answer, that he holds fifty acres of the land claimed by the plaintiffs, by purchase from John Jones, by-deed, which he makes'an exhibit in the cause;' that this fifty acres is a part of Flournoy's patent, which he holds adversely to the claim of.Searcy. The deed is dated'in December, 1797, conveying, in consideration of one hundred and twenty-five pounds, fifty acres of land, with general warranty. Independently of the deed from Jones, it is clearly proved by several wi nesses, that Smith made the purchase from him ; settled on the land in 1798, where he lived till his death; and that there was a continued possession and residence on the land by him, and those claiming under him, to the present time, and valuable improvemients made. The plaintiffs do not controvert this purchase or residence ; they do not Charge Smith with any act affecting his conscience, or show that he evei purchased, or made claim under them, or any person asserting an) "ght under their title. The title of Flouinoy appears to be by an equity older than Searcy's ; though his patent is later than Hoy's. We can perceive no ground of equity, to entitle the plaintiffs to a conveyance of the titl e thus acquired by Smith. He and those under him, have had an adverse possession of twenty-five years, before the bringing of this *suit; and his possession of the fifty acres cannot be disturbed, either at law or in equity.
The only charge in the bill against the remaining defendants, is their combining to institute the suit in the Bourbon court, of which there is not only no proof, but the contrary appears by the record of that suit; they were not parties, and took no part in the prosecution of it. The bill, however, alledges that Chiles "had made oine engagement to maintain Smeltzer, Smiths, 'Cummins, and Baylor, in detaining possession', and enjoying the prolits for a long time past, still refusing to surrender." The prayer against them was "to compel the defendant, Chiles, or such of the defendants as nowvh old the title, to convey the tract described by the deed under the decree to Chiles,. to account for rents and profits, and such other and further relief as hiscase may require."

SUPREME COURT.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
'rile answer of Nicholas Smith, jr., Nicholas Smith, sr., Jacob
Smith, and George H. Baylor, was joint and several; jointly they denied being parties to the Bourbon suit, or being bound by the decree. They admit that Searcy claimed the land ; that it was located by Martin, and patented to -ly; allege a surplus of five or six hundred acres in the survey; and that plaintiff could be satisfied without disturbing them; plead the lapse of time, and staleniess of the demand as a.bar ; and deny the right of the plaiptiffs to.recover. They state that they have been informed, that loy assigned Searcy's bond to George Boone ; call for proof of the assignment to Thomas Boone ; charge that if the bond was assigned to him, it has long since been cancelled between Thomas .andGeorge Boone; that George Boone assigned. the land to John South, investing him with all the title to the land, which George Boone derived from Wilii;.mu Hoy, by the agency, consent, anL authority of Thomas B o~ne, if the bond was ever assigned to him. They also charge, that South, by virtue of such assignment, held the bond till his de th, and that his executor held it, till Chiles obtained it by friaud ;and that they are entitled to certain parcel[s bf land, by purchase for a valuable conideration, from John South, They then aver, that Peter Snieltzer purchased four hundred acres, and took South's bond, with, surety, for the title ; took possession of the same in 1791, settled upon,.improved, and resided on it till his d,-ath. That' George H. Baylor claims undey Smeltzer by purchase from his heirs, fcr a valuable consideration ; now resides upon it; and that a c ntinued residence has been kept upon the land, on which theie, are large and valuable improvements. That Nicholas Slnith holds two hund-med acres, by purchase from Jacob Swope, in1797,-who purchased from George Pope, in 1795, who.purcha'sed 'from Soutli, in 1794. That Smith resided on this land from '1798, and made valuable. imnprovenients thercon ; which .residence has been continued by him, and those under him, to the pre..nt time. These defendants, then charge, that Thomas Boone was in Kentucky in 1802, 1810, and 1819; knew of the sales.by South of the land. they occupied, btt gave them no notice of his title ; and, on the contrary, disclaimed it, in conversation, and then proceed to gi-ve. an account of heir connexion

JANUARY TERM 18'O
[Boone y.Chiles.]
with Chiles, in substance as follows. He' came to the Smiths and Smeltzer, stating that he held Hoy's legal title to the land; that South's bonds were worth nothing, and they would lo.e the land and improvements : whereupon they, ignorant of their rights, and the title to the land, compromised with Chiles, agreed to give him up South's bonds; and to pay him ten dollars an acre, in three annual instalments, for six hundred acres, each to pay for his own share. Chiles was to make them Hoy's title, but having received South's bonds, he obtained 'from his executor the bond of Searcy ; struck out the assignment to South ; gave up his bonds to his executor; shortly after which, he commenced the suit in the Bourbon court, and obtained the decree referred to in the bill. They charge Chiles with fraud in the whole transaction ; pray that their answer may be taken as a cross bill against Chiles; that he be compelled to restore the bonds of South ; or that they may have such decree against him as their case may require,. and their contract with him cancelled. They deny the plaintiffs' rights to'rents and profits in case of recovery : but if they lose the land, pray a just compensation for their lasting and valuable improvements; and then set up a contract between Thomas Boone and a certain.Boone Engles, in 1822, in pursuance of which, the present suit was brought by him in their names; which they allege to be within the statutes of champerty and maintenance, on 'which they rely, as well as on the common law, the rules and principles of eqtiity, and the statute of limitation. Cummins claimed by purchase from Smeltzer, which his heirs, in their answer, aver to be fraudulent; but if it is. valid, they set up thirty years' possession of part of the land before suit brought,. as a'bar. Nicholas Smith, by an amended answer, refers to a copy of Searcy's bond, With all the assignments thereon, previous to the erasure of the assignment by George Boone to South; "under whom all the tenants in possession, including this defendant, claim their several portions of said seve'hundred acres of land; which assignment bears date August 6, 1792. "And if said South, as executor of William Hoy,'had ever sold any portion of said.one thousand four hundred acres, or the moiety seven hundred acres claimed by conplainants herein, (for this seven
VOL.. x.!-2 c

SUPREME COURT.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
hundred acres was never defined to any of the original put' chasers previous to said assignment, which is not admitted,) this defendant relies confidently that said assignment last mentioned of said bond to him, said South, would enure in equity to confirm their claim; nor could its subsequent cancellation, or the surrender of said bond, with the consent of the executor or administrator of South, affect or impair their claims. He re-exhibits the copy of said bond, with the several assignments thereon, and relies on time and circumstances, to show that the one from George Boone to South was done by proper authority from Thomas Boone."
The cause was at issue on the general replication. At the hearing, all the material facts alleged by the defendants in relation to their purchase from and under South, their agreement with' Chiles, the surrender of South's bonds to his executor, ind the delivery by him to Chiles of Searcy's bond, with the assignments thereon, were fully established by the exhibits and proofs in the cause ; as, also, their possession, residence, and improvehments on the land as stated in their answer. But they wholly failed in proving that the assignment of Searcy's bond by' George Boone to -John South, was made with the knowledge, corisent, or authority of Thomas Boone.
South married a daughter of William Hoy, to whom he was executor ; the agreement between Chiles, the Smiths, and Smeltzer, was made in 1817 South's bonds were given up in the winter of 1817,-'18, when Childs received the bond of Searcy; the suit in the Bourbon court was commenced in January, 1818, and is yet pending.
This suit was commenced in 1823, while the dect'ee of the Bourbon court was iii force, 'nd before any appeal to the court of appeals of Kentucky.: 'it was before this court in 1834., on a certificate of division -from-the circuit court of Kentucky, on ,the question whether they had'jurisdiction of the cause. It was then decided that-it had-jurisdiction ; that the heirs of Hoy 'vere not necessary parties, except for the purpose of obtaining the legal title if it remainbd ir thmn ; that a decree might be made without them, as .t parties pr6perly before, the court; that the heirs of

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Boone v. Chiles.] George Boone were not neeessarily defendants, and no proof need be made respecting them. 8. Pet. 535, 7. All questions of jurisdiction of parties are therefore closed.
The objectionis to the plaintiffs' recovery on the ground of the contract between Thomas Boone andBoon Engles being within the statutes of champerty and maintenance,. cannot be sustained for two reasons :
1. The English statutes on this subject, which were adopted, in Kentucky, punished the offence and declared the contract for maintenance void between the parties, but did not direct or authorize the dismission of the suit instituted between other parties in furtherance of such contract. Boon Engles is no party to this suit ; and it does not concern the defendants whether it was commenced and is conducted by his agency, or by the plaintiffs themselves: the right of plaintiffs is not forfeited by such an agreement, and it may be asserted against the defenldants whether the contract with Boon Engles is valid or void. S. P. Litt. Seled Cas. 522.
2. By the act of 1798, which was in force when this contract was made and suit brought, no person could be prevented from prosecuting or defending any claim to land held under the land laws of Virginia; nor shall any suit brought to make good such claim be considered as coming within the provisions of the common law or any statute against champerty or maintenance. 1 Maor. and Brown, Kent Stat. 282, 5. These statutes were riot revived' till .1824.
The first question of fact which arises, is in what right the Smiths and Smeltzer first entered upon the lard purchased from South. The amended answer of Nicholas Smith, junior, is explicit on this point ; stating that all the tenants in possession, ineluding himself, claim under South, by the assignment of George Boone to him. Though this answer is not evidence against the other defendants, yet, as they do not deny notice of the assignment to Thomas Boone,-before their purchase, and in their answer pray for a restitution of South's bonds, there is good reason to believe the statements of Smith, especially in connexion' with the proofs in the cause.

SUPREME COURT.
[Boone v. Chiles.)
Barbara Smeltzer, thl widow of Peter, testifies that he settled on the land in 1791 ; South camie down and marked out the four hundred acres; that it was held under South, who claimed under the boaid from Searcy, assigned by Hoy to George Boone. That at the time they first settled, South represented to Smeltzer that he had traded for that bond, they were soon after informed that he had not got the bond, but soon after obtained it from George Boone; that Smeltzer soon afterwards informed George Boone of what had been done, who appeared well pIased,
William Johnson testifies that Smeltzer purchased from South, and began to improve in 1786. L. Eastin states that he took possession' in 1789.. It is also testified by William Boone, that South had sold before he got.the bond from George Boone'; and the evidence of Mrs. Smeltzer is strongly corroborated by Benjamin Mills, esquire, to whom some of the Smiths and Smeltzers made a professional application relative to the chain of title between South and Hoy. He found no authority to George Boone to assign the bond to South, which was the only claim, or color of claim, he had to the land; hence and from his knowledge of South's character, he concluded he had sold without claim, and brought no suit for them. Joseph Steele testifies to the declaration of George Boone, that South was in treaty with him for the bond, for some time before the assignment was made; and that Smeltzer -was informed previous to his purchase, that the land belonged to Thomas Boone. No objection having been made on the hearingto the deposition of Steele in relation to the declarations of Boone, they are competent evidence ; and in connexion with that of the other witnesses, fully support the testimony of Mrs. Smeltzer, and the amended answer of Smith. We must, therefore, consider Smeltzer as .having purchased from South, his right under the-bond of Searcyr, and the several assignments down to South, with notice thereof. Smith's amended answer is conclusive, that he so purchased the two hundred acres in 1797, by the assignment of South's bond. In his deposition he also states, that he 'soon afterwards purchased from, South -sixty or seventy acres, in addition, of which he took possession, and

J.ANUARY TERM 1836.

221-

[Boone v. Chiles.]
has ever since held, under the same claim ; that he lent South three hundred dollars, which was to go in part payment of the land, but finding South had no title, he recovered it back by suit.
In 1817 the parties stood thus : 'Smeltzer had been in possession, under a claim of title by Searcy's bond and assignments for twenty-six years, of four hundred acres. Smith had held z0ssession of the two hundred acres nineteen years, which, added to the possession of Pope and Swope from 1794, made twentythree, and of the sixty or seventy acres for about eighteen years, wfien they gave up South's bonds, and agreed to purchase from Chiles, who claimed the legal title of Hoy. During this time, Thomas Boone had neither affirmed or disaffirmed the 'sale by South, made no entry on, the land, gave any notice to Smith or Smeltzer, instituted no suit, or made any effort to obtain the legal title from Hoy's heirs ; though his right was then the same as now made out, and had been vested in him for thirty-six years. He made George Boone his agent in 1787; yet, for thirty year' he appears to have been wholly inactive, in asserting or endeavoring to complete the title. The agreement with Ilezekiah Boone in 1802, seems to have been the on!y positive assertion of,a right in the land made by Thomas Boone. When the present suit was commenced, Smeltzer, and those under him; had' . been in possession thirty-two years; Smith twenty-five'years of the two hundred acres, and twenty-one of the sixty or seventy acres ; and the equity of Boone arose forty-two years before.
From this state of facts, it is perfectly clear, that,if Smiths and Smeltzer can be considered as claimants in their own right, adverse to the title of Thnmas Boone, the lapse of time alone is a complete bar to-.any equitable relief: the rules of equity as'to the effect of time in favor of possession, are t68 well settled to be stated'or doubted'. 2 Jac. and Walker 138, &c., 9 Wh. 497. 10 Wh. 168. 3 Pet. 52. 6 Pet. 66. 5 Pet 491. 7 J. t. 122. 10 WVh. 150 74. 9 Pet.-416.
Thomas Boone's only standing in a court of equity, is by consideriig these defendants'as hiA trustees, by their purchase under South or Chiles,,or both. As neither of -them sold .by any lawful authority from him, he is not bound by, and may repu-

-SUPREME COURT.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
diate thei' acts; the consequence of which, would be a bar of his claim or, these defendants holding adversely. But as South assumed the right to sell the interest of Thomas Boote, in virtue of the assignment fiom George Boone, as his attorney in fact, and Chiles acted'throughout all his proceedings, under the agreement signed by George Boone in the same capacity, which was an express recognition of the original right of Thomas Boone ; he may waive the defect in the power of attorney, ratify the acts of his agent, and elect to consider the purchasers from South and Chiles as holding through and under him. When the purchasers from them discovered that neither South or Chiles had any right in the land, they too had a right of election to hold under the title which they intended to purchase ; under which they had taken possession of the land, and held it till the discovery of the fraud : or to disclaim the purchase, renounce all rights consequent upon it, and remain in possession as claimants adverse to the title under which they entered.
It is unnecessary to decide on the effect of such disclaimer, had it been made before the purchase from Chiles, or the filing the bill. We cannot find in the evidence or pleadings, that Thomas Boone ever made any election, as to considering these defendants holding under or adverse to him : but it is very clear that they originally purchased, entered, and held under his title; and it'does not appear that they ever assumed an attitude of direct hostility to it. We have come to the conclusion, that we must now consider themi as holding by their original claim, so far as to authorize the plaintiffs to make them their trustees, in virtue of their purchase ffrin South, and ratify the agreement of Chiles. There is no other way in which the plaintiff can esoape from the consequences of the staleness of his equity, coupled.with the long possession of the defendants, than by considering them as friendly purchasers and possessors under them. The plaintiffs put themselves out of-ceurt, by setting up the purchase and possession of defendants as ad.verse.to their equity :. for they then would have no protection against the lapse of time, which they have neither explained or accounted for; 17 V. 88, 9, 96. 1 J. and W. 62, 3, and note. I J. C. 47, 8. 3 J.C. 586. 1 J.C.

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
854. 5 J. C. 187, 8. 3 J. C. 218, and all bills in equity which seek to disturb long possessions, deserve the utmost discourageinent; 1 Atk. 467, 1 J. and W. 62.
The plaintiffs must, therefore, make their claim on the defendants, as their trustees, by direct contract, or by implication from the purchase under their title ; in either case, the lapse of time effects them. They cannot enforce the execution of an express voluntary trust, after its known'disavowal for such time, and under such circumstances as would make an adverse posses-. sion a bar; 3 Pet. 52. 7 J. C. 122. 2 Seh. and Lef. 607, 36, 8. If a purchaser is made by implication an involuntary trustee for the vendor, so as to be affected by his equity, it must be pursued in-a reasonable time; 4 J. C. 316. 3 J. C. 216. 17. 4 B. C. 136, 8. 1 Cox 28, 17. V.. 96, 160.
Though time does not bar a direct trust as between trustee and and cestui que trust, till it is disavowed.; yet, where a constructive trust is made out in equity, time protects the trustee, though his conduct was originally fraudulent, and his purchase would have been repudiated for fraud. 4 B. C. 136. 17 V. 97. 1 B. C. 554. So where a party takes possession in his own right, and was prima facie the owner, and is turned into a trustee by matter of evidence merely, 3 J. C. 216. And where one intending to pur.chase the entire interest in the land, took a conveyance without words of limitation to his. heirs, passing only an estate for life, the lapse of fourteen years, after the expiration of the life estate, was a protection to the heirs of the p.urchaser; 5 J. C. 185, 6.
What that reasonable time is, within which a constructive trust can- be enforced, depends on the circumstances of the case ; but there can be few cases where it can be done, after. twenty years' peaceable possession, by the person who claims in his own right, but whose acts have made him a trustee by implication. His possession entitles him to at least the same protection as that *of a direct trustee, who, to the plaintiffs' knowledge, disavows the trust, and holds adversely ; as to whom the time runs from the disavowal, 3 Pet. 52, because his possession is thenceforth adverse. The possession of land is rotice of a claim to it by the possessor, Sugden Vend. 753, 4 ; if not taken and held by con-

SUPREME COURT.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
tract or purchase, it is from its 'inception, adverse to all the world, and in twenty years, bars the owner in law and equity;
8 Cr. 250. 4 Wh. 221. 5 Pet. 354. A purchaser in possession by a contract to sell, is in law a trespasser; but in equity he is the owner of the estate, having taken possession under the contract, and the vendor is in the situation of an equitable mortgagor, 15 V. 138. If the entry was by purchase, and the purchaser claims the land in fee, he is not a trustee ; his title, though derivative from, and consistent with the original title of the plaintiffs, is a present claim in exclusion of, and adverse to it. A vendee in fee, derives his title from the vendor.; but his title, though derivative, is adverse to that of the vendor : he enters and holds for himself. Such was the doctrine of this court in Blight's lessee v. Rochester, 4 Pet. 506, 7. In that case the court said, "The vendee acquires the property for himself, and his faith is not pledged to maintain the title of the vendor."
"The only controversy which ought to arise, respects the payment of the purchase money, how far the vendee is bound to this, by law, or by the obligations of good faith; is a question depending on all the circumstances of the case.
"If'the vendor has actually made a conveyance, his title is extinguished in law as well as equity; if he has sold, but has not conveyed, his contract, of sale binds him to convey, unless it be conditional.; if, after such a contract, he brings an ejeetment; he violates his own contract, unless the condition be broken by the vendee, and if it be, the vendor ought to show it." " If defendant claims under a sale from plaintiff, and plaintiff himself is compelled to assert that he does; then the plaintiffs themselves assert a title against.this contract -Unless they show that it was conditional, and that the condition is broken, they cannot, in the very act of disregarding it themselves, insist that it binds the defendant. in good faith, to adknowledge a title which had no real existence. Upon reason, then, we should think, that thedefendant in this case, under all the circumstances, is at liberty to controvert the title of the plaintiff." 7 Wh. 548, 50.
In .applying these principles to the case before us, it is very clear that neither the purchase from-South or Chiles, is aiby

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
equitable estoppelto the defendant's.. controverting the title of Boone; when he disaffirms and violates the contract of purchase, by seeking to-turn them out of possession. He cannot make them constructive trustees by their purchase, and then be permitted to disavow the purchase; without subjecting himself to the consequences of delaying the prosecution of'his right. As trustees by implication, in equity, they may claim the benefit of the lapse of time ; if he considers them as purchasers from him, or by'a title derived from him, he can have no hold upon their conscience, to surrender him the possession, if they are willing to pay the purchase money. Whether they purchased from him, or from another, who assumed to sell by his authority and in his right, matters not; if they claim by his title, and thus become his trustees by his affirmance of the sale, the law of equity compels him to assert his rights in a reasonable time. When he does so, the execution of the trust will be enforced ; but it will be enforced on both parties according to the terms of the purchase,and the trust which equity raises on it by implication. Equity makes the vendor without deed, a trustee to the vendee, for the conveyance of the title ; the vendee is a trustee for the paymint of the purchase money, and the performance of the terms of the purchase. But a vendee is. in no sense the trustee of the vendor, as to the possession of the property sold ; the vendee claims *and holds it in his own right, for his own benefit, subject to no right of the vendor, save 'the terms which the contract imposes; his possession is, therefore, adverse as to the property, but friendly as to the performance of the conditions of purchase.
In virtue of his legal title, the vendor has a legal right of possession, but equity will not permit him to assert it, unless the vendee has violated the contract : he will be enjoined if the vendee performs it. It is very certain, that a sale of the legal title by deed, creates no legal estoppel, by which a pu chaser is prevented from contesting the title of the vendor, or the title of any person from whom the vendor derived title, 7 Wh. 547, &c. It is equally certain-that the sale of anequitable title by bond,
or other contract, cannot have a contrary effect in equity; which VOL. x.-2 D

SUPREME COURT.
[Boone v Chiles.]
decides according to the equum el bonum of each case. In thiv. case, Boone. comes into court to obtain possession -under an equitable title only; he is barred by time, unless he can make the efendants his trustees at the institution of the suit; he charges them with no fraud, and nothing is averred or proved
/ against them to so affect their consciende, as to give a court of equit .:urisdiction. He is thus compelled to rest on their purchase of his title from South and Chiles, making them constrctive trustees; which, on the pleadings and evidence, we are of opinion he may do. There is, then, a trust between them, but it is that trust which, in equity, results from the contract of purchase. Boone is a trustee for.such title as the defendants purchased, and were entitled to receive; they are trustees for the purchase money they agreed to pay for it. Boone avers they bought his title, which, we think, is made -out. He, then, is the cestui que trust as to the money, and they for his title. To divest'this trust of all mutuality, would be subversive of every rule of equity ; it will never award a surrender of the posse -ion oit land by a purchaser of an equitable title, but on a "ctlheearplaviinotliaftfi.on of the condition of purchase, clearly proved by He is without remedy at law in this case; com-
pelled to come into equity, he must do it; he sets up a trust in the defendants for his use : all he can ask is its execution by payment of the purchase money : if he has a decree for that, justice is done to him; and nothing can be more just than to decree that he shall perform the act in consideration of which he obtains relief. If he comes into court to turn them out, on the ground that defendants have purchased a title which must be traced up to him, in virtue of the contract of purchase ; he asserts a title against this contract when he denies- them the benefit of the purchase: and in the language of this'court in Blight v. Rochester, the plaintiffs cannot, in the very act of disregarding it themselves, insist that it binds the defendants, in good faith, to acknowledge the title. The defendants may contest it, when set up to defeat the purchase in this case in equity, as it was done in
that at law. This court did not then think their decision to be

JANUARY TERM 1836.
LBoone v. Chiles.].
at variance with the decisions of the courts of Kentucky ; nor do we think that we now, inany way, interfere with them.
They have held that the possession of the purchaser from the plaintiff without deed, is friendly to the plaintiff; and stops the running of the statute of limitations, 2 Bibb 506. But that a vendee by deed, may, at law, contest the title of the person under whom he bought; though a vendee by executory contract cannot, if'he is in possession under, and looks to the vendor for the completion of his title : in the first case he holds adversely, itn the second not. 3 Littell 135, 6. So, if he purchases from thepatentee, and holds his bond for the title, 5 Litt. 318, a defendant caannot, in ejectment, set up an outstanding title in a third person, if he purchased from.plaintiff without deed., 6 Litt. .444.: nor can a tenant or one who purchases from him, contest the title of the landlord. 4 Bibb 33 ; 2 Marshall 243.
These decisions are, unquestionably, correct ; but the principle on which they are founded, is very difterent from that which the plaintiffs' counsel deduce from them : they admit that possession, under a deed conveying a legal title, is adverse, and that a defendant so holding may deny the "title of his vendor in a suit .at law. The contract of purchase, then, is no estoppel, though by the most solemn instrument known to the law. The same principle seems "closely applicable, by analogy, to a suit in equity, in which the plaintiff rests on an equitable title only, which has been sold to the defendant, as the foundation of a decree awarding possession of the land purchased; the proceeding is analogous to an ejectment; the process of executing such a decree is the same in Kentucky, by an habere facias. It is difficult to perceive any sound reason why the same analogy should not be observed in the proceedings previous to the decree: if the defendant, a vendee of the legal title by deed, can, at law, contest the title of his vendor. who is plaintiff; why may not the vendee of an equitable title, by bond or other executory contract, enjoy the same right in a court of equity ? We are clearly of opinion that the defendants in this case had such right, and that there is nothing in the evidence before us which could have deprived them of it, had theyrested their case upon their adverse possession alone : but

SUPREME COURT.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
the admissions of Smith in his amendec answer, the proofs of the cause as to Smeltzer, together with the joint answer of themselves and Baylor, place them in a different position.
As to them, we are perfectly satisfied that their possession was a perfect protection against the equity of Thomas Boone, when this suit was instituted ; but we think that his equitable right to the purchase money agreed to be paid to Chiles, has been saved by their answer and the evidence in the case; our only difficulty has been, whether we can, on the pleadings, make such a decree as, in our opinion, comports with the justice and equity of the case.' The specific prayers of the bill are, that such of the defendants as hold the title, convey to the plaintiff the tract described by the deed under the decree to Chiles; neither Smiths, Smeltzer, or Baylor hold this title, or claim under the decree or deed from the commissioner to Chiles; this part of the prayer cannot, therefore, be granted. The next is an account for rents and profits ; this can be done as to Chiles, :but cannot as to the others, on our views of the case. The general prayeris, such other and further relief as the plaintiffs' case may require. This is a broad prayer, on which such.relief may be granted as is not inconsistent with the bill or the specific prayers. 8 Pet. 586. This case is one of an undoubted equitable title to the 700 acres of land, hhd it been pursued in time ; but under the circumstances of the case it is narrowed dowvn to a claim for the purchase money of the land, held by the defendants under. the purchases from So!,th -and Chiles, at the price stipulated in their agreement with the latter. This we think is required by the case of the plaintiffs, as it appears on the whole record, without placing the defendants in any position more injurious to themselves than their answer would authorize. They pray for a restoration of' South's bonds, and the rescision of the contract made with Chiles, as the means of enabling them to obtain a decree in their favor. " But should, under all the circumstances of the case, it be their
misfortune to lose the land, they claim a just compensation for their lasting and valuable improvements; under such rules and regulations, according to law and equity, as their case may require and justice demand." To restore South's bonds and annul the

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
contract with Chiles, would not release them from their trust to Boone for the purchase money agreed to be paid to South. The, record does not inform us what was the price at which South sold the 600 acres; but if sold at the rate at which Smith bought the 60 or 70 acres, it -would, with the interest, exceed the price agreed to be paid to Chiles. Besides, the restoration of South's bond at the time of their answer, and by a decree of the circuit court, would have bound them to pay the purchase money with interest. In such case the lapse of time would be no bar. If, by our decree, these defendants hold the lands on the terms stipulated with Chiles, they have the same benefit of their contract with him, as if it had been consummated by a conveyance of the legal title of Hoy, and the equitable title of Thomas Boone ; a position much more favorable to them, than they would be placed in by their prayer for the restoration of South's bonds, or for mere compention for improvements. It is not to be doubted, that they would have been content with the quieting of their possession on paying for the land, on the terms agreed on with Chiles in 1817, on which they can now hold them, consistently with the law of the case.
Though neither of the parties have prayed for the specific relief which we think they are entitled to; we are of opinion that all have, in substance, submitted their case to our consideration, according to the rules and principles of equity : willing to abide such decree .as we shallthink will do justice between them. This, in our opinion, will be done by giving to both the benefits of the contract with Chiles, which, under all the circumstances of the case, created by construction and implication in equity, a mutual trust; which is executed by one party conveying his title, and the other by paying the purchase money.
It remains only to consider the case of Cummins, who purchased from Smeltzer, part of the 400 acres purchased by him from South. We can perceive no equitable ground of discrimination between tJiis and the other tenants ; the answer of the heir of Cummins adniits the purchase from Smeltzer, but makes the same allegation of fraud against him as he did against Chiles. Yet, like the others, Cummins continued to hold, and his heir still hqlds the land so. purchased,'without, as appears by the re-

SUPREME COURT
[Boone v. Chiles.]
cord, having paid any thing for it: like them, too, the heir prays for a dismission of the bill, but in these words: "And hence to be dismissed with her costs, &c., and such other orders as the court shall deem necessary to the equity of her case." This could not have been intended, nor can it be considered as a peremptory prayer for dismission, as she would, in such case, hold the land without paying for it ; there would be no remaining equity in her case, on which the court could make an order : it must, ther-efore, he considered as a submission to such decree as the court should deem conformable to the equity of the case. This, in our opinion, requires that this defendant should be placed in the same situation as the other defendants, who claim under or by the purchase from South ; they all purchased only an equitable title, and must stand in ihe place of those from whom they purchased ; each is a trustee by implication, affected by the same mutual trust in equity.
Having thus disposed of all the contending claims between the plaintiffs and the defendants, in this very complicated case, acpording to their respective equities between them as contending parties ; we aie to consider of the decree to be made between the defendants. It is within the undoubted powers of a court of *equity to decree between co-defendants on evidence between plaintiffs and defendants, 2 Selb. I Lef. 712. Its exercise is also within .the general prayer of the defendants in:their respective answers; and is called for by every consideration, that reqdires some termination to long', inveterate, and entangled litigation. With the whole case before us, and on the fullest investigation of thp rights of all the parties, we do order, adjudge, and decree the'rein as follows:
That so much of the decree of the circuit court as directs the defendant Chiles to convey to the complainants, all his right, title, and interest to and in the premises named in the bill, and to deliver up to the clerk of-said court, to be cancelled, the con, tract between said Chiles, Hezekiah and George Boone, therein referred to ; also, so much thereof as orders Jones and Fanny Hoy to convey all their interest in the premises, derived from William Hoy ; and so much of said decree as directs, that if the con-

JANUARY TERM 1836.

231

[Boone v. Chiles.)
veyances so directed shall not be made as ordered, the clerk of said circuit court shall convey to the complainants the interest of the said parties, as by said court decreed ; and so much of said decree as orders the defendant Chiles to pay the costs of the suit, with the exception there stated ; also, so much of said decree as declares that the claim of the complainants is not to be prejudiced by the decree aforesaid, as against any of the heirs of William Hoy, who are not parties to this suit ; and so much of said decree as directs the bill of complainants to be dismissed as to the land held by John Evalt within the bounds of Flournoy's patent ; be and the same is hereby affirmed in all things, excepting that part- of said decree which excepts from the deed to be executed by William Chiles, the interest which he holds under a deed from Green Clay, as to which the said decree is reversed and annulled.
And as to the rest and residue olf said decree of the circuit court, the same is hereby'reversed and annulled ; and this court, proceeding -o render such decree as the said circuit court ought to have rendered, dcoth further order, adjudge, and decree-
That the said William do, and shall, within six months from this time, convey to. the complainants (in the manner specified in said decree as to the land therein directed to be conveyed by him-) all his right, title, and interest, held or claimed under the deed or conveyance from Green Clay to said Chiles.
That the said Chiles do, and shall, within the same time, assign, transfer, and make over any. contract or agreement made between him and any other persons, in relation to the land in controversy in this suit, whereby any right accrued to, or was promised or agreed to be in him, to any part of said land, or any money arising or to arise from any sale or sales thereof; and in like manner to transfer, assign, and make over all such rights to said complainants.
That the said William Chiles do also account to and with the complainants, for any money he may at any time have received from any person or persons, on or by virtue of the sale of any part or parts thereol ; also that he account to and with the complainants for any rents or profits which he -may have enjoyed or

SUPREME COURT.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
received in or from said land embraced in the patent to Hoy, under the direction of said court.
That a surveyor, to be appointed by said court, do, under their directions, ascertain the quantity of land claimed by the several defendants in this suit, (except William Chiles,) on the western side of the survey in Searcy's right, designated on the plat of the surveyor, dated 2d October 1831, by the letters A, D, T, U, J, K, M, E, and A; excluding therefrom all the lands within the lines of Flournoy's patent, and return a plat. thereof to said court.
That the bill of the complainants be dismissed, as to all the land claimed by any defendant, east of, the lines 'on said plat, designated by letters E, M, K, J, U, T ; that their bill be dismissed, as to all the land purchased by Nicholas Smith from Jones, lying within the line of Flournoy's patent, marked on the surveyor's plat, in page 66 of the printed record, by the letters L, M, N, 0.
That possession be awarded to the complainants, by the several defendants, of the land claimed or held by them, respectively, within the lines first herein referred to, as marked in the plat, dated 2d October 1831, and without Flournoy's line, which has not been purchased from or held under South or Chiles, or by any person or persons claiming or hol ding under them, or either of them, in virtue of any contract or agreement with them or either, by or under whose right, claim, or possession any of said defendants claim or hold any part or parts of said land.
That the surveyor, so to be appointed, do and shall ascertain the quantity of land, now claimed or held by any of the defendants,, mediately or immediately, by, from, through, or under South or Chiles, or in virtue of- any right asserted or claimed by them, or either, as aforesaid ; designating especially the quantity claimed or held by each defendant, or each class of claimants, under any one person, accordingly as they may hold or claim in severalty, or in common between themselves; and return separate plats thereof to said circuit court. Whereupon, such of the complainants as are under no legal disability, shall, within such time as the said court shall direct, make, execute, and in dii

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
form of law acknowledge and deliver to the said defendants respectively, deeds of general warranty in fee, for the land described in such plats, on said defendants complying with this decree, as hereinafter mentioned : and that such of the complainants as may at such time be. under any legal disability to make such deeds, shall, within six months from the removal of such disability, make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver such deeds to the defendants, their heirs, and assigns; or that the said circuit- court; as so authorized by law, may order and direct that such deed or deeds shall be made by such commissioner, as they ·mayappoint to execute the same for and on behalf of the complainants last mentioned.
That the said defendants severally, or each class thereof as aforesaid for themselves jointly, as they may claim or hold, do pay to the complainants for the land conveyed by them, at the rate and on the terms stated in the joint answer of the defendants, to wit, ten dollars for each and every of the four hundred acres purchased by Peter Smeltzer, and-the two hundred acres purchased by Nicholas Smith from John South;. to be paid in three equal annual instalments, counting from the agreement with Chiles, assumed to be 1st December 1817.
That the heirs of Nicholas Smith, or the defendants who claim or'hold under him or his heirs, do pay to the complainants at the same rate, and on the same terms, for the sixty or seventy acresafterwards purchased by said Smith'from South ; which said complainants shall convey as aforesaid to the defendant or defendants in possession thereof under Nicholas Smith.
That the amount so to be paid by each defendant, or class of defendants, bear interest from the time the instalments were payable respectively, till the time directed by the circuit court, at which the complainants are to make the deeds as aforesaid; each defendant or class to be liable only for the sum due -by themselves, and not for any sum due by other defendants.
That, when the said deeds shall be executed and delivered, the sum due by each defendant or class, principal and interest, shall be paid as follows: one-third whereof to be paid in one year from the delivery of the deed, one-third in two years, and
vorL. x.-2 E

SUPREME COURT.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
one-third in three years, with interest from the time they are payable.
That the several sums so payable be paid into said court, or to such person or- persons as said court by their decree shall order and. direct; and on such terms and conditions as to them shall seem just and equitable.
That the defendants severally and respectively do; Under the direction of said court, account to and with each other for any moneys received by one fiom the other, or any person or persons under whom they claim or have claimed, for or on account of any purchase-money of any part or parts of the land, now or at any time held or claimed by them or any of them, under or in virtue of any purchase under the title of Searcy.
That such of the heirs of William Hoy as have answered'the bill of complainants, do convey to them, in the manner directed in the decree of the circuit court as to Jones and Fanny Hoy, all their right, title, and interest in the land contained within the line of the .plat tirst herein refel-red to, being the western part of the survey aforesaid, in right of Searcy. In default of making such conveyance, as is herein directed to be made, by any of the defendants in this case ; then this court doth further order and *direct, that a conveyance of the right and title, interest and claim, in and to the land in controversy, held or claimed by such defendants; be conveyed to- the complainants, by a commissioner,: to be by the said circuit court appointed to make such conveyance according to law.
That the bill of complainants be dismissed, a. to ihp heirs of George Boone, Hezekiah Boone, and the hei'rs of South, with costs.
_And it isfurther ordered,-adjudged, and decreed, that all'the equity of the complainants, as to any person or.persons not parties to this suit, or as to any matter or thing, not herein decreed on, shall be and is hereby reserved to the said complainants, any thing contained in this decree notwithstanding; and that this cause be remanded to the circuit court for the district of Ken. tucky, with instructions to proceed therein according to this de eree. and as to iustice and eouitv shall annertain

JANUARY TERM 1836.

235

[Boone'v. Chiles.J
Mr. Justice MCLEAN : Under the peculiar circumstances of this case,.1 am constrained to state, as succinctly as I can, the i'easons why I dissent from the opinion just delivered.
The facts out of which this controversy arose, are as follows: Reuben Searcy being,entitled to a-settlement and pre-emption of fourteen hundred acres of land, in the settlement of Kentucky, on the Waters of Licking, employed John Martin for one-half the land to perfect the title.. On the 24th September 1781, for a valuable consideration, Searcy sold seven hundred acres of this land to William Iloy ; executed his bond for a title; and,'at 'the same time, assigned to Hoy the plat and certificate of survey, which enabled him, in 1785, to obtain a patent for the whole tract in his own name. -
But before the emanation of the patent, in the month of Deceinber 1781, William Hoy assigned Searey's bond to George Boone, and bound himself, his heirs, &c.i as sureties, &c. And on the .30th April. 1783, George Boone assigned the bond to Thomas Boone, whose heirs prosecute this suit:
Thomas Boone, being a citizen of Pennsylvania, gave a power of attorney to George Boone, of Kentucky, dated 1st October 1787, which authorized him, in the name of Thomas Boone, and for his use, '"to ask, demand, sue fo, and recover of and from Major William Hoy, of Kentucky settlement, a deed or. other lawful conveyance valid in law, for seven hundred acres of land in or near the waters of Hinkson and Stoner, &c. ; and the attorney was authorized to appoint, &c., and to- do every thing necessary in the premises," &c.
On the 6th August 1792, George Boone, as the attorney in fact of Thomas Boone, assigned Searcy's bond to John Soutli,. the executor of William Hoy, who bound himself to cause Hoy's heirs to convey, so soon as they should become of age, the seven hundred acres to Boone, &c. But on the 23d December 1791, before this assignment, South sold four hundred acres of the land to Peter Smeltzer, . and bound himself with Walter Carr and John Glover, in the penalty of a thousand pounds, to make a deed fur the same, :so soon as the heirs-of William Hoy, who,. -was then deceased, should become of age. .And on the 26th

236,

SUPREME COURT.

[Boone v. Chilcs.]
August 1794, South sold two hundred acres of the same tract to Geotge Pope, and bound himself in the penalty of five hundredpounds, to make a deed when Hoy's heirs should all arrive at full age. This last-bond, in thi spring of 1708, was purchased by, and assigned to Nicholas Smith, who shortly afterwards purchased from South the residue of the tract, supposed to contain sixty or severity acres.
On the 30th NoVember 1800, Thomas Boone made an agree*ment with his uncle, Hezekiab Boone, of the state of Tennessee, to sell to him the whole of this tract of land, for seven hundred pounds., But Hezekiah Boone and his heirs bad the option of taking the land or not, within four years from the-time of the contract; and the contract wasto be binding if he should make known his determination to take the land and pay for it witbin the four years. But there is no evidence that He-zekiah Boone made known his determination, within the time limited, to take the land ;or that he has, at any time, paid the whole or any part of the consideration.
On the 30th October 1817, Hezekiah Boone, and George
Boone as attorney for Thomas, entered into an agreement with William Chiles, and delivered to him the papers 'they held respecting the above land ; and Chiles was to have the free use -of them, for the purpose of coercing the title to the land, if it could be recovered ; and if not, he was to obtain the value. And Chiles was to use diligence in recovering the money or obtaining the title ; and the proceeds of the suit, whether land or money, were to be divided between Chiles and Hezekiah Boone.
Shortly after this contract was entered into, Chiles, having obtained from George Boone the bond given him by South, which bound him to convey the land to Thomas Boone, so soon as Hoy's heirs could he compelled to make adeed ; called on Peter Smeltzer's heirs, who held the bond of South, Carr, and Glover, and representing to them that he was the rightful owier of the land, obtained the bond; and, also, he obtained the bond for the two hundred acres given by South to Pope, and by him' assigned to Smith; which bonds he delivered to Benjamin South., the executor of John South, who was deceased ; together

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
with the bond given to George Boone, by the deceased; and obtained from the executor, possession of Searry's bond and the assignments. The assignment of George Boone, as the attorney of Thomas, was then erased ; and the contract between South and the tenants was cancelled. And the purchasers under South, purchased the land from Chiles, and bound themselves to pay for it ten dollars per acre.
At the August term of the Bourbon circuit court, in the year eighteen hundred and eighteen, Chiles brought an action of ejectment, in the name of Hoy's heirs, to recover possession of the land. The tenants having been served with notice, appeared and defended the suit; but a verdict was found against them, and a judgment was entered on the verdict.
On the 26th January 1818, Chiles filed a bill in the Bourbon circuit court in the name of himself, Hezekiah Boone, George Boone, and Thomas Boone, )gainst the heirs of Hoy for a title. In this bill, Chiles stated that William Hoy and John Sappington, and Parihenia his wife, late Parthenia Hoy, had conveyed. their interest to him. And he sets up the contract with Hezekiah Boone, as the ground for a decree in his favor, under Searcy's bond, andt he assignments made thereon; The assignment by George Boone to South, is represented as inoperative and void , as George Boone had no power, as the attorney of Thomas Boone, to sell or transfer the title to the land. The heirs of Hoy and otherS, who were made defendants, answered the bill. And .afterwards, at August term 1821, the court de. creed that the complainant, William Chiles, was entitled to a specific execution of the contract fi om Hoy's heirs; and that, if the defendants did not execute a conveyance in pursuance of the decree, on or before a time specified, then, that Thomas P. Smith, as commissioner, under the statute of Kentucky, should execute it. And afterwards, on the 7th January 1822, the heirs of Hoy not having executed a conveyance for the land, in pursuance of the decree, the deed was executed in due form by the commissioner.
·In April 1827, this decree of the Bourbon circuit court, was brought before the court of appeals of Kentucky, and e;-rsed,

SUPREME COURT.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
for wait of" proper parties; and the cause was remanded to the circuit court for further proceedings.
The heirs of' Thomas Boone filed their bill in the circuit court of the United States on the 25th January 1823, at first against Chiles, tlezekiah Boone,-George 'Boone, and the tenants who occupied the land ; 'and represented that the bill filed by Chiles, in the name of Thomas Boone and others, against the heirs of Hoy, was a. fraudulent proceeding; and as Chiles, under the decree, was supposed to be invested with the legal title, a decree for the title was prayed against him. Aid after the reversal of the decree of Bourbon circuit court, such of the heirs of HIoy., as were found within the jurisdiction of the court, were made parties.
The -tenants answered and relied upon lapse of time, their purchase under South, and the fraud'of Chiles, in their defence. Chils 'also filed his answer, setting up his tile, and also Fanny Hoy, and Jones Hoy,,the only heirs of Hoy who were made parties to the bill, who admitted the right of the complainants. The material parts of the answers will be noticed, more particularly, under the appropriate points which arise for consideration.
There seems to be no question as to the genuineness of Searcy's bond, and the assignments made upon it ; but it is insisted that Searcy should have been made a party.
The bill asks no decree against Searcy. By the assignment of the plot and certificate, he enabled William Hoy to obtain the patent in his own name'; and this was equivalent to a convey.ance. of the land, in discharge of the bond. Hoy, therefore, could have no demand upon Searcy, and of course the assignee of Hoy-could have none against him. He was, therefore, not a necessary party. The complainants, under the assignment of Hoy, pray a divestiture, of the title from his heirs; and as between these parties, there can be no doubt of the equity of the complainants. Indeed, the heirs of Hoy do not controvert the right of the complainants.
In the argum edt, it was insisted, that the-seven hundred acres
claimed by the complainants, are not so specifically described in

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
the bil, as to enable thc court to decree, in pursuance of the prayer, a specific conveyance.
William Hoy obtained in his own niame a patent for the fourteen hundred acres;- and. it appears there is a surplus of iiore than five hundred acres. The bond of Searcy to Hoy was for seven hundred acres, and. Hoy was to take his first choice out of the whole tract; and it appears that there does not remain of the entire tract, undisposed of, or not covered by paramount claims, more than will satisfy the above bond. And in addition to this consideration, the heirs of Hoy may be safely decreed to convey an undivided interest in the land, to tlhe extent of the omplainants' rights : and, if necessary, the complainants, under such a decree, being. tenants in common with the heirs of Hoy, or those who hold an interest in the land, could have partition made. Thereis no want of certainty as to the identity of the entire tract.
As to the claim of Chiles, except under the deed of Newland and wife, I admit that it cannot be sustained. Hezekiah Boone, ,who sold to Chiles, had no interest to transfer. His contract with Thomas Boone was a conditional one, and the conditions were not performed. -No part of the consideration was ever paid, nor did Hezekiab Boone signify his determination to take the land within the four years limited ; and failing to do this, the contract upon its face was not to be binding.
The assent which George Boone, as attorney in fact for Thomas Boone, gave to the contract, made between Chiles and Hezekiah Boone, was an extraordinary procedure on his part. And it is sufficient to say,.that he had no power to sell the land, much less to consent that Chiles and Hezekiah Boone should divide between them the land or the money, whichever should be recovered. George Boone, as the attorney of Thomas, had power to authorize Chiles to act as attorney or agent in endeavoring to recover the land; but he had no power to dispose'of it in any manner.
As Chiles, by. virtue of his contract with Hezekiah Boone, obtained conveyances of the interest of William Hoy a.d Parthenia Sappington, wife of John Sappington, two of the heirs -or Hoy,

SUPREME COURT.
[Boone, v. Chiles.]
he must, under the circumstances, be considered s holding the land in trust for those who have the better equity. In no sense can Chiles be considered as a purchaser of this interest, without notice and for a valuable consideration. But the interest of Newland and wife, which was conveyed to him through Green Clay, rests upon different principles. In my opinion, Chiles must hold this interest as a purchaser from Clay, who was a purchaser from Newland and wife, without notice of the complainant's equity.
A majority of the judges reject the right asserted under this deed, because the allegation that Clay was a purchaser for a val.uable consideration and without notice, is not made with the re-4 quisite proceedings in the pleadings, to admit proof of the fact ; and, also, because the deed to Green Clay conveys to him no title.
And, first. as to the allegatiors contained in the pleadings. In his answer to the complainant's bill, Chiles states that, ' he admits a certain Green Clay bought and received the title of John Newland and wife ; and discovering this to be the fact, he caused the said Green Clay to be made a party to the bill in the Bourbon circuit court, charging him to be a guilty purchaser, know, ing of the equity arising from the bond of boy. But said Clay put in his answer denyfng notice ; and this defendant not knowing evidence to prove notice, bought of him his share and paid him therefor, and received his conveyance. This defendant refers to the answer of Clay in the Bourbon circuit court, as part of this aniswer ; and this defendant insists that Clay was an innocent purchaser for a valuable consideration, without notice, till his purchase was complete."
The answer of Clay in the Bourbon circuit court, and which is referred to by Chiles, and made a part of his answer, is as follows: " This respondent further saith, that it is not true, that to increase the difficulties of the complainant (Chiles,) as charged in said bill, John Newland and wife conveyed their interest. to the lands in controversy to this defendant, &c.; but, on the contrar), this respondent avers that the contract he made with John Newland and Celia his wife, was a bona fide contract, ii good faith, for a valuable consideration paid them, without notice,

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
or even a knowledge that the complainant, Chiles, had, or any of the other complainants, any claim on said land ; but, on the contrary, this defendant has been informed, and believes, verily, that the claim of the complainant Chiles, is founded in fraud and 'imposition," &c.; and " as to the contract between this respondent and John Newland and wife, it is committed to record and will speak for itself; and this respondent believes the compiainant Chiles has misrepresented the true,meaning thereof."
Although the averments in the bill, filed by Chiles on this point, in the Bourbon circuit court, and the answer of Newland and wife, in the present case, have no connexion with the answer of Chiles under consideration ; yet I will refei- to them, as they have been thought to have some influence in the case. In his original bill filed against Clay and others; in the Bourbon circuit court, Chiles alleges, that, " to increase the difficulty, the said John Newland and Celia his wife have conveyed their interest in said tract, with others, to a certain Green Clay, who your orators charge had full knowledge of your orators' claim ; and, as they are informed and 'believe, executed a contract with said Newland and wife when he received their conveyance, binding himself to make good all the contracts of their ancestor; but yet the said Green Clay refuses to convey to your orator, William Chiles."
And Newland and wife answer to the bill in the present case, "that Celia is a daughter of Hoy, and that if ever they had an interest in the land mentioned in the said bills, and now in contest herein, that they have long since transferred their interest therein by a writing amounting to a quit claim, to Green Clay ; but they never conveyed the title, by deed, to him or any one else."
The answer of Newland and wife cannot be read in evidence against Chiles, a co-defendant. If this answer, in every respect, were in accordance with the most technical forms, it could not aid a defective averment in the answer of Chiles ; nor can its defects, in any respect, have an unfavorable bearing on. that answer. It must rest upon its own language, equally unaffected
vo. x..-2 F

SUPREME COURT.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
by the answer of Newland and wife, and the original bill filed by Chiles in the Bourbon circuit court.
As it regards the sufficiency of the answer of Chiles to protect'himself under the title of Clayi who is alleged to be an innocent purchaser for a valuable consideration, and without notice ; it may be remarked, that no exceptions were taken to the answer; but a general replieiation was filed, or considered as filed.
In the case of Harris v. Ingleden, 3 Pier Williams 95, it is said that, "notice and fraud must also be denied generally, byway of averment in the plea, otherwise the fact of notice or of fraud will not be in issue. That, where a defendant, in his plea of a purchase for a valuable consideration, omits to deny notice, if the plaintiff replies to it, all the defendant has to do is to prove his purchase ; and it is not material if the plaintiff proves notice; for it was the plaintiff's own fault that he 'did not set down the plea to be argued, in which case it would have been overruled."
But, independent of this consideration, what will constitute a good plea, by Chiles, to protect this purchase under Clay ?
It must appear that the persons who made the conveyance to Green Clay, were seised of the land ; that they conveyed by deed to him, and for a valuable consideration, which was plid and the deed executed, befoie notice of the complainant's equity. Mit. Pleadings 275; Hinde 180; 3 P. Williams 281 ; 1 Vern. 179.
Are not these facts found substantially in the answer of Chiles? It sufficiently appears that Newland and wife Were seised; for they are stated to be the heirs of Hoy, in part, to whom the land descended, or was devised. And Chiles avers that " Clay was an innocent purchaser, for a valuable consideration, without notice, until his purchase was complete." His purchase could not be complete in the sense here expressed, until the consideration was paid, and the deed executed. If this be the clear meaning of the allegation, it must be held sufficient. But the averments in the answer of Green Clay, are made a part of the answer of Chiles.
It must be admitted that this answer of Clay is loosely drawn, and without much regard to the forms of pleading. But, although

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Boone v. Chites.]
Clay speaks of his contract with Newland and wife, it is clear that he refers to a deed of conveyance, as he states it has been recorded ; and, to use his language, it will speak for itself. And he avers that his purchase from Newland and wife was bona fide for a valuable consideration, and without notice.
Now when these allegations are incorporated with those contained in the answer of Chiles; and the fact, that there was no exception to the answer, are considered; I am inclined to think that the allegations should be considered sufficient to protect the title asserted. The amount of the consideration paid is not specifically stated, but the averment is general : that a valuable consideration was paid, and that before notice.
It must be admitted that the allegations in the answer of Chiles, in relation to this purchase, are not made with technical precision ; and if exceptions had been taken to this part of the answer, they might have been sustained. But the complainants having failed to except, ought not now to insist, and indeed cannot, on the same degree of strictness as to form, as if they had done so. If this were admitted, the defendant would be taken by surprise, and the ends of justice might be defeated. To guard against this, the forms of pleading require exceptions to be taken to matters set up in the defendant's answer in bar of the plaintiff's right. If exceptions be waived, and an issue taken on the answer, the complainants cannot object to the matter in bar, on the ground of the insufficiency of the plea or answer. If Clay was a purchaser without notice, Chiles may shelter himself under a deed from Clay. The estate having been innocently and fairly acquired, and for a valuable consideration, can be conveyed to a person with notice. I Atk. 571, 2 Atk. 139, 242; 2 Eq. Cas. 685, 13 Ves. 120, Pre. in Cha. 51. That a decree was loosely entered against Clay in the Bourbon court is of no importance. as that decree has been annulled. If the objection as to the sufficiency of the answer of Chiles, under the circumstances, cannot now be insisted on by the complainants ; it becomes important to examine the deed from Newland and wife to Green Clay, and to determine the effect of that conveyance.
I will transcribe the operative words of the deed. " This in-

SUPREME COURT.
[Boone v. Chiles.)
denture, made this 23d day. of May, in the year 1814, between John Newland and Celia his wife, of. the county of Madison, and state of Kentucky, of the one part; and Green Clay, of the same county and state af6resaid, of the other part, witnesseth : that the said John Newland and.Celia his wife, for and in consideration of the sum of one hundred dollars, to them in hand paid, the receipt whereof, &c.; have granted, bargained, and sold ; and do, by these presents, grant, bargain, sell, and convey to the said Green Clay, his heirs and assigns forever, all the right, title, claim, and interest which they, the said John Newland and Celia his wife have in and to the real and personal estate of William Hoy, deceased ; and all debts, dues, and demands, rents and profits, either in law or equity, to which they ate or shall be entitled, as one of the heirs and legatees of the said William Hoy, deceased; she, the said Celia Newland, wife of the said John Newland, late Celia Hoy, being one of the children and legatees of the said William Hoy, deceased." To this, covenants of special warranty are added, and also of further assurances, &c.
Can any doubt exist that this deed .conveys to Green Clay what it purported to convey to him, all the right and title, &c. of the grantors to the real estate of William Hoy, deceased. Celia Newland, under the will of her father, received a certain interest in her father's real estate, and this interest she conveyed by the above deed.
It is true that Newland and wife, under the will of William Hoy, could receive nothing more than the legal title, their ancestor having, in his life-time, sold and conveyed the equitable title. But, having the legal estate, does any one doubt that they could convey, and did convey to Green Clay, a clear title to the land, if he was a bona fide purchaser, without notice, and for a valuable consideration.
That Clay was a purchaser of this description is averred, and there are no facts in the case which disprove the averment; and, in all such cases, the proof of notice or fraud rests with him at whose instance the title is impeached.
The deed of Newland and wife describes with sufficient cer-
tainty the interest conveyed. It was the interest which Celia

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
Newland received under the will of her father. Thil conveyance, containing all the operative words necessary to c )nvey an estate in fee, and also describing with the requisite certainty the interest conveyed, must be considered as an operative and valid conveyance in the hands of Clay; who, as before stated, was a purchaser without notice, and for a valuable consideration. I think, therefore, that Chiles, without reference to his knowledge of the facts or his conduct, should be considered as holding this interest against the equity asserted by the complainants.
The counsel for the complainants insisted, that, under the decree of the Bourbon circuit court, Chiles was invested with the legal estate in the land; and that the legal title, undei" the deed of the commissioner, still remains in him, notwithstanding the reversal of the decree by the court of appeals.
The decree of reversal, by the court of appeals, does not require this deed to be cancelled; nor, in my opinion, was it necessary to annul it. The deed of the commissioner is inseparably connected with the decree ; indeed, it is a part of the decree ; and must have the same effect as if the statute of the state had provided that a decree should operate as a conveyance.
In this respect the deed is different from a deed executed by a sheriff on a sale on execution, or perhaps a sale under a decree in chancery. A reversal of the judgment does not invalidate the sheriff's deed ; but a reversal of the decree must destroy the effect of the commissioner's deed; as in no sense can he be considered as the agent of the party, but us an officer of the court, and as acting strictly under its authority. He does not, as a purchaser under an execution, pay money on the faith of the sale. The title passes by this deed : but if the decree, which is the authority of the commissioner, be reversed, the deed must fall with it..
That this is the view taken of the commissioner's deed in Kentucky, is shown by the proceedings in all case' of reversal. The decree of Chiles was reversed, and the case was sent down to the Bourbon chancery court, with" instructions to amend the bill, and to have further proceedings. And I presume'the cause

SUPREME COURT.
[Boone v. Chiles.1
is still pending in that court, and Chiles is praying for a title for the lands embraced by the commissioner's deed.
In the case of Watts et al. v. Waddle et al. 6 Peters 400, the court say "the deed executed by the cQmmissioner in this case, must be considered as forming a part of the proceedings in the court of chancery ; and no greater effect can be given to it, than if the decree itself, by statiie, was made to operate as a conveyance in Kentucky, as it does in Ohio."
The right set up by the present occupants of the land, against that which is asserted'by the complainants, is the next point for consideration. I shall examine this point with some minuteness. as I cannot assent to the decision made by my biother judges.
Smeltzer, it is proved, took possession of the four hundred acres he purchased friom South in 1791 ; and'he, or those claiming under him, have been in thie possession ever since. And it is proved that Smith-took possession of his purchase of two hundred 'Acres in 1798.,,and the. additional. purchase of fifty acres shortly afterwards; and he, or those claiming under him, have held possession to this time, The first question that arises in this, and all. similar. inquiries is, wh.ether the possession of the occupants was adverse to the titleasserted by the complainants.-
If the title of the tenants was not adverse, the statute of limitations cannot operate, nor can we, -by analogy, apply the principles of the statute in the case. '-
The title set up by these defendants is under South, who claimed under anassignment of Seorcy's bond by George-Boone, as the attorney- 6f -Thoms Boone, the ancestor of the complainants. This-assigpnm ent by George Boone was not authorized by'the power 0f attorrey under which he acted. That power authorized'George Boone ".to ask, demand, sue for, and recover, of and from- William Hoy, a deed or other lawful conveyance, valid in law," for the. land ; but he had no power to sell or convey the title.. This actwas void, as to Thomas Boone. In no respect eod1d it prejudice his right; for South, taking the assignment, was bound-to look 'tothe authority under which it was ade.
.Inthe case of Hawkins, Witton et al. v. Page's heirs, 4 Bibb

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
138, the court of appeals say,. the only plausible objection that can be raised to these conclusions is, that the possession of twenty years, and upwards,.would give a legal estate to the posse.ssor under the equity, notwithstanding the legal title remained in another. This doctrine cannot be maintained. So long as the holder of the equity looked to the legal title-holder for the legal estate, he must be considered as holding under him; and the length of possession enures to the benefit of the legal estate, as against adverse claimants, but did not give the legal estate to the equitable possessor; as between these two, the legal titleholder and the equitable possessor, and by continuing under these circumstances, lapse of time could be no bar, and could not transfer the right of entry to the possessor." And. in the case of Gay v. Maffitt, 2 Bibb 507, the court say, " where one claims under or through the other, there shall be no adverse possession in such case, sufficient to give a title." And again, in the same case, page 508, " if, therefore, we consider the appellant as having no other title than that, derived from possession, and that his possession ha' been changed from an adverse, hostile, into a friendly, possession, it follows, that the statute of limitation does not appl" to his case." And in 5 Littell 31l, it is laid down, that " a holding of land under a bond from the patentee, cannot be considered as adverse thereto." Other decisions in Kentucky, to the same import, might be cited, but it is unnecessary. That the rule established in Kentucky must govern the question under consideration, is admitted ; although such rule be different from the general law on the subject.
It is, then, well settled in Kentucky, that a purclaser who enters under a contract, looking to the person in whom the fee is vested for the perfection of his title, does not hold adversely to
the legal title.
The legal title to the land in dontrovei~sy was in the heirs of Ioy ; of course the possession or title of the tenants could not be adverse to them. And is it not equally clear that, -as the tenants set up a title under an assignment of Thomas Boonie, and claim through him, their title is not adverse to his ; and consequently, their possession is not adverse. Their title, as asserted,

. 248

SUPREME COURT.

[Boone v. Chiles.]
can be of no validity unless the equity of Thomas Boone, from Hoy, shall be established. They claim under and through Thomas Boone, and not in hostility to him. Their possession, therefore,' so far as it rests upon a claim of title, is in no sense hostile to the legal interests of Hoy's heirs, nor the equitable interests of the heirs of Thomas Boone.
Under such circumstances, no length of time would enable the tenants, as against Hoy's heirs, to set up the statute of limitation. So fully is this rule established in Kentucky, that when Chiles prosecuted an action of ejectment in the name of Hoy's heirs, in the Bourbon circuit court, against the tenants, they did not rely on the statute.
1 do not insist that the parties in this case are so situated that lapse of time can have no effect upon their rights ; but it is clear that, on tie part of the tenants, the statute of limitations cannot be set up as a bar in an action at law ; and by consequence, it cannot be applied, by analogy, as a bar in equity. The rule of the statute, in chancery, is adopted on the ground that equity follows the law ; and where the law fails, the rule in equity must also fail.
A court of chancery is said to act on its own rules, in regard to stale demands, and independent of the statute. It will refuse to give relief where a party has long slept upon his rights; and where the possession of the property claimed has been held in good faith, without disturbance, and has greatly increased in value. But in such a case, the court will give due weight to all the circumstances connected with the claim of title or possession, and the effect of the lapse of time may be obviated, by a great variety of facts and circumstances; which, however, would be unavailable to the complainants, where the statute would bar.
| Will now examine the equity of the tenants in regard to the lapse of time.
It will be observed, that they set up a purchase under John Sduth, the executor o William Hoy, in 1791, when South had no pretence or color of title to the land, exceptas having married one of the legatees of Hoy; and thiough her he could claim

ANUARY TERM 1836.
[Boone v. Chiles.1
only a naked legal title, the equity having been transferrcd by Hoy in his lifetime.
And afterwards, in 1792, when South obtained the assignment of Searcy's bond, by George Boone, as the attorney of Thomas Boone, the assignment was inoperative for want of power in the attorney. This "assignment, upon its face, would direct every person who claimed any interest under it, to the authority by which George Boone acted.
Had Smeltzer and Smith, the first Furchasers, notice of this defect in the assignment to South ?
In his deposition, Nicholas Smith says " that he bought a bond of John South, in 1798, for two hundred acres of land, out of the tract in controversy ; and that, shortly after, he purchased from South the residue of the tract, supposed to be sixty or seventy acres, after satisfying Smeltzer's purchase of four hundred acres. And, at the same time, he lent South three hundred dollars, which sum was to go as payment for the land ; aid if that sum overrun, he was to pay back, and if it fell short, the witness was to pay the balance. He took possession of the land, and has ever since held'it, under this purchase ; but he afterwards found out that Southhad no right to sell the land, and brought suit against him, and -recovered back the three hundred dollars."
The time that Smith ascertained, that South had no right to sell the land' does not appear; but the facts stated authorize the inference that this knowledge was acquired by Smith not long subsequent to the purchase. Some time before 1809, it appears South was very much embarrassed, and in that year was confined as a lunatic. The suit of Smith must have been brought before South's extreme embarrassment, as the money was recovered from him, and in all probability the money was repaid to Smith within five or, at most, six years of his purchase.
Barbara Smeltzer, the wife of Peter Smeltzer, who purchased the four hundred acre tract, states in her deposition, that her husband made the purchase of South, &c., who claimed the same under the bond from Reuben Searcy to William Hoy, and assigned by Hoy to George Boone ; that, at the time they first settled, John South represented to her husband that he had traded
VOL. X.-2 G

SUPREME COURT.
[Boone v. Chilec,]
tor the said bond, but that they afterwards found cut he had not got the bond, but soon afterwards he obtained'it from George Boone
John Walton, a witness, states that he acted as one of the commissioners to divide the.land, agreeably-to the will of Peter Smeltzer, deceased, about the year 1805 or 1806; and that there was conversation at that time, among the heirs of Smeltzer, about South and Hoy's bond," &c.
Joseph Steele, a witness, states that he was informed by George Boone, that Smeltzer had notice, before he purchased the land from South, that it belonged to. Thomas Boone. This statement seems not to have been objected to in the circuit court.
James Robinson, a witness, being present when the deposition of Barbara Smeltzer was taken, was astonished to finid that a person of her age should describe so accurately Searcy's bond to Hoy, as to its date, the land called for, &c.
Benjamin Mills, an attorney at'law; who was sworn as a wiiness, states, in 1826, that many years before, Peter Smith, and either John or Jacob Smeltzer, and perhaps Nicholas Smith, applied to him to bring suit for the legal title of the land, and especially for that part described in the bond signed by South, Carr, and Glover; but on examining the title, although the witness declines making some statements on ac'ount of professional confidence, yet he says, substantially, he considered the title wholly defective, under the assignment of South ; and, for that reason., declined bringing suit. As the witness left the bar for the bench,.in 1818, and as he speak3 of the bond of South, Carr, and Glover, which was given up in 1817 to Chiles; this conversation must have been prior to that time, and, probably, was several years before it.
But in 1817, Sinith, and the heirs of Smeltzer, surrendered to Chiles the bonds they held on South for the land, and bought the land of Chiles, agreeing to pay him fol. it ten dollars per acre.
Chiles having possession of the bonds of South, who was then deceased5 rescinded the contract with his executor, gave up

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
South's bonds for the land, and received from the executor Searcy's bond, after the erasure of the assignment by George Boone, as the attorney of Thomas, to South.
Judge Mills, while at the bar, brought an action of ejectment in the name of Hoy's heirs, to recover possession of this land ; but it was dismissed for want of prosecution. Afterwards, in the year 1817, he brought a second ejectment, which was served on the 4enants; against whom a final judgment was obtained by the verdict of a jury, defence being made in 1818.
To open a judgment by default in this cause, Nicholas Smith and Jacob Smeltzer swore, that " they had no expectation that William Chiles would have prosecuted the suit tojudgment against them, as they had purchased fiom him the title of Hoy's heirs for the sum of six thousand dollars, nine hundred dollars of which sum they had paid to him, and that the balance was not then due. They stated they held Chiles's bond to convey to them Hoy's title, and that, when the compromise was made, the suit was not. to be prosecuted, &c.
In 1820 or 1821, George W. Baylor purchased the interest of Peter Smeltzer's devisees in the tract of land in controversy and on the 25th of August 182.1, received a conveyance for one third of the tract from Anna Maria Smeltzer and her husband. The consideration named in the deed is nine hundred dollars, and the grantors only convey their right, title, and interest, and warrant against themselves and all persons claiming under them. And for the residue of the tract, Baylor holds the bonds of John and Jacob Smeltzer; but what consideration was paid or contracted to be paid does not appear. George W. Baylor having died shortly after the commencement of this suit, it has been carried on against his heirs who are made parties. The heirs of Cummings, whb are defendants; seem not to be entitled to any part of this land. It then appears that the heirs and assignees of Nicholas Smith, and the heirs of Baylor, are the tenants, and the only persons who rely upon the lapse of time and the length of possession to protect them in this case.
James Hutchins, a witness, swears that George W. Baylor took possession of the land in dispute some time in April, 1823.

SUPREME COURT.
[Boone v. Chiks.]
That he does not remember whether he heard Baylor say any thing, particularly about Boone's claim, before he moved to the land. But, the witness states, after Boone Engles' return from Pennsylvania, in 1822, he heard him tell Baylor that he was authorized to investigate Boone's claim, and that he would have the land.
And William Burr, a witness, says.: " before Engles.went to Pennsylvania, he heard him and Baylor have some conversation about the cla'im of Thomas Boone to the land now in contest. The deponent has not a distinct recollection of what'was said, but is under the impression Baylor spoke of an intention to purchase Smeltzer's land, and that Engles advised him not to do it, because the land belonged to Thomas Boone. He also thinks that Baylor and Engles had some conversation about forming a partnership in the investigation of Boone's claim." "1 He says, after Engles' return from Pennsylvania, and before Baylor had removed to the land, Engles and he had different conversations respecting Boone's title."
These are the leading facts on which the heirs of Baylor and Smith claim protection of a court of chancery from the lapse of time, and the equitable circumstances of the case.
In the first place, they claim unde' the same title as the complainants, and not in hostility to it.
South had no right under the assignment of George Boone ; and there is no evidence that the purchase money was paid by Smeltzer or his heirs to South ; and the amount paid by Nicholas Smith was sued for and recovered from South, after it was known that he had no title to the land. And this must have been within a very few years after the purchase of Smith, not exceeding ten years, and perhaps less than five.
That Smeltzer had notice of the want of title in South, is certain, from the depositions of his widow Barbara Smeltzer, and Joseph Steele. She states that, when South sold to themthe land he had not the bond of Searcy, but that he afterwards obtained it. With accuracy she detailed the substance of the bond, its date, and the assignnents. Smeltzer, therefore,.as she states, was well acquainted with the fraud of South, in selling the land

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
before he had a title, and this should have put Smeltzer on his guard. He was, no doubt, as well acquainted with Searcy's bond as his wife, and the assignment of George Boone was evidence upon its face, that unless he acted under a power from Thomas Boone, the assignment was void.
An action of ejectment was commenced, in the name of Hoy's heirs, to recover possession of the land, which was afterwards discontinued. And afterwards, in 1817, when Chiles, under his purchase of Hezekiah Boone, and having the sanction of George Boone, the attorney of Thomas Boone, to investigate the title, the tenants surrendered the bonds they had on South, although security was given in-the one held by Smeltzer'sheirs to Chiles, who cancelled the contract with South, and sold the land to the tenants. It is true, this contract of Chiles is represented to have, been obtained by fraud ; but 'he payment made under it, and the use imade of it to set aside a judgment by default in the ejectment suit, show that they had wholly abandoned the claim of title under South.
And, as it regards Baylor's heirs, they were in possession only one, or two years before the commencement of this suit; and their ancestor purchased nothing more than the right of Anna Maria Smeltzer, one of the legatees of Peter Sineltzer, with only a special warranty, and of John and Jacob Smeltzer, the other legatees of the land in dispute; and the inference is authorized, that the same interest, and no more, was to be conveyed under the title bonds, and this with a full knowledge of'the complainant's equity, and of the total defect of title in the legatees. Can a right thus acquired and asserted be protected by lapse of time ? Does it come within that salutary rule, which has )een adopted to' preserve the peace of society, and protect rights long acquired and enjoyed without interruption, against stale demands ? Did not Baylor purchase the interests of Smeltzer's legatees on speculation ? Knowing the title of the legatees to be defective, or rather to have no foundation on which it could be sustained, did he not purchase it ; and, under such circumstances, how can the lapse of time aid him ? If this principle might have been invoked by Smeltzei's legatees, is the same right transferred to Baylor, who

SUPREME COURT.
[Boone v. Chiles.]
purchases the interest of the legatees, without a general warranty, and for a valuable consideration ? This appears to me o have been a purchase that does not draw after it the equitable consid. era'ions which were connected with the title of Smeltzer's iega-. tees; and if it did, I -am not prepared, under the circumstances, to say that it is entitled to the protection of a court of chancery.
It appears to me that the purqhase was made with more reference to the value of the improvements than the title of the tenants; and under the expectation that, if. the land should- be lost, compensation for the improvements would- reimburse tlhe purchase money..
And as it regards the title of those who claim under Nicholas Smith, it seems not to require a much more favorable consideration. -The money proved to have been paid by Smith, on the purchase from South, was recovered, back. again ; and the heirs abandoned the claim under South, and purchased from Chiles. He purchased fifty acres of Jones, which is covered by Flournoy's patent ; and he is protected, under the statute of limitations, to this extent.
I have looked through the cases decided in this country and in England, and I can find no. instance where lapse of time, under circumstances analogous to those which belong to this case, has been held sufficient to protect the possession against a clear equitable title.
The presumptions in favor of the tenants, which might arise from lapse of time, ar'e repelled by the facts and circumstances of the case. These must always be regarded as controlling mere lapse of time ; and they are such, in this case, as to convince me t'at to protect the rights set up by the tenants would sanction a inew rule, and one that would be dangerous to bona fide claimants. I am, therefore, of the opinion that time, which cures many imperfections'in a meritorious title, and often authorizes the presumption of title where none, in fact, exists; cannot protectihe tenants in this case.
That the complainants should be decreed to release their interest to the tenants, under the contract they made with Chiles, -is, to -me, a most.extraordinary result of the controversy. I can-

JANUARY TFPRM 1836.

255.

[Boone v. Chiles.]
not give my sanction to the principles on which it rests. If the decree enforoes this contract, then must lapse of time be abandoned ; for the contract bears date onlyfive or six years before this suit was instituted : and on what -principles such a decree can, be made; in the relation which the parties bear to each other in the suit, and in the present state of the pleadings, I am unable to comprehend.
This contract is declared by the tenadnts to be fraudulent ; and they have refused, by their whole proceedings in this suit, to be bound by it. They have invoked the aid of a -courtof chancery .to annul and set aside this contract; and, I believe, have taken steps to recover back from Chiles the money they had paid him on it.
But this contract is not only declared by the tenants to be fraudulent and void: the complainants also denounce it as fraudulent. It finds favor in the eyes of no one but Chiles. And yet, this contract, thus treated by the complainants and defendants, and made by Chiles without a color of right, is made the basis of a decree of this court, which takes from the- complainants, and gives to the defendants, a large estate. Chiles, though the fraudulent instrument in making. this -contract, is not permitted to enjoy any advantages under it.
If the complainants had adopted this contract;' if they, in any. manner, had sanctioned the contract, by treating Chiles as their agent in selling the land ; there would be some ground to decree a specific execution of it. But the complainants have not sanctioned the conduct of Chiles in making this contract; and so far from seeking any thing under it, have declared k to be fraudulent and void : and yet, in despite of them, it is made the rule by which their rights are decided. I am altogether opposed to the decree on this ground.
As the decree of the circuit court is reversed, it cannot be necessary to say any thing respecting the decree which was made respecting the rents and profits. It will be fuatnd, however, that Hoy had eight heirs; two of whom, Fanny Hoy and Jones Hoy, were defendants in the suit ; and that Chiles had received conveyances from two of the heirs, besides Newland and

256

SUPREME COURT.

[Boone v. Chiles.]
wife. An'd as Chiles was decreed to convey his interest, and the two heirs of Hoy, who were defendants, were decreed to convey, also, under this decree ; the complainants became vested with four-eighths of the land, and he was made accountable to pay for that proportion of the. improvements, and in the same propoition was held entitled to the rents.
Elizabeth South, whose deed is in the record, is not a party to the suit, and the court could not act on her interest.

JANUARY TERM 1836.

583

JOSEPH WALLINGSFORD, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR V. SARAH ANN ALLEN,
FOR HERSELF AND CHILDREN.
A wife having separated herself from her husband, for ill-treatment by him, applied to the county court of Prince George, Maryland, for alimony, which was allowed to her, pendente lite. The husband gave the wife a female negro slave,.and some other property, in discharge of the 'alimony. She removed to Washington, hired out the slave, and afterwards, in consideration of a sum of money, and for other considerations, she manumitted, by deed, the slave, and her two infant children, the eldest not three years old. Some time after the agreement between the husband and wife, a final separation took place between them, by a verbal agreement; each to retain "the property each had, and to be quits for ever," and the wife relinquished all further claim for alimony. After the death of the wife, the husband claimed the female and her children, as his slaves. Held, that they were free by virtue of the deed of manumission executed by the wife.
This is a case where a transfer of property must be considered as having been made for a valuable consideration. It was given in lieu of alimony, decreed by a court of competent jurisdiction, pendente lite; and passed the property as fully to the wife, as if the husband had conveyed it to a third person for a valuable consideration. In regard to that property, the wife is to be considered as a feme sole; and her right to dispose of it followed as a matter ofcoure.
Construction of the act of assembly of Maryland of 1796, '2 Maxey's Laws 360, relative to the manumission of slaves.
The terms of the Maryland act, and the policy of it, were meant to prevent the manumission of slaves, who, from infancy, age or decrepitude, would become burthensome to the community at the time the deed of manumission should take effect: and to such as were aver the age, after which manumission is prohibited. But the slave manumitted must either be positively in the latter predicament, or be so decrepid, if under the age of forty-five; and if neither one nor the other, and being in infancy, it must stand so unrelated to any other free person coloured or white, that it can have no claim, natural or artificial, to support from any one ; and must, therefore, be a charge upon the charity of the community, or a charge upon its poorlaws. It would be an unreasonable restraint upon the privileges of manumission, as it is granted in this act, if it were interpreted to exclude the manumission of mother and an infant child, the former being of healthy constitution and able to maintain it, as of other children who, in the natural progress of human lifb would be able) in a few years, to maintain themselves by labour, and who would find in their adolescence, persons who would gladly maintain them for the services they could render.
Agreements between husband and wife, during coverture, for the transfer from him of property directly to the latter, are undoubtedly void at law. Equity examines with great caution betbre it will confirm theni. But it does sustain them when a clear and satisfactory case is nade out, that the property is to be applied to the separate use of tLe wife ; where the consideration of the transfer is a separate interest of the wife, yielded up by her for the husband's benefit, or of their f-mily; or which has been appropriated by him to his uses ; where the husband is in a

SUPREME COURT.
[Wallingaford v. Allen.)
situation to make a gift of property to the wife, and distinctly separates it from the mass of his property for her use. Either case equity will sustain, though no trustee has been interposed to hold foithe wife's use.
IN error to the circuit court of the United States- for the county of Washington in the District ofColumbia.
On the 41h day of August 1834, the defendant in error presented to the circuit court a petition stating, that she and her two infant children were entitled to their freedom ; and that she and they were unjustly held as his slaves, by Joseph Wallingsford, the plaintiff in error. . Joseph Wallingsford appeared. to the subp~ena issued on the petition, and put in a plea, denying the claims of the-petitioner. The case was tried by a jury at the circuit court held in March 1835, and '.verdict was found for the petitioner under the charge of.the court, from which the plaintiff in error took three bills of exceptions; and- prosecuted, from .the judgment of the court, this writ of error.
On the trial of the cause in the- court below, the petitioner produced a regular deed of manumission, duly recorded, executed by Rachel Wallingsford, the wife of the plaintiff in error, dated the 8th of September 1826; by which, and for divers good causes and considerations, and in consideration of the sum of 150 dollars paid to her, she released the petitioner and her children from slavery; the petitioner being at that time nineteen years old, and.her two female children .of the respective ages of three years and five months.
The petitioner also proved, that'Rachel Wallingsford resided in the city of Washington, for many years, as a feme sore, previous to the date of the deed ; that she had a suit for alimony depending in Maryland, against Joseph Wallingsford, he residing in that state; and that the court orderetd her husband to pay her 120 dollars per year, as alimony, pendente lite; that some time after that allowance had been made to her, her husband gave the petitioner to her, then about twelve years old, and some other property, in discharge of the order of alimony, his wife agreeing not to prosecute the claim any further ; that after the petitioner was so given to Mrs Wallingsford, she lived with her, or was hired out in Washington, until the date of the deed of manumission ; that on the death of Mrs Waliingsford, the plaintiff in error claimed her, and her children, as his slaves.
The court permitted the deed of manumission to be read in evidence to the jury, by the counsel for the petitioner ; expressly leaving it to the jury to say, or find from 'the evidence, whether the title of the said Rachel to the said negro Sarah Ann, at the time of the

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Wallingsford v. Allen.]
execution of the said deed, was -absolute, or only for the life of the said Rachel; and the court instructed the jury that that question was open for their consideration upon all the evidence in the cause.
The defendant in the circuit court excepted to the admission of the deed of manumission in evidence, and to the instructions given to the jury.
The defendant, by his counsel, prayed the court to instruct the jury, that if they should believe -from the evidence aforesaid (viz. the evidence stated in the first bill of exceptions), that Mrs Wallingsford held the -petitioners by virtue of an agreement made between -her and her husband, without the intervention of d trustee ; that said agreement is null and void, and could give no power to Mrs Wall-, ingsford to manumit.the slaves held by virtue of such an agreement. The court refused to give this.instruction, and the defendant excepted to the refusal.
The defendant prayed the court to instruct the jury, that if they should believe from the evidence, that an agreement was made between the defendant and Mrs Wallingsford,.by which she was to have the petitioners in lieu of being supported by him as his wife ; yet, if there was no covenant on the part of a trustee; or some one capable of contracting with the husband, that he should not be liable to the maintenarice of his wife: the same is null. The court refused to -give this instruction, and the defendant excepted.
The defendant prayed for the .court to instruct the jury, that if they should believe from the evidence, that -an agreement existed between him and Mrs Wallingsford, that he should transfer the petitioner to her, on condition that she should relinquish all claimi to alimony against him; that then, should the jury believe from the evidence,, that she did not comply with this.condition, and that she did prefer against him a subsequent claim for alimony; that then the agreement cannot be enforced against the defendant, nor can he be deprived of any of his rights by virtue of the said agreement. The court refused to give this instruction, and the defendant excepted.
The defendant then prayed the court to instruct the jury, that if they should believe, from the evidence aforesaid, that the petitioners or any of them, at the time of the execution of the deed of manumission aforesaid, were not able by their labour to procure for themselves sufficient food or raiment, with other necessary'requisites of life, then the said deed ofmanumission as to them, or such of them, was inoperative ; which instruction the court gave: and also'on the.
VOL. X.--3.-

SUPREME COURT.
[Wallingsford v. Allen.]
prayer of the counsel for the petitioners, further instructed the jury, that if they should believe, from the said evidence, that the negroes abovementioned were of healthy constitutions, and sound in mind and body, and that their mother was capable by labour to procure to them sufficient food and raiment, with other requisite necessaries of life, and did maintain them ; then such children are not under the incapacity intended by the Maryland law.
The defendant excepted to the last instruction.
The case was argued by Mr Brent, for the plaintiff in error; and by Mr Dandridge and Mr Key, for the defendant.
Mr Brent contended, that: 1. The court below erred in permitting the deed of manumission from Rachel Wallingsford, the wife, to be read in evidence as stated in the first bill of exceptions. 2. Because the court below erred in refusing to give the instructions prayed for by the plaintiff ii- error, in his second bill of exceptions. 3. Because the court below erred in refusing to give the instructions as moved for in the third bill of exceptions. 4. Because the court below erred in refusing the instructions moved for in the fourth bill of exceptions. 5. Because the court below erred in giving the instructions prayed for by the petitioners in the fifth bill of exceptions. There is no denial that Rachel Wallingsford was, at the time of the deed of manumission, the wife of the plaintiff in error. There had been no judicial separation, no divorce. Nor is it denied that the defendant in error was at one period the slave of the plaintiff in error. The questions then which present. themselves, are: i. Whether a wife separated from her husband can do any act by deed which will bind him at law, and deprive him of his property, without his express consent and authority. 2. Whether if a wife can so contract, yet is not the introduction of a trustee necessary ; and are not her acts without the aid of a trustee null and void. If no contract is valid, if none can be made; then the plaintiff in error is right, and the judgment of the circuit court must be reversed. There is an absolute disability in a wife tomake any contract, or to execute any valid deed. 15 Serg. & Rawle 90; Petersdorf's

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Wallingsford v. Allen.]
Abrid; 53, 55, 57, 65; Story's Conflict of Laws 125. In all these authorities it is held that a wife cannot execute a contract, separately from her husband.
It is admitted that there are exceptions to these principles: as when the husband has abandoned his wife, or has abjured the realm; she may contract. But these exceptions have no application to the case before the court.
It cannot be said that the plaintiff in error abandoned his' wife. She left hinm, and she resisted every effort to induce her to return. Cited, 2 Kent's Com. 166, 161, 175, 176 ; 4 Petersdorf 40, 41 ; 2 Harr. & Johns. Rep. 485.
The instruction given by the circuit court, that the ability of the methefto maintain the children would be sufficient to legalize the manumission of the infants; was in direct opposition to decisions of the courts of Maryland, on the statutes of that state.
For a considerable period, there was an express prohibition by the laws of Maryland of manumissions in any form. This was prior to 1796. It was the settled policy of the state not to allow any slaves to be set free. By the act of 1715, ch. 44, sect. 22, all negroes were declared slaves for life; and this law deprived the owners of slaves of the right to give any one of them freedom. Then came the statute of 1796, which prohibits manumission of persons not able, to maintain themselves. This act makes all deeds of manumission of such persons, absolutely void. But for the act of 1796, no manumissions could be made; and none are valid which do not conform to that law. It cannot be contended that infants of three years old and under, have such ability. Cited, 6 Harr. & Johns. 18, 19 4 Harr. &.Johns. 262.
These laws have full operation in the District of Columbia, on the east side of the Potomac;. and they govern the case before the court. They make the deed of manumission void, even if the granto of the same was. competent to give it. The decisions of the Maryland *courts on this statute, made *since the establishment of the District, may not be authority in this court ;-but-as they give a construction to the statutes of -thestate, the court will regard them .as entitled to great consideration.
Mr Dandridge and Mr Key, for the defendant, insisted on the capacity of Mrs Wallingsford to. execute the deed. She was a fenie sole: she had been abandoned by her husband: she was within the

SUPREME COURT.
[Wallingsford v. Allen.]
exceptions to the rule which- vacates the contracts or'Aeeds of married women. Cited, I Kent's Corn. 157; 6 Pick. Rep.,"89; 15 Mass. Rep. 31; 2 John. Ch. Ca. 537; 1 Atk. 278.
The agreement by which the defendant in error became the property of Mrs Wallingsford, was a substitute for the allowance of alimony, and relieved the estate.of the husband from a heavy responsibility. If no property in the slave was acquired by the wife, nothing was received by her; and the effort-now made is to set up a fraud for the benefit of the perpetrator of it. The very nature of the transaction made the defendant in error the separate property of Mrs Wallingsford, It was left by the circuit court to the jury to say, whiether the arrangement was.'not binding on the husband; and they decided that it was. This gave the defendant in errr and her children their-freedom,
It was entirely competent to the husband to give his wife this property; and the facts of the case show, that the emancipation of the defendant in error was for a pecuniary consideration. The surn of 150 dollars was paid to her for the deed. She had been-living in a different jurisdiction for many years: she was in great distress; and her husband gave .her the girl for her support and maintenance. She had a right to dispose of her as she did, to procure the tneans of living.
- As to the construction given by the counsel for the plaintiff in error to the laws of Maryland, Mr Key contended that the thirteenth and twenty-ninth sections of the law of 1796, ch. 67, are different. In the one case, the case of a will, there aire prohibitory words; and not in the other.
Further, the expressi6ns in the twenty-ninth section are, slave or slaves': any person having slaves may emancipate them, if sound, healthy, and able by labour to earn a living, &c. Now these slaves in this deed, taking them, as the words allow, and .as the spirit of the law would allow, in the aggregate, are able to maintain themselves.
Agiin, the decision in such a Case should be, not that the deed is void, but that the freedom is not to.commence*,by it till the,children are of sufficient age.
Mr Justice WAYNE delivered the opinion of the Court. This was a petition in the court belo%, by the appellees, for freedom ; complaining that they were unjkTtly held and claimed by the

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Wallingsford v. Allen.]
appellant as his slaves. The petitioner gave in evidence a deed of manumission for herself and two children, from one-Rachel Wallingsford. Her third child was born after she was manumitted.
It appears that Rachel Wallingsford resided in Washington several years previous to the date of the deed of manumission, living apart from her husband, the appellant: that she had a suit pending against him in Maryland, where he resided, for alimony, and had been allowed, by the order of the court, 120 dollars per annum, pendente lite. Some time after this allowance had been made, her husband gave her the petitioner, Sarah Ann, and some other property, in discharge of her alimony.: thait after this agreement between them, the said Rachel continued to live in Washington until her death, having kept Sarah Ann in her service until the deed of manumission was executed. After the death of Mrs Wallingsford, the appellant claimed Sarah Ann and her children as his slaves. All of th children were born after Sarah Ann was given up by the appellant to Mrs Wallingsford. The appellant proved, at the time the deed of manumission was made, that R Lchel Wallingsford was his lawful wife. It also appears, by a petition filed by the appellant in the county court of Prince George county, Maryland, to get the inter-locutory order for alimony suspended, and which is in evidence in the cause, that the appellant and his wife, having had repeated disagreements, as she alleged on account of her husband's habitual incontinency with a woman in their own house, Mrs Wallings.ford left her habitation and refused to live with him. The'charge of incontinency is denied by the husband ; but he admits, after his wife's departure, and upon her refusing to comply with his solicitations to return and live with him, that by an express agreement between them, he gave to her the woman Sarah Ann and other property, with two notes of hand, one for 120 dollars and the other for 200 dollars; in all amounting to 900, dollars; which was the amount the wife brought with her when they were married, and of which the appellee Sarah Ann was a part. This was to be received by the wife in full
of-all further claim for support; and the husband was to be discharged from the payment of alimony decreed by the court. Wallingsford having refused to pay the notes of hand, and the suit for alimony being still pending, the parties again met, and a final separation took place between them; upon the footing, that.the wife was to retain the woman Sarah Ann; that each was to retain besides, "the property each bad, and to be quits for ever." In considerationof the husband

SUPREME COURT.
[Wallingsford v. Allen.]
having agreed to this, the wife agreed to yield her claim for alimony, granted by the interlocutory order of the court, and was to discontinue her suit.
On the trial of the cause, the admission of the deed of manumission, as evidence, was excepted to by the defendant; but the court overruled the exception. The defendant also prayed the court .to instruct the jury, if they should believe, from the evidence, that Mrs Wallingsford held the petitioners by virtue of an agreement between% her and her husband, without the intervention of a trustee, that the agreement was void; and could give to her no power to manumit the slaves held under it: also, if the jury shall believe, from the evidence, that the agreemezit was made without a covenant on the part of a trustee, or some person capable of contracting with the husband, that the same was null: also, if the jury shall believe that the agreement was made on condition that Mrs Wallingsford should relinquish- all claim to alimony, and that she did not comply with such condition, and did prefer against him a subsequent claim for alimony, that the agreement cannot be enforced against the defendant: and lastly, to instruct the jury, if they shall believe, from the evidence, that the petitioners, or any of them, at the time of the execution of the deed of manumission, were not able by their labour to procure for themselves sufficient food and raiment, with other necessaries of life, that then the said deed was inoperative to them. The court gave the last instruction to the jury, but refused to give the rest. And upon the prayer of the petitioner, instructed the jury, if they should believe from the evidence, that Sarah Ann Allen and her children were of healthy constitutions, and sound in mind and body, and that the mother was capable by labour to procure them sufficient food and raiment, with other necessaries of life, and did maintain them; then such children are not under the incapacity intended by the law of Maryland, in the act providing for the manumission of slaves.
The section of the act of 1796, 2 Maxcy's Laws of Maryland 360, is as follows: "that where any person or persons possessed.of any slave or slaves within this state, who are or shall be of healthy constitutions, and sound in mind and body, capable by labour to procure to him or them sufficient food .and raiment, with other necessaries of life, and not exceeding forty-five years of age, and such person or persons possessing such slave or slaves as aforesaid, and being willing and desirous toset free or manumit- such slave or slaves, may, by. writing under his, her or their hands anti seak, evidenced by two

JANUARY TERM 1836.
(Wallingsford v. Allen.]
good and sufficient witnesses at least, grant to such slave or slaves his, her or their freedom; and that any deed or writing, whereby freedom shall be given or granted to any such slave, which shall be intended to take place in future, shall be good to all intents, constructions and purposes whatsoever, from the time that such freedom or manumission is intended to commence by the said deed or writing; so that such deed and writing be not in prejudice of creditors ; and that such slave, at the time such freedom or manumission shall take place or commence, be not above the age aforesaid, and be able to work and gain a sufficient livelihood and maintenance, according to the true intent and meaning of this act." The act prescribes how such deeds shall be executed, acknowledged and recorded; and upon a compliance with what is prescribed in those 'egards, a copy of the record, duly attestedunder the seal, &c. &c., "shall at all times hereafter be deemed, to all intents and purposes, good evidence to prove such freedom."
We will consider, together, the exception taken to the introduction of the deed of manumission as evidence, the last instruction asked by the defendant, and that asked by the petitioners, both of which were given to the jury by the court. The deed was not objected to for any deficiency in its execution, or on account of its not having been properly acknowledged and recorded. The last was done as far as that part of the law can be complied with in the District of Columbia. The deed was also acknowledged by the person making it, on the day it was executed, before a justice of the peace. It was then properly sent to the jury as evidence of the fact of manumission; and what its validity might be to give freedom, was a question of law to be determined by the court. As to the instructions asked by the defendant and the petitioners, relative to the petitioners being coinprehended within the incapacity of the section of the act of Maryland just recited; both, we think, were rightly given by the court. That of the defendant was very general, and the court was not obliged by it to particularize to which of the petitioners it was intended to be applied. It was, therefore, correctly answered by a general instruction directing the jury to inquire into the fact; at the same time stating what the law was, if the jury should find the fact as the counsel of the defendant supposed it to be. That of the petitioners being more specific, was intended to obtain the court's interpretation of the act upon the point put; and we think the answer of the court, is in the true spirit of the law. We think the terms of the

SUPREME COURT.
[Wallingsford v. Allen.]
act of Maryland, and the policy intended by it, were meant to prevent the manumission of slaves, who, from infancy, age or decrepitude, would become burthensome to the community at the time the deed of manumission should take effect: and to such as were over the age, after which manumission is prohibited. But the slave manumitted must either be positively in the latter predicament; or be so decrepid, if under the age of forty-five; and if neither one nor the other, and being in infancy, it must stand so unrelated to any other free person coloured or white, that it can have no claim, natural or artificial, to support from any one ;- and must, therefore, be at once a charge upon the charity of the community or a charge upon its poor laws. It would be an unreasonable restraint upon the privileges of manumission, as it is granted in this act, if it were interpreted to exclude the manumission of mother and an infant child, the former being of healthy constitution and able to maintain it, as. of other childrenzwho, in the natural progress of human life would be able, in a few years, to maintain themselves by labour, and who would find in their adolescence, persons who would gladly maintain them for the services they could render. If this construction of the act does not prevail, there can be no fixed age in childhood when m.anumission can take effect; and the act would be made to operate differently upon persons by no certain rule. The legislature having laid down the age after which manumission shall not be made, a strong presunption is raised that it did not mean to exclude all infants absolutely from the benefits of the act, or it would have said so in terms; or have fixed an age when, in childhood, mcnumission should beallowed. If the policy of thelaw is to prevent slaves from being manumitted who would be burthensome to the community, we cannot hesitate in believing that the object will be accomplished by relying upon those natural affections of a mother for her child, which have always been found strong enough to cherish and sustain it ; except in some unnatural instances, as when the true nature of woman has been turned aside by some dreadful superstition or extraordinary necessity.
We are aware that opinions have been expressed, in the courts of Maryland different from our conclusion, in regard to the manumission of children : but the point of a mother and infant manumitted at the same time, and the mother being in any way able, by her labour, to maintain her offspring; has not yet been decided against by the courts of Maryland, so far as we can gather from their re-

JANUARY: TERM 1836:
[Wallingsford v. Allen.]
ports. These opinions too, having been expressed since the cession of the District 6f Columbia to the United States, the courts in the district are not to be controlled by them in the interpretation of the act under review; as they would be, and as this court would be, by the decisions of state courts*upon. state statutes affecting local rights
and interests.
The fourth instruction asked by -the defendant, which the court refused to give, is, if the jury shall believe that the agreement between Wallingsford and *ife was, that. he should transfer the petitioner to her on .eondition that she should relinquish all claim to alimohy.against him; and that she did not comply with the condition, and did prefer against him a subsequent claim for alimony : that then the said agreement cannot be enforced against the defen-
dant ; nor can he be deprived of any of -his rights by virtue of said agreement. We think this instruction was rightly refused; 'for though it is not denied that the suit for alimony had not been disdiscontinued, and was pending when Mrs Wallingsford died, the legal consequence would not be, that the agreement would be avoided by its not having been observed in that particular. The non performance of the agreement in that regard, did not restore to the defendant the ownership of property for which he had received a valuable consideration, by the relinquishment of his wife's alimony;
of which he had the full benefit during her life ; .and continues to enjoy in the greater means he i presumed to have from having been relieved from the payment of the wife's alimony. But the instruction was asked in -face of the evidence; which establishes the fact, that the substantial parts of the agreement were complied with, as the defendant had never been called upon for any pe.rt of the alimony, after the agreement was made, until the death of Mrs Wallingsford. Afailure upon the part of the wife to comply with this part of the agreement, gave to the husband a good ground in equity to have the suit discontinued; but did not invalidate. the agreement.
The remaining exceptions to be considered, are those relating to the nullity of the agreement ; because it was made without the intervention of a trustee, or some one capable of contracting with the husband. The court refused to give such instructions.
The inability of the wife in this instance to contract or to take any interest from her husband, without theintervention of a trustee, was argued, upon the restraiuts imposed upon women by the common
VOL. x.-3 z

SUPREME COURT.
(Wallingsford v. Allen.]
law, during coverture. This is a case which cannot be so considered. Neither the nature of the action, by which the petitioners sue to have their freedom established; nor the agreement between Wallingsford and his wife; would permit this court to take so narrow a view of the case. Every feature of the agreement is an appeal to have it tested by those principles of equity which have been applied to maintain a separate interest in women, acquired from their husbands during coverture; whether the same were made by the intervention of trustees or not ; when the transfer was fairly made upon a meritorious or valuable consideration.
Agreements between husband and wife, during coverture, for the transfer from him of property directly to the latter, are undoubtedly void at law. Equity examines with great caution before it will confirm them. But it does sustain them when a clear and satisfactory case is made out, that the property is to be applied to the separate use of the wife. Where the consideration of the transfer is a separate interest of the wife, yielded up by hier for the husband's benefit, or of their family; or which has been appropriated by him. to his uses. Where the husband is in a situation to make a gift of property to the wife; and distinctly :separates it from the mass of his property for her use. Either case equity will sustain, though no trustee has been interposed to hold for the wife's use. In Moore v. Freeman, Bunb. 205, it was determined, that articles of agreement between husband and wife are binding in equity, without.the intervention of a trustee. Other cases may be cited to the 2arne purpose. In regard to grants from the husband to the wife, an examination of the cases in the books will show, when they have not been sustained in equity, it has been on account of some feature in them impeaching their fairness and certainty, as that they were not in the nature of a provision for the Wife ; or when they interfered with the rights of a creditor ; or when the property given or granted had not been distinctly separated from the mass of the husband's property. In Scanning v. Hyle, 3 P. Wins 334, Lord Talbot assumed the doctrine, that femes covert could have a separate interest by their husband's agreement. In the case of Lady Arundel v. Phipps, 10 Ves. 146, 149, Lord Eldon held, that a husband and wife after marriage could " contract, for a bona fide and valuable consideration, for a transfer of property from him to her. In Sheppard v. Sheppard, 7 Johns. Ch. Rep. 57, it is said, husband and wife may contract, for a bona fide and valuable consideration, for a transfer of property from him to her.

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Wallifigsford v. Allen.]
-In Walles v. Hodge, 2 S wanst. 97, it is said, husband may convey to the wife a chattel. In the caseof a gift from the husband to the wife, it is held valid when the husband, by some distinct act, divests himself of his property. As, for instance, in -the case of Lucas v. Lucas, 1 Atk. 270, the lord chancellor held, that the transfer of 1000
pounds South Sea annuities by the husband, in the name of the wife, was so decisive an act, as amounted to an agreement by the husband that the property should become hers. It is not necessary to review here the cases of gifts to the wife by the husband, which have been sustained in equity. They are alluded. to, to show how far equity has gone in maintaining transfers of property by the husband to the wife, without the intervention of a trustee ; and when there was no valuable consideration money from the wife to the husband.. But the case before us is one where a transfer of property must be considered as having been made for a valuable consideration. It was given in lieu of alimony, decreed by a court of competent jurisdiction, pendente lite ; and passed the property as fully to the wife, as if the husband had conveyed it to a third persou for a valuable consideration. In regard to that property, Mrs Wallingsford is to be considered as a feme sole; and her right to dispose of it
followed as a matter of course. Judgment of the circuit court affirmed.

412

SUPREME COURT.

THOMAS ELLICOTT AND JONATHAN MEREDITH, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR
V. WILLIAM PEARL.
At the trial of a writ of right, in the circuit court of Kentucky, a witness was offered to prove that one Moore, who was dead, and whose name was put down as one of the chain carriers in making the original survey, and who was subsequently present when lines were run on the same land, had declared, that a certain corner was the corner made by the surveyor, Kincaid, when the original survey was made and the line run by the direction of the surveyor, for the original survey. The circuit court rejected the evidence. Held, that the circuit court did not err in rejecting this evidence.
The evidence was not merely hearsay; but hearsay not to matters of general reputation, or common interest among many.
The general rule is, that evidence, to be admissible, should be given unde" the sanction of an oath, legally administered: and in a judicial proceeding, depending between the parties affected by it, or those whostand in privity of estate or interest with them. Hearsay is admitted in cases of pedigree, of prescriptive rights and customs, and some other cases of a public, or quasi public nature. In cases of pedigree, it is admitted upon the ground of necesity, or the great difficulty, and sometimes the impossibility,'of proving remote facts of this sort by living witnesses But in these cases-it is only admitted when the tradition comes from persons intimately connected, or in close relation with the family, or.fr-m sources of a kindred nature; Nhich, in a general sense, may be said to import verity: there being' no lis nota or other interest to affect the credit of their statement.
In cases of prescriptive rights and customs,' and other claims of a public nature, tradition and reputation have been in like manner admitted. They are all cases of a general right, affecting a number of persons, having d common'interest.
The distinction seems now clearly established in England, that hearsay, or reputation, or tradition, is not admissible in cases of mere private rights; but only in cases of public rights, or those quasi publici, involving similar interests of a number of persons. Perhaps a reason may be 'found which, upon principle, would well support this distinction. 'It is that, in regard to private rights, the acts, profession and assertion of title by the parties claiming for themselves are, in all cases, susceptible of direct proof: but in cases of public rights, the acts, profession and assertion of title by many persons, not in privity with each other, cannot be explained or qualified to be in furtherance of a common public right; unless the evidence of general reputation were admissible to explain the intention and objects of the parties in those acts, or that possession or assertion of title ; that-is to say, whether done in furtherance of a common right or of a private right.
Kincaid had been examined as a witness for the demandants (by-way of deposition), and the tenants, thereupon, gave in evidence the conversations and declarations of Kincaid, to certain witnesses, in order to discredit his (Kincaid's), testimony, and to show that he had stated that the survey was made by him, at the mouth of Raccoon creek, for Remey; when it was his interest to place itat Pond creek. The demandnuts then, with a view to sustain Kincaid, and to support the statements

JANUARY TERM 1836.

413

[Ellicott v. Pearl.]
going to his interest, offered witnesses to prove the statements and conversations of Kincaid at other times, corresponding_% ith the statement4 in his deposition, rela. tive to his making the surveys of Thompson and Remey; and it being suggested by the demamants, upon an inquiry from the court, that these statements and conversations were subsequent to that testified to by the tenant's witnesses ;.the court, upon an objection taken by the tenants, excluded the evidence. By the Court. The evidence was properly excluded. Where witness proof has been offered against the testimony of a witness under oath, in order to impeach his veracity; establishing that he has given a different account at another time: we are of opinion that, in general, evidence is not admissible in order to confirm his testi-
mony, to prove that at other times he has given the same account -as he has under oath: for it is but his mere declaration of the fact; and that is not evidence. His testimony under oath is better evidence than his confirmatory declarations not under oath; and the-repetition of his assertions does not carry his credibility further, if'so far as his oath. This is said in general, because there are exceptions: but they are of a peculiar nature, not applicable to the circumstances uf this case : as where the testimony is assailed as a fabrication Of a recent date, or a complaint recently made; for there, in order to repel such imputation, proof of the antecedent declaration of the party may be admitted.
The tenants, in order to prove the boundaries of the demandant4' land, as laid down in the plat, and claimed by them, gave in evidence the original plat@ and certificates of survey of their two thousand and one thousand acre tracts; and then examined M'Neal, a witness for the demandants, who was first introduced to prove their boundary ; who stated that the water courses, as found on the ground, did not correspond with those reresented on the said plats: and after being examined.by the demandants, for the purpose of.proving that the marks on the trees, claimed by them as the corner and lines of their surveys, were as ancient as the said surveys, and also as to the position and otherwise of the lines and corners claimed .by them, and represented on the'plat made and used at the trial; stated on the crossexamination of the tenants' counsel, that some of the lined, narked to suit the calls of the said surveys, appeared to be younger; and others, from.their appearance, might be as. old as the date of the said plats. The demandants, to counteract this evidence, and to sustain'their claim, offered in evidence a survey, made out by M'Neal in an action of ejectment formerly depending betwecn the same parties for the sameland, of which survey Pearl had due notice. The tenants objected to the reading of the explanatory report accompanying this survey, and the court refused to allow so much thereof as stated the appearance as to age jid otherwise of the lines and corners to go in evidence to the jury; and accordingly caused to be erased from the plat the words following, viz. "ancient" (cl6ps);-f' John Forbes, Jun. states he cut the same letters and figures;"-"on the east side, no chops appear to have been marked with a larger axe, than the chops on the beginning tree ;"-aiid then permitted the residue of the report and plat to go in evidence. Held, that the evidence was properly refused.
The assumption that there can be no possession to defeat an adverse title, except in one or other of these ways, that is, by an actual residence, or an actual enclosure ; is a doctrine wholly irreconcileable with principle and authority. Nothing can be more clear, than that a fence is not indispensable to constitute Oossession of a tract of land. The erectioni of a fence is nothing more than an act presumptive of an intention to assert an ownership and possession over the property. But there are many other acts, which are equally evincive of such an intention of asserting such

SJPREME COURT.
[Ellicott v. Pearl.] ownership and possession; such as entering upon land.and making improvements thereon; raising a crop of corn; felling and selling the trecs thereon, under colour of title. An entry into possession of a tract of land, under a dcd containing specific metes and bounds, gives a constructive possession of the whole tract, it not in any adverse possession: although there may be no fbee or enclosure round the ambit of the tract, and an actual residence only on a part of it. To. constitute-actual possession, it is not necessary that there should be any fence or enclosure of the land. Where.there has been an entry on land under coldur of title by deed, the possession is deemed to extend to the bounds of that deed; although the actual settlement and improvements were on a small parcel only of the tract. In such a case, where there is no adverse possession, the law construes the entry to be co-extensive with tile grant to the party; upon the ground that it is his clear -intention to assert such possession. The demandants, in a writ of right, claimed adversely to all the tenants, upon a title independent and distinct from theirs. The tenants all claimed under an adverse title by deed of seven thousand acres; that is, under a title common to them all. The demandants could not recover any tract in controversy, unless they were seised thereof within thirty years, the period prescribed by the statute of limitations for writs of right.. If, therefore, there had been thirty years adverse possession of the particular tract in controversy, by any of the tenants ; the demandants failed in their suit, and were debarred from any recovery. The court instructed the jury, that if they should find that the patent for the land, under which the title of the tenants was derived, did not cover all the land ; yet, if' they find from the evidence, that the tenan*ts, or any of them, or those claiming under them, have had possession of the land in contest for thirty years next before the commencement of the demandants' suit, they must find for the tenants.
IN error to the circuit court of the United States, for the district of Kentucky.
The plaintiffs in error, citizens of the state of Maryland, on the 17th day of January.1831, sued out of the circuit court of the United States for the district of Kentucky, a writ of right against William Pearl, for a tenement containing one thousand acres of land, in the county of Laurel, in the state of Kentucky. The defendant appeared and took defence, and put himself on the assize; praying recognition to be made, whether he had greater right to hold the said tenement, with the appurtenances, as he' held it; or whether the demandants, Ellicott and Meredith, to have it, as they demanded it.' The demandants afterwards did likewise.
At May term 1834, the case was tried by a jury, who returned into court the following verdict: "We, the jury, find that the tenant has more right to have the tenement, as he now holds it, than the demandants to have it:" and the circuit court gave judgment for the tenant accordingly. .

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Eliicott v. Pearl.]
At the same term of May 1831, other writs of right were sued out by the plaintiffs against other tenants of the land ; and the like proceedings and judgment took place.
On the trial of the case, the following bill of exceptions was filed. The parties having agreed that these causes should be heard at the same time, without prejudice-to the right of either party, and that the evidence should be heard as to all, and to be applied to each respectively, the jury was so sworn; and.the plaintiff, to support his part of the issue, introduced, the patents to James Kincaid for two thousand acres, and for one thousand acres, and deed ftom James Kincaid to Samuel and Robert Smith, and the deea from Robert Smith to Samuel Smith, and the deed from Samuel Smith to the demandants, in the words and figures following. [The patents and deeds were inserted.] The boundaries of the two thousand acres, surveyed and granted to James Kincaid, were "in Lincoln county, on the east fork of Rockcastle, beginning at Kincaid's lick, on a branch of said fork, and on the north side, thence south and east for quantity, and bounded asfolloweth, to-wit: beginning at said Kincaid's lick, on.a branch on the -north side of the east fork of Rockcastle two beeches, thence south five hundred and sixty-six poles, crossing said fork to two white oaks, thence east five hundred and sixty-five and a half poles, crossing several branches to a white and black oak, thence north five hundred and sixty-six poles, crossing said east fork to two black oaks, thence west five hundred and sixty-five and a half poles, to the beginning.'" The boundaries of the one Thousand acre survey *ere, "in Lincoln county, on the waters of Rockcastle, to begin at Grigsby's southeast corner of his entry of two thousand acres of land, thence west with. Grigsby's line to his corner, theuce south for quantity, and bounded as followeth, to wit.: beginning on said Nathaniel Grigsby's south-east oorner at a white oak and black oak, thence west five hundred and sixty-five and a half poles,.crossing several branches with said Grigsby's line to his corner at two white oaks, thence south two hundred and eighty-three poles, to two black oaks, thence east five hundred and sixty-five and a half pples, crossing some branches to twp chestnut oaks, thence north two hundred and eighty-three poles, to the beginning, with its appurtenahces." The parties a!so agrepd that the trial of each and afl the cases should be had on the merits, as though .there Were no blanks in the

SUPREME COURT..
[Ellicottyv. Pearl.] "
pleas, and. that neither party. should take advantage of any defect in the pleadings.
The demandants also read 'thesurveys of M'Neal, the one made out in this case, and the one made out in the.action of ejectment lately depending before this court between the same parties, which surveys are made .part.of this bill of exceptions, by reference, 'and also introduced the said M'Neal, who stated on oath, that he was at the place shown on the plat as-the beginning corner of Kincaid's two thpusand acre survey ; that the trees stood in an island of Pond creek, and that the letters W. H were made on each: of the large trees, and on-one of them, the letters I. K..were also marked ; that he r.un the line iunning south -from that, point, and observed two sets of marks, the one appearing, old, and the other not so old as Kincaid's survey ; that the old line trees appeared about as old as the co-rner trees and the letters, but that either Was- as old as the surveys.of Kincaid, he could not say ; that all he could say was, that himself and others thought corner.tr~es and the old ma'ks on the line, were made at the same time; that he had cut out a block on the line, it appeared to count for an old line, but,ithad grown so close'that he could not. count the annulatidns. ·The witnesses stated that in running the south line, he had cr.ssed Rockcastle three times before he. reached the corner, pursuing the course of the patent in the manner represented in the connected. plat in this cause, and that the plat correctly represents Rockcastle river, where it is crossed by the several lines of Kincaid's two thousand, as run by him and laiddown in the plat aforesaid. The plat made out in the action of ejectrment, and which was read in evidence, as -aforesaid, was objected to as incompetent evidence in this cause, by the defendants, but the objection overruled.. M'Neal also stated, that in the plat made out in the ejectment case, Rockcastle river, except where it was crossed by the first line from the place shown him in the begin-, ning, was laid down by protraction only, but he had actually surveyed and laid. correctly the crossing of the river, by the different. lines on the connected plat, in these causes; each of the demandants admitted that he resided, at the commencement of these actions, at the place represented as his residence on the plat, and su'veyor's report made in these causes, and that if the beginning corner of the patent of James Kincaid, was at the point claimed by the demandants, the lands they respectively so hold, and claimed, were. within the patent and deeds read in evidence by the demandants.

JANUARY TERM 1836.

1417

[Ellicott v. Pearl.]
The defendants then introduced the patent to Jacob Remey, and Jacob Remey's deed to William Edwards, and William Edwards% deed to the defendant, William Pearl, as follows [The patents* were here introduced]. The patent was dated the. 15th of July 1789, and the land was described, as a ".certain tract or parcel of land containing twenty-nine thousand pcres by survey, bearing date th. 7th day of November 1786, lying and being in the county of Lincoln, on the waters of Rockcastle, and bounded as followeth, to wit, beginning- three-quarters of a mile -south of the mouth of Raccoon creek, and about ten poles from the same on the west side at two white oak trees ; thence north two thousand four hundred and sixteen poles to a hickory and black oak trees; thence west one thou-
sand nine hundred and twenty and a half poles to a white oak and black oak trees ; thence south two thousand four hundred'and sixteen poles to a white oak ; thence east one 'thousand nine hundred and twenty and a half poles to the beginning, with its appurten-
ances."
They then proved by the iaia WNeal, that the deeds aforesaid of Remey to Edwards, and from Edwards to Pearl, include the land in contest, and are correctly represented on the connected plat; that he had'followed an old marked line from the mouth of Raccoon creek, running north, and out of which he cut two blocks, which he thought counted to the date of Remey's survey.
That he had lived in the part of the country where the land in contest lies, upwards of thirty years, and had always known Rockcastle river, and Raccoon creek, and Pond creek by their respective names, since ever he had been acquainted in that part of the country ; that he was on part of the lines' of Pearl's deed, in 1799, before Pearl settled on the land, and that in the spring of 1800, William Pearl, claiming the whole of the land described in his deed under the patent to Remey, settled upon the land, as lie understood, intending to take possession of his entire tract; and that Pearl, and those claiming under him, have held the possession of the land ever since, that the settlement of Pearl aforesaid, was made at or near the figures II, on the connected plat. That Pearl and those claining under him, have always claimed to hold the land under Remey's patent; the other defendants all claimed under Pearl. The defendant also introduced John Crook, who swore that lie was at the house of Wil-
liam Pearl in the spring of the year 1800, and that he was then living on Rockcastle, near the place represented on the plat made
VOL. x.-3 c

SUPREME COURT,

[Ellicott v. Pearl.]
out in, this cause by the figures 11; that he came from the neighbourntood of Goose creek, or by Terrell's camp; and that Terrell's camp was about four miles from Pearl's, rather east, and Pearl's was all the settlementhe then knew of in that part of the country. He vas not at that timc at the place represented on the plat as the honse where James M'Cammon lived in 1801, nor 'could he say whether M'Caminon was then living there or not, that place is several miles distant from the place at which William Pearl then lived.
,Thedefendant called Metcalfe, who stated that old James M'Cammon moved his.fanily and settled on the land in controversy at the place represented as th6i house where James M'Cammon lived in .1801 on said plat, either in 1800 or 1801, and he thought 1800 ; and as he understood, under a purchase of a part of his land from William Pearl,.but how much he did not know, nor could he say. Ha understood that M'Cammon had contracted with Pearl for part of his land, and settled under that contract, dnd dontinued to hold the .land aforesaid for a year- or two, when; by some arrangement or
agreement between M'Cammon and Pearl, he, M'Caminon, got other land, part of Pearl's same tract, and Pearl took the place aforesaid ; that the place first settled by M'Cammon had been ever since held and possessed by M'Cammon,. Pearl and others hulding uider him ; he could not say vhether his land was marked out to hiim or not ; but he said he never heard it was, nor did he ever hear that any deed was made : he also said, upon being interrogated by demandant's counsel, that one Hardy Hart settled under a contract of purchase from Remcy, about the same time, he thought, at or near the same place ; that he could not say what year it was ; he said that he could not speak positively of the year. M'Cammion first set-
tled, but it was the sane year one. of his children was born ; and he always thought it was on the same year his daughter Jenny was

born mtil he caine here, but she being of the same age that a brother

of M'Neal the surveyor was, and M'Neal's brother being, as he was

then told by M'Neal, thirty-one years old next July, he had, on re-

flectinmg upon the subject, becQne satisfied that it was his daughter

who Ile lought was about two years older than Jenny that was

born abouw, the same'time that M'Carnmon settled 'as aforesaid, so

that

iIe
/

had

concluded

that

M'Cammon

had

settled

either 1800 or

1801 ; and fhat he thought that he and Pearl settled about the

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Ellicott v. Pearl.]
same time ; and that the land has been settled and held by one or another under Pearl's. claim ever since.
M'Neal was then called, and stated that lie could not state when M'Cammon settled ; that all lie could state was that his, M'Cammon's boys, were there making the improvements for their father.the fall before he, M'Cammon, brought his family and settled, as witness had in the spring of the year assisted them to roll. logs, at which time the old man had hot removed to tho place, from which lie inferred that they I ad been there the winter before ; but could not say when they did first go on tJhe land, nor could he state what year lie rolled the logs; that Pearl settled near the figures IIas stated oil his plat in the spring of the year 1800 ; that lie, Pearl, that year made sugar and tapped trees within the one thousand acres of the demandants as laid doNVI ; but his house and clearings did not interfere with the one thousand acres ; that his brothelr, that was of the same age of Jenny the daughter of the witness, would be thirty-one in next July ; that lie understood that Pearl settled at the figures II claiming under his purchase of Edwards his w hole tract ; he was asked by demandanuts' counsel, whether Pearl did not, tell him that M'Cammon settled in 1801, and in answer lie said that at the direction of Pearl lie had represented the place on the plat to be the one-at which M'Cammon lived in 1801.
The demandants then examined John Cook, who stated that lie was acquainted with Hardy Hart, spoken of by the witness Metcalfe,. and that he resided on Goose creek below the salt works in the month of July 1802. That lie and the company arrived at the sail. works on the 2d of July 1802 ; that the said Hardy Hart was then living below the Goose creek salt works, on Goose creek, on Ihe south fork of Kentucky ; that after lie arrived at the salt works, lie, and his company, purchased corn of him, the said Hardy Hart, for their wagon horses ; that he continued to reside there some time afterwards, how long lie could not say, but lie thought until fall, when he removed to Rockcastle, and settled near to William Pearl's.
The dentandants, to show that Rimey's patent did not cover t heir patents, but that it covered land at or near the nouth of Pond creek, read the deposition of James Kincaid, and which is made a part of this bill of exceptions.
[The deposition of James Kincaid stated in substance, that he received Thompson's wairant from Allen, and bound himself to locate and make the survey. He received Remey's warrant from

SUPREME COURT.
[Ellicott v. Pearl.]
Nathaniel Grigsby. He was never at the mouth of Raccoon creek, until he went there in company with' George Thompson, between 1796 and 1799. Before he made the survey, he did not particularly understand the geography of the country. He went from the Crab orchard ; and we went what was called the Crab orchard trace' but we did not travel the trace as far as the Hazelpatch. He had travelled the trace before, and he thought he could go a nearer way to Raccoon creek through the woods.. He was apprised of the place where the trace crossed Raccoon creetc; and when we got in the flat near the Hazelpatch we turned off to the left. hand to strike the mouthof Raccoon creek; and after travelling some distance we struck a water course, supposed by me to be Raccoon creek ; and he went down it to the mouth, or to where it and another creek came together; and we supposed that was the mouth of Raccoon creek.
George Wilson, Reuben Terrell, William Moore and a young man by the iname of Myres were there ; and he don't remember others, but he thinks there was another man by the name of Crow.
The following was the manner of making the survey: we. went there in the evening late, and encamped on a little dry branch above the mouth of the creek on the south side ; recollects the next lilorning he saw spruce pines standing on the bank, both above and below the mouth of the creek. Did not recollect of going to the mouih of the creek; but took it for granted, from the appearance of the bottom on the north side of.the river, that it must be the mouth of Raccoon creek. And next morning after we got there, he thinks he went down to the bluff, near the mouth of the creek; and George Wilson', who was a young man that he was learning to survey; ie had a compass, and lie started to run the north line; and myself and Reuben Terrell and William Moore, started and run the three quarters of a mile south to the beginning corner; but he did not think he marked the beginning corner that day, for we had but cne tomahawk in the company, and George Wilson had taken that on the north line. But after measuring three quarters of a mile from the mouth of the creek, we then stopped and started to run the west line of Thompson's and Remey's surveys; this line he marked "thirdly," with a butcher knife, and made Thompson's corner and Remey's with said knife, and returned to the camp the same evening, near the mouth o! the creek, and there he met with George Wilson; and he furnished him with his field notes of the uorth linelof Remcy's survey, and we all went in company to the beginning, that he had ascer-

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Ellicott v. Pearl.]
tained the day before, and then made beginning corner with a tomahawk. We then etaaed and run the south line of Thompson's survey to the trace which was called Boone's trace, crossing it near the top of a ridge dividing the waters of Little and Big Raccoon ; that is what he now understands to be the waters of Big and Little Raccoon. Where he crossed the trace he was more particular, and marked the line more plain, and continued the line the length of the survey, and made the corner.
He recollected to have run over a ridge from the mouth of the creek to the beginning, and rose'a steep hill ; and after running the distance called for, made Thompson's corner, and continued the line to Remey's corner. Never has been at Remey's corner since. Described the trees at the corner. He did not think he crossed the creek in running the south line of Thompson's survey. The survey was thought to be at Raccoon creek, because it was intended to be there ; and it was thought to be there until itwas discovered to be Pond creek, through mistake; instead of Raccoon creek.
He discovered the mistake when he went to the mouth of Raccoon creek in company with George Thompson and John Wood; George Thompson and himself got John Wood to go and show us the nearest way to the mouth of -Raccoon creek; and when they got there, he told Thompson that was not the place he had made the survey; and. Thompson replied and said that Wood said that was thi. mouth of Raccoon creek. And at' that time lie held Allen's bond. for half ofThompson's survey, and.Thompson was about buying his interest in (he land ; and whcn he told him that wasnot ie-place he made the survey, Thompson told him lie would give him a certain sum for his interest, provided he would then make the survey there, which lie agreed to do; and Thompson said iflie would make the survey at that place, lie would hold the land from the way the patent had is-
sued, calling for the mouth of Raccoon creek; and that is the reason that in the obligation to Thompson that the waters of Raccoon is not named; but instead of Raccoon, the waters of Rockcastle was inserted ; for he told Thompson that he would not be responsible for the land at Raccoon creek; and he knew the other expression could be complied with, for he knew the survey was, made on Rockcastle.
John Kincaid and Jesse Shelton were present, when he marked the course on the west bank of Raccoon creek. He was not with
Charles Smith when he made the survey at Pond creek. Neither William Pearl nor Moore was with them. He was sent for and

SUPREME COURT.
[Ellicott v. Pearl.]
went to them, when they were near three miles from the course of the west bank. He did not tell William Smith where the beginning was, because Thompson had requested him not to do so. He has an interest in Remey's dam ;and it would be worth more if the survey could be established at Raccoon creek.
Has, since the original surveywvas made, been well acquainted with both places, and has no doubt the survey was made at Pond creek. He described the mouth of Pond and Raccoon creek particularly ; and he stated that he well recollected to have seen them when the original survey was commenced.
On being asked what lie knew about a survey in the name of Nathaniel Grigsby, of two thousand acres, lying on the north fork of Rockcastle creek, entered on the 10th day of March 1784, he answered:
"I made the entry, but had no knowledge of the place at that. time b.ut by information; but I employed William Henderson, a deputy surveyor, to make the, survey as above, and the following, to wit: Thomas 'Shelton. one thousand acres on a treasury warrant, No. 7746, as assignee of James Henderson, on the waters of Rockcastle, -to begin at Grigsby's south-east corner of his entry of two thousand acres, as above entered the 3d dayr of August 1784. Also, Thomas Shelton seven hundred acres on a treasury warrant, No. 7747; beginning at the beginifing corner of Grigsby's survey of two thousand acres; and it appears from record that Hendeson did make the said surveys, because I did obtain "patents for the same, and sold the same, with other lands, to the agents of Robert and Samuel Smith, but conveyed to the said Smiths by specialty, and acknowledged the same before the clerk of the court of appeals. Some time afterward a young nian by the name of Curry, applied to me to show the surveys of the land I had conveyed to said Smiths: I referred him to said William Henderson, and I understood Henderson did show said Curry said lands: and I also understood, from a Mr Forbes, who was employed as chain carrier, that said Henderson, with said Curry, run around the said land and fresh marked the lines. Some time afterward my brother and myself went on to a certain lick on an east-branch of Rockcastle, in order to bore for salt water: after working some time, and sinking down upwards of thirty feet, met with said Forbes, who then told us .wewere working within the lines of one of the surveys above described, wherein he had been' employed chain carrier for the purpose of ,freshmarking,. On receiving

JANUARY TERM 1836.

423,

(Ellicott v. Pearl.]
this information we quit our work and went and examined the survey under the direction of said Forbes, and went to the beginning cornev, it being two beeches, plainly marked ; and it appeared to correspond with the patent and things called for therein, namely, the lick and the trees standing on the north side of the branch ; and after examination we was so well satisfied that it was one of the aforesaid surveys,.and that we were working within the lines of said survey, we abandoned our work entirely. And this deponent further
sayeth that the two beeches described as the beginning of Nathaniel Grigsby's tract of two thousand acres, stand on a creek now known by the name of Pond creek, but an eastwardly branch of Rockcastle; and I think and believe that the survey of twenty-nine thousand acres of Jacob Remey, originally wade, does not interfere with the aforesaid surveys from the aforesaid considerations; and this deponent further sayeth not."
The demandants also read to the jury the survey made out by Lott Pitman,. which is also made a part of the bill of exceptions, by reference, and called said Pitman as a witness, who stated that he made out said plat, and that he. found the objects as stated, and that the statement in the notes to said plat he believes
to be substantially correct ; that he had counted the blocks chopped out of tie line running north from the mouth of Raccoon creek, that one, to wit, the one taken out the line nearest to the moiath of Raccoon creek, counted. to the date of a survey-made in 1786, and the one taken farthest off corresponded to a survey of 1785. That he had followed the marked line, running from the mouth of Raccoon creek to a corner, said to be Ballard Smith's corner; and that he found trees marked, as corner trees, corresponding with the call of Smith and Robert Rutherford's surveys. The plaintiff then read to him the surveys of Robert Rutherford, Ballard Smith, and asked him-if the old line did not correspond to these surveys: he answered it did, and that date of Robert Rutherford's survey corresponded with the first block, and that of Smith's to that of the second shown by
M'Neal. That the distance stated by M'Neal to the mouth of Raccoon,
where he cut out the first block, would, he thought, be in the line of Rutherford, and vhere lie said lie cut out the second block, would be in the line of Smith; he thought said witness stated that he had done much surveying in that part of the country ; had much experience in tracing old lines, and in coqnting the annulations of marked

424

SUPREME COURT.

[Ellicott v. Pearl.]
lines: and that he knew of no survey in that part of the country of the dates of 1785 or 1786, except the surveys of Rutherford, Ballard, Smith and Remey, that he had long known the line leading north, spoken of by the witness M'Neal, and had always heard it called Rutherford's line to his corner, and then Smith's line.
That Rutherford's land was settled, and those claiming under him claimed that line as one of his boundaries; said witness stated that he began at the mouth of 'Pond creek, and run a south line to the place shown where a white oak corner stood, and shown by Camp Mullins and others, and then run a west line for the dividing line between Thompson and Remey, and pursuing the line for some distance, he saw ancient marks, apparently made with a knife, that after he run some distance his compass left it, but, finding the line again, he pursued it until they crossed Boon's old trace; near to the trace, on both sides, he found the line marked more thickly; that the marked line, thua found, when reversed, would lead to about where
Mullins showed the place for the corner; thet the line run as aforesaid was not a west line, but was run on a vtEriation of nine degrees from the call. in the patent; that the ordinary variation of lines made, when Remey's purports to have been made, isabout three degrees.
The demandants then called Camp Mullins,- who stated that, a good many years ago, about twenty-four or twenty-five, hewas taken to the mouth of Pond creek to search for Remey's survey, with Charles Smith, the surveyor, Davis Caldwell, and Moore; said Moore said he was one. of the original chainmen; that they started at the mouth of Pond creek, and run south. until the surveyor told them the distance called in Remey's patent was out; and they then turned out to hunt for the corner; that he found a white-oak standing near to where.,the course and distance ended, plainly. -nd anciently marked as a corner -tree. That he 'ecollectedit was marked on the north and west sides, but could not say whether it was marked on the south side or not; that the white oak was of a commoIncabin log, and that near to the tree lay the trunk of a white oak not quite so large; that the top of the log was burnt so that no chops appeared
on it, but that they turned it over, and found the under sideplainly and anciently marked with three, chops, apparently done with the same tool that the standing tree had been marked with; that they then run north, and on the course of Remey's patent,,saw line trees plainly marked, that appeared oldi and to have been made about the same
time, and the same kind of tool that the white oak corner did; and

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Ellicott v. Pearl,]
that they run the west line and saw marks made with a knife, drawing-knife of some kind; that heAhowed the place where said trees were, to Lot Pitman and M'Neal, but that said tree and log are now gone, and a hole or hollow place is Visible yet, where he thinks the white oak stood.' That Moore, the chainman to Remey's original survey, is now dead.
That-on'the lines aforesaid there were many trees plainly marked, and might be easily discovered. by any person pursuing the courses, and also called Mullins, who stated that he was along with his brother Camp Mullins and others, when the the White oak tree was found, and stated the same that Camp Mullins did as to the tree log and lines.
The demandants then called Henderson, who stated that he had been on the ground and shown the place spoken bf by Mullins; that he had accompanied the.surveyor when running north from said tree: that they saw no line trees now standing, but he saw several trees standing near where the survey run, blazed ; that his object in going onthe ground (he being agent of demandants) .was to find marked trees on the, lines aforesaid, but after the most diligent search, neither he nor any other in company, could find any marked trees; that there were standing in the 'course of the line many trees. Pitman the surveyor made the same statement.
The defendant then called Jthn Crook, who stated' that about 1801, he had been. called on as deputy surveyor by James Kincaid, whose deposition demandants had read, to lay off Jacob Remey's survey, in'which said James Kincaid.claimed an interest; that he was taken to the place now claimed by defendants to be Remey's beginning corner, three quarters of a mile *south of the mouth of Raccoon creek, and shown by.said Kincaida white oak tree, or two white oak trees as corners, and told by said Kincaid that he had made the survey of Remey there; that he was directed by Kincaid to run the'diagonal line from that to the north-west. corner, to see if the survey would include a famous saltpetre cave then esteemed of great value, claimed by said Kincaid under said patent of Remey ; that he ran the line to a tree which Kincaid showed as a corner tree; that tree was newly marked and not chopped through the rough bark; and if itw.ere in reality a corner and the beginning also, the survey would include nearly forty thousand acres of surplus land; that in making the survey aforesaid he acted under an order of court in a suit in which Kincaid, the witness for demandants, was party or in-
VOL. x.--3 )

426

SUPREME COURT.

[Ellicott v. Pearl.]
interested; that Kincaid was interested in making Remey's patent. cover the salipetre cave, and that 'if Retney's survey was originally made at Pond creek, his patent boundary would approximate the sallpetre cave, three or four miles nearer than if the survey had been made to begin where Kincaid, then showed the beginning to him.
The defendant also called William Smith, who stated in substance what Cook stated, and further stated that Kincaid-said that he would make new lines look like ol'd ones, by putting aquafortis in the chops, and lie stated that the chops on the white oak corner appeared to be too old for 1798, but he could not .state how old it was; they were not doubting that it was shown as the corner by Kincaid that it was so ; did not count the annulations, and was then but little accusiomed to pursuing and hunting old lines; said witness stated that when they run the diagonal line as stated by Crook, to the northwest corner, he felt satisfied that the survey to run from RaccQon could not reach the saltpetre cave ; that to include7 the'cave seemed to be a principal object with Kincaid; that it was then a bone of contention between Kincaid' and others, and he himself was interested in defeating Kincaid in his attempt to include the cave by Remney's survey; that the cavewas then considered of great value by all; that Kincaid'had then got into possession of it, and was working it under Remey's patent; said witness further stated, as did the witness Cook, that Jo begin Remey's survey at the mouth of Pond creek, where Kincaid placed it in his deposition,-would place it several miles nearer to the saltpetre cave ; lie thought at least three or four miles nearer, and the same fact was proved by other witnesses.
Smith and Crook both'stated that the trees shown as aforesaid, by Kincaid, as Remey's beginning,- were marked as corner trees, such a's are called for in Remey's patent; that the marks had an ancient appearance ; as they were convinced it was the beginning corner, they could not pretend to judge from the appearance of the marks, the exact time the ma-rks were made, but they were confideit they must have been made many years before 1798.
The defendants then called Titus Mershon, who stated that at times he could not state, but thought several years since 1801, or, the time ipoken of by.Crook and Smith ; that Kincaid, the witness, told him that in the division of Remey's survey, he, Kincaid, had got the north end and worst land, and desired the witness to let Pearl know, that if he did not copsent to a division, that he would prove the survey at the mouth of Pond creek ; that he could prove

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Ellicott v. Pearl.]
it at either place, for he had made a survey of it, bothat the mouth of Pond creek, and at the mouth of Raccoon creek ; that at another time, and subsequent to the conversation first detailed, Kincaid offered to him to buy state warrants in the name of the witness, and lay them upon Pearl's land or Remey's survey, and Ihat lie would prove Remey's survey at the mouth .of Pond crcel ; and that he, Kincaid, and the witness, Mershon, would divide the land between them ; that no one was present at these conversations ; the witness said that he rejected the proposition of Kincaid, and Kincaid .said if he would not others would. Ile, the witness, said that Kincaid went on to remark to him, that when lie made the survey at Raccoon creek, his brother-in-law, Wilson, was in company, and he, Kincaid, informed the witness how it happened, that the corner three-quarters of a mile from the mouth of Raccoon creek had not been made on a true south course, and why the line had not been properly mar ked ; lie said the ground, or some of it, was so they could not run over it, and they took offiets and lost their reckoning; and Kincaid said that when they so run from the mow i of Raccoon to the beginning corner, some of the company went on one side of the creek, and some on the other ; the witties:es all concurred in proving that ever since Pearl sPttied in 1801, le and hose hold iig tUinder him, have claimed tie land in coiv e.. under tli16 patcti of Remey. The demandants tien i:alled Lot Pitma n, who slaled that flow about the place spoken of by Crook and Smith, and shown to them as the place of beginning fi' Reiey and T'omp! ons survey, and where they saw a white oak corner, he had run a Weir line ihe distance called for in Thompson's patent, at lhe end of which lie Ibmiid corner" trees standing, marked to correspotld with TIhoiupson's patent ; t hat he had cut or seen cut out of the said line several blocks; the an-. nulations of which counted back to 1798. Said witness stated, that to begin at Pond creek and run south the dlislance called for in Remey's patent, to the place shown by Mullins, where tIt white oak corner stood, the line did not cross Rockcastle and land on the west side of that stream ; that Rockcastle, at its junction with Pond creek, was narrow, and Pond crdek appeared wide, but that Rockcastle run, he thought, double the water that Pond creek did ; said witness also stated, as did M'Ncal, that to run the course of Remey's patent south from the mouth of Raccoon creek, the distance called for, crossed Raccoon creek three times, and ended on the east side of the creek, and about fifty poles from the place stated by Smith and

SUPREME COURT.

[Ellicott v. Pearl.]

Crook, as shown by Kincaid in 1801, for the beginning corner of

Remey and Thompson's surveys; said witness stated, and so did

M'Neal, that these two streams emptied into the east fork of ]Rock-

castle river, called Raccoon, the one called Big Raccoon and the other

Little Raccoon ; that the stresm where Pearl claimed the survey to

be, was called Big Raccoon creek; that Little Raccoon empties into

Rockcastle, about two miles below Big Raccoon'. The defendants

then called CampMullins,who stated, that the white oak corner at the

-mouth of Pond creek, of which he had spoken, and the line running

north from it, appeared to be marked with a tomahawk, and also

-

Mullins, his brother, who stated the same.

The foregoing being the substance of the evidence given on both

sides, the plaintiffs offered to prove, by witnesses, that.William Moore,

whose name is put down as one of the- original, chain carriers in

making Remey's survey, was dead, and that he attended the wit-

ness, Camp Mullins, about twenty-four or twenty-five years ago,

when Charles Smith run.from the mcuth of Pond creek to the white

oak tree, and also run the line north running from the mouth of Pond

creek, and that while at the corner and running the line, he declared

that to be the corner made by Kincaid and the line run by Wilson by

the direction of Kincaid for Remey's original survey, and also to prove

what said decedent, chainman, had stated to others relative to the

boundary of Remey's patent, and the making of the original survey,

since the settlement and possession of Pearl on the land in contro-

versy. To the giving the statement and declarations of said chain

carrier, though proven to be dead, while at the corner and on the

line, or at any other time or place since the survey was made, the

defendant objected as incompetent evidence for any purpose in this

cause, and his objection was sustained by the court, and the declaia-

tion of the deceased chain carrier was'not permitted to be given in

evidence. To the which opinion of the court, in refusing the evidence

or any part of it, the demandants excepted, and prayed the court to

sign and seal this their bill of exceptions. (No. 1.)

lfenzorandum.-After the defendant had given in evidenr.6 the

conversations and declarations of Jame's Kincaid, with the witnesses,

Mershon, Smith, and others, with a view to discredit it, Kincaid, and to show that he had stated that survey was mrade by him at the

mouth of Raccoon for Remey when it was his interest to place it at

Pond creek, as it might then with !ess surplus -include the saltpetre

cave. The demandants, with a view to sustain Kincaid, and to

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Ellicott v. Pearl.]
report the statements going to show his interest, offered witnesses to prove the statements and conversations of Kincaid, and corresponding with the statements made in his deposition, relative to his making the surveys of Thompson and Remey: to the giving such statements and conversations in evidence for the purpose aforesaid, or any other, the defendants objected; upon which the court inquired of the counsel for the demandants, whether the statements of Kincaid, which he proposed to give in evidence, were made prior or subsequent to the time when the statements to the contrary were made by him, as given in evidence by the tenants: to which he ar.swered he did not know, but he supposed subsequent; and thereupon the objection was sustained by the court, and the evidence excluded; to which opinion of the ccurt the demandants exrcept and pray, &c. (No. 2.)
The defendant, to prove the boundaries of the demandants, as laid down on the plat and claimed by them, give in evidence the original plats and certificates of surveys of James Kincaid's two thousand and one thousand acres surveys, and then examined demandants' witness, M'Neal, the same perscn first introduced by them to prove their boundary, who stated that the water courses, as found on the ground, did notIcorrespond with those represented in said plats; and after being examined by demandants' counsel, for the purpose of proving that the marks on the trees claimed by them as the corner and lines'of their surveys were as ancient as said surveys; and also as to the position and otherwise of the lines and corners claimed by them, and represented on the plat made in this cause and used before on this trial, stated on the cross-examination of the defendants' counsel, that some of the lines trees marked to suit the calls of said surveys, appeared to be younger, and others, from their appearance, might be as old as the date of said plats; and the plaintiff to counieract this evidence, and to sustain his claim, offered in evidence the following survey made out by M'Neal, in an action of ejectment formerly depending between the same parties, and for the same land in this court, which he obtained from the papers in that cause in the progress of this trial; demandants proved that the tenant Pearl had notice of the time of the making said survey. To the reading of which report for the purpose aforesaid or for any other in evidence in this cause, the defendant objected, and the court refused so much of said report as stated the appearance as to age and otherwise of the lines and corners, &c., to go in evidence to jury, and caused to be

SUPREME COURT.
[Ellicott v. Pearl.]
erased from the plat the following words [here words erased or underscored were inserted], and permitted tie balance of the report and plat to go in evidence. To which opinion of the court in refusing the remarks, and notes of the surveyor, M'Neal, to be given in evidence as aforesaid, the demandants except, and pray the court to si -n, &c. this their bill of exceptions. (No. 3.)
The evidence being closed, the. demandants moved the court to instruct the jury, that if they believe, from tie evidence, that the survey. of Jacob Remey, and the adjoining survey of George Thompson, was in point of fact made at the mouth of Pond creek, by beginning at or near the letter L on tile plat, that the law locates the patent on. the ground where it was actually surveyed, notwithstanding the call or reference in said patents, or of either of them, to the mouth of Raccoon creek; and if they find that the patent of Remey, as surveyed, does not interfere with the claim of'the plaintiffs, that they ought to find for the plainrtiff, unless they find that defendants have had possession by an actual residence or fence, within the patent of plaintiffs, thirty years or more next before the bringing of these.
This instruction the court ov'errulqd as moved, but struck out the word fence and inserted in the stead thereof, Ile words "improvements with the intention of taking possession."
Tile instruction, go amended, was givern to the jury, and the jury were also informed by the couri, that the tapping or cutting the sugar trees for the purpose of making sugar, and so using them, and the land, would not avail the tenant undcr the act of. limitations. The demandatits further moved the court to instruct the jury as follows : 2d. To instruct the jury that the settlement of William Pearl at or near the 1I, as dcsignated on the plat in 1S00, outside of the patents ,-der which the demandants claim, does not give any defence or limitation to the demandants' right to recover, though he settled within what he supposed to be Remey's claim, unless they find that Remey's survey, as actually made, and on which his patent issued, includes said settlement and the patent under which demandants claim. 3d. That unless they find that. Remey's survey covers the patents under which the plaintiffs claim, that the settlement of M'Cammon within the two thousand does not give a claim to a possession within the one thousand acre patent: nor does the possession within the one thousand acre patent give any possession Within the two thousand acres.
That as to the two thousand acres the statute iruns as to that from

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Ellicott v. Pearl.]
the time a possession was taken by an actual residence or by fencing, and the same as to the one thousand ; consequently that if they find that one has been thus possessed adversely for thirty years next before the bringing of this suit, and the other not ; that as to the other not so held, they should find against such defendants as were withii such parent at the date of the demandants' writ, provided, these settlements are not included in Remey or Thompson's"as originally surveyed.
4th. To instruct the jury that if they find from the evidence that James Kincaid, the surveyor of Remey-and Thompson did in point of fact mak:e the surveys of Remey and Thompson, or cause them to be made, and the patents issued.thereon, beginning at or near the mouth of Pond creek, as designated on the connected plat, and that after he 'returned the certificate of survey and patents issued thereon, marked or caused to be marked, surveys with lines or corners to correspond with the calls of the patents at Raccoon creek, that such marking or surveying is utterly void and vests no title whatever in Remey, or his alienee, notwithstanding such surveys or marking may include the land in contest,
5th. -That if they find Kincaid's beginning corner to be as represented on the plat, that then, as to this controversy, his surveys are properly laid down.
The court overruled the instructions, number three, but give the other three instructions.
To which decisions of the court in refusing to give to the jury xe demandants' instructign, No. 1, as.moved; and.in refusing to give to the jury their instructions, No. 3 ; the demandants by their counsel excepted, at the time of the decisions, and now prayed that their bill of exceptions might be signed, sealed and enrolled, &c.
.After the demandants had moved for the instructions stated in their fourth bill of exceptions, the defendant moved the following instructions.
1. That. to enable the demandants to recover, they must have proved, to the satisfaction of the jury, that they, or those under'whom they claim, have had seisin of the land in contest within thirty years next before the.commencement of their suits.
2.. That if they find, from the evidence, that Remey's patent includes the land in contest, they must find for the tenants.
3. That if.they find, from the evidence, that Remey's patent does

SUPREME COURT.
[Ellicott v. Peaxl.]
not cover the land in contest, yet if they find, from the evidence, that the tenants, or any of them, or those claiming under them, or any of them, have had possession of the land in contest for thirty years next before the commencement of the demandants' suits, they must find for the tenants.
4. That the plat and certificate of survey of Nathaniel Grigsby, upon which the patent for two thousand acres issued, is evidence, though not conclusive, of the objects notqd by the surveyor, which the court gave, except the first instruction -moved for by defendants, to Which opinion of the court, in giving the second, third, fourth, fifth and sixth instructions, moved by the defendant as aforesaid, the demandants excepted, &c.
The demandants prosecuted this writ of error.
-The case was argued by Mr Underwood, and by Mr Hardin, for the plaintiffs in error. No counsel appeared for the defendant.
Mr Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the court. This is a writ of error to the judgment of the circuit court for the district of Kentucky, upon a writ of right, sued forth on the 17th of January 1831 ; in which the plaintiffs in error were the demandants. The proceedings are in the form .prescribed by the statute of Kentucky ; and the cause was tried upon the issue joined by the parties. There were several writs of right against other tenants of distinct parcels of the same tract of land, held by the tenants, respectively, under a common title; and all of them were tried at the same time, by consent of the parties; as the same evidence was applicable to each. The demandants claimed title through intermediate conveyances to a tract of land of two thousand acres, lying on the east fork of Rockcastle, in Lincoln county, under a patent granted to James Kincaid, by the commonwealth of Kentucky, dated the P'd day of February 1796; and also another tract. of land, containing one thousand acres, on the waters of Rockcastle, on the south side and contiguous to that of two. thousand, on a like patent, dated on the same day. The tenants claimed title to the premises under a patent from the commonwealth of Virginia, to Jacob Remey, of twenty thousand acres of land, lying on the waters of Rockcastle, dated on the 15th of July 1789. Remey, on the 20th of November 1799, conveyed thirteen thousand four hundred acres of the same tract to William Edwards:

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Ellicott v. Pearl.]
and Edwards, on the 26th of December 1799, conveyed seven thousand acres of the same tract, by metes and bounds, to William Pearl, the tenant, under whom all the other tenants claim; The conveyance to Pearl comprehends all the land in controversy; and the same land is also included in the patents to Kincaid.
At the trial, evidence was introduced by the tenants to prove that in 1800, Pearl entered into and settled on the tract of land so conveyed to him, intending to take possession of the whole tract; and that he, and those claiming under him, have had possession of the same land ever since, and have-always claimed to hold the land under Remey's patent. Evidence was also introduced to prove, that James M'Cammon (whose name is mentioned, as we shall hereafter see, in the bill of exceptions), moved his family and settled on a part of the land in controversy, either in the year 1800 or 1801, under a purchase from Pearl; but how much land he purchased or held did not appear; and about two years afterwards, by some arrangements between them, M'Cammon took some other part of Pearl's land, in the sarhe tract, and Pearl took the place where M'Cammon had settled. Pearl's original settlement was a little outside of the southern bounds of Kincaid's thousand acre tract; between Sugar Camp branch and Rockcastle: and M'Cammon's original settlement was within Kincaid's two thousand acres, south of Moore's creek.
The demandants then introduced evidence to show that Remey's patent did not cover the lands patented to Kincaid, but that it covered land at or near the mouth of Pond creek; and that the survey of Remey was in fact. made on Pond creek, (which was outside of the western boundary of Kincaid's patent), as the beginning corner, under a mistake that it was Raccoon creek. If so made, it was clear, from the plea, that Remey's survey was surveyed off the land in controversy.
The foregoing are all the portions of the evidence which seem necessary to be stated in order fully to understand the bearing of the questions made at the trial.
The first question was upon the admissibility of the evidence of witnesses, offered by the demandants, to prove that one Moore, whose name was put down asone of the original chain carriers, in making Remey's survey, was dead; and that, he attended with the witness,
.Cantp Mullins, -about twenty-four or twenty-five years ago, when one Charles Smith run from the mouth of Pond creek to the white -oak-tree, and.also run the line north from the mouth of Pond creek:
VOL. X.--3 E

SUPREME COURT.
[Ellicott v. Pearl.]
and while at the corner and runnin)g the line, he declared that to be the corner made by Kincaid (the surveyor), and the line run by Wilson, by the direction of Kincaid, for Remey's original survey: and also to prove what Moore had said to others relative to the boundary of Remey's patent, and the making of the original survey, since the settlement and possession of Pearl on the land in controversy. This evidence being objected to, was rejected by the court: and this constitutes the matter of the first exception of the demandants.
We are of opinion that the evidence was properly rejected. It was 'not merely hearsay, but hearsay not to matters of general reputation, or common interest among many, but to specific parts, viz. (lte m,.enner and place of running the boundary lines of Remey's patent. The general rule is, thht evidence, to be admissible, should be given under the sanction of an oath, legally administered ; and in iTjudicial proceeding, depending between the parties affected by it, or those who stand in privity of estate, or interest with them. So it was laid down by Lord Kenyon, in his able opinion in the King v. Enswell, 3 T. Rep. 721. Certain exceptions have, howe.ver, been. ailowed, which perhaps may be as old as the rule itself. But these exceptions stand upon peculiar grounds; and, as was remarked by Lord Ellenborough in Weeks v. Sparke, I M. & Selw. 686;, the admission of hearing evidence, upon all occasions, wheiher in matters of public or private right, is somewhat of an anomaly. Hearsay -is admitted in cases of pedigree; of prescriptive rights and customs ; and some other cases of a public or quasi public nature. In cases of pedigree, it is admitted upon the ground of necessity, or the great difficulty, and sometimes the impossibility of proving remote facts of this sort by living witnesses. But in these cases it is only admitted, when the tradition comes from persons intimately connected, or in close relalion with the family; or from sources of a kindred nature, which, ini a general sense, may be said to import verity ; there being no lis nota or other interest to affect the credit of their statement. So the lawv was expounded by Lord Kenyon in The King v. Enswell, 3 Term Rep. 723, and by Lord Eldon in Vowvles v. Young, 13 Ves. 143,.ard inWhitlocke v. Baker, 13 Ves. 514.
In cases of prescriptive rights and customs, and other claims of a public nature, tradition and reputation have been in like manner admitted.. They are all cases of a general right, aflcting a number of persons, having a common interest. . in Morehead v.Wood, 14 East's Rp. 329 (note), Lord Kenyon state( the general ground of

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Ellicot v. Pearl.]
this exception .thus: "evidence of reputation upon general points is receivable, because all mankind being interested therein, it is natural to suppose, that they may be conversant with the subjects, and that they should discourse together al)out them, having all the .same means of information." " But," he says, "how can this apply to private titles, either with regard to particular customs or private prescriptions ? How is it possible for strangers to know any thin- that concerns only their private titles ?" Lord Ellenborough, in Weeks v. Sparke, I M. & Selw. 686, commenting on this distinction between public and private rights, said, " I confess myself at a loss fully to understand upon what principle, even in matters of public right, reputation was ever deemed admissible evidence. It is said, indeed, that upon questions of public right al are interested, and must be presumed conversant with them ; and that -is the distinction taken. between public and private rights. But I must confess I have not been able to see the force of the principle, on which that distinction is founded, so clearly as others have done ; though I must admit its existence." And in that case, which was the case of the claim of a prescriptive right to common by the defendants, as appurtenant to a messuage; evidence of reputation was admitted on the part of the plaintiff to qualify that right, because the right in some sense partook of the i'ature of a public right, as it was understood, that there were other persons standing in par jure with the defendant ; and, therefore, it was a cquestion between the plaintiff, and a multitude of persons. And, indeed,.the distinction seems now clearly established in England,.thmt hearay,.or reputation, or tradition, is not admissible in cases of mere private riglhts ; but only in cases of public rights, or those quasi publici, involving similar interests by a number of persons. (a) Perhaps a reason may be found which, upon general principles, would well support this distinction. It is, that in regard to private rights, the acts, possession and assert:on of title by the-parties claiming for themselves are, in all cases, susceptible of direct proof; but in cases of public rights, the acts, possession and assertion of title by many persons, not in privity with each other, cannot be explained or qualified to be in furtherance of acommon public right; unless the evidence of general reputation were admissible to explain the intention and objects of the parties in those acts, or that possession or as-
(a) See Morehead v. Wood, 13 East's Rep. 327, note, 329; 1 Phillips on Enid. ch. 7, sect. 7, third ed. p. 190.; 1 Stark. Ev. 32, scco"' 1 London ed.; Don v. Thomas, 14 East's Rep. 323 ; Freeman v. Phillipq, 4 M. & Seiw. 491.

SUPREME COURT.
[Ellicott v. Pearl.]
sertion of title : thatis to say, whether done in furtherance of a common right, or of a private right.
It is. upon the ground of this same distinction, that general reputation is admitted in England in cases of disputed boundaries between parshes and-manors: because the right affects many persons, and is ol public nutoriety and interest as to all the inhabitants of the parish or manor.(a) And yet, in England, it has been held, at ntisi prius, (though the point has riot been settled by the highest auIhority) that general reputation as-to the boundaries between private estates is not admissible evidence. That was so held by Baron Graltim, in Clothier v. Chapman ; cited in 14 East's Rep. 331, note.(b) The doctrine in America, in respect to boundaries, has gone further ; and has admitted evidence of general reputation as to boundaries between contiguous private estates ;(c)-but there it has stopped.
These are the principal, if not the only classes'of cases, in which hearsay and reputation have been deemed admissible evidence. The exclusion of it, in other cases, stands-upon the general conside'ration that it is not upon oath ; that the party affected 6y it has no oppor-. .tunity of cross-examination ; that it often supposes bette r evidence behind ; that it is peculiarly liable to be obtained by fraudulent contrivances; and above all, that it is exceedingly infirm, unsatisfactory and intrinsically weak in its very nature and character. On these accounts judges in fibodern times have leaned against any extension of it, as being subversive of the security of the titles of parties to property : for upon a strict adhereude to the rules of evidence that security must essentially depend. Thiswill be clearly seen by what fell from the court in The King v. Enswell, 3 T. R. 707. In that case Mr Justice Buller, though in favour of the admission of the evidence upon the ground of authority,' said : "the true line for courts to adhere to is, wherever evidence, not on oath, has been repeatedly received and sanctioned by judicial determinations, it shall Ite allowed ; but beyond that, the rule that no evidencu shall be admitted.but what is upon oath, shall be observed." The doctrine of the other judges, on that occassion, went to the same extent. In Doe v.
(a) Nichols v. Parker, cited 14 East's Rep. 331, note; Paxton v. Dare, 10 B. & Cres. Rep. 17.
(b) See also 1 Stark. Ev. p. 33, 34, second London ed.; Phillips on Ev. ch. 7, .ect. 7, p. 189, 190, third ed. But see laries v. Mawson, 1 M. & Selw. 77, S1.
(c) See Cahtijan v. Presbyterian Congregation, 6 Binn. 59; Conn v. Penni I Peters's C. Rep. 4!Xi, ;M1, 512. See also The King v, Enswell, 3 T. Rep. 719.'

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Ellicott v. Pearl.]
Thomas, 14'E~st's Rep. 323, the court held, evidence of reputation, that the land had belonged to J. S. and was purchased of him by the first testator, though coupled with corroborative parol evidence that the same had belonged .to J. S., was inadmissible; upon the ground that reputation was not admissible to prove the ownership of private property. (a) And Mr Chief Justice lansfield, in delivering his opinion in the case of the Berkeley Peerage, (4 Campb. Rep. 414, 445), after stating that by the general rule of law, nothing said by any person can be used as evidence between contending parties unless it is delivered on oath, in the presence of those parties; said, ,with two exceptions this is adhered to in all civil cases: first, on the trial of rights of common and other rights claimed by prescription: and secondly, on questions of pedigree." Perhaps this enumeration will, upon close examination, be foun'4 too narrow; but it shows the strictness with which the exception in favour of hearsay tradition and reputation is constantly construed, as being against the general prinqiples of evidence.
In this court a like restricted doctrine has been maintained. In Mima Queen v. Hepburn, 7 Cranch 290, Mr Chief Justice Marshall, in delivering the opinion of the court, said, "if other cases (of hearsay) standing on sinilar principles should arise, it may well be doubted, whether justice and the general policy of the law, would warrant the creation of new exceptions. The danger of admitting hearsay evidence, is sufficient to admonish courts of justice against lightly yielding to the introduction of fresh exceptions tb an old and well established rule; the value of which is felt and acknowledged by all."
These, and other cases also, fully justify the conclusion, (which is indeet' stated by elementary writers) that in order to authorize the admission of hearsay evidencei (except in cases of pedigree) three things must generally concur : first, that the fact to which the reputationor tradition applies, must be of a public nature : secondly, if the rel~utation or tradition relate to the exercise of a right or privilege, it must be supported by acts of enjoyment or privilege within the period of living memory: thirdly, that it must not be reputation or traditionary declarations to a particular fact. (b)
(a) See Blarkett v. Lowes, 2 M. & Selw. 494. (b) See 1 Starkie's Evidence 32, 35, second London 'edition ; I Phillips on Evidence, ch. 7, see. 7, p. 178, 192; Morewood v. Wodd, 14 Easts Rep. 327, note.

SUPREME CC 1T.
[Ellicott v.Pearl.]
This last qualification is most important in the present case, as it applies directly to it, and is established by clear and decisive authority. In Antram v. Wood, 5 Term Rep. 123, lord Kenyon said, "although a general right may be proved by traditionary evidence, yet a particular fact cannot :" and Mr Justice Grace (the only other judge then in court) concurred in that opinion. That was a case where hearsay evidence was offered to establish the identity of lands, and thereby a right to the coals in them ; and it was held inadmissible. The same doctrine was recognized by lord Ellenborough, in Weeks v. Sparke, I M. & Solw. 687; whelre, referring to evidence of perambulations; he-admitted that they were not evidence of a particular act done, as that such a turf was dog, or such a post put down in a particular spot. So Mr Chief Justice Mansfield, in his opinion on the Berkeley Peerage case, 4 Camp. Rep. 415, after alluding to the evidence of what dead men have said, as to the reputation of a right of way, common and the like, said, "a declaration, ,vith regard to a particular fact, which would -support or negative the right, is inadmissible." Even in cases nearly approaching to those of pedigree, where hearsay is admissible of particular facts, such as marriages, births and deaths, and their respective times ; it has been held, that hearsay as to'the place of birth, is not admissible ; for it turns upon a single fact, that of locality, and that ought to be proved by the ordinary course of evidence. Rex v. Erith, 8 East's Rep. 539. In Mima Queen v. Hepburn, 7 Cra.ncn 290, the court decided, that hearsay evidence was not admissible to prove a specific fact, although the witnesses to the. fact were dead ; and, therefore, evidence of hearsay that the aicestor of a person, suingr for freedom, was free, was held inadmissible. The same point was again decided in Davis v. Wood, I Wheat. 6,- 3 Cond. Rep. 465.
Upon these doctrines and authorities, we are of opinion, that the evidence in the plesent exception stated, was rightly rejected. It was evidence not to general reputation as to boundary ; but to particula" facts and circumstances attendant upon the original making of Remey's survey.
The next exception is founded upon the refusal of the court to permit testimony to be given of the declarations of. one Kincaid (the surveyor of Remey's survey), under tile following circ'unstances : Kincaid had been examined as a witness for the deniandants, (by way of dbposiiion) ald the telianl ., thereupon, gave )nevidence the conversations anddecla rations of Killcaid,-to cerita iii winiesses, in order

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Ellicott v. Pearl.]
to discredit his (Kincaid's) testimony, and to show that he had stated, that the'survey was made by him, at the mouth of Raccoon creek, for Remey, when it was his interest to place it at Pond creek. The demandants then,. with a view to sustain Kincaid, and to support the statements going to his interest, offered witnesses to prove the statements and conversations of Kincaid at other times, corresponding with the statements made in his deposition, relative to his making the surveys of Thompson and Remey; and it being suggested b rthe demandants, upon an inquiry fromn the court, that these statements and conversations were sutbsequent to those testified to by the tenants' witnesses; the court, upon an objection taken by the tenants, excluded the -evidence. In our opinion, the evidence was rightly excluded.
Where witness proof has been offered against tie testimony of a witness under oath, in order to impeach his veracity, establishing that he has given a different accomt at another time, we 'are of opinion that, in general, evidence is not, adinissihle, in order to confirm his testimiony, to piove that at other times he has givel the same account as he has tunder oath,; for it is but his mere declaration of the fact ; and that is not evidence. His testimony under oath is better evidence than his confirmatory declarations not tunder oath ;.and the repetition of his assertions does not carry his eredibitity further, if so far as his oath. We say in general, because there are exceptions ; but they are of a peculiar nature, not applicable to the circumstances of the present case as where the testimony is assailed as a fabrication of a recent date, or a complaint recently inade ; for there, in order to repeL such imputlation, proof.of the antecedent declaration of the party may be admitted..
It is trite, that in Lutlerel v. Reynell, 1 Mod. Rep. 282, it was held, that thotigh hearsay be not allowVed as dir~ct evidence, yet it may be admitted in corroboration of a witness's testinony, to Show that lie airmed he same thing, ipon owher occasions, and that he is still constalit to himself. Lord Chief Baron Gilbert lias asserted the same opinion, in his Ticatise on Evilctie, page 135. But Mr Justice Buller, in his Nisi P'ins Treatise, page 94, saks, " but
clearly it is not evidence in chief; and it seems doubtful whether it is so in reply or ntt." The same qtitc;tion came before the htouee of lords, in the Berkeley Peerage case ; and itwas there said by lord Redesdale, that he liad always understood that for the lrpose of impugning the testinony of a witkness, iis declarations at another time might be inquired into; but not for the purpose of confirming

SUPREME COURT.
[Ellicott v. Peaw].]
his evidence. 'Lord Eldon expressed his decided opinion, that this was the true rule to be observed by the counsel in the cause.(a) Lord Chief Justice Eyre is also represented to have rejected such evidence ; when offered on behalf of the defendant-in a prosecution for forgery.(b) We think this is not only the better, but the true opinion ; and well founded on the general principles of evidence. There is this additional objection to the admission of the confirmatory evidence in the present case, that it is of subsequent declarations ; which would enable the witness at any time to control the effect of the former declarations, which lie w!as concious that he had made, and which he might now have a motive to-qualify or weaken, or destroy.
In the farther progress of the cause, the tenants,, in order to prove the boundaries of. the demandants' land, as laid down in the plat, and claimed by them; gave in evidence the original plats and certificates of survey of Kincaid's two thousand and one thousand acre tracts; and then examined M'Neal, a witness of the demandants, who was. first introduced to prove their boundary: who stated that the water courses, as found on the ground, did not correspond with those represented on the said plats: and after being examined by the demandants,for thepurpose of proving that the marks on the trees; claimed by them as the corner and lines of their surveys, were as ancient as the said surveys, and also as to the position and other*wise of the. lines and corners claimed by them, dnd represented on the plat made and-used at the trial ; stated, on the cross examination of the tenants' counsel, that some of the lines, marked to suit the *calls of the said surveys, appeared to be.younger, and others, from their appearance, might be as old as the date of the said plats. The demandants, to counteract this-evidence, and to sustain their claim.; offeted in evidence a survey, made out by M'Neal, in an. action of ejectment formerly depending between the same parties for the same land,.of which survey Pearl had due notice. The tenants objected to the reading of the explanatosy report accompanying this survey, and the court refused to allow so much thereof as stated the appearance as to age and otherwise of thp lines and corners to go in evidence to the jury; and accordingly caused -to be erased from the plat the words following, viz. "ancient" (chops);-" John Forbes, Jun.,
(a) Cited in I Phillips on -Ividonce. h. 8, page 213, note, [230 note] ; 1 Starkie's Evidence 187, second London edition, and n9te (n).
(b) Ibid..

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Elleiott v. Pearl.)
states he cut the same letters and figfures ;"-" on the east side, the chops appear to have been marked with a larger axe, than the chops on the beginning tree ;"-and then permitted the residue of the report and plat to go in evidence. This constitutes the third exception of the demandants.
We are of opinion, that there Was no error in this refusal of the court. Strictly speaking, the deinandants had no right, upon the principles already stated, to give in evidence any other prior statements of M'Neal to confirm his'testimony. But, in truth, the evidence was offered to discredit, in part, his present testimoy: and certainly the demandants were not at liberty to discredit their own witness by showing his former declarations on the same subject; though they might show by other witnesses that he was mistaken. But independent of these objections, the evidence was inadmissible upon general principles. It was. mere hearsay. The survey, made by a surveyor, being under oath, is evidence as to all things which are properly within tho line of his duty. But his dtity is confined to describing. and marking on the plat, the lines, corners, trees, and other objects on the ground, and to subjoin such remarks as may explain them : but in all other respects, and as to all other facts, he stands, like any othe vitness, to be examined on oath in the presence of the parties; and subject to cross examination. The reasorf why a survey, made by a public surveyor in discharge of his public duties, is admitted as evidence in suits between other parties, is, not that it is hearsay; but that the act is officially done under oath, and in discharge of his duties to the government and the public. But it has-never been supposed, that if in such a survey the surveyor should go on to state collateral facts, or declarations of the parties, or other matters, not within the scope of his proper official functions ; he could thereby make them evidence as between third persons.
In the further progress of the trial, the demandants, after the evidence was closed on both sides, moved the court to instruct the jury that if they believed, from the evidence, that t.be survey of Remey and the adjoining survey of Thompson, were, in point of fact, made at the mouth of Pond Creek, by beginning at or near the lefter L, on the plat, that the law locates the patent on the ground where it was actually surveyed, notwithstanding the call or reference on the said patents, or eit her of them, to [for] the mouth of Raccoon creek; and if they found that the patent of Remey, as surveyed, does not. interfere with the claim of the demandants, that they ought to finc,
VOL. x.-3 F

SUPREME COURT.
[Ellieott v. Pearl.]
for the demandants ; unless they find that the defendants have had possession by an actual residence or fence within the patent of the demandants thirty years or more before the bringing of these [suits]. The court refused to give this instruction, as moved; but gave the instruction as moved after substituting for the word "feice" the words "improvements with the intention of taking possession." To which refusal the demandants excepted.
It is wholly unnecessary for us to consider whether the.instruction, as given, is maintainable in point of law or not; and the only question is, whether the refusal to give it as prayed for, was incorrect. But this resolves itself i'nto the point, whether it is absolutely necessary to constitute a possession of land, sufficient to bar an adverse title thereto under the statute of limitations limiting writs of right to thirty years, that -there should be an actual residence or fence by the party claiming the benefit of the statute ; that is, an actual residence on the lapo, or a pedis possessio of it'by an enclosure. The argument in support of the instruction, as prayed, assumes that there can be no possession to defeat an adverse title, except in one or other of these ways; that is, by an actual residence, or an actual enclosure: a doctrine wholly irreconcilable with principle and authority. Nothing canbe more clear, than that a fence is not indispensable to constitute possession of a tract of land. The erection of a fence, is nothing more than an act presumptive of an intention to assert an .ownership and possession over the property. But there are many
other acts, which are equally evincive of such an intention of asserting such ownership and possession: such as entering upon land and making improvements thereon; raising a crop of corn; felling and selling the trees thereon, &c. ; under colour of title.
An entry into possession of a tract of land, under a deed containingspecific metes and bounds, gives a constructive possession of the whole tract, if not. in any adverse possession ; although there may be no fence or enclosure round the ambit of the tract, and an actual residence only on a part of it. To constitute actual possession, it is not necessary that there should be any fence or enclosure of the land. If authority were necessary for so plain a proposition, it will be found in the case of Moss v. Scott, 2 Dana's Kent. Rep. 275; where the court say, tlat " it is well settled that there may be a' possession. in fact of land fiot actually enclosed by the possessor." But this subject will naturally arise.and be considered more fully under the next instruction prayed for : and it is only necessary to say, that we per-

TANUARY TERM 1830.
[Ellicott v. Pearl.].
ceive no error in the refusal of the court to give that which was here prayed for.
The demandants then prayed the court to instruct the jury "that unless they find that Remey's survey covers the patents under which the demandants claim, the settlement of M'Carmnon within the two thousand acres does not give a claim to a possession within the one thousand acres patent ; nor does the possession within the one thousand acres patent give any possession' within the two thousand acres patent. That, as to the two thousand acres, the statute runs as to that from the time a possession was taken by an actual residence, or by fencing; and the same as to the one thousand acres: consequently, that if they [the jury] find that one- has been thus possessed adversely for thirty years next before the bi'inging of this suit, and the other not; that as to the other not so held, they should find against such tenants as were within such patents at the date of the demandants' writ; provided these settlements are not included in, Remey's or Thompson's surveys, as originally surveyed."
The latter part of this instruction as prayed, is disposedof by the considerations already suggested under the preceding head. The other part may require some further explanations, in order to show its bearing and pressure. The tractof seven thousand acres conveyed by Edwards to Pearl, included, as has been already stated, both of the tracts of two thousand acres and one thousand acres claimed by the demandants, within its boundaries. The house and settlemn'ent of Pearl were on the southern side of the one thousand acres tract ; and the house and settlement of M'Cammon were witlhin the two thousand
acres tract, a'd near the centre of the eastern line of that tract. Pearl entered into possession of the seven thousand acres tract under his deed from Edwards ; and as that deed described the tract by metes and bounds, Pearl must, upon the principles already stated, be deemed to have been in possession of the whole tract; unless some part of it was, which is not sh6wn, in the adverse possession of some other claimant. In short, his entry be'ing under colour of title by deed, his possession is deemed to extend to the.bounds of that deed ; although his actual settlement and improvements were on a small parcel only of the tract. In such a case, where there is no adverse possession, the law construes the entry to be co-extensive with" the grant to the party ; upon the ground that it is his clear intention to assert such possession. This doctrine is well settled. -It was affirmed by this court in Barr v. Gratz,'4 Wheat. Rep. 222, 223 ;

SUPREME COURT.-
[Ellicott v. Pearl.]
and it has been fully recognized and acted upon by the state courts of Kentucky. Ini Fox v. Hinton, 4 Bibb's Rep. 559, it was held by the court, that where two patents interfere in part, and before possession is taken under the elder patent, the junior patentee enters upon the land within the interference with an intention to take possession, he shall be construed to be in possession to the extent of his claim. In Thomas v. Harrow, I Bibb's Rep. 563, the same court held that a person entering on land under a deed of conveyance specifying the boundaries, is in possession to the extent thereof; although the person making the conveyance had only an entry, which did not appear to cover the land, and which had not been perfected by survey or patent. The cases of Smith's Heirs v; Lockridge, 3.Littell's Rep. 19, 20; Cates v. Loftus, 4 Monroe's Rep. 442; Moss v. Currie, I Dana's Kent. Rep. 267; Boyce v. Blake, 2 Dana's Kent. Rep. 127; Smith'sHeirs v. Frost's Devisee, 2 Dana's Kent. Rep. 148, 149; and Harrison v. M'Daniel, 2 Dana's Kent. Rep. 354, are to the same effect, and contain a full exposition of the doctrine.
M'Cammon having entered under Pearl, his possession must be deemed c6nsistent.with the title of Pearl. There is, however, no proof of the nature or extent of his claim in the case. If he entered under a deed from Pearl, then his possession would be coextensive with the boundaries prescribed in that deed. If he entered without deed, his possession must either be deemed a continuation of that of Pearl, or bounded by his actual Occupancy. In Jones v. Chiles, 2 Dana's Rep. 28, it was held by the court, that if a landlord settles a tenant without bounds upon a tract of land, he is in possession to thib limits of the claim. But if the tenant is restricted by metes and bounds, to a part only of the land; the landlord's possession is in like manner limited. And upon the same principles the court held, that if the proprietor of a tract sells a portion of, it designated by metes and bounds, and the vendee enters into possession, his entry must be deemed of his own land, bnly ; and it has no effect as an entry upon or possession of the rest of the tract.
If with these principles in view we examine the instruction asked of the court, it will-be found open to miuch objection. It assumes certain facts as its basis, ,which were not in evidence; or, if in evidence, they were for the decision of the jury. The court were asked to instruct the jury, " that the settlement of M'Cammon within the two thousand acres tract, did not give a claim to a possession within

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Ellicott v. Pearl.)
the one thousand acres tract," without ascertaining whether the claim or title of M'Cammon extended into the latter or not. Now, it is plain that if his claim or title did extend. into the latter, he would have had a constructive possession to the extent of that claim or title. The other part of the instruction asked is extremely vague. It is, "nor does the possession within the one thousand acres patent give-any possession within the two thousand acres." It is not said by whom' the possession is supposed to be, whether by M'Cammon orby Pearl, or by any other person. If the possession intended was that of Pearl, as both tracts were within his tract of'seven thousand acres; it is clear that his possession would extend over both tracts, upon the principles already stated. If the possession intended was that of M'Cammon, it is open to the objection already stated,that the boundaries of his claim or title are not ascertained, so.as to enable the court to give the instruction as matter of law. Intruth, the instruction asked seems to have proceeded upon . a, ground perfectly untenable in itself; and that is, that as to third persons, who are in under title or colour of title, their possession is to be bounded and limited by the nature and extent and origin of the distinct tides of their adversary; and not by that under which they themselves have entered and taken possession. For these reasons we are of opinion that the instruction was properly refused by the court.
The last exception now insisted on,' is in the following instruction, givn by the court upon the prayer of the tenants. "That if they [the jury] find, from the evidence, that Remey's patent does not cover the land in contest, yet if they find, from the evidence, that the tenants, or any of them, or those claiming under them, have had possession of the land in contest for thirty years next before the commencement of the demandants' Suit, they must find for the tenants." It is probable that the actual form in which this instruction was asked, was occasioned by the agreement of the parties, that all these actions against the different tenants upon the different writs of right "should be heard at the same time," without prejudice to the rights of either party; and that the evidence "should be heard as to all, and to be applied to each respectively,' and therefore that the instruction should be construed accordingly, reddendo singula singulis. But we see no objection to it in the form in which it was actually given, - under the circumstances of the present case, and the titles set up by the parties respectively. The demandants claimed adversely to all the tenants, upon a title independent and distinct from theirs. The

SUPREME COURT.
[Ellicott v. Pearl.]
tenants all'claimed under the title of Pearl, by his-deed of the sever thousand acres, that is, under a title common to them all. The de. rhandants- could not recover any tract in controversy, unless they were seised thereof within thirty years, the period prescribed by the statute of limitations for writs of right. If, therefore, there had been thirty years adverse possession of the particular tract in controversy, by any of the tenants, the demandants had failed in their suit, and were barred from. any recovery. This was the whole purport of the instruction given ; and, in our judgment, it was perfectly correct. It has been.supposed, at the argument, that the instruction was defective in not stating that the' possession was adversary and uninterrupted during the whole thirty years: and the case of. Forman v. Ambler, 2 Dana's Kent. Rep. 109, 110, is relied on to sustain the objection. But the. court in that case admitted, that the instruction was free from legal exception, as understood by the court and the parties. And whatever ground there might be for the court, in that case, to come to the conclusion that the jury riaight have been misled by it, (with which we do not intermeddle), under the peculiar circumstances of the case ; we are of opinion that, under the circumstances of the present case, the instruction was definite and unambiguous in its purport and effect, and such as the law justifies.
Upon the whole, the judgment of the circuit court is affirmed with costs.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the recoed from the circuit court the United States for the ditirict of Kentucky, and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, it is ordered and adjudged by. this court, that the judgment of the said circuit court in this cause be, and the same jshereby affirmed, with costs.

JANUARY TERM 1836.

449

JOHN VOORHEES, JEREMIAH LETTON, SCHONEY ACHLEY AND NICHO-
LAS LONGWORTH, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR V. JAMES JACKSON, EX
DEM. THE PRESIDENT, DIRECTORS AND COMPANY OF THE BANK
OF THE UNITED STATES.
Ejectment for a tract of land commenced in 1831, which had been sold under the foreign attachment laws of Ohio; the defendants in the ejectment being in possession under the defendant in the attachment. The judgment, in the common pleas of Hamilton county, Ohio, in the attachment suit, was entered in 1808. The writ of attachment was returnable to April 1807; and it recited that it had been sufficiently testified to the court, that the defendant, not residing in the state, was indebted to the plaintiff. 'The tract of land was attached, and returned with an inventory and appraisement. The defendant having made default, auditors were appointed; and at December term they made a report, finding due to the plaintiff 267 dollars. The court ordered the property to be sold by the auditors. At April term 1808, they reported they had sold the premises for 170 dollars. The court, on inspection, confirmed the sale. The auditors afterwards conveyed by deed, to Samuel Foster and William Woodward, who on the same day, 28th of May 1808, conveyed the premises to William Stanley, with covenant of seisin, power to sell and general warranty, under whom the plaintiffs in the ejectment derived title. The proceedings in the attachment were in conformity with the Ohio attachment laws, in all particulars, except, 1. No affidavit, as required by the statute, was found filed with the clerk: and the law provides that, if this is not done, the writ shall be quashed, on motion. 2. Three months notice of the attachment is to be given in a newspaper, and fifteen days notice is to be given by the auditors; which did not appear to have been done. 3. The defendant is to be called three times preceding judgment, and the defaults recorded. No record appeared to have been made. 4. Auditors are not to sell until twelve months, and it did not'apprear when the sale was made. 5. The return of the sale shows a sale to Foster anid Woodward, and a deed was made to Stanley, and no connexion between them was shown in the record.
By the Court. The several courts of common _pleas of Ohio, at the time of these proceedings, were courts of general civil jurisdiction; to which was added, by the act of 1805, power to issue writs of attachment, and order a sale of the property attached on certain conditions; no objection therefore can be made to their jurisdiction over the case, the cause of action or the property attached. The process which they adopted was the same as prescribed by the law; they ordered a sale, .which was executed; and on the return thereof gave it their confirmation. This was'the judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction on all the acts preceding the sale, affirming their validity, in the same manner as their judgment had affirmed the existence of a debt. There is no principle of law better settled, than that every act of a court of competent jurisdiction, shall be presumed to have been rightly done till the contrary appears. This rule applies as well to every judgment or decree rendervd, in the various stages of their proceedings, from the initiation to their completion; as to their adjudication that the plaintiff has a right of action,
VOL. .- 3 G

SUPREME COURT.
[Voorhees v. The Bank of the United States.]
Every matter adjudicated becomes a part of their record; which thenceforth proves itself, without referring to the evidence on which it has been adjudged., That some sanctity should be given to judicial proceedings; some time limited, beyond which they should not ie questioned; some protection afforded to those who purchase at sales by judicial process; and some definite rules established, by which property thus acquired may become transmissible, with security to the possessors: cannot be denied. In this country particularly, where property, which within a few years as but of little value, in a wilderness, is now the site of large and flourishing cities; its enjoyment should be at least as secure, as in that country where its value is less progressive. It is among the elementary principles of the common law, that whoever would complain of the proceedings of a court, must do it in such time as not to injure his adversary by unnecessary delay in the assertion of his right. If he objects to the mode in which he is brought into court, he must do it before he submits to the process adopted. If the proceedings against him are not conducted according to the rules of law and the court, he must move to set them aside for irregularity: or, if there is any defect in the form or manner in which he is sued, he may assign those defects specially, and the court will not hold him answerable till such defects are remedied. But if lie pleads to the action generally, all irregularity is waived; and the court can decide only on the rights of the parties to the subject matter of controversy: their judgment is conclusive, unless it appears on the record that the plaintiff has no title to the thing demanded, or that in rendering judgment they have erred in law. All defects in setting out a title, or in the evidence to prove it, are. cured; as well as all irregularities which may have preceded the judgment. So long as this judgment remains in force, it is in itself evidence of the right of the plaintiff to the thing adjudged, and hives him a right to process to execute the judgment: the errors of the court, however apparent, can be examined only by an appellate power: and by the laws of every country, a time is fixed for such examination, whether in rendering judgment, issuing execution, or enforcing it by process of sale or imprisonment. No rule can be more reasonable, than that the person who complains of an injury done him, should avail himself of his legal rights in a reasonable time, or that that time should be limited by law. The line which separates error in judgment from the usurpation of power is very definite; and is precisely that which denotes the cases where a judgment or decree is reversible only by an appellate court, or may be declared a nullity collaterally, when it is offered in evidence in an action concerning the matter adjudicated, or purporting to have been so. In the one case, it is a record importing absolute verity; in the other, mere waste paper: there can be no middle character assigned to judicial proceedings, which are irreversible for error. Such is their effect between the parties to the suit, and such are the immunities which the law affords to a plaintiff who has obtained an 'erroneous judgment or executior The cases of Blaine v. The Charles Carter, 4 Cranch 328, 2 Cond. Rep. 127; Wheaton v. Sexton, 4 Wheat. 506,5 Cond. Rep. 119; Tolmie v. Thompson, 2 Peters 157; Elliott v. Piersol, 1 Peters 340; Wright et al. v. The Lessee of Hollingsworth, I Peters 169; Taylorv. Thompson, 5 Peters 370; The United States v. Arredondo, 6 Peters 729, cited.
IN errorto the circtiit court of the' United States, for the district of
Ohio. The Preident and Directors of the Bank of the United Stites inisti-

JANUARY TrRM 1836.

451

[Voorhees v. The Bank of the United States.]
tuted an action of ejectment in 1831, for the recovery of a tract of land in the county of Hamilton, in the state of Ohio. On the trial of the case, in order to establish their title, they gave in evidence to the jury the proceedi'ngs in an attachment against Seth Cutter, in the county court of'Hamilton county, commenced in 1807 ; under which the traPt of land in the ejectment was sold, in 1808, and the sale returned by the auditors appointed by the court to make the same, on the 16th day of April 1808. The sale was confirmed by the court, at August term 1808; and, according to the provisions of the attachment law of the state of Ohio, the auditors had previously made a deed to William Woodward and William Foster, the purchasers of the property sold.
This deed was executed on the 28th day-of May 1828, to Woodward & FosW. who on the same day conveyed the same to William Stanley.
The defendants in the ejectment claimed title to the premises, which were in their possession, under Seth Cutter. They insisted that the proceedings in attachment did not divest Seth Cutter of his title
to the land: but the court instructed the jury otherwise. The jury gave a verdict in favour of the plaintiffs. To the judgment of the circuit court, on the verdict, the defendants below prosecuted this writ of error.
The record of the county court of Hamilton county, in the attachment against Seth Cutter, and the opinion of the circuit court upon the title derived under it, by the plaintiffs below, were brought up by a bill of exceptions. The whole proceedings in the attachment are stated fuly in the opinion of the court.

The case was presented \to this court, on printed arguments, by Mr Caswell, and Mr Chester, for the plaintiffs in error; and by Mr Fox, and Mr Chase, for the defendants. Mr Sergeait also delivered to the court a written argument, for the defendants in error.

The printed argument of the counsel for the plaintiff in error, presented for the consideration of the court, was as follows:
1. Were the proceedings in attachment sufficient to divest the title of Seth Cutter to the premises in dispute?
2. Was that title by such proceedings, and by the deed made, vested in Samuel Foster and William Woodward?
The plaintiffs in error hold the negative on both these points.

SUPREME COURT.
[Voorhees v. The Bank of the United States.]
The powers of courts are of two kinds, ordinary and extraordinary. The first are those general powers of adjudicating between parties, the defendant being within reach of their process, upon matteis within the general cognizance of the tribunals, as established by law. The constitution or laws establishing the respective courts of the union or the states, define, by marked boundaries, these general powers, as distributed to the different courts, and fix the limits of their respective jurisdictions. Within these boundaries their power is exercised according to their own discretion and judgment of the law, and their adjudications are conclusive upon the rights of the parties, unless the case be regularly brought under the review of an appellate tribunal.
The constitutions of judicial tribunals are to be carefully distinguished from those laws which are made for the enlarging, defining
or circumscribing the rights and liabilities of individuals constituting the community, over which the powers of legislation are exercised. From the former, a court derives its existence, its mode of being, and the essential qualities of its nature. They confer upon it its powers, define its jurisdiction, and limit its capacity. In expounding these fundamental laws, in which -its judges have, if not a personal, yet an official interest, it can claim no right to bind the conscience or control the judgment of any other tribunal, not subordinate, before which the question may arise, whether its construction and judgment were right or wrong. It must be resolved by looking at the law itself.
The extraordinary or special powers conferred upon courts are of the same nature. Relating like them totheir own power and jurisdiction, they have no exclusive right to judge of them, so as to silence the judgment of other tribunals, not subordinate, when the question is whether the power exercised has been conferred. In other words, the exercise of a power by a court does not prove the rightful existence of the power. And when a special power is conferred to be exercised in a certain mode, it is equally competent for another tribunal to consider whether the power has been exercised in the mode. prescribed ; for, in such case, the mode is an ingredient essential to the power, constituting, indeed, a condition on which the power depends. In such case the act is binding, or nugatory, as it pursues the mode or is done.in disregard of it. And the record, to bind the rights of the parties, must show that the power has been exercised in strict conformity to the mode prescribed. It is not sufficient that

JANUARY TERM 1836.
(Voorhees v. The Bank of the United States.]
the mode has been pursued in three out of four, or nine out of ten of its parts. It must be wholly pursued, to make the act valid. If twenty things are required by the law to be done by the court in exercising such special power, these being specially required, must not only be done, but specifically appear on the record to have been done. The omission of one is fatal" and a court, before which the adjudication shall be collaterally brought, cannot hold a right to be vested, or a title to be divested, by a record showing such an omission.
See Rose v.-Himely, 2 Peters's Con. Rep. 100, 101, 102 : Griffith v. Frazier, 8 Cranch 9 ; 3 Johns. Cas. 108; Rex v. Luke, I Cowper 26 (Lord Mansfield's opinion, p. 2Q); 1 Bur. 377 ; 4 Bur. 2244.
In Smithv. Rice, It M.ss; Rep. 510, it is held, that although the court have jurisdiction of the subject matte', yet if the proceedings are not according to the course of the common law, and the statute be not strictly followed, the judgment is absolutely void, and vests no-right. See also, Davol v. Davol, 13 Mass. Rep. 264.
The statute respecting attachments, in force .at the time of these proceedings, will be found in I Chase's Stat. p. 462, passed in 1805. Section fifteen of this statute enacts:
"That the. goods, chattels, lands, tenements, rights, credits, moneys and effects, of persons residing out of the state, shall be liable to be attached, taken, proceeded against, sold, assigned *and transferred for the payment of their debts, in the same manner, as nearly as may be, as is herein provided, with respect to other debtors: provided, that instead of the oath or affirmation herein before provided, the applicant for such writ of attachment, his agent or attorney, shall make oath or affirmation that the defendant is not, at that time, resident within the state, as he verily believes ; and that the said defendant is justly indebted to him in a sum of money, specifying as nearly as he can the amount of his demand or balance : provided also, that no judgment shall be entered by virtue of this section, until notice for the space of three months shall be given in one of the newspapers published in this state, of the issuing of such attachment, and at whose suit, against whose estate,_from what court the same issued; and that unless the defendant in attachment shall appear, give special bail, and receive a declaration, judgment will be entered, and the estate so attached sold for the benefit of the cre-
ditors." For the other provisions regulating foreign attachments we are

SUPREME COURT.
(Voorhees v. The Bank of the United States.]
referred to those parts of the-statute relating to domestic attachments.. The first section relates to the oath to be taken by the plaintifi the
substance of which is changed, in the section just quoted, to accommodate it to the case of a non-resident debtor. It provides before what officer the oath may be taken; that it shall be taken and filed with the clerk of the court; and that any writ of attachment issued before the oath or affirmation be so taken and filed, shall be quashed on motion. Sections two, three, four, five, six and seven relate to the mode of executing the writ, garnishees, costs, trying the right of property, &c. Section eight is in these words:
"The court, at the return of such writ of attachment, shall appoint three discreet persons to audit and adjust the accounts and the demands of the plaintiffs, and so many of the creditors of the defendant in attachment, as may have applied to the court, or shall apply to the auditors for that purpose, before they shall have closed their report, which report shall be made in writing, -s'gned by the said auditors, or any two of them, and shall be returned to the court from
which such writ of attachment issued, and at the third term, including the term to which the writ of attachment was returned, final judgment shall be entered on such report: provided, that the defendant shall have been called three times, at each of the said terms, and have made default, and those defaults shall have been entered by the clerk," &c.
,8ection eleven of this act is the last to which we deem it necessary to call the particular attention, of the court. It authorizes the auditors, by virtue of an order from the court, to sell the lands and tenements, &c. attached: "provided, that notice of such sale shall be set up in writing, at three of the most public places within the county, at least, or be advertised in a newspaper, published in the county, for the space of fifteen days, at least, .prior to such sale; nor shall any sale be made of.such lands and tenements, in less than twelve' calendar months, from the return Of such writ of attachment," &c.
We will present at one view the requirements of the statute to which we ask the attention of the court.
1. The plaintiff must make and file an affidavit before any writ of attachment can issue.
2. This affidavit must state that the defendant is not resident within the state, as plaintiff believes. -
3. An advertisement, minutely described in tlie statute, must be

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Voorhees v. The Bank of the United States.]
published in some paper of the state, three months before any judgment can be rendered.
4. No judgment can be rendered against the defendant until the third term, and then only on the express condition, that at each of said terms, he shall have been three times called, and have made default, and those defaults shall have been entered by the clerk.
5. No sale of lands can be made by the auditors in less than. twelve months from the return of the attachment.
6. The auditors are required to give at least fifteen days noti-e, by advertisement, of the sale.
None of these requirements of the statute appear to have been complied with. The Clerk has certified that thctranscript contains all the matters of record, or on file, in the cause. There is no affidavit' or mention of an affidavit in the transcript. The court of common pleas had no jurisdiction of the matter until this was made and filed. The defendant was not within the jurisdiction of the court, or liable to its process, and his property could only be proceeded against and subjected to sale, upon the making of such an affidavit or affirmation as is prescribed in the statute. Any prbcess, and all the proceedings founded upon process of attachment, are a nullity without this. There is no room here for presumptions. Where title depends upon a record, nothing is to be presumed which does not appear in the record. Proceedings of courts can be shown only by their records, and what the law requires to be recorded, cannot be presumed to exist, where the record does not show it. The writ issued recites, that whereas the plaintiff had sufficiently testified. In what manner he testified, whether by a verbal oath or assertion without oath, does not appear. It does appear that it was not in the manner required, for then the oath would have made a part of the record. And it is not recited in the writ, that he had even testified that the defendant was not then resident within the state. The clerk himself seems to say, that, he was -not a resident. The language is, "has sufficiently testified that Seth Cutter, who is not now a resident of the state."
We conceive that the want of this affidavit is fatal to all the subsequent proceedings, and that any judgtpent rendered in the cause was a nullity.
The next defect in the record is, that it does not appear that the attachment was advertised according to the statute. This was the mode required by the statute for nerfecting service :it was necessary

SUPREME COURT.
[Voorhees v. The Bank of the United States.)
to make Cutter a party to the cause to make the proceedings binding upon him. Without such a notice, his rights could not be affected by any judgment rendered in the cause. This matter is settled by the supreme court of Ohio, in Colwell, Adm. v. Bank of Steubenville, 2 Ohio Rep. 229, and in Taylor v. M'Donald, 4 Ohio Rep. 155, 156. * Chief Justice Marshall in the case of the.Mary, 3 Peters's Cond. Rep: 312, says: " it is a principle of natural justice, of universal obligation, that before the rights of an individual be bound by a judicial sentence, he shall have notice, either actual or implied, of the proceedings against him." The only mode in which implied notice could be given the defendant, in attachment, is by publication. No publication was made ; no actual notice pretended: of course the party vas not bound by the judgment, and his title to the land was not divested.
The court was authorized to give judgment at the third term, only on the express condition that, at each of the three terms, the defendant had been three times called, and bad made default, and these defaults were entered by the clerk. At the first term he was regularly called and defaulted, according to the statute. At the second term there is no entry of calling, or a default. At the tfiird term he was called, but whether once or more, does not appear. The court, in this state of the record; had no right or power to give judgment, and it is for this reason a nullity.
Twelve calendar months must, according to the terms of the statute, elapse after the return of the writ, before any sale could be made of the lands of the defendant. It does not appear, either from the return of the auditors, or their deed, when the sale was made. The order for sale, such as it was, was issued long before the expiration of the twelve months, and of course before the land was liable to 'sal'e.: It is submitted, that the court could make no order of this kind before the end of the twelve months. They itust wait until the land is liable to sale'before they can order it to be sold. That order is in pr senti (not limited to a future time), to do that which there was no rightful authority to do. Such an order seems to us a nullity.
At least, if made within twelve months, it should appear not to have been executed till after their expiration.
The auditors are required to give at least fifteen days notice of the sale. This does not appear to have been done. It is not so stated in the deed. No proof of the fact is adduced. These auditors were

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Voorhees v. The Bank of the United States.]
not regular judicial or ministerial officers. They acted neither under the sanction of an oath of office, nor had they given any security to which the defendant could resort in case of injury. The power conferred must be strictly pursued. No presumptions can be made in their favour. That it would not be necessary, to sustain a title ac-. quired under a sheriff's deed, to show that he had obeyed the law*in the manner of making his sale, in every respect, may be admitted. But it by no means follows, that the same favour is to be shown towards a title claimed under the exercise of a special power, conferred on individuals. All-the reasons are against it.
We have not thought it necessary to remark upon many things contained in this record, which, to say the least, appear to us singular. Whether the persons who adjusted the accounts against the defendants were auditors or referees, seems to be left in doubt. The nature of the claims against the defendant, by what evidence supported, or how ascertained, tres not appear. The order to sell, issued to the auditors, does not appear. For aught that appears in the record, the sale was private, and without notice.
2. Admitting that the proceedings in attachment would have been otherwise sufficient to divest the title of Seth Cutter, the deed is not sufficient to Vest that title in Samuel Foster and William Woodward.
So far as we can conjecture from the return of the auditors, the land in question was sold to William Stanley. To him alon6 could the auditors convey. The return of the auditors is necessary to sustain the deed. Without this it cannot be pretended that the deed,would be valid. The subsequent conveyance by Foster and Woodward to Stanley, does not alter the principle. They could convey no title which was not vested in them. If none was vested in them, none passed by their deed. It is not even shown or pretended, that Foster and Woodward were, by any act of Stanley, substituted in his place as purchasers. They stand entirely unconnected with the record. In the case of Den v. Lambert, I Green's New Jersey Rep. 182, this point is decided. There one individual was reported as the purchaser, and the deed was made to him and another. The question for the court was, whether such a deed vested any title. It was decided that it did not. If that was a correct decision, it is conclusive on this point.
It will probably be urged for the defendant in error, against the views we have presented of this case, that however erroneous the proceedings of the court of common pleas may'have been, yet they
VOL. x.-3 H

SUPREME COURT.
(Voorhees v. The Bank of the United States.)
cannot be inquired into collaterally :that their judgment is binding, until reversed by an appellate tribunal. This doctrine is true as to matters within the ordinary jurisdiction of courts, where the proceedings are according to the course of the common law. But not so in -this case. The defendant was not within their jurisdiction., He could only. be affected through his property lying within that jurisdiction. The court could only take jurisdiction in a certain state of facts, which must be made to appear by an affidavit filed. They could subject the property of the defendant only by a particular mode of proceeding. He was not a party in court, and the plaintiff took judgment against him at his peril. The purchaser was bound to inquire. into the power of the persons acting as auditors, and the means by which the property was subjected to sale. The whole record is necessary to support their title, and to the whole they should have looked. The rights of the party could only be affected by strictly pursuing the law. Colwell v. Bank of Steubenville; and Taylor v. M'Donald, before cited.
But in relation to inquiring into the regularity of these prcceedings collaterally, the legislature of Ohio has settled the question, so far as legislative construction can settle it.
By the' act of February 4th, 1813, 2 Chase's Stat. 795, sect. 6, reciting, that whereas it had been doubted, &c., and for removing such doubts, it was enacted: "that any person, in any suit or proceeding, founded upon, or in which it may be necessary to sh-w any such process," (in attachment) "proceeding or judgment, may be permitted collaterally to impeach the same, and to show any irregularity theyein, or any deviation from the authority conveyed by the said fifty-third section, or by the above recited act' (the act allowing and regulating attachments)..
If it be objected, that this act was passed after the title is claimed to have vested, the case of Watson et al. v. Mercer, 8 Peters's Rep. 88, is an answer to such objection.
It is true that this clause, in the act of 1813, was afterwards repealed, with the whole act. But it cannot but be obvious that the reason why it was not re-enacted, was, that the reason given for passing it no longer existed; that the doubts in relation to the matter had ceased.
In Humphries v. Wood, Wright's Ohio Rep. 566, the court say: "these proceedings" (in attachmenl), being ex parte and in cm,

ANUARY TERM 1836.
[Voorhees v. The Bank of the United States.]
the statute must be strictly pursued, or no right is acquired under it ;" and the proceedings were declared to be void, not voidable.
In M'Daniel v. Sappington, Hardin's Ken. Rep. 94, the court hold that, the remedy by attachment being, in derogation of the common law, the statute giving the remedy ought. to bestrictly pursued in all its provisions..
These are the reasons for our respectfully insisting that the circuit court erred in giving judgment,on the point reserved, for the plaintiff. And unless there be something in the name or essence of a court which.makes its ex parte proceedings binding upon the rights of individuals, despite of all the provisions of a statute vesting it with whatever power it has over the subject matter-unless, because it iL authorized to do one thing it may do all things-unless, because it has power to do a particular thing in a particular. mode, it may do the same thing in any other mode, according to its own pleasure-unless it can secretly, by the aid of irresponsible agents, held to their duty neither by oath or obligation, dispose of the property of citizens of other. states according to its uncontrolled will.; we think we may rightfully ask for the reversal of the judgment of.the court below.
Mr Fox, with whom was Mr Chase, in their printed argument, argued.for the defendants in error as follows:
The objections urged below, and which we anticipate will. be urged in this court against the validity of the proceedings in the attachment suit taken, in. the order in which they arise, as follows: First, because no affidavit of non-residence appears .in the record; second, because there is no evidence of the pendency of the suit having been advertised three months.; third, that the record does not show that the req'uisite defaults have been entered; fourth, that the deed ought not to have been made to Woodward and Foster, the sale having been made to Stanley.
As to the first objection, we say the statute does hot require that* the affidavit should be. made a part of the record. All that is required by the law is the filing of the affidavit with the clerk. The affidavit ought certainly to.be filed, but it is no more necessary that such affidavit should be recorded than that an affidavit to hold to bail, or the attorney's precipe ordering a writ in a cause should be recorded, or that proof of such an affidavit having been made should appear in the record. Indeed in an ordinary suit the writ forms no necessary part of the record, unless required to be recorded by ex-

SUPREME COURT.
[Voorhees v. The Bank of the United States.]
press statute. Until within a few years the writ is not to be found in the records of judicial proceedings in Ohio.
But in the present case the record does show that an affidavit was filed, for it is recited that the plaintiff "has sufficiently testified to the judges of our court of common pleas that Seth Cutter, who is not now residing in the state, is indebted," &o. Here it is shown that an affidavit had been made, and We presume that this recital must be held sufficient at this late period, even if the court should consider record evidence necessary to prove that an affidavit had been made. The next question arising in the cause, is whether it is essential that in an attachment suit, where the article seized is substituted for a personal service of process, the record must show that the proper advertisement of the pendency of the suit has been made.
We suppose it not necessary tb the validity of the judgment, that any such advertisement should in factbe made, but at all events, we insist that no evidence of the fact of advertisement having been made need appear in the record.
We suppose in this as in all other proceedings in rem, the seizing of the property by virtue of process issued from a court hav.ing authority to issue the writ, vests in the tribunal from which the process issued a complete jurisdiction over the thingbor property seized. If we are right in this position, it follows, we suppose, as a matter of course, that irregularities or errors in the subsequent proceedings of the court, can only be corrected by the courts of the state.
We insist that the issuing of the writ of .ttachment and seizing the real estate by virtue of that writ, gave to the court of common pleas of Hamilton county, complete jurisdiction of the property seized :
'Because, First, the statute declares "that the property so attached shall be bound from the time of levying .such attachment." See. 2d. · Secondly. Because the property from the time of attachment, is to "remain in the care and safe keeping of the office, to abide'the judgment of the court." Sec. 3d.
Thirdly. Because at the return term of the writ, the court are authorized to refer the matters of account, &c., to the auditors to be adjusted. Sec. 8th.
Fourthly. Because the court are authorized to direct a sale of the personal property attached at any time after it is seized, if it be of a -perishable nature. See. 11th.
Fif.hly. Because the death of the defendant is not to abate the

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Voorhees v. The Bank of the United States.]
suit, but the right of the plaintiff is referred to the time of suing the attachmet.
These adta- could not be authorized to be done, unless upon the supposition, that the court by virtue of the seizure,'had complete jurisdiction of the suit and of the parties thereto, so faras -the disposition of the property attached was concermed. This is also agreeable to the analogous proceedings in the courts of admiralty and
exchequer.
In admiralty causes, it is a universal principle that the seizure of
property by an officer acting under authority, vests the right in the -sovereign, and authorizes his courts to proceed and inquire whether, under the laws, the property seized has been forfeitedi and to adjudge to whom it belongs and how it shall be disposed of; and all sentence , judgments and decrees, , affecting the property so seized, are conclusive upon all the world, as to the right and title to the thing seized from the time of seizure. 4 Cranch 278; 1 Paine's C. C.. Rep. 626. On the seizure of the property, the jurisdiction of the admiralty courts, attaches, and the property is subject to the decision in the cause. 4 Cranch 296; 1 Phil. Ev. 273; 12 Serg. & Rawle 289; 1 Paine's Rep. 626; 3 Binney 220; 5 Cranch 184.
If then the court had jurisdiction. of the cause, the omitting to publish the pendency of the writ, did not divest the court of its jurisdiction. The court undoubtedly might have refused to have given judgment, and indeed ought not to have given judgment until the advertisement had bedn made, and we must suppose the court did require' the evidence of such publication ; as we are not to presume the judges neglected, or erred in the discharge of their duties. But suppose the court did not require any proof of such publication having been made; suppose that they were satisfied of its having been made from their own personal knowledge, such'as their having read the -notice -inthe newspaper, and admitting the court ought to have required other eviderme of the fact:, all that can be said in relation to the matter is, that the court erred, but the error of the court cannot affect the validity of the judgment. The. purchaser of property.is not responsible for the errors of the court or of the parties. Nor can the errors of the court of common pleas be -inquired into by this court. This court, so far as the judgment of the court of common pleas of Hamilton county is concerned, is a foreign court, and as such cannot notice the irregularities of the Hamilton county courts. The regularity or irregularity of the proceedings of our own courts is an internal regulation

SUPREME COURT.
[Voorhees v. The Bank of the United States.]
of-the statd of Ohio, and as such, rmust be expounded by the courts of the state. Foreign courts cannot notice the errors of state courts. 4 Craneh 294; 1 Paine's Rep. 621.
"Where judicial proceedings are merely irregular, the courts of the country pronouncing the sentence, are the exclusive judges of that irregularity, and their decision binds the world." 4 Cranch 278.
The case of Kempe's Lessee v. Kennedy, 5 Cranch 173, we conceive conclusive on this subject. In that case the court held that whether the inquest which was substituted for a verdict " did or did not show that an offence had been committed, was a question which the cohrt in New Jersey was competent to decide. The judgment it gave is erroneous, but it is a judghnent, and until reversed, cannot be disregarded." The same principle is recognized, II Mass. Rep. 229.
So in 12 Serg. & Rawle 289, it was held that money being attached in Louisiana, "the judgment of the courts there touching-the disposition of that money was conclusive. The thing attached being in Louisiana was subject to the jurisdiction of her courts. By what law it was to be governed, "it was for the judges of those courts to decide; and we presume they would decide by their own laws."
The third objection is, that the statute requires the defendant should be called for three successive terms and defaulted, and entries of such default entered of record, and that the record offered in evidence does not show that these defaults were entered This, like the other objections, is one which could only be taken advantage of by writ of error, which could only be prosecuted in the state court. It does not affect the validity of the judgment. There is no doubt the defendant ought to have been called three times, at three successive terms, and that an entry of such calling ought to have been made. But after admitting all this, the judgment still remains good until reversed. The plaintiffs in error, in order to sustain their objection, by their course of argument destroy all the well settled distinctions between void and erroneous judgments. The least irregularity ; the smallest error in the judgment of the courts, if sufficient to reverse the judgment in a superior court, is also sufficient, according to this view of the case, to render it null and void. If thisjudg-, ment was a valid judgment until reversed or set aside by a superior tribunal in Ohio, it is binding and valid every where. And being a

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Voorhees v. The Bank of the United States.]
proceeding in rein, not'against the person ; the seizing of the property being tantamount to personal service in a personal action ; the court had jurisdiction of the matter, and that is all the law requires to make the judgment valid.
The last objection, as we understand it, is, that the deed is not made to the person who was returned as the purchaser at the auditor's sale.
It is true, that the auditors returned that .the land in question "wag sold to William Stanley, for 170 dollars;" but this return is not conclusive on the purchase; the deed made to Woodward and Foster, is ag strong evidence of the sale having been made to those persons, as the return to the court is of its having been made to Stanley. But we contend it is immaterial whether the sale was made to Stanley, or to Woodward and Foster. If the sale was to Stanley, he was equitably entitled to a deed for the property sold, and he was equitably entitled to direct the deed to be made to another. The statute does not require the auditors to make a deed to the purchaser. By the eleventh section they are authorized to sell and convey the lands. But to whom they are to make the deed is left to be decided by the principles of law and the agreement of the parties. The auditors, perhaps, could nQt be compelled to convey to an assignee of the purchaser, unless by the court of chancery; but if the pur.chaser requested the auditors to make the deed to Woodward and Foster, and the auditors did so, we do not perceive that the rights of Cutter were in any way affected by the arrangement. The equitable title to the lot was vested in Stanley by the purchase, and the right would have been enforced specifically by a court of equity, either on the application of Stanley (if he had parted with his interest), or of his assignee. The deed for Foster and Woodward shows that Stanley was satisfied with the doings of the auditors, or he would not have received a deed from WOodward and Foster. The latter made to Stanley a warranty deed, and both deeds bear date on the same day; it is evident, therefore, that Stanley, Woodward and Foster, the only persons interested in this matter, were perfectly agreed as to the manner of making the deeds; and as no law has been violated, we suppose the deeds are valid.
To these views of the matters in controversy, Mr Chase subjoined an argument, in which he contended :

SUPREME COURT.
[Voorhees v. The Bank of the United States.]
1st. It appears from the record and the law, that the proceedings in attachment were had before a court of competent jurisdiction.
2d. That in the exercise of this jurisdiction, a judgment was rendered and an order made; in virtue of which the land in controversy was properly sold
3d. That. the judgment and order so made, having never been reversed, remain valid and in full force; and cannot now be collaterally questioned.
He cited Kempe's Lessee v. Kennedy et al., 5 Cranch 173, 2 Peters's Cond. Rep. 223; 3 Peters's Cond..Rep..312; Ohio Forms and Practice 126, 359; Hartshorn v. Wilson, 2 Ohio Rep. 28; 6 Ohio Rep. 268; 2 Chase's Statutes 712; 5 Ohio'Rep. 500; 1 Chase's Statutes 163, 164, 683, 795, 972; 5 Ohio Rep. 500, per Hitchcock, chief judge; Allen's Lessee v. Parish, 3 Ohio Rep. 190; Ludlow's Heirs v. Wade, 5.Ohio Rep. 501 : Ludlow's Heirs v. M'Bride, 3 Ohio Rep. 257; Ludlow's Heirs v. Johnston, 3 Ohio Rep. 561; Dabney v. Manning, 3 Ohio Rep. 325; Colwell v. Bank of Steubenville, 2 Ohio Rep. 229; Cowden v. Hurford, 4 Ohio Rep. 133; Taylor v. M'Donald, 4 Ohio Rep. 154; Humphrey v. Wood, Wrights Ohio Rep. 566.
Mr Sergeant, also for the defendants in error, argued in writing: First, That the sale which is questioned in this case, was made in the year 1808, about twenty-eight years ago. It was made under a judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, and in conformity to that judgment. The deed was duly acknowledged, and was recorded in June 1808. The judgment stands in full force, and unreaversed. The objections made after this great length of time are, that certain things required by law in the course of the proceedings, do not appear to have been closed. It is not proved that they were left undone. The question then is, whether a party, after more than a quarter-of a century, is bound, affirmatively and positively, to prove, in support of his title, that not only the court, but every officer and every person employed by the court, did what the law required to be done; or else to lose his land. In such a case, presumption stands in the place of proof. The court will presume every thing to have been rightly and regularly done. This is due to the tribunal. Its conclusions are presumptive evidence that the right steps have been taken. This presumption

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Voorhees v. The Bank of the United States.]
arises immediately : it is strengthened by time : and after so many years, is indispensable to justice. How is it possible now to prove affidavits or advertisements.
2. The want of an affidavit is supposed to go to the jurisdiction of the court. If this were so, the plain answer would be, that it does not appear that there was no aflidavit. Tie presumption is, that there was an affidavit; and after so great a length of time it is irresistible and conclusive.
But this is not the law. By the first section of the act of Ohio it is'provided, that if the clerk issue a writ without an affidavit, "such writ shall be quashed on motio, at the proper cost of the clerk issuing the same." If there be no motion, then the writ cannot be quashed; atd 0f the writ be not quashed, it remains in force, and so supports the jorisdiction. The writ cannot be invalidated in any other way than this. It is a good writ if it be not so invalidated. In this case, therefore, the writ is a good writ, and unimpeachable now, in. this collateral action, even if it were certain there was no affidavit.
3. There are some remarks made in the argument as to the time of sale, not very exact ; nor, seemingly, much relied upon. It is only necessary, in order to dispose of these remarks, that the prohibition in the act, sect. 11, is'limited specifically to the sale. The order of sale may be before the expiration of the year.' The act seems to contemplate that it shall be at the time of giving judgment. The advertisement may be within the year; and if it announce a sale after the year, it is good.
Now, here, it does not appear that the sale was within the year. That would be enough. But the evidence is sufficient to show that it was after the year. The return of sale bears date the 16th of April, being eleven days after the end of the year. The reasonable presumption, according to the usual course of such business is, that this was the date of the sale, or as soon after as possible.
4. Upon the more general and very important question, whether these proceedings are examinable in a collateral suit, I wish to add a reference to the case of Thompson v. Tolmie, 2 Peters 157. The principles are there very fully and clearly stated; and that judgment is deemed to be decisive of the present case.
It will be perceived.that the counsel on both sides refer to cases in Massachusetts as mntaiiniing cont adictory docrines. They do seem to be opposed to each other. But in Heath v. Wells, 5 Pick. 140, the former cases are reviewed and reconciled. Where the proceed-
VOL. x.--3 i

SUPREME COURT.
(Voorhees v. The Bank of the United States.]
ings were held void, it was because there was wanting what was necessary to vest jurisdiction. The indispensable prerequisite did not exist.
Perhaps, too, the courts of Massachusetts were more liberal, because there was no opportunity of review by writ of error. It is not necessary to examin.e what weight ought in justice to be allowed to this consideration. Such motive for enlarging or relaxing the ordinary rule is not to be found in this case. Judgments in attachment were, and are examinable on error in Ohio.
And this leads to a remark upon the cases cited by the counsel of the plaintiff in error. They are -a1, without exception, (that in Wright's Ohio Rep. 566, included) writs of error. No instance of impeaching the proceedings collaterally, has been shown.
The distinction is a familiar one, and it is highly important. Writs of error are limited in point of time. Collateral suits are almost without limitation. Still more. Reversal of a judgment, on error, does not affect the title of a purchaser. The successful pkLrty does not go for the land, but for restitution of what Was recovered from him by his aidversary. The collateral suit seeks to recover the land, leaving the money in the hands of the adverse party, at the expense of the purchaser, who' thus becomes the victim-. The creditor gets his money, which i' not unjust. The debtor is released without payment, and an innocent purchaser, invited by judicial proceedings, is made to pay. Duly encouraged, such a principle would soon lead to piratical adventures under colour of law.
Mr Caswell and Mr Chester; in reply to the argument of Mr Fox and Mr Chase; denied, that the proceeding by a foreign attachment, under the laws of Ohio, was a proceeding in rem. They argued that a foreign attachment is a proceeding against a debtor for the recovery of a debt due to the plaintiff in attachment. The'debt does not grow out of the property attached ; there is no offence committed or duty neglected in regard to it,.to form the basis of the proceeding. The particular property seized is not in default: no offence has been committed by means of it, or in relation to it: there is no debt constituting a lien upon it; or in other words, it is not itself a debtor. No question is agitated or put in issue in relation to the property. The issue to be tried, if an issue be made up, is whether the person

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Voorhees v. The Bank of the United States.)
defendant is debtor, and the amount of the debt ; and wvhther he is non-resident so as to be within the provisions of the statute.
There is nothing in this proceeding in common with proceedings in rem.
In answer to tile position, that if the common 1l1eas of Hamilton county had jurisdiction of the attachment suit, this court cannot look at their proceedings, it was urged, that the power delegated by a statute can be exercised in no other mode than that pointed out by the statute, and no presumption in favour of proceedings in a foreigg attachment will be sustained, where the purchaser under them was never in possession, and where suit is brought after the lapse of twenty years.
They denied the arguments on the cases cited by the counsel for the defendants in error ; and also the construction of the statute of Kentucky relative to sales made by administrators.
In conclusion, they stated : We trust we have satisfactorily shown that the grounds assumed by the defendants in error are not tenable ; and that they are not sustained by the authorities cited in support of their positions. Especially wethink it is manifest both from authority and upon principle, that a general jurisdiction of a class of cases, coming under one general head, does not necessarily give or infer a jurisdiction over every particular case, or an unlimited power in relation to each case. See Bank of Hamilton v. Dudley's Lessee, ' Peters 492, particularly pages 523, 524. That a power, even in a court, to do. an act in a particular mode, does not give the power to do the act in any other mode. That when there is a power or jurisdiction, upon the condition of something being first done, the recoid must show that the thing required was done. That when, by the legislative act giving power over the subject matter, the court is prohibited from rendering judgment until certain pre-requisites have been compiied with, the judgment isnot merely voidable, but a nullity, unless these pre-requisites, being matters proper for the record, shall, by the record, appear to have been performed : most certainly is this the case, if the statute expressly prohibit any final action or judgment, until after these shall have been placed on the record.- We think we have shown that a foreign attachment is not such a proceeding in rem, as comes within the principles laid down by admiralty courtsi in relation to parties and notice in such proceedings ; that in all ex parte proceedings, where there has been no actual no-

SUPREME COURT.
[Voorhees v. The Bank of the United States.]
tice to the person interested, he may avail himself collaterally of every advantage which he would have on a -writ of error, for error in law ; that where a statute requires notice or service of any kind, upon one who is to be thereby made a party to a suit, he is not bound, nor his property divested by any proceedings or judgment, unless such notice or service be shown, or may clearly be inferred from the record ; that a jurisdiction or power is not acquired over the rights of.a person, 'who is without' the jurisdiction of the court and of the state, merely by the issuing of a writ against his property, without a compliance with any of those essential requisites on which, by the statute, the right and power of the court first to entertain the cause,and afterwards to proceed in it to judgment, depends; and finally, that in all ex parte proceedings, the plaintiff takes judgment at his peril, and purchasers must, at their -peril, look to the whole record of the cause.
And if these, or any of these propositions be sound, then we have certainly brought our case within it, and are entitled to a reversal of the judgment below; for we have shown:
1. That by the statute the plaintiff must make and file an affidavit before any writ could issue; and no such affidavit was made or filed. (The defendant's counsel err when they say such an affidavit makes no part of the record.)
2. That this affidavit must state, that the defendant is not resident within the state, as plaintiff believes. No such affidavit was made or alluded to, or any intimation given that such a thing was testified to.
3. That to give notice to the defendant, an advertisement, the substance of which is prescribed in the statute, must have been published in some paper of the state, for three months before the court was vested with any power to give judgment, and no such notice is mentioned in the record ; and there is nothiingin-or out of the record from which it can be inferred.
4. That no judgment could be rendered against the defendant until after three callings at each of three terms of the court, and three defaults entered on the record by.the clerk; and that the power to give a valid judgment depended on this as a condition precedent. The callings and the defaults do not appear as required.
5. That no power to sell the land in question, and of course no
power to order the sale of the land, existed till after the lapse of twelve months from the return of the attachment ; and the order

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Voorhees v. The Bank of the United States.]
was issued long before the lapse of the twelve months ; and there is no evidence that the auditors waited for the expiration of the time, or when, or where, or bow they sold.
6. That the auditors were required to give at least fifteen days notice, by advertisement, of the sale ; and it is not shown or pretended, either by the deed or otherwise, that such an advertisement was made; and,
7. That the return shows a sale to one man, and a conveyance made to others not in any mode connected with the record.
From the time of the sale to the present day, the defendant in attachment, and those claiming under him, have been in the undisturbed possession of the land, now at this late day brought into dispute ; and viewing the decisions of the state courts, and the principles of law as we do, we most cheerfully unite in the sentiment and opinion so happily expressed by the defendant's counsel : "that the judgment of this court will accord with the course of decisions in the state courts, and will teid not to impair, but to establish confidence; not to excite, but to repress the spirit of speculation in litigation; not to destroy, but to fortify the security of titles."
Mr Justice BALDWIN delivered the opinion of the. Court. This case comes up by a writ of error from the circuit court for the district of Ohio, to reverse a judgment in an action of ejectment, obtained by the defendants against the plaintiffs in error. The sole question in the court below, was the validity of a sale of the premises in controversy, under a judgment of the court of common pleas of Hamilton county, Ohio, in a case of foreign attachment, rendered against Seth Cutter in lrnS at the suit of Samuel Foster. By the record in that case it appears, that the writ was returnable to April term 1807. It recited that the plaintiff had sufficiently testified to the judges, that tie defendant, who is not residing in the state, is indebted to the plaintiff, &c. The sheriff returned the writ, with an inventory of the property attached by him; in which was included the property in question, with an appraisement thereof. At,the April term the defendant was three times called and made default; whereupon the court appointed auditors to report at August term following: the order was then continued till December term, when the auditors made a report, finding a debt of 267 dollars due the plaintiff. The court then rendered judgment.on the report, and ordered the property attached to be sold agreeably to law. An order of sale

SUPREME COURT.
(Voorhecs v, The Bank of the United States.]
was accordingly issued to the auditors, who at the April term 1808, to wit on the 16th of April, reported that they had sold the premises to William Stanley for 170 dollars ; on an inspection of which the court granted judgment of confirmation thereof. On the 28th of
May 1808 the auditors made a deed to Samuel Foster and William Woodward, who on the same day conveyed the same to William Stanley ; under whom the lessors of the plaintiff claimed by sundry mesne conveyances.
The consideration of the deed from the auditors to Foster and Woodward was 170 dollars, the same as from them to Stanley; but they gave in their deed a covenant of seisin, of power to sell, and general warranty. The defendants were in possession, claiming title under Seth Cutter, the defendant in the attachment, as whose property the land was sold. The case has been submitted on printed arguments; which present a full and able view and discussion of the points arising in the cause.
On comparing the record of the proceedings on the attachment, with the provisions of the act of 1805, Chase's Ohio Laws, 462, &c., the acts of the court in all the course of the cause appear to be in conformity t.herewith, except in the following particulars, on which the objections to the validity of the sale are founded :
1. By the first section itiprovides tht an affidavit shall be made and filed with the clerk before the writ issues, and if this is not done the writ shall be quashed, on motion: no such affidavit is found in the record.
2. The fifteenth section directs three months notice to be given by publication in a newispaper, of the issuing of the attachment, before judgment shallbe entered; the eleventh section also prdscribes, that fifteen days ritice of sale shall be given by the auditors: neither of. which appears by the record to have been done.
3. By the proviso to the eighth secden, the defendant niust be
three times called, at each of the three terms preceding j udgment, and
make default, which defaults shall be recorded by the clerk: no entry is made of such default at the December term 1807.
4. By the eleventh section, the auditors a,':'prohibited from selling till the expiration of twelve tnonhsrfoi'o the return of the writ: whereas the order issued before; and it does not appear when the sale was made..
5. The, return of thd sale by the auditors, show.-; a sale to one

JANUARY TERM 1836.

471

[Voorhees v. Th6 Bank of the United States.]
person, and a deed to others; not in any mode counected with the record.
There is no provision in the law, that if the several acts therein directed to be done are omitted, the sale or any other proceedings under the attachment shall be deemed void: but by-the thirteenth section it is declared, that every sale and conveyance, made by the said auditors, or any two of them, by virtue of the authority herein granted, shall be ais binding and effectual, as if the same had been made by the said defendant, prfor to the service of the said attachment.
It is contended by-the counsel for the plaintiffs in error, that all the requisitions of the law are conditions precedent; which must not only be performed before the power of the court to order a sale, or the auditors to execute it, can arise; but that such performance must appear on the record.
The first part of this proposition is the true meaning of the law of Ohio: the various acts required to be done previous to a sale arc prescribed by a proviso, which in deeds and laws is a limitation or exception to a grant made or authority conferred'; the effect of which is to declare, that the one shall not operate, or the other be exercised, unless in the case provided.
By the eleventh section, the auditors are directed, by virtue of an order of the.court, to sell and convey the hinds attached, provided they give notice : notice then is the condition, on the performance of which their duty and power depend ; and the act must be done to make the execution of the power consistent with the law.
But the provisions of the law do not prescribe what shall be deemed evidence that such acts have been done, or direct that their performance shall appear on the record. The thirteenth section, which gives to the conveyance of the auditors the same effect as a deed from the defendant in.the attachment; contains no other linvitation than that it shall be " in virtue of the authority herein branted." . This ieaves the question open to the application of those general principles of law, by which the validity of sales made under judicial process must be tested ; in the. ascertainmeit of which, we do not think it necessary to examine the record in the attachment, for evidence that the acts alleged to have been omitted appear therein tW have been done. Assuming the conrary to be the case, the merits of the present coptroversy _ire narrowed to the single question, whether this omission invalidates the sale. *The several courts of corn-

SUPREME COURT.
[Voorhees v. The Bank of the United States.]
mon pleas of Ohio, at the time of these proceedings, were courts of general civil jtirisdiction ; to which was added, by the act of 1805, power to issue writs of attachments, and order a sale of the property attached on certain conditions: no objection therefore can be made to their jurisdiction over the case, the cause of action, or the property attached. The process which they adopted, was the same as prescribed by the law; they ordered a sale which was executed, and on the return thereof gave it-their confirmation. This was the judg.ment of a court of competent jurisdiction on all the acts preceding the sale, affirming their validity in the same manner, as their judgment had affirmed the existence of a debt. There is no principle of law better settled, than that every act of a court of competent jurisdiction shall be presumed to have been rightly done, till the contrary appears: this rule applies as well to every judgment or decree, rendered in the various stages of their proceedings f-om the initiation to their completion, as to their adjudication that the plaintiff has a right of action. Every matter adjudicated, becomes a part of their record ; which thenceforth proves itself, without referring to the evidence on which it has been adjudged.
In this case the court issued an order of sale agreeably to law, which having been returned by the auditors, and "' being inspected, the court grant judgment of confirmation thereon." It is therefore a direct adjudication, that the order of sale was executed according to law. They had undoubted authority to render such a judgment; and there is nothing on the record to show that it was not rightfully exercised. If the defendants' objections can be sustained, it will be on the ground that this judgment is false; and that the order of sale was not executed according to law, because the evidence of its execution is not of record. The same reason would equally apply to the non-, residence of the defendant within the state, the existence of a debt due the plaintif, or 'any other, creditor, w hich is the basis on which the whole proceedings rest. The auditors are equally silent on the evidence, upon which they reported that debts were due by the defendant, as on the evidei ce of notice and due publication ; but no one could pretend that the judgment that the debts reported were due, shall be presumed to- be false. Though the able and ingenious argument of tie defendants has not been directed at this part of the judgment of the court of common pleas ; the grounds of objection are broad enough to embrace it: for in resting their case on the only. position which the record leaves them, they necessarily affirm the

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Voorhees v. The Bank of the United States.]
general proposition, that a sale by order of a court of competent jurisdiction, may be declared a nullity in a collateral action, if their record does not show affirmatively, the evidence of a compliance with the terms prescribed by law in making such sale. We cannot hesitate in giving a distinct and unqualified negative to this proposition, both on principle, and authority too well and long settled to be questioned.
That some sanctity should be given to judicial proceedings; some time limited, beyond which they should not be questioned; some protection afforded to those who purchase at sales by judicial process; and some definite rules be established, by which property thus acquired may become transmissible, with security to the possessors: cannot be denied. In this country particularly, where property, which within a few years was but of little value, in a wilderness, is now the site of large and flourishing cities : its enjoyment should-be at least as secure, as in that country where its value is less pro. gressive.
It is among the elementary principles of the common law, that whoever would complain of the proceedings of a court, must do it in such time as not to injure his adversary by unnecessary delay in the assertion of his right. If he objects to the mode in which he is brought into court, he must do it before he submits to the process adopted. If the proceedings against him are not conducted according to the rules of law and the court, he must move to set them aside for irregularity: or, if there, is any defect in the form or manner in which he is sued, he may assign those defects specially, and the court will not hold him answerable till such defects are remedied. But if he pleads to the action generally, all irregularity is waived, and the court can decide only on the rights of the parties to the subject matter of'controversy: their judgment is conclusive, unless it appears on the record that the plaintiff has no title to the thing demanded, or that in rendering judgment they have erred in law: all defects in setting out a title, or in the evidence to prove it, are cured, as well as all irregularities which may have preceded the judgment.
So long as this judgment remains in force, it is in itself evidence of the right of the plaintiff to the thing adjudged, and gives him a right to process to execute the judgment: the errors of the cburt, however apparent, can be examined only by an appellate power; and by the laws of every country a time is fixed for such examination, whether in rendering judgment, issuing execution, or enforcing it
VOL. X.-3 K

SUPREME COURT.
[Voorhees v. The Bank of the United States.]
bl process of sale or imprisonment. No rule can be more reasonable, than that the person who complains of an injury done him, should avail himself of his legal rights in a reasonable time, or that that time should be limited by law.
This has wisely been done by acts of limitation on writs of error and appeals: if that time elapses, common justice requires, that what a defendant cannot do directly in the mode pointed out by law, le shall not be permitted to do collaterally by evasion.
A judgment or execution irreversible by a superior court, cannot be declared a nullity by any authority of law, if it has been rendered by a cobrt of competent jurisdiction of the parties the subject matter, with authority to use the process it has issued : it must remain the only test.of the respective rights of the parties to it. If the validity of a sale under its process can be questioned for any irregularity preceding the judgment, the court which assumes such power places itself in the position of that which rendered it, and deprives it of all power of regulating its own practice or modes of proceeding in the progress of a cause to judgment. If after its rendition it is declared void for any matter which can be assigned for error only on a writ of error or appeal; then such court not only usurps the jurisdiction of an appellate court, but collaterally nullifies what such court is prohibited by express statute law from even reversing.
If the principle once prevails, that any proceeding of a court of competent jurisdiction can be declared to be a nullity by any court, after a writ of error or appeal is barred by limitation, every county court, or justice of the peace in the union, may exercise the same right, from which our own judgments or process would not be exempted. The only difference in this respect between this and any other court is, that no court can revise our proceedings; but that differpn.ce disappears, after the time prescribed for a writ of error or appeal to revise those of an inferior court of the United States or of any state; they.stand on the same footing in law. The errors of the court do not impair their validity: binding till reversed, any objection to their full effect,.must go to the authority under which they have'been conducted. If not warranted by the constitution or lawof the land, our most solemn Orqceedings can confer no right which is denied to any judicial act under, colour, of law, which can properly be deemed to have been done coram non judicf; that is,: by persons assuming the judicial function in the given case without lawful. authority.
The line which separates error in judgment from the usun on

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Voorhees v. The Bank of the United States.]
of power is very definite; and is precisely that which denotes the cases where a judgment or decree is reversible only by an appellate court, cr may be declared a nullity collaterally, when it is offered in evidence in an action concerning the matter adjudicated, or purporting to have been so. In the one case, it is a record importing absolute verity; in the other, mere waste pape : there can be no middle character assigned to judicial.proceedings, ivhich are irreversible for error. Such is their effect between the parties to the suit; and such are the immunities which the law affords to a'plaintiff Who has obtained an erroneous judgment or executioh. It would be a well merited reproach to our jurisprudence, if an innocent purchaser, no party to the suit, who had paid his money on the faith of an order of a court ; should rot have the same protection under an erroneous proceeding, as the party who derived the benefit accruing from it. A purchaser under judicial process, pays the plaimiff his demand on the property sold: to the extent of the purchase mo'aey, he discharges the defendant from his adjudged obhgation. Time has given an inviolable sanctity to every act of the court preceding the sale, which precludes the defendant from controverting the absolate right of the plaintiff to the full benefit of his judgment ; and it shall not be permitted that the purchaser shall be answerable for defects in the record, from the consequence of which the plaintiff is absolved. Such flagrant injustice is imputable neither to the common or statute law of the land. If a judgment is reversed for error, it is a settled principle of the common law coeval with its existence, that the defendant shall have restitution only of the money ; the purchaser shall hold the property sold; and there are few, if any states in the union who have not consecrated this principle by statute.
This great rule, established for the protection of purchasers on the faith of judicial process, will be utterly prostrated ; encouragement will be given todefendants in judgments, tlheir heirs and privies, to take advantage of the security into which honest purchasers have been lulled ; if any judicial proceeding which could stand the test of a writ of error, or appeal, if taken in time, or had become irreversible directly, could be avoided collaterally.
Acts of limitation become useless if a defendant is allowed to evade them by avoiding judgments or executions, on the suggestion of defects or omissions in the record, which can be reviewed only by an appellate court: a direct premium is held out for delaying the resort to the mode pointed out by law for correcting the errors of judicial

SUPREME COURT.
[Voorhees v. The Bank of the United States.]
proceedings. His debt is paid by the purchaser- the property purchased is restored to the defendant without any obligation to refund; and that which was, when sold, of little value, and bought at its full price paid to the defendant's use, becomes his rightful estate, when the remote out lot has become a mart for commerce, and covered with .valuable improvements. Had he brought his writ of error in time, and reversed the judgment or execution on which it was sold, justice would have been done him by a restitution of the purchase money; and to the purchaser, by leaving him in the quiet enjoyment of the property purchased. Such are the consequences of the doctrines contended for by the defendants' counsel, in their objections to the proceedings on the attachment: none of them affect the jurisdiction of the court, or its authority to order or confirm the sale : the acts omitted to be noticed on the record are not judicial, but ministerial, tobe performed by the clerk, or auditors. It was a good gyound for a motion to quash, or suspend the proceedings for irregularity, if they had not been done in fact.: and as the judgment was by default, perhaps the omission to state them on the record may have been good cause for reversal on a writ of error. But o .an inspection of these proceedings collaterally, we can judicially see only what the court has done; not whether they have proceeded inverso ordine, erroneously, according to the proof before them, or what they have omitted, or ought to have done. They have adjudged that the order of sale was executed agreeably to law : nothing appears on the record to impugn their judgment; it must, therefore, be taken to be true in fact, and valid in law. Their order of sale was a lawful authority to the auditors to sell: it was a full justification to them in obeying it: it was executed in virtue of the authority granted by the law to the court, who have not exceeded their jurisdiction: and the deed of the, auditors passed the titte to the premises in controversy to the purchaser.
It has not been thought necessary to review the various cases cited in the argument : the principles which must govern this and all other sales by judicial process, are. general ones adopted for the security of titles, the repose of possession, and the enjoyment of property by innocent purchasers, who are the favourites of the law in every court, and by every code. Nor shall we refer to the decisions 6f state courts, or the adjudged cases in the books of the common law: our own repeated and uniform decisions cover the whole case ; in its most expandoa view; and the highest considerations call upon us so to re-

JANUARY TERM 1836.

477

[Voorhees v. The Bank of the United States.]
affirm them, that all questions such as have arisen in this cause may be put at rest in this and the circuit courts. In Bla4ne v. The Charles Carter, a ship had been sold under executions issued within ten days after judgment, contrary to the express prohibition of the twentythird section of the judiciary act ; but no writ of error was taken out. The court declared,. that if the executions were irregular, " the court from which they issued ought to have been moved to set them aside. They were not void, because the mnrshal could have justified under them ; and if voidable, the proper means of destroying their efficacy had not been pursued." The decree of the circuit coiirt was affirmed, and the money ordered to be paid over to the execution creditor. 4 Cranch 328, 333.
In Wheaton v.Sexton, the case turned on the validity of the sale of real estate by the marshal of this district, by virtue of an excution, in which the language of this court is: " the purchaser depends on the judgment, the levy and the deed. All other questions are between the parties to the judgment, and (he marshal. Whether the marshal sells before, or after the return ; whether he makes a correct return or any return at all to the.writ; is immaterial to the purchaser:' -p. rovided the writ was duly issued, anl the levy made before the return." 4 Wheat. 506.
InTolmie v. Thompson, there had been a sale under an order of the orphan's court of this district, which had been confirmed'by them; and a deed made to the purchaser, the validity of which was questioned, on objections similar to those now under consideration. The court say : " those proceedings were brought before the court collaterally, and are by no means subject to all the exceptions which might be taken on a direct-appeal. They may well be considered judicial proceedings: they were commenced in a court of justice ; carried on under the supervising power of the court, and to receive its final ratification. The general and well settled rule of law in such cases is, that when the proceedings are collaterally drawn inquestion, and it appears on the face of them that the subject matter was within the jurisdiction of the court, they are voidable only. The errors and irregularities, if any exist, are to be corrected by some direct proceeding, either before the same court to set them aside, or in an appellate court. If there is a total want of jurisdiction, the proceedings are void and a mere nullity, and confer no right, and afford no justification; and may be rejected when collaterally drawn in question."
The purchaser is not bound to look beyond the decree when exe-

SUPREME COURT.
[V-oorhees v. The Bank of the United States.]
cuted by a conveyance, if the facts necessary to give jurisdiction appear on the face of the proceedings ; nor to look further back than the order of the court. " If the jurisdiction was improvidently exercised, or in a manner not warranted by the evidence before it, it is not to be corrected at the expense of the purchaser; who had a right to rely upon the order of the court, as an authority emanating from a competent jurisdiction." 2 Peters 163, 168. "When a court has jurisdiction, it hals a right to decide every question that arises in the cause ; and whether the decision be correct or not, its judgment until reversed is regarded as binding in every other court." Elliott v.
Piersol, 1 Peters 340 ; 2 Peters 169. In Taylor v. Thompson, this court affirmed a principle of the
common law ; that the sale of a term of years inder a fieri facias, issued after and while the defendant was in execution under a ca. sa. on the same judgment, was good when made to a stranger to the execution. 5 Peters 370.
In the United States v. Arredondo, it was laid-down as an universal principle, that when power or jurisdiction is delegated to any public officer or tribunal over a subject matter, and its exercise is confided to his or their discretion ; the acts. so done are valid and binding as to the subject matter; and individual rights will not be disturbed collaterally, for any thing done in the exercise of that discretion within the authority and power conferred. The only questions-which can arise, between an individual claiming a right under the acts done; and the public, or any person denying their validity; are power in the officer, and fraud in the party. All other questions are settled by the decision made, or the act done by the tribunal or officer; unless an appeal or other revision of their proceedings is prescribed by law. 6 Peters 7 29i 730.
These are rules of property which have been established- so far as the authority of this court can do it: they apply to and must govern this case on the broad principles laid down ; and none of them come into collision with any construction given to the laws of Ohio, prescribing the mode of transferring real estate by judicial procuss. On the broadest ground, therefore, which has been taken in any of the specified objections to the proceedings of the court of common pleas in the attachment suit; we are most clearly of opinion, that none of them can be sustained, without the violation of principles which ought to remain inviolable.
The remaining objection is, that the auditors did not make their

JANUARY TERM 1836.

479

[Voorhees v. The Bank of the United States.]
deed to the person who purchased at the sale under the order of the court. This is a matter entirely between such person and those to whom the deed was made : to Cutter, it is immaterial to whom the conveyance was made; his right was extinguished by the sale and confirmation. It is equally immaterial to those who claim under Cutter, who received the deed ; Stanley, the purchaser, or Foster, the plaintiff: it was a matter between themselves, which can have no effect on the validity of.the sale, were it unexplained. But connecting the record with the deeds, their inspec ,tion removes the objection, for the reasons stated in the argument of counsel. -Samuel Foster was the principal creditor, and plaintiff in the- suit; Stanley purchased, but took his deed from Foster and Woodward, with their covenants of seisin, warranty and title: had he taken a deed directly from the auditors, it must have been without any covenants. The object was evidently to have an assurance of the title: for both deeds were executed and acknowledged on the same day, and the consideration of both was the
same.
The judgment of the circuit court is affirmed.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Ohio, and was argued by counsel ; on consideration whereof, it is ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said circuit court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed with costs.

SUPREME COURT.
THOMAS LELAND AND CYNTHIIA B. LELAND HIS WIFE, LEMUEL
HASTINGS, GEORGE CARLTON AND ELIZABETH WAITE CARLTON HIS WIFE, WILLIAM JONES' HASTINGS, JONATHAN JENKS HASTINGs, LAMBERT HASTINGS, JOEL HASTINGS, HUBBARD HASTINGS AND HARRIET MARIA HASTINGS, PLAINTIFFS V. DAVID WILKINSON.
Cynthia Jenks, on a petition to the general assembly of Rhode Island, representing that she was the executrix of the last w'll and testament of Jonathan Jenks, late of Winchester, in the state of New Hampshire, deceased; and the personal property being insufficient to pay the debts of the estate ; obtained authority from the judge of probate to make sale of so much of the real estate of the deceased as should be necessary to pay the debts. Under this authority she sold and con. veyed certain lands in the state of Rhode Island, as beloi ging to the estate, and received a part of the consideration money, and the balance was to be paid when the deed executed by the petitioner should Be ratified by the general assembly. The residue of the purchase money was represented to be absolutely necessary to pay the debts of the estate, and a ratification of the deed, &c. was prayed. In the lower house, June 1792, "it was voted and resolved, that the said 'petition be received, and that the said deed and the same is hereby ratified and confirmed, so far as respects the conveyance of any right or interest in said estate, mentioned in said deed, which belonged to the said Jonathan Jenks at the time of his decease." And in the upper house this resolve was read the same day, and concurred in.
By the Court, The purchasers, under the deed sanctioned, received all the interest in the premises which had been vested in Jonathan Jenks, and which on his death vested in his heirs or devisees. The act of the legislature and the deed are unconditional, and neither the heirs of Cynthia Jenks, nor any other persons can impeach the deed by evidence of facts prior to the act of confirmation.
The power of the legislature of Rhode Island in relation to the confirmation of such sales of real estate, is greater than the strict judicial power. They may sanction past transactions, where vested rights are not disturbed; while the court can only authorize a title to be made in future.
ON a certificate of division in opinion betweer the judges of the circuit court of the United States for the district of Rhode Island.
The case was submitted to the court by Mr Whipple, for the defendant, on. a printed argument. No counsel appeared for ihe plaintiff.
Mr Justice M'LEAN delivered the'opinion of the Court. The matters in controversy in this case are contained in certain points, on which the judges of the circuit court for the district of

JANUARY TERM 1836.

295"

[Leland et a. v. Wilkinson.]
Rhode Island were divided; and which have been certified for decision to this court, under the act of congress.
The plaintiffs brought their action of ejectment against the defendant, to recover possession of the land in controversy; and they claim as the heirs at law of Cynthia Jenks. It was proved that Jonathan Jenks, who was seised of the premises, and who died in January 1787,-devised the land to his daughter Cynthia, a few dayR before his dece ase.
The defendant's counsel gave in evidence a ,certain deed, executed by Cynthia Jenks, executrix,' to Moses Brown and Ariel Wilkinson, dated the 12th of November 1791, and a certain bond or warrant of the same date.
Also the petition of Cynthia Jenk# to the general assembly of Rhode Island, *representing that she was executrix of the last will and testament of Jonathan Jenks, late of Winchester, in the state of New Hampshire, deceased; and that the personal property-being insufficient to pay the debts of the estate, she obtained authority from the judge of probate to make Sale of so much of -the real estate of the deceased as should be necessary to pay the debts. · And that under this authority she sold and conveyed certain lands in the state of Rhode Island, as belonging to the estate, and received a part of the consideration money; and the balance was to be paid when the deed executed by the petitioner should be ratified by the general assembly. The residue of the purchase money was represented to be absolutely necessary to pay the debts of the estate, and a ratification of the deed
&c. was prayed. In the lower house, June 1792i "it was voted and resolved, that
the said petition be received, and that the said deed and the same is hereby ratified and confirmed, so far as respects the conveyance of any right or interest in said estate, mentioned in said deed, which belonged to the said Jonathan Jenks at the time of his decease." And in the.upper house this resolve was read the same day, and concurred in.
The questions adjourned to this court are as follows: 1. Whether the confirmatory act, above stated, is sufficient to divest the title of the plaintiffs, if the sale of Cynthia Jeuks, the executrix, confirmed by that act, was not necessary to pay the debts of her testator, Jonathan Jenks. 2. Whether the burthen of proof of the existence of such debts, and the insufficiency of the personal estate, and also of the real

SUPREME COURT.
[Leland et al. v. Wilkinson.]
estate, which the said Jonathan Jenks, by his said will, authorized his executors to sell, and pay the same, or of either of said points, is, on the defendant. . 3. Whether the said confirmatory act is prima facie evidence of the existence of such debts, and of such insufficiency of personal estate and real estate, so authorized to be sold as aforesaid.
4. Whether the defendant is to be deemed and held to be a pur. chaser for a valuable consideration, bona fide, and without notice ; so that he can protect.himself under his title aforesaid ; notwithstanding there might have been no d-diciency of assets, and no debts of the testator remaining unpaid at the time of the sale of Cynthia Jenks, executrix as aforesaid, and the passage of the confirmatory act afore.said.
5. Whether the description of the demanded premises in the said deed of Cynthia Jenks, taken in connexion with the confirmatory act, issufficient in law to divest the plaintiff's title to the same, and convey'the same to the grantees.
6. Whether the recital of the license of the judge of probate in New Hampshire, contained in the deed of Cynthia Jenks, dated November 12th 1791i and the recital of and reference to said license in the petition of the said Cynthia to the legislature, and the act passed, is prima facie evidence of such license.
The whole of these questions, with the exception of a part of the fifth, that refers to a description of the premises, and which is not so stated as to enable the court to decide it, may be included in the simple irquiry, whether the grantees in the deed, confirmed by the legislature,, took an absolute title to the premises in dispute. If this inquiry be answered in the affirmative, there is an end to all further inquiries; and if in the negative, it follows that the title and all the proceedings referred to, could only be considered as prima facie evidence of the facts represented.
In 1829 this case was brought before this court by -writ of error; and the court then decided, that the legislature of Rhode Island had the power to pass the above act. -2 Peters 647. And the only question which remains for consideration is, the eflect of such legislh.tiye act.
If the legislature had power to confirm the deed in question, isit not made absolute by the confirmatory act? That such ist-he cha-, racter of a title,. made by ati executor under an order of court, is admitted; and is it not clear, that the sanction of*the legislature Imust produce the same effect ?

-JANUARY TERLM 1836.
[Leand et al. v. Wilkinson.]
In this respect the power of the legislature .of Rhode Island is greater than the strictly judicial power; for they may sanction past transactions, where vested rights are not disturbed; while the coxirt can only authorize a title to.be made in future.
No fratid is alleged between the purchasers and executrix ; and the presumption is, that they acted in good faith. Nor does it appear that the rights of strangers were affected by the sale.
The purchasers. then, under the deed sanctioned, received all the interest in the premises which had been vested in Jonathan Jenks, and which on his death vested in his heirs or devisees. The act of the legislature and the deed are unconditional; and neither the heirs of Cynthia Jenks, nor any other persons, can impeach the deed by evidence of facts prior.to the act of' confirmation. The legislature would have. investigated. he facts and confirmed the deed, to but little purpose, if it -is to be considered only as prima facie evidence of title. In this view.it would be necessary, in order to.resist the title set up by the plaintiffs, to show that the administratrix proceeded regularly .inher acts of administration ; and that the sale of the real estate of the, deceased, in Rhode Islandiwas necessary to pay debts. But this is not. the nature of the title received by the purchasers. So far as the deed, under the sanctions given to i lj1rports to convey ; all ithe right to the premises, of which Jonathan Jenks was seised at the time of his decease, was conveyed absolutely.
This cause came on to:be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit.court of the United States for the district of Rhode Island; and on the points and questions on which the judges of the said circuit court were opposed in opinion, and which were certified to this court for its opinion, agreeably to the act of congress in such case made and p~ovided ; and was argued by counsel : on consideration. whereof, it, is the opinion.of this court that the grantees in the deed confirmed by the legislature of Rhode Island, took an absolute title to the premises in dispute in this cause ;-which opinion answers the first, second, third, fourth and sixth questions so certified ; and also the fifth question, except that part of said fifth question which refers to a description of the premises, and which is not so stated as to enable this court to express an opinion; all of which is hereby ordered and adjudged, by this court, to be certified to the said circuit court.
VOL. x.-2 N

JANUARY TERM 1836.

125

THE UNITED STATES, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR V. THE HEIRS AND
REPRESENTATIVES OF JOSEPH H. HAWKINS) DECEASED.

Althougch a-venire de novo is frequently awarded by a court of error upon a bill of

exceptions, to enable parties to amend, and though amendments may, in tie sund

discretion of the court, upon a new trial, be permitted, the venire de novo is, in no

instance, any thing more than an order for a new trial in a cause in which the ver-

dict or judgment is erroneous in matter of law; and is never "equivalent to s new

suit." No statute of the United States alters the law in this regard.

It has never been the practice of the circuit courts, in suits under the law of the 3d

March 1797, to deny to defendants a claim for credits against the United States,

because they had not been presented and disallowed before the commencement of

the suit.. The practice, to allow a claim for credits, after the suit has been com-

mcnced,.is sustained by the spirit and letter of the third and fourth sections of the

statute. When adefendant seeks to obtain a continuance to prevent judgment

from beiig granted to the United States at the return term of the cause, he is re-

quired, by the third section, to make oath or affirmation that he is equitably entitled

to credits which had been, previous to the commencement of the suit, submitted to

the consideration of the accounting officers ofthe treasury department, an4 rejected;

but the fourth section, which directs that n4 claim for a credit shall be admitted

*upontrial, but such as shall appear to havelbeep presented to the accounting offi-

cers of the (reasury, and by them disallowe( , the words "previous to the comm"ence-

ment of the suit" are omitted; and further prov'ision is made for a claim for credits,

at the time of trial, v hen it shall be proved to the satisfaction of the court, that the

defendant is in possession of vouchers not before in his power to procure, and that

he was prevented from exhibiting a claim for such credits, at the treasury, by ab-

sence from the United States, or some unavoidable accident. Thus showing it to

be an inflexible requirement of the-statute, that the defendant shall have had his

claim for credits disallowed, before he can prevent the United States from getting

judgment at the return term, by a continuance of the cause; and that he may have

them submitted to a jury at the trial, if they have' been refused by the accounting

officers of the treasury, after the'suit has been instituted; or if he can bring himself

within either of the liberal provisions of the fourth section of the act of the 3d March

1797.

-

If a navy agent, without a receipt from a purser, upon a requisition for money, volun-

teers .to pay demands which it is ,the purser's duty to pay, or shall pay the orders

of a purser, and shall permit the receipts for the sums paid by him to get into the

purser's possession, by whom they are exhibited at the treasury, and allowed in the

final settlement of his account, without the purser's haring given credit to the navy

agent, or to the government, for the amount; it assumes the character of a private

transaction between the purser and the navy agent, or becomes a debt due from the

purser, as an individual; to the navy agent, as a private person: and the latter can-

not claim the amount at the treasury as an allowance in the settlenment of his ac-

count, nor as a legal or eq itable credit in a suit against him by the United States.

SUPREME COURT.
The statute prevents delinquent officers from delaying the United States by frivolous pretences, from obtaining judgment at the return term; gives to the defendant,the full benefit of having every credit to which he may suppose himself equitably entitled, and which has been disallowed, passed upon by ajury; and guards the district attorney from surprise, by informing him, through the treasury department, before the tinr of trial, of the credits whiclthave been claimed, and the reasons for the rejection of them; All the provisions of this statute, regulating the institution of suits and t ,overy by'judgment of unpaid balances from delinquent officers, are as munch a- part or their bonds, as if. they were recited in them; and officers and their Securities are, in contennlsinn-of law, appized of-thbost provisions, when their bonds axe execiate.
IN error to the district court of the United States, from the eastern district of Louisiana.
This case was before the court at January term 1832, on a writ of error, to the district court of Louisiana, prosecuted by Nathaniel Cox, Nathaniel and James Dick, plaintiffs in error, v. the United States, 6 Peters's Reports, 172. Nathaniel Cox, and John Dick, the father of Nathaniel and James Dick, were the sureties of Joseph H. Hawkins, in his official bond to the United States,' as navy agent of the United States, at New Orleans. In the district court, a judgment was given in favor of the United States, and the same was reversed for an informality in entering th6 same.
On the former writ of error, certain questions were raised as to the admission of evidence offered in the district court, on the part of the defendants, and rejected by the court. This court, sustained the decision of the district judge, 6 Peters's Rep. 200.
The judgment of the district court of Louisiana having been reversed, the cause went back to that court on the following mandate:
"Whereas lately -in the district court of the United States for the eastern district of Louisiana before you, in a cause wherein the United States of America were plaintiff, and the heirs and representatives of J. H. Hawkins, the heirs and representatives of John.Dick and Nathaniel Cox, were defendants, the judgment of the- said district court was in the following words, viz.
"'T-be court -having maturely considered the motion in &rest of ruqmefit, now order that judgment be entered up as-of the

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[The United States v. HIawkins.]
15th instant, against the estate of John Dick and Nathaniel Cox, jointly and severally, for the sum of 20,000 dollars, with six per centum interest frowi the 2d day of January 1830, until paid, and costs of suit, and that judgment be entered up against Nathaniel Dick and James Dick, for the sum of 10,006 dollars each, with six per centum interest from the 2d day of January 1830, until paid, and the costs.' As by the inspection of the transcript of the record of the said district court, which'was brought into the supreme court of the United States by virtue of a writ of error, agreeably to the act of congress in such case made and provided, fully and at large appears.
"And whereas in the present term of January, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, the said cause came on to be heard before the said supreme court, on the said transcript of th- record, and was argued by counsel, on coqsideration whereof, it is adjudged and ordered by this court, that the judgment of the said district court in this cause be, and the some is hereby, reversed ; and that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said district court, with-direction to award a venire facias de novo.
" You, therefore, are hereby commanded,, that such farther proceedings be had in said cause, as according-to right, justice, and the laws of the United States ought to be had, the said writ of error notwithstanding."
Further proceedings took place in the cause in the district court, which are stated at large in the opitxion of the court. A verdict was rendere, against the United States ; and exceptions being taken to the char-ge.of the court, the United States prosecuted this writ of error.
The case was argued by Mr. Butler, attorney-gencral, for the United States. No counsel appeared for the defendants in error.
He stated that, on the former trial in the district court, the allegation was, that certain sums had been paid at the treasury which had not been allowed in favor of the defendant, Nathaniel Cox. These claims were not the matters-of defence on the second trial; but it was alleged that balances were due to Cox, on a separate transaction with the United States, and

SUPREME COURT.
[The United States v. Hawkins.]
which were the subject of a separate suit between the defendant, Cox, and the United States. The original claim on the defendant was for upwards $15,000, Which was reduced by payments into the treasury to $2,870 62. It is admitted 'that Nathaniel Cox is entitled to a further credit of $1,320, although the same was not regularly established in the district court; and this sum may be allowed to him as an off-set to the judgment to which, on this record, the United States are entitled. To admit this sum to his credit, in the present state of the case, would reduce the.claim of the United'States below the amount required to sustain the jurisdiction of the court; and it is now acknowledged, that this credit shall be. ultimately, allowed ; but. in such a form as that this court can retain and decide the case
The United States object to the items of credit claimed by Cox, the defendant in error; not only on account of the irregularity of the proceedings, but also because they arenbt credits to which he was in any manner entitled.
On the last trial in the district court, these credits were objected to. They had not been claimed at the treasury prior to the institution of the suit; but before the second trial they were exhibited at the treasury, and they were refused. At this trial, after the mandate, they were admitted; the district court considering the case as standing in the situation of a new suit.
These credit3, now objected to, and which were improperly allowed to go to the jury, were claimed in a supplemental answer filed after the mandate on the 10th of March 1834. They were. the sum of $5,840 54, paid by reason of certain checks, &c. issued by purser Wilkinson, and disallowed at the treasury: and also the sum of $1,433 "12, also paid under the'same circumstances. Mr. Cox had been appointed navy agent, after the death of Hawkins.
It was con'tended, that the objections to these claims of credit were well taken by the district attorney of Louisiana, in the bills of exceptions, on two grounds:
1. It did not appear that the documents to sustain them had been presented to the proper officers of the treasury before the commencement of this suit by petition, filed October 19, 1823.
"2.That it appeared that those sums had been already allowed
to purser Wilkinson.

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[The United States v. Hawkins.]
Notwithstanding these objections, the district judge allowed .them to be read in evidence, as competent testimony. The court stated to the jury, that although the credits had been al, lowed to purser Wilkinson, it Was no reason they should not be allowed to Mr. Cox, if the jury thought they were equitably due.
Mr. Justice WAYNE delivered the opinion of the Court. On the 19th October, 1825, the United States instituted a suit in the district court of the United States for the eastern district of Louisiana, according to the practice of that 8tate, upon a bond of Joseph H. Hawkins, as principal, afi Nathaniel Cox and John Dick, as sureties in the penalty of twenty thousand dollars, with the condition ' that if Joseph H. Hawkins shall regularly account, when thereto required, for all public moneys received by him, from time to time, and for all public property committed to his care, with such person or persons, officer or officers of the government of the United States, as shall be duly authorized to settle and adjust his accounts, and shall, moreover, pay over, as may be directed, any sum or sums that may be found due to the United States upon any such settlement or settlements, and shall faithfully discharge, in every respect, the trust reposed in. him, then the said obligation to be void and of no effect, otherwise to remain in full force and virtue ;' and assigned as a breach of the condition of the bond, that the said Hawkins did not-in his lifetime regularly account for all the -public moneys received by him, &c., but did at his death remain indebted to the United States in the sum of fifteen thousand five hundred and fifty-three dollard and eighteen cents, for moneys received by him as navy agent, from the United States, since the date of the bond. Hawkins being dead, and without legal representatives, and Dick, one of his securities, being also dead at the time of the institution of the suit, but having legal representatives; the latter with Cox, the other surety of Hawkins, appeared according to the practice of Louisiana, and put in separate answers and defences. A verdict was found for the United* States, and judgment entered up against the estate,.of John Dick and Nathaniel
VOL. X.-B

SUPREME COURT.
[The United States v. I1awking.1
Cox, jointly and severally, for the sum of twenty thousand dol.lars;, and, also, against Nathaniel Dick and James Dick, the representatives of John Dick, for the sum of ten thousand dollars each. The defendants then paid into court the sum of twelve thousand six hundred and eighty-two dollars and forty-six cents, on account of the judgment, and sued out separate writs of error to this court; and the judgment was roversed, as may be seen by the report of the case, in 6 Peters 172, with directions to award a venire facias de novo. Upon the return of the mandate, the defendant Cox petitioned the district court to be allowed to file a supplemental answer, in which he pleads, as a set-off, debts alleged to be due to him by the United States ; one in his own right of SI ,320 27, balance of account in his capacity of United States giavy agent, settled at the treasury' department, as appears by a certified copy filed in another suit in said court; and two other sums alleged to be due to him by the United States, for payments made by him, in his capacity of navy agent, on account of the United States, upon the checks and vouchers of one Joseph B. Wilkinson, then a purser of the United States on the Orleans station; which he states had been presented and disallowed at the treasury department. Against the defendant's application, to file the supplemental answer, the district attorney of the United States objected,' that the sums placed as set-off were foregn to the matters in controversy between the parties ;' and, secondly, 'that the sums cannot be admitted as a credit at the trial of the cause, under the third and fourth sections of the act of Congress of the 3d March, 1797, inasmuch as the same were not, previous to the commencement of this suit, submitted to the accounting officers of the treasury, and rejected.' The objections of the district attorney were overruled by the court, leave' was given to file the answer ; the court expressing its opinion, I that the mandate of the supreme court ordering a new trial, authorized the plea to be filed, and that the defendant might eauitably be Allowed, under the said act of congress, to establish, by proof, the sums claimed to be due by way of credit.'
Distinguishing between the judicial discretion of the court to permit a supplemental answer Yo be filed, or to a defendant upon a venire facias de novo to amend, to enable him to avail himself

JANUA;RY TERM 1836.
[The United States v. Hawkins.J
of a proper defence, which he had not pleaded on the first trial, we Will here merely remark, that the objections of the district attorney should have prevailed against the allowance of it in this instance, for reasons which will be found to apply when we slif discuss the exceptions takbn by the district attorney to the judgment, by which this cause has gain been brought to the supreme, court by writ of error.
Upon the supplemental answer, however, the cause was carried to trial. The district attorney objected to the introduction of certain bills, orders, or documents offered by the defendant a evidence to sustain the set-off in his supplemental answer, on the ground that they were not ' sustainedby bills of"receipts showing: the sane were paid to persons in public service, or for furnishing materials or articles for public service, or that they had been approved by the commanding naval offiecr at New Orleans.' 'That it does not appear that the documents, bills, or orders had been presented to the proper accounting officers and disallowed previous to the commencement of this suit.
'l'hat.it appeared froin the document that the sunis mentioncd in it and claimed as a set-off by Cox, the defendant, had been, already allowed to purser Wilkinson.'
T"-hAe court- overruled, the objections, permitted the bill and voucher's to be -read-to-the jury, expressing its opinion that they were ' competent testim6ny to be weighed by the jury, and that the mandate of the sup!eine court requiring the mckw to be sent back with directions to issue a venire de novo, might prope-ly. be regarded as equivalent to a new suit within the statute.'
Without going into the doetrine in what cases, or for what, causes, a venire de novo will be directed, it is sufficient for us to say, though it is frequently awarded by a court of error upon a bill of exceptions, to enable parties to amend, -and though amendments may, in the sound discretion of the court, upon a iww trial, be permitted, the venire de novo is, in no instance, any thing more than an order for a new trial in a cause in which f.he verdict or judgment is erroneous in matter of law ; and' is never "equivalent to a new suit." No statute of the United States alters the law in this regard.
In regard to so much of the exception which objects to the in-

SUPREME COURT.
[The United States v. Hawkins.]
troduction of the bills, orders, or documents claimed as credits in the defendants' supplemental answer-because they had not been presented to the proper accounting officers, and disallowed previous to the tommencement of the suit-we remark: it has never been the practice of the circuit courts, in suits-under the law of the 3d March 1797, to deny to defendants a claim for cred-its against the United States, because they had not been presented and disallowed before the commencement of the suit. The practice to allow a claim for credits, after the suit has been commenced, is sustained by the spirit and letter of the third and fourth sections of the statute. When a defendant seeks to obtain a continuance to prevent judgment from being granted to the United Statesat the return term of. the cause, he is required, by the third section, to make oath or affirmation that he is equitably entitled to credits which had been, pevious to the commencement oJ the suit, submitted to the consideration of the accounting officers of the treasury department, and rejected; but the fourth section, which directs that no claim for a credit shall be admitted upon trial, but such as shall appear to have been presented to the accounting officers of the treasury, and by them disallowed., the words, "previous to the commencement of the suit" are omitted ; and further provision is made for a claim for credits, at the time of trial, when it shall be proved to the satisfaction of the court, that the defendant is in. possession of vouchers not before in his power to Procure, and that he was prevented from exhibiting a claim for such credits, at the treasury, by absence from the United States, or some unavoidable accident. Thus showing it to be an inflexible requirement of thetatute, that the defendant shall have had. his claim for credits disallowed before he can prevent the United States from getting judgment at the return term, by a con tinuance of the cause ; and that le may have them'submitted- to a jury at the trial, if they have been. refused by the accounting officers of the treasury after the suit has been.instituted, or if he can. bring himself within either of the liberal provisions of the fourth section of the act of 3d March 1797. Such was the construction given by this court to the third and fourth sections of that act, in. the case of the United States. v., Giles and others, 9 Cranch, 212 ; and Mr. Justice Story, giving.

JANUARY TERM 1836.

133

[The United States v. Hawkins.]
the opinion of the court, in the case of the United States v. Wilkins, 6 Wheaton, 135,' says: the fourth section "prohibits no claim for any credits which have been disallowed at the treasury, from being given in evidence by the defendant at the time of trial." The statute prevents delinquent officers from delaying the United States by frivolous pretences from obtaining judgient at the return term, gives to the-defendant the full benefit of having every credit to which he may suppose himself equitably entitled, and which has been disallowed,-passed upon by a jury ; and guards the district attorney from surprise, by informing him, through the treasury department, before the time of trial, of the credits which havebeen claimed, and the reasons for the rejec-tion of them. All the'provisions of this statute regulating the institution-of suits and the recovery by judgment of unpaid balances fiom delinquent officers, are as much a part of their bonds as if they were recited in them; and officers and their securities are, in contemplation of law, apprized of those provisions, when their bonds are executed.. Whilst our conclusion, therefore, is, that a defendant is not prevented from claiming the benefit of credits which may not have been disallowed before the commencement of the suit, we do not mean to say, that the credits claimed by the defendant, in his supplemental answer, were proper evidence in this cause.
We will now consider the objections to the credits claimeLby the defendant Cox, for payments said to have been made by him on the bills and orders of purscr Wilkinson, which were allowed to be given as evideuce to the jury ; the court giving its opinion "that, although the credits had been allowed to Wilkinson, it was no reason they should not be allowed to Cox, if the jury thought they were equitably due." This misdirection of the court arose from its misunderstanding the official relations between pursers and navy agents, and their separate accountability to the Government. Both are dis bursing officers, whose accounts are
separately kept at the treasury department; it being the duty of the navy agent, when he has funds of the Government on hand, .to comply with the reqtlisitions of the pursers for money ; the latter being sanctioned by the naval officer commanding the sta-" tion. The purser's receipt to the navy agent upon such requi-

SUPREME COURT.
[The United SLates v. Hawkins.]
sition is his voucher for a credit at the treasury; and the sum received by the purser is disbursed by him in paying officers and seamen, and for such supplies for the service as his commanding officer may sanction. The receipts taken by the purF-r are his vouchers for credits ;igainst the sun received by him from the navy agent ; but before the purser's accounts can be settled at the treasury, the original receipts are deposited by- him in that department. It follows then that credits which have been allowed to the purser cannot be afterwards claimed by the navy agent, without giving to hin a credit twice for the same sum ; the amount of the receipts in detail, and the purser's requisition upon him in gr6ss. Nor can the navy agent ever make a claim for such credits, without having first violated his instructions for the disbursement of government funds.
If"a navy agent, without a receipt from a purser upon a requisition for money,V6lunters to pay demands which it is the purser's duty to pay, or shall pay. the orders -of .purser, and shall permit the receipts for the sums paid by him to- get into te purser's possession, by whom they are exhibited at the treasury and. allowed in the final settlement of his account, without the purser'shaving given credit to the navy agent or to the Government for the amount, it assumes the character of a private transaction between the purser and the navy agent, or becomes a debt due fromithe purser, as an individual, to the navy agent, as a private person ; and the latter cannot claim the amount at the treasury as an allowance in the settlement of his account, nor as a legal oi equitable credit in a suit against him by the United States. Such is the attitude-of the defendant Cox in tfie claim which lie makes for credits on account of' the orders, of' purser Wilkinson, and such would have been the relations between him, purser Wilkinson, and the g6vernment, if he had sustained, by proof, the allegations in his supplemental answer, that he had paid, in his character of navy agent, and for the use of the United States, the bills and orders of purser Wilkinson. But there is no such proof. The document which the -court permitted to be given as evidence, and the oily evidence'upon which the defendant relies,shows that the credits claimed by him, had been allowed to putser Wilkinson on the settlement of his account; and it does not

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[The United States v. Hawkins.]
show any connexion between them entitling the defendant, upon any equitable-ground, to credit for any one of the items in that account. If he has any claim upon the conscience of purser Wilkinson, it must rest upon both having disregarded those regulations for the disbursement of public funds, which, when observed, are a protection to each, and which only preserve that responsibility between the officer and the government required by the public interest. In such a case, the defendant must look to purser'Wilkinson. The government is-not to be involved in the consequences to either, resulting from an irregular disbursement ofits funds. If, as may have been the case in this instance, purser Wilkinson, to oblige a discharged mariner, or one to whom his pay was due, when there were no funds on hand to pay him; assumed, by his duebill or order, the amount due, to enable the mariner to have it cashed by any one who would make him the advance, having taken a receipt afficially for the sum due by the government; and the navy agent afterwards took up the purser's duebill ; he did it for the honor-of the purser, and must look to him for repayment. He has not the purser's receipt for the money, but his duebill, which, -ifeven igned by the commanding officer of the station, and bearing -uponits face a connexion-with the original transaction between .the seaman and the service, would not give to the navy agent a legal or equitable claim for a credit at the treasury, because the purser cannot be debited there for any money foe which he has.not given his receipt in due form.
The judgment of the court below is reversed, and the cause sent back with directions to issue a venire de novo.
It is admitted by the attorney-general, that the defendant may be credited with the sum of thirteen hundred and twenty dollars and seventy-seven cents ;lhatsum being really due to him from the treasury: the balance claimed by the government being fifteen hundred and fifty dollars and forty-five cents.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the district court of the United States for the eastern district-of Louisiana, and was argued by counsel: on consideration whereof, it is ordered and adjudged by this court, that the

136

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. Hawkins.]
judgment of the said district court in this cause be, and the same is, hereby reversed : and that this cause be, and the same is, hereby remanded to the said district court, witb directions to award a venire facias de novo.

662

SUPREME COURT.

THE MAYOR, ALDERMEN. AND INHA1ITANTS Or NEW ORLEANS, AP-
PELLANTS V. THE UNITED STATES.
I no United States alleged, by a petition presented to the districtcourt of the United States for the district of Louisiana, that by the treaty, of cession of the late province of Louisiana, the United States succeeded to all the antecedent rights of France and Spain, as they then were, in and over the province, the dominion and possession thereof, including all lands which were not private property;. and that certain lots and vacant lands in front of the city ofNew Orleans, which the petition asserted passed to the United States by the cession, had, by an ordinance of the city, been directed to be sold for the use of the city. The petition prayed that the city of New Orleans should be perpetually enjoined from selling the same, or doing any other act which shall invade the rightful dominion of the United States over · the said land, or their possession of it, The city of New Orleans claimed the ground; which lies between the line of the front houses of the city and the river Mississippi: First, as having been left by the king of France as quays for the use and benefit of the city. Second, because if since the foundation of the city the space of ground became wider than was necessary for-the use of the city as quays, it was occasioned by alluvial deposits in front of the city, in consequence of works erected by the inhabitants at the expense of the city to advance the levee in front on the river. Third, because by the laws of Spain, in force when the alluvions were formed irk front of the city, such formations belonged to the inhabitants of the cities; who may dispose of the same as they may think convenient, on 'their leaving what is necessary for the public use. The district court of Louisiana ordered the perpetual injunction as prayed ; and that decree was reversed on appeal.
In order to dedicate property for public use, in cities and towns and other places, it is not essential that the rikht to use the same shall be vested in a corporate body. It may exist in the public, and have no other limitation than the wants of the community at large.
The principles upon which the case of the city of Cincinnati v.'White, GPeters 431, and the case of Barclay and others v. Howell, 6 Peters 498, were decided, examined and affirmed.
If buildings had been erected on lands within the space dedicated for public'use, or grants of part of the same have been made by the power which had authority to make, and had made a dedication of the same to public use; the erection of the buildings and the making of the grants would not be considered as disproving the dedication, and the grants would not affect the vested rights of the public.
The question is well settled at common law, that the person whose land is bounded by a stream of water which changes its course gradually by alluyial formations, shall still hold the same boundary, including the accumulated soil. No other rule can be applied on just principles. Every proprietor whose land is thus bounded, is subject to loss by the same means which may add to his territory : and as he is also without remedy for his loss in this way, lie cannot be held accountable for his gain. This rule is no less just when applied to public, than to private rights.
It would be a dangerous doctrine to consider the issuing of a grant, as conclusive evidence ofa right in the power which issued it. On its face it is conclusive, and

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
cannot be controverted; but if the thing granted was not in the grantor, no right vasses to th. granteee.
APPEAL from the district court of the United States for east Louisiana.
On the 3d day of March 1825, the attorney of the United States for the eastern district of Louisiana, filed a petition in the district court, stating that the mayor of the city of New Orleans, in pursuance of an ordinance of the city council thereof to that effect, had advertised for sale in lots, the vacant land included between Ursuline, Levee and Garrison streets, and the public road in the city of N(.w Orleans; and also the vacant land included between the customhouse, Levee and Bienville streets, and the public road in the same city.
That.by the treaty of cession of the late province of Louisiana to the United States, they succeeded to all the antecedent rights of France and Spain, as they then were in and over the province, the dominion and possession thereof, including all lands which were not private property; and that the dominion and possession of the vacant lands endeavoured to be sold by the city council had, ever since the discovery and occupation of the province by France, remained vested in the sovereign, and had not, at any.time prior to the date of the treaty, been granted to the city of New Orleabs.
"Wherefore, inasmuch as the said attempt of the-said city council to sell the lands as private property, is an invasion of the rightful dominion and possession of the United States in the premises," the petition prays that the mayor, aldermen and inhabitants of Now Orleans may be summoned to appear and answer the petition; and in the meanwhile that they may be inhibited by injunction from proceeding further in the said attempt or from doing any act to invade the rightful dominion and possession of the United States in thesaid land ; -and that after due proceeding the injunction be made perpetual'; and also for all other suitable and needful relief.
The district judge ordered an injunction, according to the prayer of the petition. In December 1827, the corporation of New Orleans filed an answer to the petition of the Unitpd States, which, after the usual reservations, denied all the material facts and allegations in the petition ; and positively denied that the dominion and possession of the pretended vacant land, which the respondents had offered to sell, by an ordinance of the city council, "was, or did (at the time

664

SUPREME COURT.

[New Orleans v. The United States.]
of the treaty of cession to the United States) remaine"vested in either the king of Spain or the sovereign of France, either as vacant land,
or under any other denomination, and that the same passed as such to the United States."
The answer prayed that the petition should be dismissed, and the injunction dissolved.
In December 1829, the corporation of New Orleans filed a supplemental answer to the petition of the district attorney of the United States; in which they ask leave to add the following pleas to those contained in their original answer. They say that the inhabitants of the city of New Orleans are the true and lawful proprietors of the property.
1. Because all the space of ground which exists between the front line of the houses of the city and the river Mississippi, was left by the king of France, under the name of quays, for the use and benefit of the said inhabitants; as appears by authentic copier of the original plans of the foundation of the city.
2. Because if since the foundation of the city of New Orleans the space became wider than was necessary for public use, and for the quays of the city ; it was in consequence of an increase formed by alhivion in the greatest part of the front of the city, and the works which were successively made, from time immemorial, by the inhabitants of the city at their expense, to the levee in front thereof, to advance it nearer to the river than it was formerly.
3. Because, by the laws of Spain which were in force at the time the alluvions were formed, and said works were made) alluvions formed by iivers in front of cities belonged to the inhabitants thereof; who may dispose of the same as they think convenient, on their leaving what is necessary for the public use.
Further they say, the vacant lots claimed in the petition are worth the sum of at least sixty thousand dollars, of the property and disposal of which the respondents cannot be deprived, unless they were previously indemnified therefor by the government of the United States.
The United States, in December 1830, filed a replication to. these pleas, denying all the allegations contained in the answer, and the supplemental answer to the petition.
The case was afterwards submitted to a jury; but on the jury not being able to agree, they were discharged by the court, with the consent of the parties. Afterwards, the trial by jury being waived by consent, the case was submitted to the court upon statements of

JANUARY TERM 183G.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
facts prepared by the parties; and on the 18th day of June 1831, the district court made a decree in favour of the United States, being of "opinion that the defendants had not exhibited sufficient evidence to support their title to the premises in dispute ;" and decreed, ihat the injunction of the United States be made perpetual.
The corporation of New Orleans prosecuted an appeal to this court.,
The statement of facts exhibited, as proved by the United States, contained:
1.. A reference to proceedings before the commissioners of the United States, under the acts of congress relating. to the adjusting of land claims in Louisiana, relative to certain claims of lands within the property asserted to belong to the corporation of New Orleans; which claims had afterwards been confirmed by congress.
2.. Agrant for a part of the land to Francisco Loiteau. The particulars of the claims, referred to in.No. 1, and of the grant to Loi. teau, are stated in the opinion of the court.
3. Evidence that on theground the United States, in 1819, erected a. building for :a customhouse, in which he courts of the Udited *Staies are held: that previous to 1793, the Spanish government had erected on part of the ground two buildings; one used as a customhouse, at the time of the cession; the other as a tobacco warehouse: that .a portion of a brick house still existed on the lot granted to Francisco. Loiteau: that the corporation had erected water-works on part of thp ground, which are rented to. ifidividuals: barracks for the accommodation of..the garrison of New Orleans were placed on the. ground by the French goveument in 1757, which existed and were occupied at the time of the cession.
4. An act of congress of 1812, granting to the .city of New Orleans a lotof ground in the city: an act of 3d March 1822, entitled "an act supplemental to an act entitled an act autharizing the disposal of certain lots of ground in the city of New Orleans and town of Mobile," which was. alleged to have been passed at the instance of the corporation of New Orleans.
6. A copy of proceedings before the commissioners of the United States on certain-claims of the corporation of New Orleans relative to part of the ground.
6. An ordinance of Don Alexander O'Reilly, dated tne 22d February 1770. This dec.ree designates the city properties "of the city
VOL. x.-4 i

SUPREME COURT.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
of New Orleans," but does not include in the same the property in controversy.
7. The mayor, aldermen and inhabitants derive a large revenue from duties imposed on vessels and boats moored at the Levee, in front of the city of New Orleans.. It amounted, during thb year 1830, to 30,000 dollars. And a duty has always been collected by the municipal authorities of New Orleans, on vessels moored at the Levee, since the promulgation of the ordinance of O'Reilly, above referred to.
On the part of .the corporation of New Orleans, the following statement of facts, and also the .documents annexed to the same, were filed in the cause:
1. From time immemorial, both before. and subsequently to the cession of Louisiana to Spain, there has existed, for the convenience of commerce, both in the towns of France and in those of the French colonies, situated on navigable streams or on the sea-shore, a vacant space between the first row of buildings and the water's edge; which vacant space is generally termed a quay, and is destined for the reception of goods and merchandize imported or to be exported. These quays are of various. dimensions, regulated in seaports by commercial operations and convenience, and in those situated on rivers, both by the above considerations, and by that of the encroachments which the rivers may make on their banks.
2. Nevertheless, the' governithelit, or municipal, authorities of .those places, frequently permit buildings, intended for.pqrposes of public or private convenience, such as market-houses." fountains, baths, coffee-houses, &c., &c., to be erected. 6n part.of those quays.
3. Towns in the French colonies have never-been' incorporated, like those of the United States ; they are founded in virtue of orders emanating from .the government, or from the minister of the marine, and transmitted to the governors of the colonies.; and their administration was confided to intendants, who had authority to enact.the necessary police regulations.
4. The governors- of colonies, on receiving, these instructions, issued- their orders to the chief eigineer of the colony, or, in default of such officers, toasurveyor to draft a plan of thp projected towu. ' This engineer, or surveyor, drafted the .plan and signed it, with mention of the place and day, month and year, when it was completed. This plan, thus signed and dated, was delivered over to me governor,

JANUARY TERM 1836.

667

(New Orleans v. The United States.]
and lots and squares were granted or sold out -to individuals, with reference to it.
5. The chief engineer was an officer of the royal corps.of engineers, and performed the duties both of military and civil engineer.
6. For a number of years before the revolution, there has existed in France, an office attached to the navy department, in which all manuscript plans and maps of the French colonies, or their cities, forts, fortifications, &c. were deposited.
7. All the land on the banks of the Mississippi, in Lower Louisiant,is alruvial. This river is subject to annual'and periodical rises, and unless its waters. were confined within the channel by strong embankment, .they would overflow all the adjoining land until they fell and retired within thebed of the river; that is to say, during about five or six-months in.each year. But for these dykes, or levees as they are here called, the construction and maintenance of which cost the .inhabitants, who are; and have .always been, liable to the performance of this duty, a great deal of. moiiey and labour, the whole country bordering on this part of the Mississilpi, would be uninhabitable during the spring and summer.
.8.. During this.rise, the Mississippi is.continually effecting changes
in its-banks; it undermines them in the bends, and carrying off tho earth"which .idtetaches, deposits it on the points; so that in many parts of. these, bends,- as soon as -the waters fall and return .to their accustomed bed, the land on-the margin being deprived of support, gives.'way, falls into the stream, disappears, and is carried down by ·the current until it -is united to the bank at some' lower part of the river.
9. For these reasons, it is an almost universal usage among persons dwelling on the banks, of the river, to build their houses at a sufficient distance from its margin, to allow space for the construction of new levees, and to furnish new public roads, without being ..Compelled to remove their houses and other buildings whenever the leveds and roads are carried off by the stream.
10.-.Under the French and Spanish governments, the vacant space between the first row of buildings and themargin of the Mississippi, always.existed; it never.was divided .into. squares and lots. The streets of the city have never been -laid off, or continued from said .row of houses to the river. It.was only in 1818, that the corporation caused the said streets to be prolonged as far as the Levee.
11. Under the Spanish government there was, on this vacant space, near the river, a wooden market-house, constructed by the

SUPREME COURT.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
cabildo, (council) between St Anne and Dumaine streets. building was demolished by the corporation, and the present markethouse constructed on the same spot.
There was, also, on this square, and adjolining' to the Levee, between Dumaine and St-Philip streets, a wooden building, belonging to Mr Arnaud Magnon, who had erected it In virtue of an authorization from the Spanish governor. This same Magnon had, with the permission of the cabildo, built, near the same spot, and lower down than his, house, between.the river and the Levee, and on an alluviori then recently formed, a large shed, or scaffold, which he used as a workshop, he being a ship-builder.
There were, also, on this part of the bank, at the foot of the Levee, in front of the public square, several small wooden cabbins, which the cabildo had permitted individuals to erect there, after the fire of 1798, who were subject to the payment of a small annual rent, for the benefit of indigent orphan children. These huts were destroyed after the cession of Louisiana to the United States, and at the instance of the corporation.
There were, also, on this vacantground,.under the Spanish government, 1st, a wooden building, between customhouse and Bienville streets, which was used. as a customhouse ; 2d, a large', storehouse, also of wood, near -the said customhouse, in which the tobacco (of .which the government, had a monopoly) was.stored. This storehouse did not exist at the time the. United States took possession of the country. The customhouse, which :was in-a very bad condition, was abandoned at that time, and the United States customhouse was established, at the time of the cession, in a small building situated on a portion of the ground occupied by the old royal storehouses, between Dumaine and St Philip streets.
12. Before the cession of this country to the United. States, this. vacant qpace, throughout the whole extent of the front of the city, was used by the public. It was, at that time, covered with grass and weeds, and the horses and cattle of citizens were sent to pasture upon it. Since the cession, and since the increase of the commercial business of the city, the vegetation has disappeared, but the inhabitants of the city have, particularly since the cession, continued to use the greater portion of this space for the transportation, lading,. and unlading of goods, and as a place of deposit for. materials, &c. The streets, running at right angles to the river, were prolonged by the corporation as far as the Levee, and this prolongation was executed and kept up at their expense. In 1818, they made, and have

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
since kept in -repair, at their own -expense, a piew street, or high road, on that large open space at the foot of the Levee, and throughout its whole extent.
13. Under the Spanish government the inhabitants possessed the commons all around the city; a part.of which they appropriated to various uses. Governor Carondelet, at the request of the cabildo, caused a plan of it to be prepared by the surveyor-gene'ral, Laveau Trudeau, which was not finished until the year 1798 ; a copy of which plan is annexed-to the proceedings in this cause.
14. The levee in front of the city has always been made and kept in repair by the iohabitants of New Orleans. In 1805, this levee. was generally, throughout its whole extent, three and a half feet high, from -fifteen to twenty feet broad at top, and widening towards the basis.
15. Before the year 1815, this levee was undermined, in iany places by the river, and threatened to fall in. In order 'to prevent this accident, which would have compelled th" corporation to make a new one nearer the houses, and consequently on the vacant space, they caused, at their own expense, carpenter's work, to a large amount, to be done in front of the levee ; by means of which it was put in the strong and.solid state in which it now is. The point at which this work was -most required, and where most of it was performed, was between St Louis and Toulouse streets, where the soil on which the levee rested was so much undermined by the current, that the water sprung up through it in large quantities, and the owners of the houses in that quarter feared that their foundations would give way. The works above mentioned arrested the progress of a danger which was so justly apprehended.
16. Since the taking. possession 0f Louisiana by the United States, an alluvion has been, and is still continually forming in the river Mississippi, in front of the city of New Orleans; particularly towards the upper end and lower extremities of the city. These alluvial formations are exhibited, together with -the streets made in 1818, in the plans draughted by Joseph Pelie, city survevor; and which are annexed to th.e record.
17. In econseqnep'e of works ordered by,.and performed at the expense of .the corporation, the levee in front of the city is now, in the upper part of the city, one hundred and forty feet wide ; in the centre of the city from sixty-six to eig hty feet wide. These augmentations have been made without encroaching on the vacant space

670

SUPREME COURT.

[New Orleans v. The United States.]
between the street opened in .1818 and the water's edge, on the alluvial soil since formed on the outside of the levee.
18. Parts of this vacant space might be disposed of to individuals without at all interfering with'the public use of it, or with the loading 9r unloading eo goods, the levee, as it now is, being amply sufficient for all these purposes.
19.. There.are two copies of plans of the city annexed to the rcord ; the one made in 1724 by Mr De Panger, and signed by him;. the other made in, 1.728 by Mr Nicholas Broutin ; on both of which the vacant space, the subject of the present controversy, is designated by the name of quay. The former of these plans is not authenticated ;"the latter is authenticated, according. to all the forms required in Fiance for the authentication of copies of. artq or instruments in foreign countries. These two copies of plans are taken from copies deposited among the archives of the city since the end of the year 1819 ; and which Moreau Lislet, Esq. counsellor at law for the corporation,,had caused tote.obtained from the office of plans and maps of the French colonies attached to the department of the navy, and of-French colonies. Nicholas Broutin was the.engineer of the king of France in Louisiana.
20. Authentic copies of various instruments, by which lots situated in front of the city were granted or soldi under the French governinent, before the cession to Spain, and in which'they are designated as'situated' on the quay, or fronting the quay.
21. A plan which is found -in. the work of Per6 Charlevoix, the Jesuit, entitled ".History of New France, with the historical-journal of a voyage, undertaken by order of. the king, in North America,"
published at Paris in the year 1724, in three-volumes, in quarto, vol.
2, p. 423; in which also, the vacant space, the subject of the present controVersy, is denominated a.quay.
22, The laws of France, and of itsl colonies, prevailed in Loiqisi-
ana from the first settlement of the -colony until the 25th, of November of the year 1769; when Alexander O'Reilly, captain-general,
-invested with.full powers for that purpose by.the king of Spain, abolished them, and substituted in their stead the laws of Spain; which were in forcer at the. time this suit was instituted.
23. Three works, entitled "Histoire de St Dominique, par Moreau de St Mary," in two volumes, in quarto; ,Histoire de .a
Nouvelle France, par. le Pere Charlevoix," three volumes, in quarto; and "History- of Louisiana, by Francois Xavier. Martin." in Lwo

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
volumes, in octavo, are admitted to be works of accuracy and authenticity, 9n the subjects of which they treat; and may be referred to as .avidence in this cause.
The case was argued by Mr Webster, and by Mr Livingston, for the appellants; and by.Mr Butler, attorney-general., foi. the United States.
A printed argument, prepared by the counsel for the appellants in New Oleans, was also laid before the court.
The appellants insisted: I, Upon the original plans of the city; as made by the king of France at its foundation in thv- years 1724 and 1728 ; from Which it appears that tb' space of ground in question, to its whole extent, was designated as quays or wharves. 2. The concurrence in this fact-of every plan of the city now extant having any semblance of authority, as that of Charlevoix's History, and the absence of any document that giVes a contrary, or that does not give this destination to it. 3. The. uninterrupted possession and enjoyment of the land, as common; by the inhabitants of the city, from the yerirs 1724 -and 1728 up to the commencement of this uit. 4. That all the lots and squares of the city have been sold or granted in reference to the plans before mentioned. This fact, admitted in clear and unqualified terms, might be considered as decisive of the case 5. The ufiiversal understanding of the highest officers of -the French government in the colony, anid the notaries and persons. engaged in the purchase and transfer of property, as exhibited in the various acts and documents, found in the record, and the repeated acts of the Cabildo or city council, exercising ownership and jurisdiction over the land. 6. That the streets of the city were never continued through this space to the river until the year 1818, when it was done by the corporation. It continued entirely vacant for public use as commons of the city.
Mr Webster, for the appellants. ·The United States claim in this case the exclusive right over the property described in the proceedings, by virtue of their sovereignty;

SUPREME COURT.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
and, as succeeding to the aovereiin rights of the kings of Sljain and 'of France, over the territory of Louisiana, before the. treaty.of- cession. They claim this as ungranted or vacant land; .and as such that it passed to the United States by the treaty. While they do not deny that it may be subject to certA in uses by the inhabitants of the .city of New .Orleans; they do deny that these uses have given any right of property in the soil, or authorized any interference with it. so as to change or affect it in any manner.
This.is opposed by the appellants. They assert his property to be exclusively theirs; and that it was the property of'the corpora-'tionofNew Orleans, before the United States acquiid the territory of New.Orleans. That it was theirs by its having been .a part of the city of New Orleans, from the first establishment of the same, by dedication; when the.place. Was-first laid out by those who were proprietors of the whole soil : by possession ever since : and that if it had become enlarged by the addition of alluvion deposits, the additions, under the.laws of France and of Spain, before the cession, and -by the law of the United States, since. the treaty, are the property of the corporation..
The position of New. Orleans, and the peculiar character of. the river Mississippi, make such additions from alluvion -deposits frequent. and extensive. The sinking of a frame of lumber, at the expense of the inhabitants of New Orleans, at a particular. place in the river, opposite to the city,-for'the protection of the ground, has contributed to the rapid and extensive enlargement of the open space in front of the city.. This'enlargement has placed the levee, used for the purposes of trade, further in advance' of the city ;. and has. left the ground, now in controversy, in such.a situation as not to be required for the uses of commerce. The corporation: of New Orleans, therefore, proposed' to sell and dispose of it, to be occupied and iniproved by those who'may desire to purchase it. So fully is it manifested that for commercial or any other public :purposes large portions of the property are no longer required; that it has, since the comiencemerit of this shit, been sold by agieement between the United States. and the corporation ; and the proceeds of th6 sale, nearly one million of dollars, may 'belong to the successful party in this, appeal.
But the question to be settled in the case before the court, on the proceedings in the district court of Louisiana, is not whether the cor. poration of New Orleans has a right to use the property. It is tie question,-whetherby the treaty of cession, the United State acquired

JANUARY TERM 1836.

673

[New Orleans v. The United States.]
a right to the same, as having had transferred to them the sovereign rights of Spain, and afterwards of France over the territory. This is the right asserted by the petitioner, and put in issue by the answers and pleas.
The United States contend, that if the right of dominion did remain in the sovereigns of Spain and France, during the time the country was held by them, the property having been especially dedicated to public uses: by the cession the same became vested in the sovereignty of the United States, subject to those uses; and the use, not destroying or affecting the right of the United States to the land, passed, by the act of congress incorporating the city of New Orleans, to the corporation.
The statement of facts on the part of the corporation, makes a complete case for them. The land claimed by the United States appears to have been designated for the use of the city ever since it was founded. - The plans referred to show that there was always an open space fronting on the river, and the uses of it were only such as Were consistent with the public use. A customhouse ; a parade ground for the military ; barracks for the soldiers, were erected upon it. These were permitted ; but they did not destroy the title of the citizens to it, nor did such uses convert it into public domain. The easements thus permitted might have been revoked. It is stated that a markethouse, erected of wood, was taken down by the corporation, and replaced by one of brick.
The city of New Orleans was bound to Support the exterior levee, and this has always beern done at the expense of the inhabitants. This expense has alw'ays been considerable. The United States have never been called upon to do this.
All the facts of the case show that the situation of the streets of New Orle .ns ; the general conformity of the plan to the plans of other French cities ; and the principles of the civil law, which apply in such cases, have full force in the present question.
In the 19th division of the statement of facts it appears that in 1724 and 1728 plans of the city were made, and on both of which the ground now claimed by the United States is designated as quays. One of these plans, that of 1728, has been recently obtained from France. It shows such a dedication to public uses as brings the case within all the principles established by this court in the Cincinnati case, and in the Pittsburgh case, reported in 6 Peters's Rep. The binding force of such plans is shown in 1 Starkle on Evidence 169.
VOL. x.-4 K

SUPREME COURT.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
The ownership of property may be public, and the use private. The decision of this court in the case of the Dartmouth College, established this. If it should be decided that the United States might have a customhouse on this ground, or a parade ground ; this will not sanction a claim to the property, or a right to sell it for the benefit of the United States. Have the United States a right to divert the property'from the use for which it was dedicated, to enrich their treasury ?
It appears that the dedicationof land to public uses is an estoppel of all subsequent claim to it, as well by the civil law as by the common law of England. French Pandects, art. 15, 28; 3 Martin's Rep. 296, 303, 304 ; 11 Martin's Rep. 660.
The sovereignty of Spain over this property existed before the cession, for the sole purpose of enforcing the uses to which it was appropriated. This right, and the obligations imposed upon it, became vested in the state of Louisiana, and did not continue in the United States after the state was formed. Acquiesced in by the United States, under the treaty, in the first instance ; it necessarily afterwards passed to the state. The United States cannot now enforce this use, and could not take the quay and dispose of it; and unless this can be done, there is nothing to support this action. The preservation and the enforcement of the'use must be by the state government. By the act of congress incorporating the city of.New Orleans, all the use of the property became vested in the city.
The petition presented to the district court does not recognise any trust. It asserts a full and sovereign right to the whole land ; and if this court shall confirm the decree of the inferior court, the .United States will hold it discharged from all trusts.
Mr Butler, attorney-general, for the United States. The nature and object of the suit have been misapprehended by the opening counsel. It is not a suit in equity. The suit was'commenced by. petition -and not by bill; process of subpoena was not prayed ; nor were any of the proceedings in the cause on the equity side of the court. The object of the ;uit was to prevent the city corporatiop from selling the premises in question ; and not, as the counsel supposed, to recover possession. The United States were themelves in possession;., and the action brought by them (which was in many respects analogous to an iijunction bill) is well known to ihe civil law as a

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
prohibitory interdict; the nature and purpose of which are well explained in Livingston's answer to Mr Jefferson in the case of the New Orleans Batture. 5 Hall's Am. Law Jour. 270, 271, 272, 273.
The learned counsel for the city is also mistaken in supposing, that in order to maintain the decree appealed from, the United States .must show that they have an absolute title to the lands in dispute, freed from any servitude or public use ; such a title as to authorize the government to sell these lands,: and to apply the proceeds at pleasure. The particular nature of their title was not stated in the petition. The averments were, no doubt broad enough to cover the absolute ownership of the premises; and in one of the aspects in which he should present the case, he would endedvour to show that the United States were the-absolute owners; but it did not necessarily require such a title to maintain the petition. On the contrary, the averments contained in it would be sufficiently satisfied, and the plaintiffs would be entitled to the relief sought, if it were shown, either 1st. That the United States held the absolute ownership ; or, 2d. 'That they held the title to the-soil though charged with a servitude for the benefit of the inhabitants of the city, or of the public. generally; or 3d. That the United States were entitled to a servitude in the lands, the title to the soil being in the city corporation, because in either of these three cases the attempt of the city to dispose of the lands in absolute ownership to individuals, without the consent of the United States, was an encroachment on their rights. The prohibitory interdict was an appropriate remedy for either of these three cases; and if it should appear that either had been made out, then the injunction by which the city was prohibited from selling these lands as private property, for its own exclusive benefit, wes properly made perpetual.
The decree of the court below does not specify the particularground on which it proceeded; and no explanatory opinion was delivered by the judge. If it can be shown that the United States have any such title in the soil, or to the use of the premises, as to make it inequitable for the city to proceed in its attempt to sell, then the decree must-be affirmed. If this court should-be of opinion that only a qualified title is shown by the United States, it could say so in its decree of affirmance; and thus protect the rights of all other parties.. The real question in the case, therefore, is, have the United States such right in the soil or to the use of the premises, as to en-

676

SUPREME COURT.

[New Orleans v: The United States.]
title them to a decree prohibiting the absolute sale by the city cor-
poration 1
In support of the affirmative of this qpestion, it is contended: 1. That the corporation of New Orleans has no title whatever to the soil, nor to the use of the vacant lands in dispute ; but that under the treaty of cession of 1803, the United States became, and yet areabsolutely entitled to the same. Although it is sufficient for the plaintiffs, in order to retain their injunction and decree, to show that they have a qualified interest in the soil or in the use ; yet it is obvious, that to entitle the city corporation to proceed with the proposed sales, it must show a complete title free from any public use. In this view of the case, the question of title becomes a material one ; and it is desirable, on many accounts, that it should be decided in the present suit. That the corporation has no title to the soil nor to the use of the premises in question, was expressly decided in 1833 by the supreme court of the state of Louisiana, in the case of D'Armas and Cucullu v. The Mayor, &c. of New Orleans; being the same case subser quetly brought by writ of error before this court, and dismissed for want of jurisdiction. 9 Peters 224. The plaintiffs, as grantees of the heirs of one Bertrand, claimed a lot included within the original limits of the quay, granted by letters patent to those heirs, pursuant to the act of congress confirming their claim, which was founded on the entry and possession' of Bertrand in 1788, under a permission given by the Spanish governor. The corporation of New Orleans having asserted a claim to the lot as part of the quay, Cucullu and D'Armas instituted a suit in one (f the district courts of the state of Louisiana, for the purpose of establishing their title under the United States, and the district court decreed in their favour, which decree was affirmed, on appeal, by the supreme court. The corporation contended : first, that the whole vacant space was their property; and secondly, that it had been irrevocably destined to public purposes when the town was established, and thereby for ever rendered inalienable even by the sovereign. On the last point the judges differed, chief justice Martin holding in the affirmative, but being overruled by the other judges. On the question of title in the corporation, the judges were unanimous. Judge Porter examined the point at large, and judge Matthews concurred with him ; and though chief justice Martin dissented from the judgment ; he

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
did not controvert the reasoning of judge Porter in this respect. It is shown by judge Porter, that. according to the French law a city, or othercommuhity, can only acquire a title to land, or to the"use of land, by letters patent from the king. He also shows, that according to the Spanish law, cities and other communities could not acquire title to the soil except by grant from the crown ; though they might acquire title to the public use of land by grant, purchase or prescription.
The opinions of judges Porter and Matthews, in this case, notice all the prominent facts now relied on by the city, and answer almost every suggestion in the openingargument. Judge Porter shows that the case is distinguishable from that of the City of Cincinnati v. While, 6 Peters 431, by the circumstance that the lands.were not set apart for public use by a private individual, but by the sovereign and more especially because the questions were to be decided, not by the common law, but by the laws of France and Spain, which were in force prior to the cession.
It had been affirmed in the opening argument, that the United States had no greater or other power over the quays, than they had over the streets; and the counsel for the United States had been challenged'to show a distinction between the two cases This call had been answered by judge Porter, in the following words : "the streets of a town are no doubt what is denominated in our law, public places, and they are protected from change and alienation, by all the rules which apply to things of this description. But the power of the 'grantor over them, even if he should be the king, is, in ny, opinion, much more limited, than that he possesses'over other things of the same kind. So long as the town remains unincorporated, and he retains the power of regulating its police and government, by laws and ordinances, he may modify, abridge or enlarge the streets, but he cannot deprive, the inlhabitants of the use of them ; and for an obvious reason. Streets are indispensable to the enjoyment of urban property. Without them a town could scarcely be said to exist; the inhabitants of it would be as prisoners in their own houses. It may, therefore, be readidy admited, that the sovereign power of no country, could deprive the owners and occupants of lote and houses, of things indisptnsable to the use and enjoyment of th6 property sold or conceded; without violating the plainest dictates of justice, and the general principles of law, applicable to all other

SUPREME COURT.
(New Orleans v The United States.]
cases of the same kind. But its inability to do so would not procoeuetdthfreomm, their being destined to public purposes ; but because, with-
the property granted could not be enjoyed. Just as, on tht same principle, an individual wbogranted a portion of his land, which! could not be reached but by passing over other portions of it, would be corsidered as having conceded to the grantee, the right of way over Lhe part retained.' It is awell settled principle, that whenever an itidividual or tie law giveth any thing, there is impliedly given, at the same time, whatsoever is necessary to its enjoyment. The liniftation, therefore, contended *foi on the po\ver of the sovereign over streets, may be well conceded to the whole extent pressed in argument, witliout at all affecting his authority, or his rights over vacant.ground not proved to be necessary to the use of private property."
The same opinion shows also, that even admitting that the vacant space in question, had really been dedicated to public use, by the king of.France, that such dedicatio6n was not irrevocable, nor the land rendered inalienable ; but on 'the contrary,. the dedication might be revoked and the land alienated by the sovereign.
Judg6 P6rter also arrives at the same conclusion, as to the want of title in the city, on, other grounds. He shows that, unless words can make or change things, no part of the ground left between the city and the river, can be regarded as a quay, save that which was prepared for the reception and discharge of vessels, by the creation of the levee or artificial embankment. And admitting that this space ivas really a quay, he then argues, that only so much of it as is actually necessary to the 'loading and unloading of vessels, isproperly to be regarded as public.
Thus far judge Porter' had chiefly considered the case on the law of France. He then examines the law of Spain, which brings him to a result equally fatal to the claims of the city.
Judge Matthews, who concurred in this opiniofi, supported some of the points above referred to-, by additional arguments and authorities. This decision, though not 6bligatory on this court, is entitled to thegre'atest respect. The case turned on the French and Spanish laws,.wvhh w-hich this court is not particularly conversant. The state judges were familiar with those systems, and, as they must-, no doubt, have been .isposed to incline. Qn all doubtful questions, in favour of the city, their dectton may be r6garded as of the highest auLhority. .Itshould also be zme, ;"L'ait nthe same decisionizeffect,

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
though the cases were different in their circumstances, had been previously made by the supreme court of Louisiana, in the cases of the grants to Mentzinger and Liotaud, whose claimus before the commissioners are also among the proofs in this cause. 3 Martin 296; Chabot v. Blanc, 5 Martin.
Independently of the decisions of the local tribunals, it is submitted, that on the facts stated in the record, it. is apparent that the city has no title. No law of France or Spain, nor ny grant from either, nor any documentary evidence of any kind,. is introduced or appealed to by the city, for the purpose of showing that the ground in c6ntroversy had ever been expressly granted to the city. The right of property depends on the state of the title in October 1800, when the country was retroceded by Spain to France ; and in the absence of any written declaratiori of the right to this property, the presumption of law is, that it belonged, at that time, to the sovereign, as a part of the national domain. The circumstances appealed to by the other side, for the purpose of overcoming this presumption, and showing title in the city, must be referred to the laws by which the territory was governed prior to 1800 ; that is to say, the laws of France, from the settlement of the county, until 1769, when the Spanish laws were put in force, and the latter from that time.
The counsel for the city, in the pamphlet banded to the court as a part of the opening, whilst they admitted that the city had never received a grant from the French crown, yet contended, that by the designation ofthe premises on the plans of the city as a quay, and by the possession and enjoyment set forth in the case, the land was as completely separated from the domain, and as clearly vested in the inhabitants of the city, as if there had been a formal grant from the French crown. -In answer to this, the attorney-general contended, that the most that could possibly be made of the designation on the plans, and the other facts relied on by the city, was, that the vacant space in question had been dedicated to public uses-they did not even begin to show a title in the corporation. By the.French law, as it existed at the time the city was laid out, arid from that time until the cession to Spain, quays and other public places in cities, belonged to the crown, as a part of the public domain. Domat's Public Laws, book 1, tit. 6, sec. 1, art. 7 ; Encyc. Math. Juirisprudence, art. Domaine.
As to the cxtracts from the Partidus and other Spanish laws, they

SUPREME COURT.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
only show that cities might, by the law of Spain, hold commons and other public places ; they do not prove that cities, under that law, could hold the absolute titles in those places, nor any title whatever in the soil; and, above all, they'plive nothing as to this particular case.
The law as to increases of land formed by alluvion, was, no doubt, correctly stated, by the opening counsel; but it could not help the city in the present case. The increase, by alluvion, was on the outer side of the levee, which had been greatly widened by it; .whereas, the- ground now in controversy, is wholly on the inner side. Besides, the increase by alluvion belongs to the owners of the soil to which it is added ; and as the city corporation has been shown not to be the owners of the soil, they have no title to the increase, not even to the use of it. -Livingston in 5 Hall's.Law Journal, p. 120, 150, 172, 188. Nor is there any hardship in this; because the levee has been widened by ievenues granted to the city by the crowns of France and Spain.
Title by prescription is also set up. But by the French law there can be no title by prescription against the crown, in any case, unless it be immenmorial. Alard v. Lobau, 3 Martin, New Series, 293. And such things as are destined to common or public use, such as banks of rivers, &c. cannot be acquired by prescription. Domat's Civil Law, b. 3, tit. 7, sec. 5, art. 2. And though, by the Spanish law, cities and towns may acquire, by prescription, a title to the use of land for commons and other ptblic plices, they cannot acquire an absolute title in that way. But there is no such long continued and uninterrupted possession here, as is required by the Spanish law, to constitute a title by prescription. .(For the rules of the Spanish law on this subject, see Institutes of the Laws of Sj)ain, quoted in White's Compilation, p. 70.)
The opening counsel had contended, that if the right of dominion, Ihe title, did really remain in the sovereigns of Frarnce and Spain, whilst they owned the country, yet that the title was held by them subject to. public uses; and that, by the cession to the United States, .and by the incorporationof the city of New Orleans, by the territorial, legislature, under the authority of the United States, the title and dominion, subject to such public use, becamne vested in the city corpofation. The answer to this argument will be fbund in the act of incorporation itself. It gave the corporation a capacity to acquire lends according to our law of corporations; and it vested in thenm

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
all the estates, whether real or personal, which theretofore belonged to the city of New Orleans, or were held for its use by the cabildo, under the Spanish government, or the municipality, after the transfer of the province to France, and which had not been legally alienated, or lost or barred; but it gave to the corporation no new title to the land in question. The territorial legislature, indeed, had no power to grant such a title. The act of the 26th March 1804, which organized the territorial government, expressly declared that the. governor and legislative council should have no power over the primary disposal of the soil. The act of incorporation, therefore, merely confirmed to the new corporation the old'title, and we are, therefore,. necessarily turned over to the former question.
The attorney-general next contended, that the absolute title to the premises in dispute had been vested in the United States by the treaty of cession of 1803. This was the conclusion of a majority of the court in the case of D , Armas and Cucullu v. The City of New Orleans, before cited ; and there are in the present record some evidences of title not presented in that case ; aind various arguments applicable to this point, not noticed in the opinions of Judges Porter and Matthews, may also be suggested. Title to land in Louisiana, as well as in other parts of this continent, was founded on discovery. Johnson & Graham v. M'Intosh, 8 Wheat. 593. The whole soil, subject only to the right of Indian occupancy, was treated as a part of the national domain. In September 1712, Louis XIV. granted to Anthony 'Crozat the commerce of Louisiana for fifteen years, with the mines, &c. in perpetuity. I Martin's History of Louisiana 178. White's Compilation 159. This grant extended the edicts and ordinances of the realm, and the customs of Paris, to Louisiana. In August 1717 Crozat surrendered his grant to the crown, and in the same year the commerce and government of Louisiana were granted to the Western Company for twenty-five years. The lands of the territory were also granted them in. perpetuity. I Martin 198, 199. The site of New Orleans was selected in 1-718 by Bienville, who had been commissioned as governor by the Western Company. 1 Martin 204, 214. The designation of the quay, and the general plan of the city, was made under the authority of the.Western Company. But though that company held the title in all these- lands at that time, this does not alter the case. .They represented the sovereign, not only in their capacity to make grants.of land, but also in the regulation of commerce In designating'the quay, they acted in the
VOL. X -

SUPREME COURT.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
latter character,. as well as in the former: and the case must therefore stand on precisely the same ground as if the city had been laid out by the crown, at a time when the whole title was in it. The Western Company surrendered their grant to the king in January 1732 (1 Martin 287), and the French crown, was thus re-invested with its original title, and all lands not previously granted were reunited to the public domain, and so continued until 1769; when the secret treaty made in 1763, by which Louisiana was ceded to Spain, was promulgated, and the.territory delivered to the Spanish authorities. I Martin 329; 2 Martin 2. The premises in question having never been granted to the city, and being a part of the public domain at.the time of this treaty, passed by it to the crown of Spain, by which it was held as a part of the domain belonging to that crown, until 1803, when the treaty of retrocession, made at St Ildefonso on the 1st October 1800, by which Spain ceded Louisiana to the French republic, was carried into effect..' 2 Martin r82. The title to these premises being in the king of Spain, and not in the city of New Orleans, at the time of the execution of the treaty of St Ildefonso, it passed to the sovereign of France as a part of the national domain ; and under that treaty the French republic acquired,, to use the language of their cession to us, "an incontestable title to the domain, and to the possession of the said territory.", The title thus acquired by France, together with the sovereignrtyof the country, passed, by the treaty of cession of 1803, to the United States. The second article of this treaty declares, that in-the cession are ineluded "the adjacent islands belonging to Louisiana, all public lots and squares, vacant lands, and. all public buildings, fortifications, barracks, and other edifices, which are not private property." This enumeration was probably unnecessary, but seems to have been inserted from greater caution, and as if with a view to this very question. It is evident, from the langu(tge of this-article,,that public lots and squares in cities were not regarded as the-property of the cities, but as the property, of the crown; and. as there were no such public lots and squares within the territory of Louisiana, except in the. cities of New Orleans and Natchez, public places in those cities must have been specially intended by the framers of the article. The vacant space now in controversy, was a public lot or square within the meaning of the.treaty; and as it has been decided by the highestcourt of the state of Louisiana not to be the property of the city, it necessarily passed to the United States.

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
It was contended in the opening, by'the learned counsel for the city, that even admitting that the sovereigns of France and Spain had the title to,.and the control of these premises, and that the same passed to the United States by the treaty, it did not necessarily follow, that the United States yet retain such title and control ; and it was argued, that on the creation of the state of Louisiana, that state became invested with all the title and control of the former sovereigns. This argument was attempted to be supported by the third article of the treaty of cession, and the act admitting Louisiana into the union; and it wao said, that if such was not the case, the inhabitants of the ceded territory would not possess all the rights and advantages of citizens of other states; nor the state be placed on an equal footing with Ihe other states. But the third article of the treaty relates only to the rights which are to be enjoyed by individuals ; and the act of congress of the 26th of February 1811, au.thorizing the formation of a state government, required as a condition,, that the people of the proposed state should for ever disclaim all right or title to the waste or unappropriated lands within the territory; and that the same should be and remain Ot the sole and entire disposition of the United States. This condition was acknowledged in the state constitution, and reiterated in the'act of the.8th of April 1812, by which the state was admitted into the union.
The ownership of the premises by the crowns of France and Spain as a part of the public domain, and the consequent title of the United
States, are supported by many acts of ownership, and by frequent recognitions of the city authorities ; the most important of which are enumerated in the agreed statement.of the facts proved, and of evidence offered by the plaintiffs. It was said by the opening counsel, that these were not evidences of title, but only evidences of the -exercise of a claim of title, and of acquiescence by the city authorities. That remark was a mere solecism ; for what is evidince of the exercise of ownership, especially when acquiesced in by the adverse party, but evidence of title ? Proofs of this sort are the very highest evidence of title; and they, therefore, deserve the. particular attention of the court. In the present case, the acts of ownership on the part of the crown, and of acquiescence on the part of the city authorities, commence from a very early date.
Among the proofs produced by the corporation, are the papers relating to fourteen sales, and other documents ; which were introduced to prove that the houses in the front row of the city were

SUPREME COURT.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
described as bounded in front by the quay ; and, also, to show that the city lots extended no further. Among these sales there are several of lots on the quay; not bounded by the quay : but, as would seem from the descriptions, actually situated on it, and forming part thereof. The grant to Broutin is for a lot "on the wharf," to be held by him and his heirs and assigns as his own property; "subject to the services which may be imposed by his majesty by reason of his domain :" and on certain conditions to be performed by him, "under the penalty of the said lot being re-united to his majesty's
domain." Barracks were erected on the premises by the French government
before the year 1757; and the troops were frequently exercised thereon. The commercial use of the quay was also under the authority, and for the benefit of the crown, or those who represerited it, as contradistinguished from the city. From 1769 to 1803, there are various acts of ownership on the part of the Spanish -crown ; most of which also involve a recognition by the city authorities of the title of the crown. The barracks erected by the French government, and the use of the premises as a parade ground, were continued. On the 22d of February 1770, governor O'Reilly, acting in the name, and with the authority of the king, granted to the city, among other things, a tonnage duty to be paid by vessels and boats coming to the city, to be appropriated to the reparation of the levee. Several imperfect grants, and two complete. titles were also made by the Spanish governor, as the representative of the crown, between 1788 and 1803, of portions'of the quay; which grants, after the cession, were confirmed by acts of congress. [The attorney-general here reviewed the cases of Magnon, Chess6, Bertrand, Urtubuise, Mentzinger, and Liotaud ; and laid great stress on the grants by the Baron de Carondelet to the two latter ; and on the allegations in their grants,-that the lots granted were part of the royal .ands, &c. As to Magnon's case, he insisted, that the opinion of the attorney-generalmerely spoke of the proposed grant as a thing that might be disagreeable to the' city council : but not as an act that would violate their rights.] In three of these cases (those of Ment?inger, Bertrand and Liotaud) the .itle thus derived from the United States was held valid by The suprenpe court of Louisiana. Prior to 1793, the. Spanish government erected a customhouse and a tobacco warehouse on the premises; the former of which existed at the' period of the cession to the United States, and has been since kept up by them.

JA NUARY TERM 1836.

685

(New Orleans v. The United States.)
The use -thusmade by the governments of France and Spain, was all that the nature of the subject and the circumstances of the times required or admitted ; and the facts that some small buildings were erected by the city authorities during this period, and that the inhabitants of the city sometimes used it as a common, are not inconsistent with the title and ownership of the crown. There is no instance, from the laying out of the city to the present-day, until the attempt which led to the present suit, -of any pretence on the part of the city authorities that they-were capable of granting these lands; and until the late cases in the state courts, they never alleged that the crowns of France and Spain before the cession,, and the United States since, had not the power to make such grants.
The acts of the parties after 1769, show beyond controversy, that in the judgment of all the Spanish authorities, the land in question belonged to the crown, and not to the city. And even were it proved, (which is not admitted) that according to the French lawi the ground between the lots appropriated as private property, and the water, was all called quay, and was the property of the city authorities; yet if the government of Spain, after the country passed under that jurisdietion, deprived the city of this property,-and held and used it as the property of the Spanish crown, this court will not now revise .the decision of the Spanish tribunals, and inquire whether the title to this ground was justly or unjustly taken from the city authorities and vested ie the crown. But they will recognize and support the title as it existed.and was recognized by the proper tribunals at the time of the cession to the United States. And as it is not pretended that any change in the title took place between the times of the cession to France, and the'transfer by France to the United States, the rights of the United States, and of the corporation, must be tested by the state of th, title, as understood and maintained by the Spanish authorities, at the time they ceded the country to France. For if the property originally belonged. to the corporation, or municipal authorities,, and was unjustly wrested from them, and converted to the use of the Spanish government, as public property, the .courts of the United States will not revise and reverse decisions which the despotic character of the Spanish government authorized and sanctioned. Those decisions may have been made in direct violation of the principles which regulate and protect private property, according to our institutions ; but they are, nevertheless, binding on the -parties affected by them,

SUPREME COURT.
[New.Orleans v. The United.States.]
Since the cession to the United States, and the incorporation of the city, the former has claimed, with tile acquiescence of the latter, the full ownership of these premises. In 1B06, the corporation presented, under the act of the 2d of March 1805, to tile register and commissioner of the eastern land district of the territory of Orleans, a claim to certain lands in the vicinity Of the city, alleged to have been granted at the time the city was established, to the inhabitants of the city, to be used as a comnibn for ever, and prayed for their .confirmation. This claim seems to have been understood by all parties, as embracing the land now in controversy, as well as other land. The board rejected the claim as to certain lands occupied for fortifications, and also as to all "lots and vacant parts of land between the said fortifications and the city, and within and in front of the city, between Levee street and the river." This decision was acquiesced in at the time. ; and if the premises in question had been as clearly embraced in the petition, as they are.in the decree of the commissioners, the decision would have been concl'usive. It may be said, that the premises now in dispute were not embraced in those proceedings ; and if this be so, the fact furnishes strong proof that at the time the claim was made, the city authorities did not suppose they had any title to these lands. Had they then claimed any such title, they would, no doubt, have preferred a claim for the confirmation thereof, under the act of congress of the 2d of March 1805..
In 1812, the city council passed a resolution directing an application to be made to congress, for the grant of a lot on the quay, to be used for the erection of a fire pump; in which resolution, they expressly, admitted that the vacant space between the river and the front line of houses, could never be sold or rented to private individuals, 6r disposed of, except for objects of public utility ; and the whole resolution, and the application made to congress, proceed upon the admission, that the goveroment of the United States was alone competent to make a grant of any portion of these premises.
Pursuant to this application, congress, by the act of 3d April 1812 (4 Bioren & Duane 400), granted to the corporation of the city of New Orleans the use and possession of a lot between Levee street and the high road; with a proviso, that if the same should not be occupied for tha purposes indicated, within- three years, or should thereafter cease to be so occupied for the term of three years, the right and claim of the United States phould remain unimpaired. The act of the 20th April 1818, vol. 6, p. 346, "authorizing the dis-

JANUARY TERM 1836.

687

[New Orleans v. The United States.]
posal of certain lots of public ground in the city of New Orleans and town of Mobile," and the act of 30th March 1822, vol. 7, p. 24, supplementary thereto, were both passed at the solicitation of the city corporation, and both contain similar recognitions of the title of.the United States. The act of the 28th February 1823, vol. 7, p. 120, in relation to the lot on which the navy storehouse is situated, and which is thereby granted to the corporation, admits of the like remark. The act of the 21st April 1806, vol. 4, p. 61, granting to the corporation of the city of Natchez the right of the United States to all the land lying between the front street and the Mississippi, on condition that the premises should neither be cultivated nor occupied by buildings, but that it should be planted with trees and preserved as a common, may also be referred to as evidence of the general understanding, that the title in vacant places of.this sort had, by the treaty of cession, been vested in the United States.
It is also matter of public history, of which the court will take judicial notice, that during the pendency of the present writ of error, the corporation of New Orleans has petitioned congress to grant to it the very lands now in controversy, and that the -argument of the cause was delayed for one or two terms, for the express purpose of enabling the corporation to present this application, and to obtain a decision thereon.
In accord ance with these admissions, has been the actual conduct of the parties ever since the cession to the United States. In 1819 the United States erected on the quay a building which is yet occupied by them as a customhouse and courthouse; and they also caused the same and the adjacent grounds to be enclosed with a fence; and if they have not- had the exclusive use of the remainder of the premises in controversy, neither has there been any such use on the part of the corporation. Under these circumstances the possession follows the legal title, and was therefore in the United States at the commencement of the suit, as alleged in their Petition.
II. If the corporation of New Orleans has any legal interest in the premises, it is not such an interest as can authorize the absolute sale of said premises, in lots, to individuals; because the interest of the city is, at most, a. mere servitude for the benefit of the inhabitants of the city, or of the public generally, whilst'the title to the soil is vested in the United States.
In discussing the first point it had been shown, that the corporation of New Orleans had no title to the soil; and on the-most liberal

SUPREME COURT.
(New Orleans v. The United States.]
construction of the facts, and -with every disposition which might be. felt to maintain and extend their interests, it would seem to be impossible to go farther than the opinion of chief justice Martin, who merely contended that the quay had been irrevocably dedicated to public use for the benefit ofthe inhabitants of the city and'the public at large, and that the property was.therefore.put hors du commerce. Indeed, the greater phtrt of the opening argument had been directed to this point ; and if nothing more than this has been established, then it is plain that the decree must be affirmed. Suppose.the lands to have been dedicated to public use, and the city corporation to have the legal title to such use, yet the fee charged with this public use, must have remained in the crowns of France and Spain, andfrom them must have passed to the United.States, who, as the present owners of the soil, have a right to enjoin the city corporation from proceeding to sell for its own exclusive benefit. Supposing.Ithe city corporation to have the legal title in the servitude ; it is plain that this does aot authorize it to sell the whole estate, appropriating the proceeds to its own use, and that too without the consent of the owners of the fe&. On the contrary, according to the rules, both of the civil and common law, if the property ceases to be used for the purpose to which it has been dedicated; if the servitude is abandoned or extinguished; the whole estate reverts to the owner of the soil, whose title then becomes absolute. In such case, the original owner, or those who have succeeded to his rights, will hold the land freed from the incumbrance of the servitude.
III. If the corporation has any title to the soil, then the same is charged with a servitude held by the United States for their own use,'and for the use of the public generally.
If upon any ground it should be held, that the title to the soil has passed to the city corporation,.t hen, rs it is admitted and contended by the counsel for the city that the. land3 were originally designed for public use *as a quay, the question Will arise, by whom is this servitude held! According to the law of France (as already shown), all public places, including quays, are held by the crown for the use of the public. This. title passed to the Spanish crown, and was -retained by it, until retroceded to the French republic. By the treaty of cession of 1803, ihis" servitude -passed to the United States; and until they grant it to the state, or to the city,*they must continue to hold it, provided they have a capacity to do so under the constitution of the United States. That they had buch a capacity during the

JANUARY TERM 1836.

."689

[New Orleans v. TheUnited States.]
existence of the territorial government, cannot admit of doubt; and they must now have the same capacity in this respect, *inregard to
Louisiana, which they possess in regard to the other states. Under the powers to lay and collect imposts, and to regulate commerce, they may undoubtedly acquire and hold wharves, storehouses, &c. And in a great commercial city like New Orleans, what constitutional difficulty is there to prevent them from holding, for the purpose of facilitating the collection of imposts and the regulation of com-
merce, theuse of a tract like the.quay ? It might not be necessary or expedient in ordinary cases, for the United States to acquire a servitude of this sort in so large a tract; but their power to hold such a title cannot depend on the extent of the tract. .Besides, although the territories adjacent to the Mississippi river have been formed into states, the UnitedStates yet have an interest in the navigation of. the Mississippi; andhave so lately as 1824 (Laws U. S. vol. 7, p. 329, 331), granted lands to the parishes of Point Coupee and West Baton Rouge, for the purpose of keeping up levees on the bank of that river. It is therefore submitted, that the . ervitude in these lands may be well held by the United States, for the benefit of the citizens of the United States, and of all others who may wish to use the same -for the purposes of a quay.

M' Livingston, for the appellants., It has been truly said by the attorney-general, that this is a suit of importance. Whether we consider the value of property actually depending on its decision,'or of that which may be involved in the principles which the decision may establish. But to the appellants, its importance is far greater than any considerations of pecuniary value could give to it. Decided in favour of the United States, the decree gives them, not only the land contended for in this suit, but all that lying in front of the city. It cuts off from all access. navigation, the second commercial city of ihe union; shuts up their streets ; renders their wharves useless ; and, worse than an invading enemy, invests them with a blockade that their valour can never raise. Well, therefore, might the attorney-giene-ral call it an important cause. But, happily, importance and difficulty are not synonymous. These fatal results of a decree against the appellants, may, I think, be avoided by a reference to two cases lately decided in this
court; those of Cincinnati, and Pittsburgh : to which the attention of the court has been already drawn.
voL. x. -4 m

.690

SUPREME COURT.

[New Orleans v. The United States.]
The facts are essentially the same in character ; or where they differ, they are Stronger in our favour. The law by which they are to be governed, is the same ; call it civil or common law, it is founded on the principles of justice, which never vary; and the only difference between the two systems is, that the rules which have been established by the decisions of this court, were, under the laws which govern this case, matter of statutory enactment.
Objections have been raised to the form of the action, which it will be necessary to remove before we examine the merits. It has been said that the counsel who opened this case erred in calling it a suit in chancery, for the' followiiig reasons: it is not so entitled no process of subpoena was issued ; and a jury was once impanelled to try the issue of title. Thiscourt will not regard the want of form, where it is not essential to the great ends of justice. If the words, therefore, "in equity," are not placed at the head of the record, but the. whole scope of the petition is to obtain an equitable relief, the omission will not be fatal ;. those words can: be no more than a direction to the clerk, on what docket to place the cause. The want of a subpoena is supplied by a summons, and the appearance cures all defects of mesne process. As little can the objection avail, that a jury had once been summoned; for feigned issues to try facts are among the ordinary proceedings of courts of equity.
But it is objected, that here the relief prayed for is not equitable, but one given by the common law of the country; that the perpetual injunction prayed for by the bill and given by the court below, is nothing more than the interdict of the civil law; .and authorities are taken from a pamphlet, published some years ago, to prove the position: and that the author of that painphlet, now the counsel for the appellant, proved, as it is said, conclusively, that a suit commenced in the same form with this, having the same object, and, in which the same relief was obtained, was not a suit in chancery. All this is true. But an essential ciecumstance. is forgotten in the statement. . The suit in question (Gravier v. The Corporation of New Orleans) was brought in the territorial court of Louisiana, under the first grade of government; a court, proceeding according to forms, essentially those of the civil law ; governed in its decisions by the rules of that law: and, consequently, knowing no distinction either in its decrees, or its modes of procedure, between equity and common law. The object of Gravier's suit, was to be quieted in his possession : a relief whic", if the suit had been in a chancery court, would have been

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
given by perpetual injunction; and if according to the laws which governed the territory, by the equivalent remedy of a perpetual interdict. The same remedy was given, by the territorial court,, that would have been given by a court of equity, had the distinction been known to the laws of the country ; but it was not known ; therefore, the proceeding in that case, was not a chancery proceeding, but one in the ordinary execution of the powers of the court. Here, on the contrary, the suit is brought in a court having chancery jurisdiction; the relief sought is an equitable relief; and it will not surely be required, that authorities should be cited to prove, that whatever may be the laws of the state in which a court of the United States is situated, that court has equity jurisdiction: and although, the courts of such state might give relief, acording to the forms of the common law, in cases strictly ofequity jurisdiction; yet those of the United States are bound to class them according to the nature of the remedy sought for.
The reference to the pamphlet, from which the argument has bedn drawn; the flattering terms in which the attorney-general has been pleased to speak of it ; and the possibility that, in looking at it, the court may recur to other parts then those immediately relating to the question before them, oblige me to ask their indulgence'for a single observation; irrelevant, it is true, to the case, but which I am happy to find an opportunity of making. That pamphlet was written under circumstances in which the author thought, and still thinks, he had suffered grievous wrongs; wrongs which he thought, and still thinks, justified the- warmth of language in which .some part of his arguments are couched ; but which, his respect for the public and private character of his opponent, always obliged him to regret that he had been forced to use. He is happy, however, to sayi that at a subsequent period, the friendly intercourse with which, prior to that breach, he had been honoured, was renewed ; that the offended party forgot the injury ; and that the odlher performed the more difficult task (if the maxim of a celebrated French author is true), of forgiving the man upon ,whom he had inflicted it. The court, I hope, will excuse this personal digression ; but I could not avoid using this occasion of making known, that I have been spared the lasting regret of reflecting, that Jefferson had descended to the grave with a feeling of ill will towards me.
The opening counsel has also been supposed to have fallen into another error, when he stated,'that the object of the suit was the

692

SUPREME COURT.

[New Orleans v. The United States.]
recovery of the absolute ownership of the property for the United States. That'he has not erred, is evident. from the words of the
petition: they claim the dominion and possession, the union of which amounts to absolute ownership.
It is true, as has been argued, that there are. cases in which the court may modify the decree according to the circumstances which are proved ; but this can only be when the proof is in conformity with the case alleged : when it isnot, it destroys the force of the rule that the allegata and probata must agree; and as a consequence, that the decree must conform to both. Here it supposed that the court may either decree the. property in full dominion to the United States, or that they may establish the property in them, With a servitude to the city, or give the property -to the city with a servitude to the
United States.; but neither of these kind of titles are put in issue, neither of them are alleged in the pleadings; and, as will be shown, neither are proved by the' evidence. They cannot recover a servitude by asking for the fee ; and 'if the land in the hands of the corporation is subject to the servitude of a common use in favour of all the inhabitants of the United States, the government of the United States cannot enforce that use-by a suit in their name.
The demandants then in this, as in all other cases, must prove -their case, and prove it as stated. They allege dominion and possession ; both must be proved if they can have the relief prayed for, viz. a perpetual injunction to quiet possession. But if they do not show actual possession, how can -they.be quieted in it ?. If they do not show property, there can'be no equity in their demand ; for 6hancery will never interpose in favour of an illegal possession : actual possession has not been attempted to be shown, ;ind an actual adverse possession for more than one hundred years is expressly admitted.
No position can be clearer, than that for this defect of proof alone, the bill Must be dismissed ; and I might add, if it were necessary, that equity will not interfere to quiet a possession until after the title has beeh settled. But we do not desire a decree on this point, which would not put an end to the controversy. We are prepared to show conclusively that the United States have no title to the land or to a servitude on it; gnd that the whole title is vested in the defendants, subject to uses, for the observance of whichthey ire amenable to the laws, to thecourts and to the authorities of the state #xqlusively.

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
1. The title of the United States. This rests on the second article of the treaty ceding Louisiana.
That gives to them the dominion of the province of Louisiana, and enumerates as included in the grant, public squares, vacant lands, &c., not private property. The general transfer would have been sufficient to invest the United States with the sovereignty of the country. But to show that no right to the property contained within the limits of the dession was retained, the enumeration of vacant lands, public squares, &c. is made. Now in this enumeration the grantor cannot be supposed to give more than lie had: there-. fore ifihe premises are included in the description of public squares, can it be supposed that he intended to convey, or could convey to the United States that which they claim ; not only the dominion (which supposing it to be the sovereignty only and which no one in his senses would deny), but also possession, and property in that which had been dedicated to public use ? The term public square, by its very name proves that it is a place of that description, not a domain subject to be disposed of by the sovereign. But that there might be no room for doubt, no contradiction between this part of the treaty and that which secured the inhabitants in their rights and property; the restriction is added, that that only was conveyed which was not private property.
The terms of the treaty then gave no title to the pretnises ; and to succeed, the plaintiffs must prove that they were vacant lands; but these terms are well understood, and by decisions of this court, have been:adjudged not to mean property in a town: and by the admission in this case, the property' in question is acknowledged to have been in tte use and occupation of the inhabitants of the city, ever since its foundation.
Failing in the attempt to bring the case within the bounds of the treaty, the United States have recourse to a decision which it is thought secures it to be within its spirit. The decision of the su-, preme court of Louisiana is relied on as decisive, if not binding as authority, conclusive as authority, and convincing as argument. it will be examined in all these' points of view, with the respect due to the learning of the judges who pronounced it; which is acknowledged to be great; but at the same time with the freedom.that duty to my clients requires.
It is not contended that we are concluded 1y this decision. It was not made between the same parties, and although for parcel of

SUPREME COURT.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
the lands now in dispute, was not given on the same evidence; and these circumstances derogate much from iil consicered only as a precedent. There are others which when properly considered, weaken its force, even as argument.
This court has frequently expressed its respect for state decisions, and its disinclination to oppose them; but as their reasons are understood, they will give them effect uinder the following circumnstances:
I. Where disturbing them would unsettle titles bona fide acquired. Here no such effect would be prodliced ; the few claims on this property having undergone legal investigation, and being settled by decisions that do not admit of reversal. II. The second requisite is, that the state decisions have been uniform. In this the case of the United Stafes is remarkably defective.' Several decisions have taken place in the supreme court of the state prior to that of De Armas ; in all of which, as I shall show, opinions have been given directly at variance with those established in that case. The'first of these is The Corporation v. G(avier, 11 Martin's Rep. 625; of which these were the circumstances: Gravier had laid out his plantation into a suburb, and made a plan on which he had laid out a square, on which lie attempted afterwards to build: he was opposed by the corporation ; and the court decided, that the designation on the plan was a sufficient dedication to public use to prevent any exclusive appropriation beiig made of it by the former proprietors. The next is found' in 3 Martin 303. In that also we have the authority of Martin (one of the judges) for the fact that the judges fully recognised the doctrine, that places dedicated to public use could not be disposed of by the crown; and that if the corporation had then produced the-plan of the city which is in evidence here, -he judgment would have been different; and that if a grant had been made by the crown, it would have been declared void. (See Martin's opinion, and the printed case, Mayor, &c. v. De Armas, 46.) In the case of Chabot v. Blanc, 5 Martin, the same question arose, and the same intimation given by the court, that if a plan of this had been produced showing the locus in -quo to have been dedicated to public use, the grant of it by the king would have been declared void. These two cases were decided before the corporation had discovered the maps, of which authenticated copies are now produced. II both the couft formed their judgment in the absence of this proof;

JANUARY TERM 1836.

695

[New Orleans v. The United States.]
in bot h they deny the right of the crown to dispose of the property, if the dedication could- have been proved by the production of the plan,: in'both the premises were part of the qUays now in dispute: therefore, in both these cases, as well as in the one first cited (Gravier v. The Corporation), the principle involved in this case is fully established; and no decision of a contrary nature, before that of De Armas, having been produced, the state authorities, so far from being uniformly against us, are three to one in our favour; and all these three appear to have been the unanimous opinion of the court: whereas, this is decided by two judges against ihe opinion of one.
De Armas's case then stands alone: ihe decision must be established or fall, by the comparative strength or weakness of the arguments; and to support it, we have them fortunately at full length. The court will compare those of the dissenting judge (Martin) with those of the two judges forming a majority of the court.
So much reliance is placed on this case that it must be closely examined. That part which investigtes the validity of the confirmation made by the United States, does not apply here; and need not be examined. The presiding judge, as- to the principal point, the property in the corporation, refers to the argument of his associates; with whom he agrees, and' therefore touches very lightly upon it. He' however takes forgranted,.a fact that is disproved by the admissions in this case; viz. that the greater part of the space denominated a quay on the plan, had never been used as such. p. 59.
He then enters into an investigation of the true meaning of the. word quay, which lie concludes must be an artificial work; and as the space between the houses atid the river was natural soil, it could not come within that description. 'In another part of 'my argument, I will show that this philological i.nq.uiry is quite useless in this case, and that the learned judge has fallen into an error, which shows that it-is so. For, he says, " perhaps it may be required that some effect should be given to the word quay, inserted on the plan. This mhry be done, by allowing it in reference to that part of tlhe space on which it is found; which was a quay, according to the meaning of the word, as generally received ; i. e., the levee which existed on the bank ot the river, and the shore between the extetior of the levee and the water." Now, if the place on which the word is written in all the plans is to be considered as the quaythen all the definitions which require that it should be an artificial work, are incorrect: for a glance at the plans will show, that wherever it is

696

SUPREME COURT.

[New Orleans V.The United States.)
written, it is on the vacant space between the artificial levee and the houses.
Another ground on which the learned presiding judge rests his opinion, has, I confess to my no little surprise, been adopted by the attorney-general. It is, that the United States, because they have the. right to establish ports of entry and lregulate commerce, have that of regultting quays as an appendage to the ports, and take upon them the police of wharves in till the states of the union. The argument of the attorney-general does not, as I understand him, carry this right'further than the port of New Orleans ; but his doctrine does : for if the right be derived from the constitution, it must apply to all ports in the union ; and the judge expressly goes this length. Of all the constructions of constitutional powers, given to the federal compact, this would be the most dangerous and mischievous in its exercise, and the least founded in the Words or spirit of the federal compact. I shall refer to it again, .n reviewing the arguments of, the learned counsel opposed to me. But grant the right, and it is of no use, to establish the claim of the United States to the title of the land. Let them, if they can, find the .authority in the Constitution to make laws for regulating wharfage and drayage, and cleaning the slips and docks. Let them appoint scatvengers, and exercise all the jurisdiction which this construction would give them. They are not advanced a step in their claim to the property of the soil. which they must establish before they can succeed in this suit.,
The presiding judge having referred tothe opinion of tie associate, who concurred with him, for the argument, and that. argument having been expressly adopted by the attorney-general, it must be respectfully examined.
It divides itself into two branches : to . show,-first, that the city had no title to the premises. Secondly, that the land was not set apart and dedicated to public purposes.
The first head issupported by the learned judge, under what I respectfully consider a mistaken view of the law of. France. p. 64. He lays it down broadly, that by those laws "a city or town could, not. acquire right or title to the soil of iimovables, or to the use of them without letters patent from the king." But the authority quoted in support of this, shows, I think, that by the very fact of establishing a town, the right to hold real property is acquired as a necessary consequence. That authority declares, that no one can establish communities but the king, and adds. "that it is a

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
consequence of this right also, to permit them to hold real and personal property for themselves." And afterwards, "these communities cannot possess immovables, without the permission of the former." To this there are several answers, all equally conclusive. First, the authority does not require letters patent, or any- letters whatever, from the king, for the establishmeut Zf a town;. it requires his permission only; and that permission may be proved by any legal. evidence' whatever. In the present instance, the grant to the West India Company, by whose act the town Was laid'out, i sufficiently broad to cover such permission. It gives them the land in allodial tenure, with extensive powers to carry on trade, and make establishments,' build forts, sell the lands, &c. And the govern: ment gave its. sanction to the location and plan of the tow-n, by the employment of its own officers and engineers: and even if that work had been done solely by the act of the company, the plan. .was ratified by receiving it into the public archives,- and afterwards
more fully.when, in 1832, it received the surrender of the charter, and continued the government of the city under the original plain. If, then, the city was laid out by permission of the king, according to the plan produced, or even if he only ratified such plan,:and governed the city by his officers, according to the extent and order of such plan, no other permission was necessaryto vest in the city the premises in question ; for those premise"' are'part of, the city, not a distinct property, acquired by it ; which, according to the authority; required letteres d'amortissement, to enable them to hold it. And the want of this distinction causes the error in the learned judge's opinion. ' For can. it be doubted, that after giving permission to lpy out the plan of a great. city, destined, acco!ding to the sanguine expectations of the times (expectations M"ore than realized in our day) to be the emporium of extensive commerce, the capital city of an immense region; after designating on it a capacious harbour, commodious streets, public squares, sites for public buildings, and above all, that, without which, the whole would become useless, .commodious quays securing to it a free access to the river and the necessary facilities forlading and unlading of merchandize ; is it possible to suppose that a separate grant should be required of all these component and indispensable parts of a city, to*enable the inhabitants to enjoy them ? Whatever letters patent, then, might be 'necessary to enable communities to acquire real property, after they were created, none could, in the nature of things, be necessary to give them the
VOL. x.-4 N

SUPREME COURT.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
'enjoyment of those parts of the city itself, which were destined for public use ; such as their quays, streets and squares. Are they not integral parts of it ? and if so, does not the permission to create a city, by the king, and a fortiori, hiscreation of one himself, include this necessary grant
But suppose the grant necessary, and that the premises were not part of the city, is it not necessary to be presumed that such grant was made? It is a necessary presumption, when a thing that may be acquired by prescription, has been so long in the -hands of the possessor, to give the title. Here, that proof is before the court. Therefore, it inevitably follows, that whether the -laying out of the town is, as I suppose it, a sufficient grant, or whether the nature of the property required a separate grant to convey it, is immaterial. In the one case, the grant is proved ; in the other,. its existence is necessarily presumed.
There is on this head alone, an erroneous 'conclusion drawn from the law of Partidas quoted by the learned judge. That law (tit. 28, 3d partid.) defines what shall be the common property of the cities, for the use of all the citizens, in contradistinction to that which is held by the magistrates of the city for the commbn good, *but of which the citizens have not the common use; and after .enumerating some of them, as the banks of the rivers, the public fountains, the commons adjacent to the town, adds, "and other such like places as are established and granted for the common use." Evidently referring to the use to which the property is appropriated, not to the manner of acquiring it. The same judge also on this head adds, "that the plans produced in evidence, have never been delivered to the city as a muniment of title." This appears not quite certain. Considering the various changes of jurisdiction that the city and province have been subject to, the two successive conflagrations of the city, and the notorious loss and removal of public documents; the probability, I should think, would certainly be, that where lots were to be sold, -buildings erected, and streets located on the ground, a map or plan must necessarily have-been in the hands of some local public officer belonging. to the community where these operations were to be performed; but wherever it lay hid, whenever its existence was discovered, it must have its legal operation. What that is to be, is more particularly examined in the second part of the learned judge's argument referred to, and adopted as his own by the attorney-general.

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
That. argument concedes that a destination to public uses in a plan, is a sufficient conveyance of the property to that purpose. That this court has correctly placed the setting off of commons to cities, on the same grounds as that of streets and highways: but, he says, that "although this may be perfectly correct under the common law,. yet the decision cannot apply to,a case arising under the French or Spanish law." And he thinks that one -example will show this. "1'The supreme court considers," he says, "that the fee may be in abeyance until a grantee exists who can accept it ; and that then the grant is irrevocable." This doctrine, he thinks, irreconcilable with the rule of the French law, that no community can have a right to the use of immovable property, without letters patent from the king; or with the Spanish law, which recognises no place as common property for the use of the -city, but that which it acquires by grant, purchase or prescription. But, are there any such rules in the French or Spanish laws ? I trust, I have shown there are none: and it is worthy of remark, that on this branch of the argument, the rules are greatly extended beyond the authorities which are supposed to have established them. Thus, the text from Domat says, that the king can permit communities to possess property for their use, (pourleur usage), not the use of property, but the property itself for their use. Two very distinct things; one, a right to purchase teal property to make their own use of it, the other, to purchase a use or servitude, in the property of another. But the answer to these supposed rules, andi to -their application, has already
been anticipated.
The following part of the opinion is not applicable to the present suit, for it consists solely in an endeavour to establish a right in the
king of France, by virtue of his sovereignty and his superintendence of the police of cities, to dispose of the property dedicated to the public use of the citizens; a right which he thinks devolved on the king of Spain, who, as was contended in that case, had made a grant of the land in dispute, part of this quay, to one of the parties in that suit. Now although I should contest every part of this argument, yet .supposing -that the kings of France and Spain (by virtue of some regal power, which I contend they never had) could dispose of property which they themselves had made part of the public property of the citizens ; yet they have not exercised it with respect to the premises now in question: they were handed down to the corporation of New Orleans in regular succession ; and if the sovereignty of the

SUPREME COURT.
tNew Orleans v. The United States.]
country came in the same manner to the United States, it came to them unaccompanied by the right of supervision over the police of cities, which the argument supposes the king to have possessed. It came to them limited by the, powers delegated in the constitution, and we shall certainly look in vain into that instrument, for a power to interfere with, much less to claim the property which had once been dedicated to public use.
This part of the argument also errs, in stating that the supreme court decided, that merely having a space vacant in the plan of a town, was a sufficient dedication of it to public purposes: all the blocks in the plans we have produced, lying in the back part of the city, are left vacant ; they are not subdivided into lots ; yet there is no pretence that they were intended for the use of the. city ; they were left so until purchasers offered for the lots. Something more is required, if I understand the decisions of the court. The space, from its situation, must appear to be necessary for the accommodation of the inhabitants (such as that of the land in question), or there must be some evidence of such dedication by written, or even verbal proof; both of which (situation and written designation), be it remarked, concur in.the present case. . A material circumstance, however, has entirely escaped attention in the argument, which fenders.of no avail all that part of it which is drawn from the prerogative of the king to resume his grant or curtail any servitude he may have created. The land on which the town of New Orleans was laid out, was private property, not the domain of the crowo. It is forgotten, that the province of Louisiana was, after the surrender of the grant to Crozat, granted to the West India Company, to hold in allodial tenure, independent of any feudal rights that might attach to the crown.: that they founded the city with the assent of the crown, on their own lands; and when, in the year 1732, they surrendered their grant, the king took only what they had not disposed of. But they could not, it is conceded, alter the plan, so as to deprive the citizens of any advantage it gave them ; therefore the king, .who received only their rights, could not. A word or two on the supposed right of the king. It is founded on this reasoning. There is no doubt, it supposes, that the corporate power may, with the assent of the sovereign, change the destination of places originally intended for public use, but which, an alteration of circumstances has rendered imploper for that use. But the king united both these powers ; therefore, his will was sufficient to change

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
the destination. This reasoning appears to me to be built on an incorrect view of the nature of the French laws, relating to the communities or municipalities of towns or communes. No act of incorporation was necessary to create them. The permission of the king, as we have seen, by the quotation from Domat, was sufficient. Once created, they had their rights independent of the crown ; rights of property, and franchises, which he could no more legally invade, than he could the property of an individual. In France, most of the towns held their franchises ald property by long usage, which, in general, supposed a royal permission. In their colonies all the
towns were created by the same means which were pursued in the present case; the survey under royal authority, or that which it had delegated, and the subsequent government by municipal officers, appointed by the crown or permitted to be chosen by the people. The argument seems to admit in one part, that. after an incorporation this union of royal and corporate powers ceased. If then, the survey and plan by royal authority were equivalent nnder the French to an incorporation under the common law, the argument totally fails. How far it applied to the Spanish law, (more immediately the subject of controversy .inthat suit), may be judged of by the Ist.law, title-16th, of the 7th book of the Novissima Recopilacion; which enacts that all royal grants made or to be made, of the rights or property of any cities, towns or places, shall be de-
clared void. The same want of attention to the distinction between lands
to be granted to a city, as its propios, that is to say, lands not for common use but for supporting the charges of the city, and there designated as a component part of the city in its first formation, pervades the argument (p. 73) ; where the viceroys who had the power to assign such propios to new cities, were directed to send to the king an account of what they have thus designated, that he may confirm them, is brought to prove that designation alone is not sufficient, there must be an after grant. But this law speaks of one thing ; our case, and the case before the court in Louisiana of another. A mere designation of part of the royal domain out of the city for the purpose of supporting the city charges, may require a regular grant ; while a mere designation of a part of the city for the common use of the inhabitants may be, and is sufficient without a grant. The distinction between the three kinds of common property'that may be held by a municipality, is clearly drawn in the

SUPREME COURT.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
Spanish law (3 Partidas, laws 7, 8, 9, tit. 28) : one that is common to all the world, such as the port, the shores, &c. ; another for the common use of the citizens; a third for theexpenses of the community, but which last are not subject to the use of the citizens individually, as the others are. These last are called propios, and by confounding the laws relating to' these three, we run into inextricable error. The whole of this opinion of the truly learned judge of the supreme court of Louisiana is, however, based on the idea that the dedication to a public use in the plan, cannot operate as a grant, according to the laws of France or Spain ; although he admits that they would, according to the laws which govern the other states. For in the conclusion he admits, that if they had been granted to the city, they would not have passed by the treaty to the United States.
Before I finish my examination of this able opinion, which the attorney-general has converted into a part of his argument, I cannot but make but one general remark on the power which it assumes to be vested in the kings of France and Spain, to resume and dispose of those parts of a city which they had designated for public use in the plans they had made of it ; a power insisted on with respect to a quay, to all the land lying between the city and the river, shutting it up completely from the only means of carrying on its commerce, and which yet it is acknowledged they did not possess with respect to the streets. But supposing, contrary to the fact, this town to have been laid out-on land belonging to the king, he gave the streets in no other way than he gave the space in question ; if the one binds him, so does the other. The law by which the city holds is not the mere common law, it is the law of eternal justice, pervading every system, common to every country, and from which every departure is 4n injustice, and an anomaly. What is giveh cannot be resumed without wrong, any more than that can be taken which is derived from any other source. King, republic, or individual, who'gives a right over a property, ean no more resume it than he can seize on that which he never possessed. The designation in the plan meant the same thing in Louisiana under the French law, that it did in America under the common law; .in both it was meant to give a right; in both that right is sacred.
I have now examined the title set up by the appellees. I have shown that it cannot be 'supported by the words or the spirit of the treaty under which they cloim.

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
That the state decisions which are supposed to strengthen it are more numerous in favour of the defendant. I hope I do not flatter myself in thinking that the only one in favour of the appellees ought not to be considered as authority ; because in some points the cause is different; in others the reasoning on which it is founded is unsound ; and because the court giving the decree was divided.
Although in showing the weakness of the plaintiff's title, I have necessarily anticipated many topics which enter into the establishment of ours ; yet I must pray the indulgence of the court while I spread it before them in a connected point of view..
The topographical position of the lands in dispute has been so frequently described, and is so accurately laid down on the plans which are before the court,, that no further description is necessary.
The- following historical facts are material parts of the case ; and are proved by works admitted as authority by the parties.
That the colony of Louisiana having been previously granted to Crozat, he, in the year 1717, surrendered it to the crown ; and that a new grant was, in the same year, made to the West India Company, conceding to them all the lands in allodial tenure; With extensive powers of making establishments of commerce.
That the position of the chief town was designated to be at a place where New Orleans now is, about the year 1720; but that the seat of government was not removed from where it had been first established, until 1724: when a plan was made, of which we
have a copy signed by De Panger, who is proved to have been royal engineer, bearing date the 29th of May 1724 ; and designating by different colours the buildings made before September in the preceding year, and those made since. That altogether some hundreds of houses then appear to have been already built on the streets as delineated on the plan'
That on the 15th of May 1728 another plan was made by Broutin, also a royal engineer, conformable, in the designation of the streets and public plans, to that of De Panger; with the addition of a. great number of public and private buildings marked on it, all situated on the streets as designated in bboth plans.
That in 1744 another plan was engraved and published in Charlevoix's History of Louisiana, conformable in all respects, except in the addition of other improvements, but without any alteration of the streets, wharves and public places, to the plans before men-

SUPREME COURT.
[New Orleans v. The United States.1
tioned. That this work has been admitted as authlentie by the
parties. That in all these plans tile word quay is written opposite to the
front row of houses, and on the space between them and the river which space constitutes the premises in question.
That on the first and third of these plans the ditch arid fortifications inclosing the town plot are delineated ; arid that they are carried round three sides; and terminate at the river on each side, enclosing with the riverthe premises in question.
Upon these facts and documents, together with the admissions on record thlat towns in the'French colonies were not created by act of incorporation, but by plans made by the royal engineers, and deposited in the bureau of the marine, from whence they have been drawn ;.in addition to the corroborating facts of possession, and other circumstances hereafter alluded to ; the appellants rest their claim of title to the. premises in question as a part of the town.
The cases of Cincinnati and Pittsburgh ccntain all the law necessary to be cited in order to establish a title under this evidence; unless,
1. A body of law-should be found to govern this case different from that under which these decisions were given.
2. Some evidence should be found in the case to c6unteract the force of t.hat relied on by the appellants.
1. The cases are perfectly parallel, except that the fact of destination, which was proved by inference and circumstantial evidence in the one of the cases decided by this court, and by parol testimony in the other, is here shown by written evidence on the face of the plan itself. That here the ditch in the first plan, and afterwards the fortifications, which formed the boundaries of the town, are designated or the plan, showing the piremises to be as much an integral part of the town as the streets or squares ;.it is therefore not a parcel of land claimed to have been -given to the city, but one of the public places of the city itself within its designated boundaries, that is claimed in this suit by the United States as their property, to be disposed of as they may think fit.
In this case, as in those decided by this court, the lands in dispute .are such as are absolutely necessary to the wants of a commercial city, more Particularly as applicable to those of a great commercial seaport. The cases then only differing in points which make this stronger than those decided, they must be considered as authorities

JANUARY TERM 1836.

[New Orleans v. The United States.]

in point, Unless it can be shown that they are not governed by the

same law; but this inquiry has already been fiade in discussing

the opinion of the court in the case of De Armas. And I cannot

but think that it has been sufficiently shown, that the princip'es

which must govern the cases are essentially the same in both sys-

tems of law. I cannot, however, avoid drawing the attention of the .court to the very learned and able opinion delivered by the dissenting

judge (Martin) on this point. p. 48. He says: "I have looked in

vain- in the opinion of the court for any reference or allusion to any principle peculiar to the common law of England. It has appeared

to me, that the case was determined on the just, broad and general

principles. of law in the corpus juris civilis : horieste vivere, to act honestly.: polliciti serxare fidem, when we have made a promise to

keep it ; and the necessary corollary, turpe est fideni fallere, it is

shameful to disappoint.expectations we have authorized."

2. If the laws ape the same, and there is no difference in the prima

facie case we have made, the only circumstance which can prevent a similar decree would be the. production of some evidence to counteract that on which we rely. This has been attempted. With

what success we shall next inquire.

1. It has been contdnded, that although this space may" have been

designated for public use as a quay, yet being given by the king he

might resume his grant; that the United States succeeding to his rights may, when they think proper, make the like resumption ; and

that the king of Spain actually did exerciseit, by making grants

within the contested limits, with the acquiescence of the city authori-

ties.

The two first points have been already examined; and it has been shown that no such right of resumption did exist, or could exist, either in France or Spain; that in 'the latter kingdom it was forbid-

den by positive statute ; and in the former, aid hideed every where,

by the first principles of justice.

-

The exercise by the Spanish authority remains to be examined.

The plaintiff produced six grants or permissions to build on the space

in question. Of these,

. The first is that of Magnon, who pei iitons for a grant of a parcel of land near the levee, for the purpose.of pursuing his business as a ship carpenter, which he states to be essential to the service of the

king. This petition is referred to the law. officer of the crown, (the

assessor) who gives it as his opinion, that "although the council of

voL. x.-4 o

SUPREME COURT.
tNew Orleans v. The United States.] the city might hive some objection on account of the lot being situated within its precincts," yet he advises Ihe grant from the necessity of having a ship yard. But no grant was made, although the opinion was delivered in August 1799, and the transfer of the province did not take place until December 1803.
This fact then corroborates instead of impairing our title. The law officer declares that the city had good objections, that the land lay within the limits ; and notwithstanditig the alleged necessity no grant was made.
2. The next is a similar application from Chess6, a calker, foi permission- to build a shed. But this is addressed not to the government but the city authorities, and permission is given to build and hold the shed at their will.. Another evidei]ce not of royal but of municipal authority.
3. The third grant is toBertrand, but it is merely a permission to build a shed, immediately afher a distressing conflagration; which was so far from conveying any property, that the petitioner could not repair the shed without asking a new permission.
4. Urtubuise asserts to the commissioners of the United States (as they report), that he had permission to build from the governor, but produces no authority.
Thus far, then, nothing is proved to impair, but something to strengthen, the case of the appellants. Their claim acknowledged by the law officer of the crown in one instance. The actual exercise of dominion over it in another. In the third, nothing but a permission dictated by charity, in a time of great calamity, when strict scrutiny of the powers of different officers would not be made; and in the fourth, nothing but the allegation of a party produced.
The two remaining grants to Mentzinger and Liotaud, are, it must be confessed, acts which directly asserted the right of the king of Spain to dispose of the property in question; but they were the acts of a subordinate officer, and were so far from being acquiesced in by the city, that an appeal and remonstrance were made to the king; on which, according to the usual dilatory proceedings of that monarchy, no decision was made prior to the transfer. This fact is stated in Martin's opinion (p. 47). No other grants however were made; and the attorney-general might have added to these arbitrary acts of disturbance, one of a more striking kind: where a Spanish governor sacrificed four of the principal inhabitants, and placed the tyrant's mark of blood on the very ground now in question.. My learned fiiend's humanity would not permit him to avail himself of

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
this act of possession, but it is quite as goQd as another that has been relied on, the parading of the troops on a part of the premises. After this arbitrary sacrifice of the lives of its citizens by the first governor, his successors might reasonably think themselves authorized to use little ceremony in disposing of the property of the city ; and if it had been acquiesced in, a better reason might have been alleged than an acknowledgement of the king's title.
The corporation, it is said, have by various acts acknowledged the right of the United States. They have petitioned for, and accepted grants of part of the land ; but this was done before they had discovered the evidence of their title. And even if done with a full-
knowledge of it, could never divest them of the property. No act of interference with the rights of the'city having been
found under the French government, one of our. strong pieces of testimony has been ingeniously made to supply this deficiency. We produced nineteen ancient'grants of lots in the front row of the city, all of which called for the quay as their front boundary ; these were produced to corroborate the evidence resulting from the inscription of that word on the plans. Now one of these, instead of us'ng the expression bounded by the quay, says situated on the quay, sur le quai: just as we say a farm situated on such a river, a lot in such a street. But to take away all doubt on the subject, we have the lot in question located on the map, with the name inscribed and shown to be one of the front lots boundedby the quay. These are the only evidences of interference by either of the governments: none by France from the laying out of the city in 1720 to the transfer, forty-nine years; and such as have been described, that of Spain, since.
An argument has been used which iequires some notice. It is said, that although the inhabitants of the city, individually, might have a right to the use of this ground ; yet, the corporate body, now representing them, can have no title; because, during the French and Spanish dominion, there was no corporation. The king, if I understand the argument, had the power of the corporate body, and held the'ground for the use of the citizens; that the fee was in him, subject to the servitude, for the benefit of the citizens ; that this right was vested in the United States, by the transfer, and that they now held it in the same manner that the king did.
The first objection to thic argument, is the radical one, that every community, under the French, as well as the Spanish government, has its officers to represent them ; and although, by the statement

SUPREME COURT.
fNew Orleans v. The United States.]
of facts, it is considered, that What we call an act of incorporation was not passed, yet all its effects were produced, by the 'erection of the town. Under both governments, every town had its municipal officers, who took charge of its property and asserted its interests, very frequently, against the encroachments of the king himself; an instance has been already mentioned in the remonstrance of the cabildo, against (he governor's grants. Again, if there was no corporatte body, nothing to represent the'city, but the kingly power; how, and to whom, did the king make the grant of the commons, and the lots fr'onting the public squal:e, for the propios of the city, as has -been proved in this cause. Not to himself, surely. NoI he made it to the cabildo, for the use of the city. The ground designated for streets, squares, and quays, by the plan, vested in the municipality of the town, for the common use of the citizens; under the French government, passed to the cabildo, tinder that of Spain, was exercised by-a temnporary municipality, appointed by the French prefect, wlio received the transfer fr'om Spain, in order to deliver it to the United States. They beld it until the United States entered into possession, When another provisional municipality was appointed, and -remained in office until their powers, by a regular act of incorporation, were vested in the present defendants. By that act, "all the estates, whethier real or personal, the rights, dues, debts, clainis, or property whatever, which heretofore belonged to the city of New Orleans, or had been held for its use, by the cabildo, under the Spanish government ; the municipality, after the transfer, in the year 1803, to France ; or the municipality now existing, shall be vested in the mayor, aldermen and inhabitants, to be enjoyed by them and their successors for ever."
This act passed during the first stage of territorial government, when all laws were submitted to congress for their revision. Consequently, they are estopped fiom saying that they have any interest in property which at any time was held by the municipality or the cabildo ; but it has been indisputably shown, that for more than forty-nine years, from the year 1720 to 1769, under the French government, and. from that tine to the transfer, in 1803, under the Spanish, there has been such possession of the premises. Therefore, if every other title, were wanting, this alone would be sufficient to establish our right.
An equally strong objection to this argument, arises from the constitutional power bf congress. If the kings of France and Spain

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
could be trustees for the inhabitants of cities, and exercise either mediately or immediitely, all the municipal powers necessary for the protection of such rights, how is congress to interfere? even if the same rights had been transmitted to them by the terms of the treaty.
There is a want of distinction, some confusion of ideas in this branch of the argument. An acknowledged power and duty of -sovereignty is confounded with one, with which it is not invested, and which it could 'not exercise if it were. The sovereign power has no right to exercise the duties which, by its grant, it has devolved upon the authorities of a city or town; it does not hold the property which is dedicated to the public use of the citizens of that town; but it always retains the power of obliging their municipal officers to observe the terms of the grant, to preserve the property for the use for which it was given. Thus, immediately after the transfer of the country to the United States, before the local territorial government had been established; if the municipal officers of New Orleans had attempted to change the streets, to dispose of the public square, or in any other illegal way to injure the rights of the citizens: the United States, as the sovereign of the country, by its proper officers, might have taken cognizance of the case and prevented or redressed the injury. Then, they might have sustained a suit in their name, as the sovereign of the country, for an injunction to prevent an illegal sale of common property ; but not even then, one like the present, to recover the possession of it. But after a local government had been established under the territorial grade, with its legislative council, its judicial and executive officers, and all the other attributions of supreme power, restricted only by the powers vested inthe general governmeut ; when, afterwards, in pursuance of the terms of the treaty, Louisiana was admitted into the union, on equal terms with the other states : in both these cases, that supei'intendence over the municipality, which bears the attribute of local sovereignty, was transferred to the territorial, first, and afterwards to the state government; and can never be exercised by the United States, unless, indeed, the cons*truction of the constitution should be adopted, which has for the first time, that I am aware of, been contended for in this cause. But even then, if the power given to congress to regulate commerce, should be found to mean the grant of a jurisdiction over wharves and ports, some thing more would be necessary before that power could be exercised ; a code-of the police of ports, the creation of officers, hitherto unknown to our government, gnd some

SUPREME COURT.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
mode of settling the clashing interests of the cities, the states, and the United States, in all the ports of the union. For, I repeat, if the power exists on the -wharves of New Orleans, it must exist in those of all the states; 'or the argument derives it from the constitution, which must. operate upon all. That so great an extension of the powers of the general government has never before been thought of, is a strong proof against its adoption ; and I quit the argument without any fear that the court, by sanction, will make, an inroad on state rights ; which the. learned counsel for the United States would be the first to deplore.
I may hope from.this view that I have shown that the United States can claim no property in the soil.
That they cannot, recover in this suit even if they had a title, because they have not shown such a possession as would sustain a suit for a perpetual injunction.
That the decision of the state court forms no authority to guide that of this court.
That the lands in question were dedicated to public use and vested in the city by evidence that cannot be controverted.
And, that the rights of the city, under the French and Spanish government, have been regularly transmitted to the defendants, forming a chain Qf title that'has vested the property in them subject to laws, for the due observance of which they are amenable to the state authorities, not to those of the United States.
But if there should be a failure in any of these points, there is one on which we cannot be mistaken:
The title derived from prescription by a possession of more than a hundred years. Law 1, tit. 7, lib. 5, Recop.; and law 1, tit. 15, lib. 4, Recop. To rebut this, an authority has been introduced from
Domat to show that things destined for public use cannot be ac-
quired by prescription; an authority showing clearly that property of that description cannot be acquired by an intruder on the common property of a city, but most clearly not forbidding the acquisition of them by the city under that title ; a law made for the protection of public property, not to prevent the application of a law in their favour which comes in aid of lost titles.
Mr Justice M'LEAN delivered the opinion of the Court. This case is brought before this court by an appeal from the decree, of the district court for the eastei'n district of Louisiana.

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
Under a practice which is peculiar to Louisiana, the attorney of the United States, on their behalf, presented a petition to the court ; which represented that the mayor of the city of New Orleans, in pursuance of an ordinance of the city council, had advertised for sale, for a day then past, and was about to advertise anew, for sale, in lots, the vacant land included between Ursuline Levee and Garrison streets, and the public road in the city of New Orleans ; and also, the vacant land included between Customhouse Levee and Bienville street, and the public road inthe said city.
And the petitioner further stated, that by the treaty of cession of the late province of Louisiana by the French republic to the United States of Atnerica, the United States succeeded to all the antecedent rights of France and Spain, as they then were, in and over the said province ; the dominton and possession thereof, incruding all lands which were not private property ; and that the dominion and possession of the,said vacant lands, ever since the discovery and occupation of the said province by France, remained vested in the sovereign ; and had not, at any time prior to the date of said treaty, been granted by the sovereign to the city. And the Oetitioner prayed for ar. injunction to restrain. the city council from selling the land, or doing any other act which shall invade the rightful dominion of the United States over said land, or their. possession of it; and a perpetual injunction was prayed.
To this petition the mayor, aldermen and inhabitants of the city answered, and denied the material facts and allegations in the petition ; and they specially denied that the dominion and possession of the land, at the time Louisiana was ceded to the United States, were vested in either the king of Spain or the sovereign of France, either as vacant land or under any other denomination.
And in a supplemental answer the. respondents say, that the inhabitants of -the city of New Orleans are the true and lawful proprietors of the vacant lots they have been enjoined not to sell.
1. "Because all the space of ground which exists between the front line of the houses of the city and the river Mississippi was left by the king of France, under the name of quays, for the use and benefit of the inhabitants of the city.
2. "Because if since the foundation of the city of New Orleans said space of ground became wider than was necessary for the public use, and the quays of the city, it was in consequence of an increase formed by alluvion, in the greatest part of the front of the

SUPREME COURT.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
city; and the worki which were necessarily made from time immemorial by the inhabitants of the city, or at their expense, to the levee in front thereof, to advance it nearer to the river than it was formerly.
3. "Because, by the laws of Spain which were in force at the time'when said alluvions were formed, and said works were made, alluvions formed by rivers in front of cities belonged to the inhabitants thereof; who may dispose of the same as they think it convenient, oh their leaving what is necessary to the public use."
And the respondents say, that the vacant lots are of great value; and cannot be disposed of unless they shall be indemnified by the government, &c.
A general replication was filed by the district attorney in behalf of the United States.
Statements of facts signed by the parties appear in the record. If this cause be considered on the broad grou id on which it is presented by the facts and the arguments of counsel, it is one of great importance. In one view, the title to property of the value of several millions'of dollars, depends upon its decision; and in any aspect in Which it may be considered, principles of the civil law, and the usages and customs of the governments of France and Spain, and also, it is insisted, important principles of the common law, as well as the effect of certain acts of our own government, are involved. In the able arguments which have been heard at the bar, these topics .have been elaborately examined and variously illustrated; and it now becomes the duty of the court to pronounce their opinion in the case. Being constituted the organ of that opinion, the matters in controversy will be considered under the following arrangement. 1. The rights of 'the plaintiffs in error, by the principles of the common law. 2. Their rights undei- the awsldand usages of, France and Spain. 3. The interestwof .tie United States in the properly claimed by the city, and"their jurisdi'cirn over it. That property may bededicated to public use, is-a well established principle of tte conmton law.: It.is founded in public convenience, and has been sanctioned by the. experience of ages. Indeed, without such a principle, it would be dificult, if not impracticable, for society in a state of advanced civilization, to enjoy those advantages which

,1ANUARY TERM 1836.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
belong to its condition, and which are essential to its accommodation.
The importance of this principle may not always be appreciated, but we are in a great degree dependent on it for our highways, the streets of our cities and towns, and the grounds appropriated as places of amusement or of public business, which are found in all our towns, and especially in our populous cities.
It is not essential that this right.of use should be vested in a corporate body ; it may exist in the public, and have no other limitation than the wants of the community at large.
This court had occasion to consider this doctrine in two important and leading- cases, which lately came before them, and.which are reported in 6 Peters. The first one was the City of Cincinnati v. The Lessee of White.
In 1789, the original proprietors of Cincinnati. designated, on the plan of the town, the land between Front street and the Ohio river, as a common for the use and benefit of the town for ever. A few years afterwards a claim was set up. to this common, by a person who had procured a deed from the trustee in whom the fee of the land was vested, and who had entered upon the common, and'claimed the right of possession. The proof of dedication being made out to the satisfaction of the court, they sustained the rights claimed by the city. At the time the plan of the city was adopted by the proprietors, and this ground was marked on the plat as a comrnon, they did not in fact possess the equitable title to the space dedicated ; but they shortly afterwards purchased ihe equitable,title, and it was held that under the purchase the prior dedication was good.
In their opinion, the court refer to a great number of decisions of this court and others, in this country, and also of the highest courts in England, to sustain the principles upon which the decision was founded. The doctrine 'is now so well settled, and so generally understood, that it cannot be necessary to cite authorities in support of it.
In the case of Barclay and others v. Howell's Lessee, the same principle was sanctioned, as applicable to facts somewhat variant from those which constituted the Cincinnati case.
In 1784, the representatives of William Penn, in whom the -proprietary right of Pennsylvania was vested, by their agent, laid out the town of Pittsburgh. The original plan of the town, the court say, "shows thdt it was laid out into lots, streets and alleys, from the
VOL. x.-4 P

SUPREME COURT.
(New Orleans v. The United States.. junction of the Alleghany and Monongahela rivers, extending up the latter to Grant street. With the exception of Water street, which lies along the bank of the Monongahela, all the streets and alleys of the town were distinctly marked by the surveyor, and their width laid down. Near the junction of the rivers, the space between the southern line of the lots and the Monongahela river is narrow, but it Widens as the lots extend up the river.
"From the plan of the town it does not appear that any artificial boundary, as the southern limit of Water street, was laid down. The name of the street is given and its northern boundary, but the space to the south is left open to the river. All the streets leading south terminate at Water street, and no indication is given in the plat, or in any part of the return of the surveyor that it did not extend to the river, as it appears to do by the face of the plat."
And the surveyor being dead, his declarations at the time of making the survey, that Water street should extend to the river, were sanctioned as evidence; and it appearing that the convenience of the town required the extension of this street to the river; and there being no statement or line marked on the plat of the town as opposed to it; and as the public for thirty years or more, in some parts of the town, had thus used the street; and that property had been bought and sold in reference to it, in this form : it was held to be sufficient evidence of its having been dedicated to, the public. The street thus extended afforded a,large and convenient space for commercial purposes along the shore of the river, beyond what was required for a street.
On the 26th of September 1712, about thirty-eight years after
Louisiana had been taken possession of by Lasalle, in the name of the king of France, a charter was granted by the king to Crozat,, conferring on him exclusive rights for commercial and other purposes, over a great extent of country, which included the territory that now forms the state of Louisiana.
The absolute property in fee simple was vested in him, of all the lands he should cultivate, with all buildings, &c., he taking from the governor and intendant grants, which were to become void on the land ceasing to be improved.
The laws, edicts and ordinances of the realm, and the custom of Paris, were extended .to Louisiana. This charter was afterwards surrendered by Crozat to the king; and a new one was granted on the 6th of September. 1717, to a corporation styled the Western Corn-

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
pany. The land, coasts, harbours and islands in Louisiana, were granted to this company, as they had been to Crozat, "it doing faith and homage to the king and furnishing a crown of gold, of the weight of thirty marks, at each mutation of the sovereignty."
The power is given to this company to grant land allodially. And under its auspices, the ground where the city of New Orleans now stands, was selected as a place frthe principal settlement of the province. A short time afterwards, the foundation of the city was laid, by the construction of a few huts and other improvements. In 1724, and also in 1728, by the facts proved, it seems, maps of the town were made, on which the vacant space, now in controversy, was designated by the name of quay.
The Western Company continued to act under its charter until January 1732, when, with the king's leave, the charter was surrendered, and a retrocession was made by the company of the "property, lordships and jurisdiction of Louisiana."
The town of New Orleans was established, and thie plan, as designated in the maps referred to, adopted, while the'country was under the jurisdiction of the Western Company; and the dedication, to public use, of the vacant space in contest, was made by it, so far as a dedication is shown by the plan and the indorsement of the word quay upon ii.
In the agreed facts, a quay is admitted to be a vacant space betweeri the first row of buildings and the water's edge, and is used for the reception of goods and merchandize imported or to be exported. In the Civil Code of Louisiana, a quay is said to be "common property, to the use of which, all the inhabitants of a city, and even strangers are entitled in common, such as the-stieets and public walks."
The term is well understood in all commercial countries; and whilst there may be some differences of opinion as to its definition, there can be little or none in regard to the popular and commercial signification of it. It designates a space of ground appropriated to the public use : such use as the convenience of commerce requires.
This entire vacant space has been used for the purposes to which it was appropriated ; with but occasional and slight interruptions, to small-portions of it; from the establishment of the designation 6f the quay in 1724, until the present time. The interruption8 referred to, were not such as deprived the public of the proper use ofthe ground. They were generally of a temporary nature, and weie permitted,

.716

SUPREME COURT:

[New Orleans v. The United States.]
where private accommodation was in some degree connected with the public convenience. Temporary shops and baths, which were constructed upon this ground, were of this character.
The public established, at different times and for different purposes, buildings of a more permanent description ; but these were, rendered necessary for the public service, and they seem not to have encroached, to any injurious'extent, on the public use of the quay.
Some of these buildings have long since disappeared, and any of them which may still remain, do not subject the city or the public to ariy inconvenience.
The city authorities, at afn early day, would scarcely be expected to object to the-construction of barracks on this space, for the accom-" modation of the soldiers, which were there stationed for the prote8tion of the city. And much less would they be expected to object to the use of the common for the occasional performance of military evolutions.
The customhouse and public warehouse, erected on this ground by the Spanish government, have disappeared; and the construction of the present customhouse on the quay, by the federal government, in 1819, cannot be consioured as affecting the original dedication.
It may be convenient for the city to have the customhouse situated on this ground, and it does not interrupt the public use.
Two or three grants to small lots of ground within this common, were made under the Spanish authorities; but under the present head of inquiry, it is unnecessary to examine whether these acts were not the exercise of arbitrary power,- by the Spanish officers, and be-. ing in derogation of vested rights, should not be held as nullities.
If these titles were given in the exercise of a discretion, still they: would not go to abrogate a vested right, only to the extent of,the titles. But this question will be more. particularly examined here-
after. Suppose, on the common at Cincinnati, or on the vacant space
connected with Water street at Pittsburgh, it had been proved that the state had constructed a customhouse, or temporary barracks, would such acts have been considered as disproving adedication. Clearly they would not ; nor would grants for one or two lots within either space, unadvisedly issued and in derogation of vested rights,
have been so considered. The. title to Penn and his heirs was allodial, and we have seen

JANUARY TERM 1836.

717

[New Orleans v. The United States.]
that the Western Company was authorized to make such titles. Like the heirs of Penn, the Western Company waw proprietor of a great extent of territory, and the dedications were made under circumstances somewhat similar; but the proof of dedication of the common or quay at New Orleans,. is incomparably stronger than was found in the Pittsburgh. case.
It appears that this quay has been greatly enlarged, by the alluvial formations of the Mississippi river; and. from this fact an argument is drawn against the right of use in the city, at least to the extent asserted.
The history of the alluvial formations by the action of the waters of this-mighty river, is interesting to the-public, and still more so to the riparian proprietors.
The question is well settled at common law, that the person whose land is bounded by a stream of water, which changes its course gradually by alluvial formations, shall still hold by the same boundary, including the accumulated soil. No other rule can be applied on just principles. .Every proprietor whose land is thus bounded, is subject to loss, by the same means which may add to-his territory: and as he is without remedy for his loss, in this way, he cannot be held accouintable for his gain.
This rule is no less just when applied to public, than to private rights. The case under consideration will illustrate the principle.
If the dedication Pf this ground to public use be established by the principles of the common law, is it not of the highest importance that the accumulations of the vacant space, by alluvial formations, should partake of the same -character and be subject to the same use as the soil to which it becomes united ?
If this were not the case, by the continual deposits of the Mississippi, the city of New Orleans wotld, in the course of a few years, be cut off from the river, and its prosperity impaired. If the city can claim the original dedication to. the river, it has all the rights and privileges of a riparian proprietor. .
But there is another consideration of great weight on this sub ject. It appears that the city, from time inmemorial, has been compelled to construct at great expense, and keep in repair, levees, which resist, the waters of the river and preserve the city from inundation. If it were not for these levees or embankments, it appears from the facts proved, that not only. the city of New Orleans, but the country, to a ,great extent, bordering on the lower Mississippi, would be uninhabit-

SUPREME COURT.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
able. These works resist the current of the river; eddies are formed, and the deposits rapidly accumulate. In this way has twe vacant space been greatly enlarged Within twenty or thirty years past.
This enlargement of the quay cannot defeat or impair the rights of the city ; and the question only remains to be answered, whether the facts in this case, by the principles of the common law, show a dedication of this vacant space to public use.
No one can doubt, that the answer must be in the affirmative. The original dedication is proved by the maps in evidence, and by a public use of more than a century. These facts are conclusive. The right of the city is_.sanctioned by time, and established by uncontroverted facts. No case of dedication to public use has been investigated by this court, where the right has been so clearly established. What effect the acts of the federal government, and the acts of the' corporation of the city may have upon this right, will be considered in another branch of this case. As the rights claimed by the city bad their origin under the laws of France, and were enjoyed for nearly forty years under the laws of Spain, it becomes necessary to examine those laws, to ascertain the nature and extent of these rights. On this ground the claims of the city have been earnestly and ably, if not confidently resisted, in the argument. The laws of France and of its colonies, it is admitted, prevailed in Louisiana from its first settlement until the 25th November 1769, when they were abrogated by O'Reilly, captain-general under the king of Spain. On the part of the defendants in error, it is contended, that the corporation of the city has no title whatever to the soil, or to the use of the premises in question : and great reliance is placed on a decision lately made by the supreme court of Louisiana, in the case of C. G. De Armas and M. S. Cucullu v. The Mayor, Aldermen, &c. of the city of New Orleans. Two of the three learned judges Who compose that court lay down principles, in their opinions in that case, which are inconsistent with the right asserted by the city in this case: and it is insisted that this decision, which disaffirmed the right set up by the city, is conclusive on this court. So far as the present controversy may be supposed to arise under the laws of the United States, or the treaty of cession, itis clear that the decision of the Louisiana court cannot be considered as settling the question. In the argument on behalf of the government.

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
the principle. is laid down,.1hat by the laws of France, a city or town could not acquire a right or title to the soil.of immovables, or to the use of them, without letters patent from the king. And Domat, with other authorities, is referred to, who, in treating of communities, declare, as a primary rule, that they should be established for the public good, and. by order or permission of the prince.
By the third section in the statement of facts, it appears that towns in the. French colonies, were never incorporated like those of the United States; they are founded in virtue of orders emanating-from the government, or from the minister of marine, and transmitted to the governors of the colonies, and their administration was confided to intendants, who had authority to enact the necessary public regulations.
It is insisted that no reasons are assigned why the law of France was not complied with, by issuing a grant, if the dedication of this common was in fact made. That the plan of the town may be presumed to have been made, and the ground in contest designated, as. appears on the maps, for other purposes than those supposed by the city authorities. That. the maps were for a long time lost sight of, and could not have been considered as evidence to supply the place of a grant: had this been the case, they would have been preserved with care. But the most conclusive argument against this dedication is, it is said, that until the town was incorporated by letters patent, it Was incapable of taking by grant. And the decision of the supreme court of Louisiana is referred to as sustaining this doctrine.
Great respect is due to the opinions of the two learned judges who made this decision; and especially on questions arising under the civil law, with the principles of which they must be familiar. Still it would seem that a ready answer may be found to at least some of the objections stated by the counsel. In the first place, the dedication of this common was made by the Western Company, who had power to make grants; and ignorance of their rights, by the inhabitants of the city, or of the necessary evidence to establish them, affords no very satisfactory proof against the existence of those rights. And, if reasons can be assigned, why this ground was designated on the plat as a quay, which show that such indorsement could not have been designed as a substitute for a grant ; yet, in the absence of satisfactory reasons, is it not fair to presume in favour of a servitude which has been enjoyed by the city for more than a century ?

SUPREME COURT.
(New.Orleans v. The United States.]
Whether the retrocession of Louisiana, its jurisdiction, &c., by the Western Company to the king of France, could affect the rights peviously granted by it, may be hereafter considered.
It is admitted that th6 power of the sovereign over the streets of a city, is limited. He cannot alien them, nor deprive the inhabitants of their use, because such use is essential t.o the enjoymenlt of urban property. And a distinction is drawn, in this respect, between tile streets of a city and other grounds dedicated to public use. The latter, it is contended, is not only under 'the supervision of the king, as to its use, but he may sell and convey it.
Now, it would seem, in reason, that the principle is the same in both cases. The inhabitants of a town cannot be deprived of their streets, as the streets are esserttial to the enjoyment of their property. In other words, by closing the streets, the value of the buildings of the town would be greatly reduced, if not entirely destroyed. And if ground dedicated to public use, which adds to the beauty, the health, the convenience and the value of towh 'property, be arbitrarily appropriated by- the sovereign to other purposes, is not the value of the property, which has been bought and sold in reference to it, greatly impaired ? . The value may not be reduced to the same ruinous. extent, as it would be to close the streets, but the difference is only in the degree of the injury, and not in the principle involved.
Domat, liv. 1, title 8, sec. 1, art. 1, says, there are two kinds of things destined to the common use of men, and-of which every one has the enjoyment. The first are those which are so by nature; as rivers, the sea and its shores. The second,.which derive their-character from the destination given them. by man ; such. as streets, highways, churches, markethouses, courthouses, and other public places; and it belongs to tlose in whom the power of making laws and regulations in such matters is vested, to select and mark out the places which are to serve the public for these different purposes."
But, it is said, if the dedication was made by'the king, the citizens of New Orleans, or the public, did not acquire a right paramount to his. And that having a right to regulate the use, and the fee never having been conveyed by him to the city, by grant or otherwise, he must of course retain the power of disposing of the property.
The right of the king to this property, is compared to the right of a city, which is vested with the fee and the use; and as in such case the corporation may dispose of the property dedicated with the sanc-

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
tion of the sovereign power; the sovereign, it.is contended, having the right of property aid the -pwer to regulate the use, may alien.
-And it is said, that this suipervision.of, the use by the king, ivas a doctrine peculiarly applicable to Louisiana and. the city of New Orleans, where the changes are so frequent by the continbal formations on the-shores of the Mississippi, in addition to increase, of popttlation and business, which often require alterations in the streets ahd other
public places. Though certain places may be dedicated to public purposes by the
supreme power, and may be said to be withdrawn from commerce, still it is insisted where no grant has been made, and private rights have not become'vested in the property, it is not withdrawn from the sovereign power.
This argument goes upon the fact, that the title to the quay remained in the king of France, which is a controverted point.
That the king, under the law of nations, was entitled to the right of soil of Louisiana, is not contested. The same rights belonged to the" sovereign of France in this -respect, as have been accorded to other European sovereigns who made discoveries on this .continent; but the conclusion which is drawn from this, that, as no grant was given, the king had a right to alien the ground in contest, the same as any other part of Louisiana, is not admitted.
This argurnett in behalf of the power of the king of France over the common, is founded upon the supposition, that the cession of the country to the king by the Western Company, destroyed the rights which had become vested under it ; and also, that as no grant for the land in contest has been proved, none can be presumed.
The doctrine of presumption is as fully recognised in the civil as it is in the common law. It is a principle which no enlightened tribunal, in the search of truth, and in applying facts to human affairs.
can disregard. The retrocession of Louisiana to France by theWestern Company,
did not abrogate the rights which had been acquired under it. All the grants to individuals made by the company were respected; and there is -no act by the French government, from the foundation of the city to the transfer of the country in 1769 to Spain, which 'shows that this dedication was not as much resperted and sanctioned by the king, as were the grants to private citizens. Does not this long acquiescence of the monarch, and enjoyment of the property by the city, afford some evidence of right.? But in addition to this -consi-
VOL. x.-4 q

SUPREME COURT.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
deration, itappears in evidence, that from the time the plan of the city was adopted until !he country was ceded to Spain, numerous transfers of property were made, in which the property is described as being bounded by this quay ; and also, many official transactions of public officers, in which the quay is recognised and referred to. This shows in what light this vacant space was considered by the public, for nearly fifty years after the dedication was made: and it is hot probable that this subject could have been wholly overlooked by the king. The plan of the city, containing the designation of this qpay, was published by Charlevoix in his Hietoire de la Nouvelle France, and perhaps by Voltaire. It is true, that New Orleans contained at this time a very limited population; but it is matter of history, that not many years after the foundation of the city was laid, the most splendid scheme of commercial enterprise, connected with banking operations, was projected in France, in reference to Louisiana. So excited did the public mind become on tiis subject, and so generally was the public attention directed to it, that there is little probability the dedication of this common could have escaped. the notice of the king of France. It was not, probably, deemed too large for the accommodation of a city which was to become the emporium of a country of such vast resources.
The public use of this common for so great a number of years, and the general recognition of it from the time it was dedicated, in numerous private and official transactions, and the acquiescence of the French king, offered. no unsatisfactory evidence of right. If a grant from the king were necessary to confirm the claim of the city, might it not be presumed under such circumstances ?
But suppose the dedication had not been made by the Western Company, and the title were admitted to be in the king, as decided by the supreme court of Louisiana ; is it clear that he had the power to alien the ground at pleasure?
It cannot be insisted that the dedication of this property to public use, whether the title to the thing dedicated became vested in the city or its use only, could withdraw it from the political jurisdiction of the sovereign power. This would place property of this description on a higher and more sacred, principle than private property. But in no point of view can fthis be the case.
That a jurisdiction to a limited extent was exercised by the king of France over the quays of Paris- and the public grounds of other cities in the kingdom, such as permitting buildings to be constructed

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
thereon and regulating the manner and extent of such occupancy, is admitted; but this power seems to have been i6 the nature of a police regulation, and was so exercised as Was not incompatible with the public use of the grounds. This authority, however, does not prove that the fee or the right of use was not in the public, or that the king had power to convey the lands.
Domat says, "rivers, their banks, highways, are public places which are for the use of all, according to the laws of the country. They belong to no individual and are out of commerce ; the king only regulates the use of them." And again, in vol. 2,,lib. 1, tit. 8, sect. 2, 3 and 16 : "we class public places, as out of commerce; those which are for the use of.the inhabitants of a city, or other place, and in which no individual can have any right of property, as the walls, ditches or gates of a city, and public squares."
. In Domat, b. 1;-tit. 8, sect. 2, art. 19, it is said: "if it should happen that some buildings on a public square should be constructed, they might either be demolished if they should prove any way hurtful or incunvenient, or be suffered to stand upon condition of their paying a rent, or making some other amends to the public, if found to be more advantageous to let them remain, either because they would be an ornament to a market place, or other public place, or because of the rent they would yield, or other advantages that might be made of them.
Judge Martin, who dissented from the- opinion of the superior -court in the case above cited, says, "of public places, the public may claim the use'by exhibiting evidence of. a dedication to its profit, by the sovereign or pater familias, without any letters patent, grant or
deed." And "of places which are alleged to be the exclusive property of
the town-or city, or of which the exlusive right to use is claimed,. letters patent, a grant, -or deed, must be produced.
The power of appropriating private property to public purposes is an incident of sovereignty. And it may be, that by the exercise of this power, under extraordinary emergencies, property which had been dedicited to public use, but the enjoyment of which was prin. cipally limited to a local community, might be taken for higher and national purposes, and disposed of on the same principles which subject private property to be taken.
In a government of limited and specified powers like ours, such a power can be exercised only. in the mode provided by law; but in an

SUPREME COURT.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
arbitrary government, the swill of the. sovereign supersedes all rule
on the subject. But it must be admitted that while the French laws ond usages
may show the nature and extent of the right of the public to this common, as it was originated and regulated by them, for nearly half a century ; yet it is to the Spanish laws and usages we must chiefly look in determining this hyead of the controversy.
From the abrogation of the French laws in Louisiana by O'Reilly in 1769, until the country came into the possession of the United-Slates, the laws of Spain acted upon and governed the rights in controversy. The retrocession of the country from Spain to France, and the cession of France to the United States followed so soon afterwards, that these transfers, it is admitted, caused no interruption to the laws of
of Spain. Louisiana was ceded by France to Spain without any abridgement
of the vested rights to property enjoyed by private individuals or communities. The rights of the city of New Orleans were in no respect affected by this cession, unless they have been affected by the action. of the Spanish laws ; and we will now examine this point.
The fundamental laws of the Spanish nation, and which are understood to be alike binditig on die king and the people, are found in 'thePartidas and the Recopilacion.
The 9th law, tit. 20, of Partida 3, contains the following: "the things which. belong separately or (severally) to the commons of cities or towns are fountains of water, ihe places where the fairs or markets are held, or where the city council meet, the alluvions or .sand deposits on the banks of rivers, and all the other uncultivated lands immediately contiguous to the said cities, and the race grounds, and the forests and pastures, and all such other places which are established for the common use."
The 23d law, tit. 32, of Partida 3, is as follows: "no one ought. to erect a house or other building or works.in the squares, nor on the commons, (exidos) nor in the roads which belong to the commons of cities, towns or other places; for as these things are left for the advantage or convenience and the common use of all, no one ought to take possession of them, or do, or erect any works there for his own particular benefit; and -iafny one contravehes this law, that which he does there must be: pulled down and destroyed; and if the corporation of the place where the wbrks are constructed choose to retain them for their own use, and not pull them. down, they way

JANUARY TERM 1836.
(New Orleans v. The United States.]
do so;. and they make use of the revenue they derive therefrom in the same manner as any other revenues they possess; and we moreover say, that no man who has erected works in any of the abovementioned places can or shall acquire a right thereto by prescription."
In the Recopilacion, law I, b. 4, tit. 15, is the following: "whereas, in our kingdoms, persons hold and possess some cities, towns, villages, and civil and criminal jurisdiction, without any title from us, or from the kings our predecessors; and it has been doubted whether the same could be acquired against us and our crown by any-time: we do ordain and corimmand, that ifiniernorial possession, proved in the manner, and under the conditions required by the law of Toro, which is law the 1st, tit. 7, b. 5, ofrthis Recopilacion, be sufficient to acqtiire against us.and our successors, any cities, towns, villages, use or jurisdiction civil or criminal, and thing or part thereof annexed or belonging thereto. Provided, that the time of said prescription be not interrupted by us, or by our command, naturally or civilly. But the supreme, civil or criminal jurisdiction which kings have, by their sovereignty and kingly power, which consists in exercising and having justice done, when other lords and judges do not; we do ordain, that this cannot be acquired or prescribed by the said time or any other; and likewise what the laws say cannot be acquired by time, must be understood .ofthe imposts and tributes coming to or owing to us."
And again, Recopilacion, law I, tit. 7, b. 5, is the following law: "we do ordain, that the mayorazgo [mayorat of the French, entail in English] may be proved by dhe instrument of its institution, together with the written permission of the king who authorised it: provided the said instruments are authenticated ; or by witnesses, who testify in the form required by law, to the tenor of the same, and likewise by immemorial custom proved, establishing that the former possessors have held and possessed the property or mayorazgo ; that is to say, that the eldest legitimate sons and their descendants used to inherit said property, as such, when the holder thereof left other son or sons, without leaving them any thing equivalent to what those who succeeded to the ,nayorazgo received ; provided the witnesses be of good reputation, and declare that they have seen it thus for forty years, and heakrd their seniors say that. they always saw it, and never heard the contrary said, and that it is a matter of public voice,

SUPREME COURT.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
notoriety and opinion, amongst the inhabitants or residents of the place."
In the Novissima Recopilacion, b. 7, tit. 16, law 1, is the following: "our pleasure and will is, to preserve their rights, rents and property to our cities, towns and places, and not to make any gift of any thing of them ; Wherefore we command that the gift or gifts which we may make, or any part of them, to any person whatsoever, are not valid."
A faithful observance of these laws would have preserved the rights of the city, as to the common, free from invasion. No law was cited in the argument which showed the power of the king of Spain to alienate land which had beenadedicated to the public use : and it is clear that the exercise of such a power would have violated the public law, which is understood to have limited the exercise of the sovereign power in this respect.
The king of Spain, like the king of Prance, had the power to give permission to construct buildings on grounds dedicated to public use, without injury to the public rights; but this does not show that either sovereign had the power to alien such lands.
In the 3d Partida, law 3, tit. 32, the sovereign was authorized to grant permission to build on public. places. Apd the comment of Rodriguez, 15 and 16, is, that the building must be so constructed that no one should be injured in his right thereby; because the privileges granted by princes are understood to be granted without prejudice to third persons.
On the 22d February 1770, O'Reilly, governor, &c. of Louisiana, published an ordinance, in conformity to law, "to designate city properties and rents belonging to the city of New Orleans ;" and among other regulations, "six dollars were required to be paid by each boat of the tonnage of two hundred tons, &c. for right of anchorage, established and destined to the keeping in repair of the levee or dyke, which does contain the river within i4s limits; in the whole front of the city, &c." This regulation was to continue during the pleasure of his majesty.
As power was given to the king of Spain, by law, to grant permission to build on public places, it would seem to follow, that such places were not only withdrawn from commerce, hut that the king could not alien them. For if he had the power to do this, in as unlimited a manner as over the crown lands, it would, include the exercise of every minor authority over them. If he could sell and con-

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
vey the lands dedicated to public use, surely he might, without any authority of law, grant permission to build on such lands.
But, as it appears from the evidence in this case, that permission was not only given to conetruct buildings on this common, but that a part of it was granted in fee, it is contended that this is evidence of the.king's power, not only to regulate the use of this common, but to convey it in fee. And the leading case of Arredondo, 6 Peters 691, is referred to, as sanctioning the principle, that a grant, issued by a Spanish functionary, is not only evidence of title, but also that the officer had the power to issue it.
In that-case this court did hold, and the same principle has been sanctioned in numerous cases since, that a grant should be considered as prima facie evidence that it was rightfully issued; but that it might be impeached by any one who set up an adverse claim.
We will examine the grants made, under Spanish authority, to any part of this common, and other acts of jurisdiction over it exercised by the government of Spain, which have been proved by the. evidence.
On the 14th of June 1792, Carondelet, governor, intendant, &c., granted to Liotaud, a lot of ground'situated within this common; andin the grant he says, "making use of the power which the king has vested in us, we grant in his royal name," &c,
And on the 10th August 1795, another grant was made of a lot in the common to Mentzinger, by the same governor.
In 1793, Arnaud Magnon, a master carpenter, represented, by petition to the governor and intendant-general, that he had built a barge for the public, and as a compensation therefor, he asked eighteen or nineteen feet on one side of his house to enlarge it, the same being very small, and that the same was granted to him, but that he had no instrument of writing as evidence of the same, and which he solicits.
And he also represented to the intendant-general, that his dwelling house having been included in the conflagration of 1788, that governor Miro pernuitted him to construct a small house near the river, "on the inner side of its dyke," and in consequence of this misfortune, and his having built a barge, &c. a small portion of land of eighteen to nineteen feet adjoining his house, bad been granted to him. That he was afterwards allowed to build a shed for the convenience of ship buildings, &c., and he prays that a title may be granted to him for the lot.

728

SUPREME COURT.

[New Orleans v. The United States.]
This petition was submitted to the attorney-general, who reported that it appeared to him, "it would be an act of injustice to refuse the petitioner the corresponding titles of property tiat heolicits;"
for, "although the council of this city might have sonrib objec'tion, on account of the said lot being- situated within its precincts, this opposition may be easily overcome, by the certainty that if Mirgnon did not occupy the said lot, it would be necessary that another should occupy it, owing to the necessity and usefulness of said .ship yard to the public."
It does not appear that this claim was ever carried into grint, by the Spanish authorities.
In.1783, on the petition of Etienne Planche, who represented himself to be a carpenter and calker, and having much work which he could not do in his yard, &c.,.he asked permission to build 'ashed in front of his house, which was not to be closed, &c. This leave was given, and he, and those claiming under him, occupied the ground for many years, but no grant was ever obtained from the Spanish governor for the lot.
Catharine Gonzales, widow of Bertrand, set up a claim; and it appears that on the petition of her former husband he was permitted to rebuild his house on the common, which. had fallen into decay, which was allowed by the governor, &c. But no grant was ever issued by the Spanish authority for this lot.
These permissions to build were given by the governor and intendant, under the law, which has been cited, that authorized the sovreign to grant permission to construct buildings on the public grounds.
This was not considered inconsistent with.'the public use, as the powerwas not to be exercised to the prejudice*of third parties.
The three lots for which grants were issued, it must be admitted, under the circumstances, is such a final disposition of the property as is wholly incompatible with the public righ. For the fee of these lots was not only granted, but also the use.
This transfer of the fee, it is contended, affords conclusive evidence that the title to the common remained in the king, and having, in addition to this, the power to regulate its use, he could alien it at pleasure.
If this power was possessed by the king, why was the authority given, in the law w'hich has been stated, to grant permission to con-' struct buildings on public grounds?' This power, as appears from

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
the record, was exercised over the common in controversy, and only in three instances were lots granted absolutely. In the case of the Mayor, &c.,-of New Orleans v. Bermudez, decided by the supreme court of Louisiana, 3 Martin 309, the court say, "however contradictory. these expressions may appear to be, the worst conclusion which can be drawn therefrom against the city of New Orleans is, that they had not that kind of possession which is the consequence of an absolute right of ownership. Yet the sovereign having never thought fit to exercise any further right over these commons, and the claim ofthe city to them having been recognized and confirmed by the successor of that sovereign, t1he inhabitants of New Orleans must be considered as having never ceased to be the rightful possessors of that land," &c.
And in the same book, 303, the court say, "in the year 1795, ihe baron Carondelet, then governor of Louisiana for the king of Spain, granted to Henry Mentzinger, the appellee, a lot of ground, situated in the city of New. Orleans, close to the Levee, &c.
"But the appellants contend, that the spot on which it is located is part of the public highway, and, therefore, could not have been .lawfully granted for private use, even by the king himself.
"That public places, such as roads and streets, cannot be appropropriated to private uses, is one of those principles of public law, which required not the support of much argument. Nor is there any doubt, that if, by a stretch of arbitrary power, the preceding government had given away such places to-individuals, such grants might be declared void.
"But is this grant located in a street, or on the public road ? On. this important question of fact, the evidence, produced by the appellant is, 'by no means satisfactory.' They show, that'according to general usage in this country, the public road in front of the river is close to the Levee. But could there be no derogation from that usage? Was that usage observed within the city of New Orleans? Does not the convenience of placing 'Markets and other public places as near the water as possible, as it is recommended bythe law of the Indies, make it necessary to deviate from such usages in citiesl
"General usage, however, is the only.ground on which the appellants rest their pretensions. No. plan of the city has been exhibited, to show that the lot of the appellee is located upon a place which had been reserved for public use; no testimony has been adduced to prove, that this spot is part of the ground laid out' for the
voiL. x.-4 R

SUPREME COURT.
[New Orleans v.'The United States.]
public road. We are called upon to declare this grant void, merely because the -general usage of the country is to place the road next the Levee."
From this opinion it would seem, that if there bad been satisfactoryproof before the court, that the ground in controversy had been appropriated to public use, the decision, instead of being favourable to the grantee, would have been against him.
There can be no difference in principle, between ground dedicated as a quay to public use, and the.streets and alleys of a town: and as to the streets, it may be asked, whether the king could rightfully have granted them. This will not be pretended by any one. And it is believed, that the public right to a common, is equally beyond the power of the sovereign to grant : unless he dispose of it under the power to appropriate property to the national use; and then compensation must be paid..
The grant to Liotaud was also contested by the city authorities; but it was decided against them on a ground which did not embrace the merits of the claim; -on the part of the city, as now presented.
I speaking of this cdse, Mr Justice Maltin, in his able and learned opinion in the case of De Armas and Cucullu v. The Mayor of New Orlkans, &c., says: "in Liotaud's case, the then plaintiffs Iaboured under the inability to establish the appropriation to the public use, by the founder of the city of New Orleans, of the space which separates the first row of houses from the Mississippi..
"The appellants stated their ability to establish that, immediately after the grant; iXWrftnurs had beenexcited; and the inalienability of any part of the space -having been tenaciously insisted on, the governor had revoked his -grant, and indemnified the grantee, by the concession of the lot on one of the streiets: but the court decided the testimony was inadmissible, and the witnesses were not heard."
"Magnon," the same judge remarks, "was a ship builder, and the ship yard was between the Levee and the water. The governor, deeming the builder's residence near it necessary to the public service, allotted him a space of ground to live on near the yard, but on the opposite side of the levee. The question arising out of this grant was not litigated ; the city agreeing to compensate Magnon for the relinquishment of his claim." This lot, however, though a part of the ground alleged to have been dedicated to public use, is not within the common or quay contested in this case.
And it appears from the above opinion, that to prevent any other titles being made for any part of the common, certain proceedings

JANUARY TERM 18 6.
.ew Orleans v. The United States.]
were instituted by the attorney-general, at the instance of the city authorities, which prevented the emanation of any other grants for any part of the quay, until the country was ceded to the United
States. From a careful examination or the jurisdiction exercised over this
common by the governments of Franceand Spain, and the laws which regulated this description of property in both countries, the conclusion seems not to be authorised, that it was considered as a part of the public domain or crown lands, which the king could sell and convey. This power was not exercised by the king of France, and the exercise of the power by the Spanish governor in the instances stated, was in violation-of the laws of Spain, and equally against its usages.
The land, having beendedicated to public -use, was withdrawn from commerce; and so long as it continued to be thus used, could not become the property of any individual. So careful Was the king of Spain to guard.agaiust the alienation of property which had been dedicated to public use, that in a law cited, all such conveyances are declared to be void.
It would be a dangerous doctrine to consider the issuing of a grant as conclusive evidence of right in the power which issued it. On itE face it is conclusive, and cannot be controverted ; but if the thing granted was not in. the grantor, no right passes to the grantee. A grant has been frequently issued by the United States for land which had been previously granted; and the second grant has been held to be inoperative. And.in a case recently decided by this court, where the government had granted land in the state of Ohio, as land belonging to the United States, which was found to be within the Virginia reservation in that state, to satisfy certain military claims, it was held, that the title did not pass under the grant. If, then, the common in question had been dedicated to public use so as to withdraw it from commerce, and so vest the title in the public as to preserve it from alienation by the king, the grants issued for the lots stated, cannot affect the right of the public, at least beyond the limits of those grants.
That both the kings of France and Spain could exercise a certain jurisdiction over this common, and other places similarly situated, has been stated; but this was a police regulation, and wits rightfully exercised in such a manner as not to encroach upon the public use. This seems to be the result to Which a careful examination of the laws and usages of both countries must lead us.

SUPREME COURT.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
We come now to examine, under the third head, the ipter est of the United States in the property claimed by the city, -and their jurisdiction over it.
The first article of the treaty of cession is as follows : "whereas, by the article the third of the treaty,' concluded at St Ildefonso the 1st October 1800, between the first consul of the French republic and his catholic majesty, it was agreed as follows: his catholic majesty promises and engages, on his part, to retrocede to the French republic, six months after the full and entire execution of the conditions and stipulations herein relative to his royal highness the duke of Parma, the colony or province of Louisiana, with the same extent that it now has in the hands of Spain, and that it had when France possessed it, and. such as it should be after the treaties subsequently entered into betweerr Spain and other states." And in behalf of the French republic, the first consul ceded, "for ever and in full sovereignty, the said territory, with all its rights and appurtenances, as fully and in the same manner as they have been acquired by the French republic," &c.
And in the second article it is declared, that in the cession. "are included the adjacent islands belonging to Louisiana, all public lots and squares, vacant lands, and all public buildings," &c.
Under this treaty Louisiana was ceded to the United States in full sovereignty, and in every respect, with all its rights and appurtenances, as it was held by h republic of France,' and as it was received by that republic from Spain. And it is insisted,.that the same rights of jurisdiction and property which appertained to the sovereign of Spain, under its laws and regulations, were, by the treaty, transferred to the United Slates: and that whether this right extends to the fee of the property in contest, or the regulation of its use, it is contended that this court must take jurisdiction of the case, and restrain the city authorities from seUing any part of it.
To show that the federal government has considered this common as a part of the public domain, under-the treaty, various laws of congress have been referred to, and official prpceedings by the agents of the government, in reference to it-; and. also it is shown, that the action of the government has been' solicited ' by the city authorities, who, by these acts, it is insisted, .have acknowledged the right of property to be in the United States, as asserted in their behalf by the district attorney of Louisiana. We will refer more particularly to those acts.

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[New Orleans .v. The United States.]
On the 26th March 1804, congress passed an act, "erecting Louisiana into two territories, and providing for the government thereof;" in the fourteenth section of which it was provided, that all -grants for land within the territories ceded by France,' the title of which was, at the date of the treaty of St Ildefonso, in the crown, &C.of Spain, were declared to be null and void." Provided, nothing in.the section was to make void any bona fide granti agreeably to the laws, usages, &c. of the Spanish government. An act entitled "an act for ascertaining and adjusting the titles and claims to land, within the territory of Orleans, and the district of Louisiana," was passed on the 2d March 1805. This act, after specifying what titles under the Spanish government should be held valid, and requiring the evidences of title to be exhibited, &c., authorized the appointment of a register, who, with two commissioners to be appointed, were to constitute a board for the decision of land claims in the territory, &c.; and their report was required to be laid before congress, &c. And by an act of the 3d March 1807, it was provided, "that the claim of the city of New Orleans to the commons adjacent to said city, and within. six hundred yards of the fortifications of the same, -be, and the same is hereby recognised and confirmed: provided, that the corporation shall, within six months after passing this act, relinquish and release any claim they may have to such commons beyond the distance of six hundred yards aforesaid," &c.
Other acts were passed in relation to land claims in the district,
which it cannot be necessary to notice. Arnaud Magnon, whose claim has been before referred to, applied
to the commissioners under the above act to report on land titles, &c., who reported : "we know of no law or usage of the'Spanish government respecting claims similarly situated : but thiok it highly probable, that had the claimant applied he would have obtained a grant for it, as a grant. was made to a lot of ground adjoining him under no higher pretensions. Nor does this appear to come within any of the provisions of the laws of the United States, although there have been ten consecutive years' possession ; the land has not been inhabited or cultivated. This part of the claim we do not feel ourselves authorized to decide on ; but are of opinion, that, in justice, the claim oughtto be confirmed."
And, on the claim of John J. Chess&, the commissioners report, that "they did not feel authorized to make any decision on the claim;

SUPREME COURT.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
but they thought it would be more an act of justice than generosity -if the government should confirm -it."
A similar report was made on the claim of Catherine Gonzales and Peter Urtubuise. Their claims were for lots of ground within the common: and they have been confirmed by acts of congress; and patents have been issued to the claimants.
The claim of the city to the commons was presented by P. Derbigny and L. S. Kerr; whowere duly authorized to present it in:behalf of the city. And the commissioners reported : "that the claim was in part settled by the acts of congress of 1,807 and 1811 ; which confiim to the corporation six hundred yards from the fortifications of the city; but which are, nevertheless, embraced by the claim aforesaid. That they had in vain searched in the documents to which they were referred for proof of even a shadow of title to this land. That there was no evidence of it ever having been granted or considered as belonging to the city, either by the French or Spanish government.. The board, therefore, rejected the claim."
On the 3d of April 1812, congress "passed an act granting to the corporation of the city of New Orleans the -use and possession of a lot in the said city."
By this act the city "was auLLIorised to .se, possess and occupy the same, for the purpose of erecting, or causing to be erected and kept in operation a steam engine or engines for conveying water into the said city.; and all. buildings necessary to the said purpose: provided, that if the space of ground shall not be occupied for the said purpose within the term of three years from and after the passing of this act, or shall, at any time thereafter, cease to be so occupied for the term of three years, the right and claim of the United States thereto shell remain unimpaired."
And by an act of the 30th of March 1822, " the corporation of the city of New Orleans was authorized to appropriate so much of the lot of ground on which fort St Charles formerly stood as may be necessary for continuing Esplanade street to the Mississippi river; and, also, to sell and convey that portion of the said ground which lies below said street," &c.
By the act of the 20th of April 1818, congress authorized the president to abandon the use of the navy arsenal, military hospital and barracks in the city of New Orleans; and, after laying off the ground into lots, to sell them at public sale, &c. And he was authorized to cause the fort St Charles to be demolished, and the navy yard in the

JANUARY. TERM 1836.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
city to be discontinued ; and the lot of ground on which the fort stood was appropriated to the use of a public square, to be improved as the corporation of the city should think proper. These acts related to lots within the common of the city; though but few of them are included in that part 6f the ground respecting which this suit
was commenced. These official acts of the federal government, by legislation and
otherwise, respecting the common claimed by the city, and some of which were induced by the special application of the corporation, afford strong evidenc, it is contended,not only of the right of the United States to the property in. question, but that such right was fully recognized by the corporation.
It must be admitted, that several of these acts are unequivocal in their character, and do show, as contended by the attorney-general, an admission,_on the part of the city, not only that congress. had a right to legislate on this subject, but also to dispose of certain parts ofthe common in fee. And these acts, if unexplained, do strengthen the argument against the claim set up by the. city.
It is a principle sanctioned as well by law as by the immutable principles of justice, that where an individual acts in ignorance of his rights, he shall not be prejudiced by such acts' And this rule applies at lea'st with as much force to the acts of corporate bodies, as to those of individuals. We will, therefore, inquire, as we are bound to do, whether, under the circumstances of this case, the acts. of the city can, justly, be considered as prejudicing the claim which they assert.
in the first place, the fact that when we obtained possession of Louisiana, the city of -New Orleans was composed of citizens who, in their language, habits of thinking and acting, were almost as dissimilar from other parts of the United States, as if they had inhabited a different continent, is of great importance; and, above -all, they were unacquainted with the nature of our government, in a great
degree, and the principles of our jurisprudence. They may be supposed to have been acquainted with the civil
law, and to some extent, at least, with their rights as recognized and sanctioned by the laws and usages of Spain.
It is well known that the policy of Spain in regard to a disposition of her public domain, is entirely different to that which has been adopted by the United States. We dispose of our public lands by sale; but Spain has uniformly bestowed her domain in reward for

SUPREME COURT.
[New Orleans v. The United States.)
meritorious services, or to encourage some enterprise deemed of public utility.
That a community, composed, as were the citizens of New Orleans, almost entirely of foreigners, and under the circumstances which existed, should have mistaken their rights, is. not extraordinary. Indeed, it would have been a matter of surprise if they had, under the new system, understood-the extent of their claim. They did exhibit their claim to the commissioners, who rejected it. And this, no doubt, induced the corporation to make the applications to congress which have been noticed.
But in addition to the consideration that the city authorities, probably, acted in ignorance of their rights, it may be safely assumed, that they had not the power, by the acts referred to, to divest the city of a vested interest in this common.
We come now to inquire whether any interest ih the vacant space in contest, passed to the United States under the treaty of cession.
In the second article of the treaty, I.*"all public lots and squares, vacant lands, and all public buildings, fortifications, barracks, and other edifices, which are not private property" were ceded. And it is contended : as the language of this article clearly includes the ground in controversy ; whether it be considered a public square or vacant land; the entire right of the sovereign of Spain passed to the United States.
The government'of the United States, as was well observed in the argument, is one of limited powers. It can exercise authority over no subjects, except those which have been delegated to it. Congress cannot, by legislation, enlarge the federal jurisdiction, nor can it be enlarged under the treaty-making power.
If the common in contest, under the Spanish crown, formed a part of the public domain or the crown lands, and the king had power to alien it, as other lands, there can be no doubt that it passed under the treaty to the United States, and they have a right to dispose of it, the same as oiher public lands. But if the king of Spain held the land in trust, for the use of the city, or only possessed a limited jurisdiction over it, principally, if not exclusively, for police purposes, was this right passed to the United States under the treaty ?
That this common, having been dedicated to public use, was withdrawn from commerce, and from the power of the king rightfully to alien it, has already been shown; and also, that he had a limited power over it, for certain purposes. Can the federal govern-

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[New Orleans v. The United States.]
ment exercise this power . If it can, this court has the power to interpose an ijdnction or interdict to the sale of any part of the comnon by the city, ifthey shall think that the facts authorize such an interposition.
It is insisted that the federal government nay exercise this authority, under the power to regulate commerce.
It is very clear,' that as the treaty cannot give this power to the federal government, we must look for it in the constitution ; and that the same power must authorize a similar exercise of jurisdiction over every other quay in the United States. A statement of the case is a sufficient refutation of the argument.
Special provision is made in the constitution, for the cession of jurisdiction from the states over places where the federal government shall establish forts, or other military works. And it is only in these places, .or in the territories of the United States, where it can exercise a general jurisdiction.
The state of Louisiana was admitted into the union, on the same footing as the original states. Her rights of sovereignty are the same, and by consequence no jurisdiction of the federal government, either for purposes of police or otherwise, can be exercised over this public ground, which is not common to the United States. It belongs to the local authority to enforce the trust, and prevent what they shall deem a violation of it by the city authorities.
All powers which properly appertain to sovereignty, which have not been delegated to the federal government, belong to the states and the people.
It is enough for this court, in deciding the matter before them, to say, that in their opinion, neither the fee of the land in controversy, nor the right to regulate the use, is vested in the federal government; and, consequently, that the decree of the district court must be reversed, and the cause remanded with directions to dismiss the bill.
As it is not necessary, we do not decide on the right of the corporation to sell any part of the common, or to appropriate it in any other manner than as originally designated.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the district court of the United States for the eastern district of Louisiana, and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, it is
VOL. x.-4 9

738

SUPREME COURT.

[New Orleans v. The United States.]
ordered, adjudged and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said-district court in this cause be, and tie same is hereby reversed and annulled. And this court, proceeding to render such decree as .the said district court ought to have rendered in the premises, doth order, adjudge and decree that the bill of the complainant in this cause be, and the same is hereby remanded to the said district court of the United States for the eastern district of Louisiana, with directions to the said district court to carry this decree into effect.

JANUARY TERM 1836.
ALPHONSO WETMORE, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR V. THE UNITED STATES.
A paymaster in the army of the United States, appointed under the act of congress passeu the 24th of April 1816, is entitled to the pay and emoluments of a major of infantry, and not those of a major of cavalry.
The army registers, published by the adjutant and inspecLur-general of the army, containing the general regulations of the armywhich are delivered by the departments to the officers of the army, are not evidence to establish the pay and emoluments of officers in the service. These are fixed and determined by acts of congress.
The registers are compilations issued and published to the army by the direction of the secretary at.war, in the exercise of his official authority; and When authenticated by him, would be evidence of the facts, strictly so, they may contain ; such as the names of officers, date of commissions, promotions, resignations, and' regimentaj rank, brevet and other rank, or the department of the army to which officers belong: but from none of these can an inference be drawn by a jury to establish the pay and emoluments of officers; as they are provided for by law, and must be determined by the court when they are doubtful, and the subject of dispute in a suit between an officer and the United States. Nor can such registers be evidence of the correctness of any classification of the officers of departments into a general staff of the army: for though they are probably correct, being prepared by persons whose professional duty it is to be well informed upon the subject, and who, from their familiarity with military science and the general arrangement of armies, are supposed to be expert interpreters of the acts of congress for the organization of our army ; still, what officers are of the staff,or gene.al staff, depends upon acts of congress, which are to be expounded by the courts, when an officer claims i judicial determination, of his rights as to pay and emoluments frona his having been arranged as belonging to-the staff.
IN error from the district court of the United States for the district of missouri.
An action of indebitatus assumpsit was instituted at September term 1832, by the United States, in the district court of the- United States for the Missouri district, against Alphonso Welmore, upon -an account regularly adjusted, settled and certified at the treasury of the United States on the 18th of November 1831. The account charged the defendant with the sum of 3388 dollars and 18 cents, "for difference of pay and forage, between a major of cavalry and a major of infantry, improperly received by him, and 6ow'brought to his debit." At the foot of the-account there is a statement by the second auditor of the treasury, as follows: " the same being the, difference of pay and forage claimed by him, between a major of cavalry and

SUPREME COURT.
[Wetmore v. The United States.]
a major of infantry, to which he is considered as not entitled by the accounting officers of the treasury of the United States."
The cause was tried by a jury on the 6th of September 1832, and a verdict was found for the United States.
The United States produced and read in evidence, the duly certified transcript from the treasury showing the amount of the claim against the defendant.
It was admitted on the trial, that the defendant had served as a paymaster (duly appointed as such) in the army of the United States, from the said 24th day of April 1816'to the said 31st. day of May 1831; and that the amount stated in said a~count and iianscript to be due from the defendant to the United States consists solely of the difference'between the pay and emoluments allowed by the accounting officers to the defendant, and the pay'and emoluments retained and. claimed by him durin' .the period of service
aforesaid. The defendant claimed to be allowed for his service during the
period aforesaid, the pay and emoluments allowed, by law, to other officers of the general staff of the army of the rank of major ; and who are entitled to the pay and.emoluments of majors of cavalry.
. He offered in evidence an army register, prepared and published
by the adjutant and inspector-general of the United States in 1816, which register was delivered to the defendant, and other -officers of th6 army; in the register the officers of the pay department,· created by the act of congress of.the 24th of April 1816, are arranged as belbnging to the general. staff of the army ; which evidence was, .on motion of the plaintiffs, rejected by the court, to which opinion of the court, the defendant, by his counsel, excepted.
The defendant also offered in evidence the register of the army of the United States for the year 1831, prepared, published and subscribed by the adjutant-general ; in which register the officers-of the pay department-are arranged under the head, and as appertaining to the general staff of the army; which evidence, as offered, was rejected by the court, and the defendant, by his counsel, excepted to the said decision rejecting said testimony. The defendant then offered to read tcr the jury a general order, dated, "head quarters of the army, adjutanI-general's office, Washington, l1th of June 1832 ;".order No. 50, signed by the adjutant-general; and purporting to have been issued by command of major-general Alexander Macomb, commander-in-chief; which order. prescribes the dress of

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Wetmo.e v. The United States.]
the officers, non-commissioned officers, musicians, and privates of the army, and other regulations of the government of the army; and contains, among other things, the following, to wit: "the general staff is to include the. adjutant-general,. the inspectors-general, the aids-de-camp, the officers of the quartermasters' department, the officers of the subsistence department, the officers of the pay department, the officers of the medical department, the commissary-general of purchases." To the reading which general order, the plaintiffs by their counsel, objected; and the court sustained the objection, and rejected the evidence so offered: to which opinion of the court, the defendant, by his counsel; excepts. No further evidence being offered, the defendant moved the court to instruct the jury as follows:
1. That the defendant is entitled to the pay and emoluments allowed by law to the officers of the general staff of the army, of the rank of major; that is to say, the pay and emol'uments allowed to majors of light dragoons, by the act of congress of the 12th of April 1808.
2. That if the, jury find from ,the evidence that the defendant was, from the 24th of April 1816, to the time of the statement of the account read in evidence, an officer in the general staff of the army, he isentitled,.for the time he has so served, to the pay and emoluments allowed by law to the. officers of the general staff of the rank of major.
Which instructions were by the court refused ; and the court instructed the jury that the defendant, in virtue of his office, was entitled only to receive, the pay and emoluments of a major of infantry : to which opinions of the cohrt in refusing the instructions prayed for by the defendant, and also to the instructions given ;the defendant, by his counsel, excepted. The court sealed a bill of exceptions.
The district court gave judgment on the verdict in favour of the United States; and the defendant prosecuted this writ of error.
The case was argued by Mr Jones, for.the plaintiff in error; and by Mr Butler, attorney-general, for the United Sta.es.
" It was agreed that the following documents, facts and circumstances, omitted in the statement contained in..the bill of exceptions, shall be'supplied by consent, and considered on the argument and decision of this writ of error as part of the case, in like manner as if
VOL. x.-4 G

SUPREME COURT.
[Wetmore v. The United States.)
they had been annexed to and stated in said bill of exceptions, and had formed part of the original record, to wit:
"I. That the two army registers referred to in the bill of exceptions, as printed and published by.order of the secretary of war, in the years 1816 and 1831, be annexed to this case and considered as part thereof, and of the record: and it is admitted that such registers were prepared, 'and were issued and published to the army, by the direction of the secretary of war, in the exercise of his authority as such secretary.
"2. That the general order, No. 50, of the 11th of June 1832, referred to in said bill.of exceptions, be in like manner annexed to this case and considered as part thereof, and of the record : and it is admitted to be an authentic general order, such as it purports to be, and was regularly .published and issued-to the army.
"3. That the 'General Regulations -for the Army,' printed and published by the war department in the year 1825, be in like manner annexed to this case, and considered as part thereof, and of the record: and it is admitted that the same are the regulations established by the.president of the United States for the government of the army,and were published as.such by his authority'
"4. That the custom and usage of the army has always been to class the officers of the pay department among the Qfficers of the general staff of the army.
"5. That since the act of the 24th of April 1816 (6 Laws U. S. .79), for the organization of the generalstaff, &c., it has been the invariable usage and practice of the treasury department, and of the proper accounting officers, to allow the pay and emoluments of majors of cavalry to the assistant .adjutants-general, to the assistant inspectors-general, to the deputy quartermasters-general, and to the topographical engineers; and since the act of the 2d of March 1824 (6 Laws U. S. 553), to majors on ordnance duity, and to the quartermasters."
Mr Justice WAYNE' delivered the opinion of the Court. This is a writ of error from the district court of the United States for the district of Missouri, to have a judgment reversed,,which was ',ndered for the United States, against the plaintiff in error. ',twas admitted on the trial, that the defendaint had served as paymaster of the army, duly appointed as such, from the 24th April 1816, to-the 31st May 1831. That the amount- claimed from him

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Wetinore v. The United States.]
by the United States was the difference between tie pay and emoluments allowed by the accounting officers of the treasury to the 'defendant, and the amount claimed and retained by him during the period of his service. The defendant had retained the pay and ernolumehts allowed by law to officers of the general staff of the army, of the rank of major. Upon the trial, the defendant offered as evidence two army registers; one published by the adjutant and inspector-general of the army.in August 1816, the other published in 1831, which'had been delivered to himself and other officers of -the army. In both, the officers of the pay departme it arear'ranged as belonging to or appertaining to the general staff of the army. He also offered as evidence a general order, issued by the major-general. commanding in chief, dated at head quarters of the army, adjutantgeneral's office, Washington, the 11th June 1832; which directs, that the general staff is to include the officers of the pay department. These registers, and the general order, the court refused to allow to be .read as evidence to the jury; and 'no further evidence being offered by. the defendant, he moved the court to instruct the jury :
1st. That the'defendant is entitled to the pay and emoluments allowed by law to the officers of the general staff of the army, of the rank of mnjor ; that is to say, the pay and emoluments allowed. to majors of light dragoons by the act of congress of the 12th April .1808.
2d. That if the jury find, from the evidence,, that the defendant was, from the 24th April 1816 to the time oi' the statement of the account read in; evidence, an officer in.the general staff df the army; he is entitled, for the time he has served, to the pay and emoluments allowed by law to the officers of the general staff of the rank of major. " The c6urt refused to give the instructions; and instructed the jury that the defendant, in virtue of his office, was entitled only to receive the pay and emoluments of a major of infantry.
These registers, however, and the general order of the majorgeneral, with the general regulations of the army printed and published by the war department in the year 1825, have, since the writ of error was sued out, been admitted, by the consent of the attorney. general, to be a part of the original record, as if they had been referred to and stated itr the bill of exceptions, and had been proved on- the, trial. And it is further admitted by the attorney-general and the defendant's counsel, that the custom and usage of'the army have always been, to class the officers of the pay department among the officers of the general staff of the army; and that since the act of

SUPREME COURT.
[Wetmore v. The United States.]
the 24th April 1816, for the organization of the general staff, &c., it has been the inyariable usage and practice of the treasury department, and of the proper accounting officers, to allow the pay and emoluments of a major of.cavalry to the amistant adjutants-general, to the assistant inspectors-general, to the deputy quartermastersgeneral, and to the topographical engineers; and since the act of the 2d March 1821, to majors on ordnance duty, and to the quartermasters.
It is but proper, however, to remark, that the court did right in rejecting the registers and general order, when the defendant offered them as evidence on the trial. The registers are compilations issued and published to the army by the direction of the secretary at war, in the exercise of his official authority; and when authenticated by him, would be evidence of the facts, strictly so, they may contain; such as the names of officers, dafe of commissions, promotions, resignations, and regimental rank, brevet and other rank, or the department of the army to which officers belong: but from none of these can an inference be drawn by a jury to establish the pay and emoluments of officers; as they are provided for by law, and must be determined by the court when they are doubtful, and the subject of dispute in a.suit between an officer and the United States. Nor can such registers be evidence of the correctness of any classification of the officers of departments into a general staff of the army: for though they are probably correct, being prepared by persons whose professional duty it is to be well informed Upon the subject, and who, from their familiarity with military science and the general arrangement of armies, are supposed to be expert interpreters of the acts of congress for the organization of our army; still, what officers are of the staff, or general staff, depends upon acts of congress, which are to be expounded by the courts, when an officer claims a judicial determination of his rights as to pay and emoluments, from his having been arranged as belonging to the staff.
However, we are not now called on to say what officers make up the general staff, or what departments of the army may be assigned to it, or are comprehended in it by the acts of congress; nor is it necessary for the decision of this case, to deny that paymasters may not be arranged as of the staff, -under the act of the 2d March 1821. Copsidering the staff as a central point of military operations, whence should proceed all general orders for the army, the orders of detail, of instruction, of movement, all general measures for subsisting,

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Wetmore v. The United States.]
paying and clothing the army; and as the administrative organ of all supplies for the military service and land defence -of the country: it seems to us, that paymasters, from theii" duties and responsibilities, should be classed with the general staff; and we presume it has been done under the act of the 2d March 1821, which, without being express upon the point, has rendered indeterminate the previous acts of congress fixing with certainty the officers composing the staff. Conceding, then, for the purposes of this argument, that paymasters are of the staff; does it strengthen the claim of the defendant to the pay and emoluments of a major of cavalry ?
The position taken in favour of cavalry pay is, that paymasters, being of the general staff, are entitled, by the third section of the :act of the 24th April 1816, to the pay and emoluments allowed by law to the officers of the general staff of the rank of major. The third section declares, "that regimental and battalion paymasters shall receive the pay and emoluments of majors," without the additional words of cavalry or infantry. The ninth section of the same act secures to the several officers of the staff the privileges, pay and emoluments of the act of the'3d March 1813. By the third section of that act, the assistant adjutapts-general, assistant inspectors-general, deputy quartermasters-general, and assistant topographical engineers, aredeclared to have the brevet rank and the pay and emoluments of a major of cavalry. These are the officers of the staff, upon in equality with whom, in regard to pay and emoluments, it is contended that paymasters are placed by the act of the 24th April 1816. The question depends entirely upon the construction of the acts Of congress. Having examined them, we are of opinion, that congress meant, by the words "the pay and emoluments of major," those of a major of infantry.
It was urged, however, in the argument, against this conclusion, that congress, in referring to the pay of major to fix that of paymasters, when there are different amounts of pay allowed to majors, according to the nature of the service, had reference to those whose duties are most analogous to that of paymasters, and who belong to the same branch of service. That paymasters belong to the staff of the army; and all officers of the staff who receive the pay of major, are allowed cavalry pay. That there was a strong analogy between deputy quartermasters and paymasters, both being of the staff and disbursing officers, which raised a fair and strong presumpticn that

654

SUPREME COURT.

[Wetmore v. The United States.]
congress intended paymasters should receive the same pay and emoluments as deputy quartermasters, or majors of the staff.
Upon these suggestions of analogy, we remark; it will not be pretended, before the act of 1816 was passed, that any relation existed between paymasters and the officers of the staff receiving the pay of a major of cavalry, to enable the former to have their pay graduated by that standard. In all the acts of congress, providing for the appointment of paymasters, whether they were regimental or district paymasters, or whether they were. to be selected from the line of the army, or from citizens not of the army; the pay was fixed in reference to the duties and responsibilities of the appointment, without reference to any connexion, of paymasters with the staff, and without regard to any analogy of duty between paymasters and any officer of the staff. In truth, the only analogy existing between paymasters and. any officer of -the staff, is that to deputy quartermasters ; both being disbursing officers. The want of general hnalogy, then, shows that congress could not have been influenced in fixing the pay of paymasters by any such consideration ; and the particular analogy between them and a single class of. officers, in a single point, is insufficient to sustain such a 'presumption. Besides, the act relied .upon to.establish the equality contended for, makes a difference -between paymasters and the officers of thf staff, in regard to rank; enough of itself to account for the larger pay-and emoluments allowed to the latter. They have the brevet rank of majors of cavalry, which is not given to paymasters; and to the latter the law allows no rank. The language of the act of 1813, referred to in the ninth section of the act of 1816, is, that the assistant adjutants-general, assistant inspectors-general, deputy quartermasters-general, and topographical engineers., shall, have the "brevet rank," and the pay and emoluments of a major of cavalry. The section of the act of 1816, fixing the pay of paymasters, omits the words "brevet rank." As well might it be contended that they should have it, as that the words of.cavalry should be added to the word major. One would do no more violence to rules for the construction of statutes than the other; but both would-be in harmony with the principle applied in this instance, to give the paymasters cavalry pay. Rank of itself, in every service, is a good ground for a distinction in pay and though it has not been followed, or has rather, been abandoned in ours, in favour of the brevet rank of officers in the line and staff, it should be presumed to apply to persons having rank, and those

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Wetmore v. The United States.]
who have none. Cavalry pay, then, having been claimed on the ground of equal grade in the staff, the fact being -'1.herwise; nothing is left to sustain the claim.
But it will be asked, by what considerations is-it determined that the pay and emoluments of paymasters are those of a major of infantry ? We answer : first, that all the previous legislation of congress, from the earliest period of the government, and its practice, give a rule which should be decisive of this question. The acts, riom 1792 to the 2d March 1821, (the last upon the subject) show
that congress, in determining at different times, the pay of paymasters, have always fixed it with reference to the pay of an officer in the line, with such additional compensation as was deemed to-be a remuneration for increased duty and responsibility; whether the selection was to be made from subalterns of the army, or from citizens; and when the latter, where there was a deviation, it has been by giving a fixed monthly compensation. This uniformity of practize certainly outweigh§ any presumption that can be raised from the ninth section of the act of 1816, that there was to be a sudden change of it in favour of staff pay: especially so, when the ninth section can only be received as providing for a certain officer, officially designated in the act of 1813, and entirely independent of the third section of the act of 1816, which had already fixed the pay of paymasters. It would be very difficult to connect the two sections, the third and ninth, in any way, to bear upon each other; and the mistake in doing it has arisen from going out of the statute, and engrafting upon the intention of, congress the exterior consideration that paymasters had been arranged under the general staff.
Again, when the acts speak of regimental and battalion paymasters, these laws must necessarily refer to the existing composition of the army, whether it be made up of all, or one, of .the different arms of defence ; and cannot, without great violence, be supposed to mean one of them not comprehended in the existing military establishments of the country. So also, when the law speaks of a major, the term is most naturally considered as having been used in reference to such officers of that rank, and of such regiments actually being of the army, or to.the army as it exists; and when it'is used without'regimental designation, implies a major of infantry; this arm of defence having been made the main body of modern armies. We think military men must so understand it; because, in this, as in all other cases where distinct parts form the minor portion, the larder

. SUPREME COURT.
[Wetmore v. The United States.]
or main body is understood without particular designation, and the minor requires it, to ascertain with certainty what part is referred to as spoken of. So that where the ninth section of the act of the 2d of March 1821, declares that there shall be fourteen paymasters, with the pay and emoluments of regimental paymasters; and when to ascertain what the pay and emoluments are, we have to resort to' the third section of the act of 1816, and there find it to be those of a major: the law must mean a regimental. and not a staff major, a major of infantry. Certainly it should not be tortured to mean a major of one of the arms of defence or kinds of regiment, of which there is none in the army. When the act of 1816 was passed, cavalry did not form a part of the army ; consequently no such rank as major of cavalry existed, by which the pay of paymasters could have been graduated. But it was urged in argument, that there was such a thing. as the pay of a major of cavalry, subsisting in legal contemplation. There was ; but for no other purpose than as giving the standard of pay to certain staff officers. It is not probable that congress, when fixing the pay of paymasters, referred to what only existed in contemplation of -law; in preference to what existed in fact, to guide its determination.
But another, and the only remaining consideration to which we shall allude, as decisive of the interpretation here given to the third section of the act of 1816, is the contemporaneous exl~ition and practice under it, by the accounting officers of the treasury, and acted upon by congress, when five years afterwards it re-organized the'pay department of the.army. The ninth section of the act of the 2d of March 1821, to reduce and fix the military peace establishment, declares that there shall be one'paymaster-general, with the present compensation, and fourteen. paymasters with the pay, &c. of. regimental paymasters. This act, in reference to the paymaster-general, is positive in-continuing the existing compensation ; and the term regimental, applied to the paymaster, is to be taken in the sense in which it is used in the act fixing the peace establishment, or to the kinds of regiment of which the army was to be composed; and as bontinuing the paymasters upon the footing they actually were, and had been for five years, in regard to pay and emoluments. Congress knew what these were, and cannot be supposed to have intended to re-enact the'law of 1816, with the construction of it here con-' tended for; in opposition to the practice of the treasury department under it.
Judgment affirmed.

JANUARY TERM 1836.

625

JOHN M'LEARN AND OTHERS, ALIENS AND SUBJECTS OF THE KING OF GREAT BRITAIN,' APPELLANTS V. JAMES WALLACE, A CITIZEN
OF THE STATE OF GEORGIA, ADMINISTRATOR OF JAMES HtNDLET
M'LEARN, AND ARCHIBALD M'LELLAN AND WIFE, CITIZENS OF THE STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA.
ARCHIBALD M'LELLAN ANDWIFE, CITIZENS OF THE STATE OF SOUTH
CAROLINA, COMPLAINANTS V. JAMES WALLACE, A CITIZEN OF THE STATE OF GEORGIA, ADMINISTRATOR OFIJAMES HENDLET
M'LEARN DECEASED.
JAMES WALLACE, A CITIZEN OF THE STATE OF GEORGIA, ADMINISTRATOR OF JAMES HENDLEY M'LEARN DECEASED V. ARCHIBALD
MLELLAN AND WIFE, CITIZENS OF THE STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, AND JOHN M'LEARN AND OTHERS, ALIENS AND SUBJECTS OF THE KING OF GREAT BRITAIN.
A tract of land id the state of Georgia was purchased by A. M'Learn, on which he established a rice plantation, put slaves upon it, paid part of the purchase money, gave a ju~dgment for the balance, and died, leaving a son, James H. M'Learn, his devisee; who, to obtain possession ofthe estate,mortgaged the land and slaves for the balance of the judgment. A judgment, under the laws of Georgia, binds personal as well as real property. The son died, part of the debt being unsatisfied: leaving as his nearest of kin, aliens; and also more remote kindred; who were citizens of the United States; The real estate was sold to satisfy, and did satisfy the mortgage. The personal estate was sold by the executor. The aliens, who were nearest of kin, claimed the proceeds of the personal estate. The kindred of the deceased who were more remote, but who were citizens of the United States, claimed that the personal estate should have been appropriated to pay the mortgage; and that not having been so appropriated, they were entitled to the money arising from its sale, to reimburse them for Xihe value of the real estate taken by the mortgagor, the aliens nearest of kin not being entitled by the law of Georgia to take real estate by descent. The court held, that as both the real and personal estate had been charged with the mortgage debt, both funds must be applied, in proportion to thei- respective amounts, to its payment. Any debt, not covered by the mortgage, to be paid out of the personal estate. The nearest of kin to take the residue of the proceeds of the personal estate, and the remoter kin citizens of the United States, to take the residue of the proceeds of the real estate, and the real estate unsold.
APPEAL from the circuit court of the United States for the-district of Georgia.
VOL. x.-4 D

SUPREME COURT.
[M'Learn v. M'Lellan.]
Archibald M'Learn, a native of Scotland, and afterwards a citizen of the United States, purchased a tract of land called Gowrie, and a small island, in Ch'athan county, in the state of Georgia, on which he established a rice plantation ; and having paid part. of the purchase money, a judgment was obtained against him for the balance. He died, having devised the whole of his estate, real and personal, to his son, James H, M'Learn. The property of the testator consisted, chiefly, of the plantation in Chatham.county, and the negroes by which it was cultivated. By the laws of Georgia, all the property of the testator, both real and personal, was bound by the judgment against Archibald M'Learn.
James H. M'Learn, holding under the will of his' father Archibald M'Learn, the -whole of his estate, thus incumbered -by the judgment for the balance of the purchase money due for the land, in order to obtain possession from the executors of the will, who insisted on keeping possession until the debts due by the testator were paid; gave to the creditor of his father his bond for the unpaid balance of the purchase money, and executed a mortgage to secure the payment of the bond, on the rand, and on the negroes belonging to the estate. He paid a part of the debt, and died without issue, and intestate; leaving a balance of the original debt for the purchase money unpaid, and secured by the bond and mortgage.
·The mortgagee foreclosed the mortgage, and sold the land for 19,739 dollars 13 cents : thus satisfying the whole of the claims of the creditors of Archibald M'Learn and James H. M'Learn, for the original purchase money of the real estate, and for the interest on the same.
James Wallace administered to the estate of James H..M'Learn, sold all the 'personal property, and after paying all the iemaining debts of his intestate, there was a balance in his hands,.in 1833, exceeding 21,000 dollars ; which he invested, by agreement of all interested, for the benefit of whoeveir might be entitled to the same.
The nearest of kin to James H. M'Learn, were John M'Learn and others, who were aliens, residing, at the time of the decease of the said James H. M'Learn, in Great Britain, and were subjects of the king of that kingdom.
The wife of Archibald MILellan was more remotely related in blood to the intestate, and she and her husband were citizens of the state of South Carolina, at the time of his decease; and she was the nearest of kin to him, capable of inheriting his real estate, accord-

JANUARY TERM 1836.'
[M'Learn v. M'Lellan.]
ing to the laws of Georgia, which do not allow aliens to inherit land. As the next of kin-capable of inheriting, they claimed the real estate of James H. M'Learn.
John M'Learn and wife, and the aliens nearest of kin to the intestate, filed a bill in the circuit court of the United States for the district of Georgia, against James Wallace, administrator of James H. M'Learn, and against Archibald M'Lellan and wife, the remoter kindred of the intestate, citizens of South Carolina. The bill prayed that the complainants should be declared entitled to the estate, real and personal, of James Hendley M'Learn; that the same should be delivered to them, and the cash in the hands of the administrator should be paid to them. The bill also prayed, that Archibald
M'Lellan andwife should be decreed to have no interest in the real estate; and for other and farther relief. . Archibald M'Lellan and wife filed a bill in the same court against John M'Learn and others, the alien kindred of' the intestate, and against James Wallace, his administrator. The bill prayed that the corinplainants may be declared entitled to so much of the real estate of James H. M'Learn, as remained unsold ; that the alien kindred of the said James should be decreed to have no interest in the lands; and that the administrator should be decreed to account to them for the' whole of the personal estate remaining after the payment of the debts of his intestate ; and to account to them forthe amount. of the sales of the land, and to pay to them the value of the said land sold, out of the proceeds of the personal estate remaining unadministered, and for other and further relief, &c.
James Wallace, the administrator of James H. M'Learn, filed his bill of interpleader, claiming the protection of the court, exhibiting an account ; and offering to deliver the unadministered part of the estate to such party as the court may adjudge to be entitled to receive it.
The circuit court decreed that Archibald M'Lellan and wife, as the nearest of kin to James H. M'Learn, capable under the laws of the state of Georgia, of inheriting real estate; they being citizens of the United States at the time of his decase; were entitled to the whole of the real estate of which James H. M'Learn died seised and possessed ; but. the. same having been sold, the court allowed them the money for the part sold, and all the real estate unsold : and to John M'Learn and the aliens, the court allowed the remaining part of the estate, after the payment to Archibald M'Lellan and wife of the sut of 19,739 dollars I3,cents, the amount the plantation sold for, less

SUPREME COURT.
[M'Learn v. M'Lellan.]
the costs of suit, &c. The sum decreed to be paid to John M'Learn and wife amounted to 1557 dollars 35 cents. The administrator, James Wallace, was decreed to pay' those sums to the parties respectively, and to deliver the title deeds, &c.
From these decrees, John M'Learn and others, aliens, appealed to this court.
The case was submitted to the court, on the part of the appellants, by Mr Berrien, on a printed argument, handed to the court by Mr White; and was argued at the bar by Mr Preston, for Archibald M'Lellan and wife.
Certificates from gentlemen of distinguished legal acquirements, and many of whom had held high judicial stations in the state of Georgia, were laid before the court in support of the construction given by the counsel for the appellants, of the laws of Georgia; and the application thereof in cases of intestacy in the courts of that state.
Mr Berrien contended: 1. That the debts of an intestate, whei:ber by simple contract or by specialty, are chargeable equally on his real estate and personal estate in Georgia. The law of England, which declares the latter to be the pri'mary fund for that purpose, and marshals the assets to enforce that liability, by the exoneration of the.real estate, is not the law of Georgia. 2. Even in England, the debt for which the land was sold, under the mortgage given by James H. M'Learn; having been contracted by Archibald M'Learn, and being for the unpaid purchase money of the same land; such debt, notwithstanding the bond and mortgage given by James H. M'Learn, ought, as between his representatives, to be charged on the land. 3. In the worst aspect of the case, the personal estate could only be liable to, contribution. 4. In any event the commissions on the sales of the land, cannot be charged to the personal estate. The printed argument of Mr Berrien was prefaced by the following " preliminary remarks." "The degrees of kindred of the respective parties are not in controversy-neither is the accouht of the administrator; but there is one ,questjon, to which the attention of the court is called, before enterIg into the general argument; because if ddcided in favour of the

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[M'Leam v. M'Lellan.]
complainants in the first bill, it disposes of the whole case. It is, whether those complainants, although aliens, and therefore incapable under the laws of Georgia, of holding the real estate specifically, are not, under those laws, entitled to its proceeds.
"Prince's Dig. 135, art. 15. "Although aliens are incapable of holding lands, they are entitled by this act to take the proceeds of real estate, as devisees, or next of kin, of a deceased citizen. It recites that vexatious lawsuits had been prosecuted by the escheators against the estates of citizens, who had bequeathed their estates to persons residing in foreign parts, and provides that their lands may be sold, and the proceeds paid over. The iords of the recital are confined to persons dying testate, citizens who bequeathed their estates; but the enacting clause applies also, to cases of intestacy, for it authorizes the executor, or administrator. to sell such re~al estate, and pay over the proceeds tothe devisees, or legal representatives of the deceased. It authorizes this, however, only where the citizens shall die, leaving no heir who can inherit the same, because of his being an alien ; and the argument, against which we have to contend is, that when any of the kindred of the deceased, however remote, are citizens, their claims, as to the real estate, will prevail over those of the devisees, or nearest of kin, being aliens. Such is the letter of the act, the words being, ' shall leave no heir, &c. &c.' Sed qui ha~ret in litera, hEeret in cortice. Its manifest intention is, to remove the disability of alienage, from the next of kin, or devise of a citizen; and these words, ' shall leave no heir, &c. &c.' may, without any extravagance of version, be construed as equivalent to a provision in the following words: 'shall leave next of kin, or devise to persons who are incapable of taking because of their being aliens.' It was the design of the legislature to permit a citizen to leave his real estate to the natural, or selected objects of his bounty ; not specifically, for that the policy of the law was supposed t9 forbid, but by a sale and delivery of the proceeds. "This view is confirmed by the act of 1789, which declares, that 'should any case arise which is not expressly provided for by this act, respecting intestate's eslates, the same shall be referred to, and determined by the common law of the land, as it hath stood, since the first settlement of this state, except, only, that real and personal property shall always be considered, in respect to 'such distribution, as being precisely on the same footing.' Now here is a case of distribution of an intestate's estate, not expressly provided for by that act;

SUPREME COURT.
[M'Learn v. M'Lellan.j
and according to the argumentwe are contesting, the real and personal estate would be disposed of in a different manner. But the act itself declares, that the .common law, modified by its own express provisions, shall constitute the rule. The. common law inhibits an alien from holding real estate, but permits him to hold personalty. This act provides that these two species of estates shall be precisely on the same footing in respect to distribution. How are these conflicting provisions to be reconciled ? Must the disability of alienage, which the common law confines to the realty, be extended to the personal estate; or shall the privilege of holding personalty,, be extended to the real estate? It is only in one of these two modes that the requirement of the act of 1789, that real and personal estate shall be in respect to distribution, precisely onthe same footing, can be complied with; unless by a liberal. interpretation of "the act of 1810, (Prince 135) the claim of the alien to take the proceeds of the estate, is admitted."
1. Upon the first point it was contended, that the course of legislation in Georgia, had been, uniformly, to put real and personal estate on the same footing for the payment of debts, as well as for other. various purposes. The doctrine of the common law of England, ,which gives land to the heir, and chattels to the executor or administrator, has never been recognized in the state. Both species of property pass under the laws directly to the executor or administrator, to be applied by him as assets in payment of debts ; or for distribution among the next of kin of equal degree.
No person is known, under the lawsof Georgia, as heir, in contradistinction to the distributees of a decedent, as they are identical; unless in such a case as. this now before the court, where it is said the disability of alienage intervenes to incapacitate the nearest of kin from taking the real estate. But in this case, the more remote kindred must sustain their claim, if it may be sustained, under the statute of distributions of Georgia; and do not take by descent at common law.
In support of these positions, he cited, Wat. Dig: 15, 29, 313,414; Prince's Dig. 559, art. 160 ; Prince's Dig. 160, art. 42.
The courts of Georgia have gi'en effect to the provisions of the constitution and laws of Georgia, which have been cited; and have rejected the distinction which exists under the law of England between the heir of the'real, and. distributee or representative of thQ personal estate; -nid with it the power which is exercised by (he

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[M'Learn v. M'Lellan.]
English courts of chancery, of marshalling the assets of a decedent's estate, as between these parties.
By the laws of Georgia,. lands as well as chattels may be taken in execution, and sold in precisely the same manner. The former are assets for the payment of debts in the hands of an executor or administrator, primaily or equally with the personal estate; and without any proceeding against the heir to render them so. That such -s the law of Georgia, was recognized by this court in the case of Telfair v. Stead's Executors, 2 Cranch 406, 1 Peters's Cond. Rep. 211 ; cited also, Prince's Dig. 211, 212, aft. 12; Dawson's Dig. 216 ; Dawson's Dig. 595; Prince's Dig. 158, art. 29.
The common and statute law of Great Britain, which were "usually in force in the province of Georgia, in May 1776," and not contrary to the constitution, laws and form of the government of the state; were declared to be in force, "until repealed, amended or otherwise altered."
It is necessary then, that M'Lellan and wife, who seek to enforce. what they conceive to be the English rule in this case, should show, affirmatively, that it was usually in force in Georgia in 1776; and negatively, that it has not been since -repealed, amended or otherwise altered : which is believed to be impossible. The onus is with them. But if this were not so, it seems very clear, that our own legislation, and the decisions of our courts, will show, affirmatively, that it is not the law of Georgia.
The whole course and spirit and purpose of the laws and decisions of the courts of Georgia, have been in opposition to the rights which, in England, form the policy which there prevails in favour of the heir. The law of descents of Georgia is different. The right of. creditors to enforce the payment of their debts is different ; and the. marshalling of the assets of a decedent's estate is fixed and regulated on dissimilar principles.
2. Will the English rule, which is appealed to in behalf of M'Lellan and wife, sustain their pretensions ; the debt which has been paid by the sale of the land, having been originally contracted for the purchase of the same ?
Judgment for this debt was recovered against Archibald M'Learn in his lifetime; and by the law of.teorgia, it bound all his property, and the plaintiff in the same could have levied for the debt on either the real or personal estate, or on-both.
Such was the state of things on the death of Archibald M'Learfi.

SUPREME COURT.
[M'Leam v. M'Lelan.]
The judgment remained in full vigour; was an incumbrance upon his estate, and capable of being enforced against his property, real and personal, in the hands of his executors. James H. M'Learn, who was the general devisee of his father Archibald, on coming of age, in order to obtain possession of the property from the executors, and on their requisition, substituted his bond and mortgage of the land and negroes devised to him by his father, and on which this judgment was an incumbrance.
The only change effected by this was to convert the general lien existing under the judgment, on all the property of Archibald M'Learn, into the specific lien created by the mortgage on the property mortgaged, and to re1?ase the remaining property; which is shown, by the accounts of the administrator, to have been very small, from the lien of the judgment.
Now keeping in mind that this was originally the debt of Archibald M'Learn, contracted by him for the purchase of this very land, which is now claimed by M'Lellan and wife; and consequently that it did not, as in the case of money taken up on mortgage, enure to the benefit of his personal estate: it is submitted that even upon the principles of equity, applicable to the subject, which are recognised in the English courts of chancery, no one of these circumstances can, nor can all of them combined, throw this debt, exclusively, or primarily, on the personal estate of James H. M'Learn.
We are not now called upon to consider the lien which a vendor has for unpaid purchase money, as against his vendee, or a purchaser from him. The point presented in this case, is between the kindred of the general devisee of the vendee of the land: one claiming the land purchased, the other admitted to beentitled to the personalty ; and both asserting their claims under the statute of distributions of Georgia. As between them, until the purchase money is paid, it remains chargeable in equity on the land purchased. Neither is this a question, whether the general, real or personal estate shall be charged with this debt. The inquiry is more simple. It is whether the specific land purchased, but not paid for, by Archibald M'Learn, shall bear its own burthen? Whether, upon any principle of equity, M'Lellan and wife can claim this land under the statute of distributions of Georgia, and make the other kindred claiming under the same statute, who have no interest in it, and neither have derived, nor can derive any benefit from it, pay its price ? Cases cited and
examined as applicable to this point.: Hughes v. Kearney, 1 Sch. &

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[M'Learni v. M'Lel]an.]
Lefr. 13; Pollexfen v. Moore, 3 Atk. 236, 272; Cumberland v. Coddrington, 3 Johns. Ch. Rep. 252; Evelyn v. Evelyn,.2 P. Wins 664; Mathewson v. Hardwick, 2 P. Wms 664, note; Billingshurst v. Walker, 2 Bro. Ch. Rep. 604; Bassett v. Percival, 2 P. Wins 664, note.
In concluding the argument on this point, it was submitted, that as this debt was originally contracted by Archibald M'Learn, and was a lien upon his property at the time of his death ; and as James H. M'Learn did not, by giving his bond and a mortgage on the same property which was before bound, make this his own debt, so as to throw it upon his personal estate, as between the representatives of James H. M'Learn, it is not a debt exclusively chargeable upon his personal estate, even according to the rule in the English court of chancery.
3. The third point is not presented by the appellants as if this were a case for contribution. It is admitted indeed, that James H. M'Learn, who was the proprietor of the whole estate, had a right to charge any part, or the whole of it, with the payment of this debt ; and that, in point of fact, he has so charged certain real and personal' property belonging to the estate by way of mortgage. If the claim of M'Lellan and wife, to be exclusively entitled to the real estate, be sustained ; it will result that real and personal property, subject under the mortgage to a common burthen, has become vested in different persons : but it is also to be remembered, that this incumbrance was created by the purchasc of the real property mortgaged ; that the debt, to satisfy which this land was sold, was the unpaid balance of the purchase money of the same land, for which the purchaser and his heirs, however indefinite the series, were but trustees to the vendor, until the purchase money was paid.
As the court gave no opinion on the fourth point, the argument is omitted.
Mr Preston, for the appellees. The construction given to the law of Georgia, Prince's Digest, 135, art. 15, by the counsel for the appellants, is denied. It is contended that the proceeds of land will, under this law, go to aliens ; although the real estate could not have gone to them after the death of the owner. The law referred to by the counsel was not intended to remove the disabilities of alien s ; and this i shown in the title and the pur-
VOL. x.-4.E

SUPREME COURT.
[M'Learn v. M'Lellan.]
pose of it. It is an act to explain the escheat laws. It had no view to extend or modify the rights of aliens. The act of 1810 was intended to explain the act of 1805, and to correct the abuses under it. The law is construed to extend to cases of tcstacy; and to put an end to the vexatious acts of the escheators, in those cases.
By the laws of Georgia, as they exist, aliens cannot inherit real estate; the estate is cast by descent on the heritable blood. The real estate of John H. M'Learn then descended to the appellees ; and the real and personal estate should go together. As they take the real, so they ought to take both.
If this is the law of Georgia, then the appellees, M'Lellan and wife, take all the property of James H. M'Learn, both real and per-sonal: and as the proceeds of the real estate have been absorbed in paying a debt due by, and which ought to have been paid out of the personal estate, the balance in the hands of the administrator should be paid to the'appellees. ' The circuit court has decided that the balance of the personal estate, after paying the debt for'which the real estate was sold, is to go to the nearest of kin. This is not according to the law of Georgia.
In 1795, aliens were, by the laws of Georgia, allowed to hold real estate by devise; but this act was repealed in the. following year. Walker's Dig. 600. Thus the legislature, by positive enactment, declared their determination that none but citizens of the United States should hold a fee simple estate in lands.
As to the position of the appellant's counsel, that real estate is chargeable equally with personal estate, by the law of Georgia; this is denied.. It is admitted that the whole estate of one deceased is liable for his debts ; but the primary fund is the personal property.
Attempts have been made in that state to make them equally liable, but they have not succeeded so as to make them inseparable. The heir-at-law takes the real estate, and the executor takes the personal p~operty and-after the debts are paid, it goes, if they are not aliens, to the personal representatives. The executors must pay the debts out of the personal assets; and if any construction of the law prevails so as to apply the,real estate in equal responsibility with the personal, it is in opposition to the plain meaning of the law.
What is the fixed and settled general law of the state of Georgia cannot be readily ascertained. It is difficult to obtain reports.of the decisions of the courts, and there has been hitherto no court of errors or appeals, having a general and final jurisdiction over cases which

JANI ARY TERM 1836.
[M'Learn v. M'Lellan.]
have-been decided in the courts of the state. What rights over, and what interests in the real estate of a testator, do executors acquire under.the laws of Georgia.? Prince's Digest 178.
The law authorizes executors to make titles to lands which the testator, in his lifetime, contracted to sell and convey. If the executors took the lands, they could sell and convey without such a provision, in the same manner as they may sell personal property. The law, however, imposes peculiar solemnities; which must, in cages of sales of lands, be observed by executors. It is therefore apparent that lands are-not assets in the hands of an executor. By the law of 1810 it must be admitted, that real property cannot, in case of intestacy, go to an alien.. Prince's Digest 156. Can the proceeds. of real estate, sold after the decease of the intestate, go to such alien? The law is clearly established, that such proceeds have all the characteristics of the realty, and are governed by the same rules, and subject to the same rights, as the real estate was.
What has an executor to do in Georgia ? The law provides only for his care and distribution of the personal estate, and is silent as to the realty. Prince's Dig. 171.
In all the states of the *union, personal property is first made applicable to the payment of debts due by a deceased person.
In 2 M'Cord's Chancery cases, it was held, that the English rule prevailed in South Carolina. As between creditors, this was of no, moment when they sought to enforce the payment of the debts due to them; but as. to all others, the law is different.
The heir is entitled to the profits of the real estate immediately after the death of the person last seised ; and the executor takes the personal property. This shows the difference between the rights of persons interested, and the clear distinction between them. The heir holds.the land until it is sold; and even in the case of a will giving executors power to sell land, no title to it is given; and the heirs continue in possession until the sale.
Mr Justice Wayne stated, that in Georgia executors never sell land for. payment of.debts, but by order of court. The same law prevails in Georgia as in other states.
The common law of England is in force in Georgia except when altered-by statute ; and it certainly cannot be claimed, that at the common law such a right as that which is asserted by the appellants
would prevail,

SUPREME COURT.
[M'Learn v. M'Lellan.] As to the second point presented by the counsel for the appellants, it is contended that no proceedings by the creditor of the intestate can impair or affect the rights of the heir. The creditors cannot decide who shall suffer .by his actions, the heir or the next of kin. He has a right to his debt; but the rights of others, after his debt is paid, a'e left where he found them. By what rule will the court decide that the creditor may despoil the rights of the heir. It is important that the court shall look at the facts of this case, in considering the questions arising on this point. The estate of James H. M'Learn was riot, at the time of his death, liable for the debts of his father. He had extinguished the debt due as the purchase money of the estate, by substituting for it his own bond and mortgage. Thus the lien on the land when it descqnded to him was dissolved-was at an end. It was not then to enforce the principle of law that land continues liable to the lien of unpaid purchase money, that the land was sold by the mortgagee. This court has decided that the equity of the vendor for purchase money, exists only when he has taken no additional security for his debt. So too it is waived by changing the security, and this is considered as waiving the equitable lien. Brown v. Gilman, 4 Wheat. 55, 4 Cond. Rep. 445; same point, I Mason 191. This was done by the creditors of Archibald M'Learn. They took the bond and mortgage of James H. M'Learn; and they ceased to have an equitable lien on the land for any balance of thepurchase money. The court will then sustain the decree of the circuit court, as to the proceeds of the real estate remaining in the hands of the administrator. It is also asked that they will refuse to the appellants the the portion of the proceeds of the personal estate which that court gave to them.
Mr Justice M'LEAN delivered the opinion of the Court. This case is brought before this court, by an appeal .from the decree of the circuit court of Georgia. From the evidence in the case, it appears that Archibald M'Learn purchased a tract of land in the state of Georgia, on which he established a rice plantation, paid a part of the purchase money, and suffered a judgment to be obtained against him for the. balance: that he afterwards died, leaving James H. M'Learn, his only son and devisee: that the property of the deceased consisted chiefly, of the

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[M'Learn v. M'Lellan.]
rice plantation, and the slaves .bywhich it was cultivated; and. that under the laws of Georgia, personal as well as real property is bound by a judgment. . That the devisee, to obtain possession of the property, gave his own bond, secured by a mortgage on the land and slaves, for the balance of the judgment: he afterwards died, leaving a part of this debt unsatisfied ; and that afterwards the mortgage was foreclosed and paid by a sale of the land.
The complainants are aliens,. and being nearest of kin to the deceased, claim as heirs, under the law of Georgia, the personal property; and also the proceeds of the real estate, after the mortgage
shall have been paid. The defenddnts, M'Lellan and wife, who are more remotely con-
nected with the deceased, being citizens, claim the real estate as heirs, and contend that the debts should have been paid by a sale of the personal property; and that, as the real estate has been sold for this purpose, they insist that the proceeds of this sale should be paid
to them out of the personal property. It appears that after the sale of the land, on application of James
Wallace, the administrator, the personal property was- sold; and the moneys'arising from this sale, as also a surplus, after paying the mortgage, from the sale of the real estate, remain in his hands; and which he is ready to pay over, as the court shall direct. The relationship of the respective' parties to the deceased, as set forth in their pleadings, is not disputed.
On the part of the complainants it is contended, that being next of kin to the deceased, under the laws of Georgia they inherit the personal property and are entitled to the proceodg on the sale of the lands. That the personal property goes to them, notwithstanding their alienage is not controverted by the defendhnts ; but they insist that the complainants are not entitled to the proceeds of the real
estate.
By an act of the legislature of Georgia, entitled an act to explain and amend the escheat laws, passed the 15th December 1810, it is provided, "that in all cases where a citizen of this state or of the United States, shall die, or may have-died, possessed of or entitled to any real estate, and shall leave no heir who can inherit the same, because of him or her being alien ; that in such case the said real estate shall not be held or considered subject to escheat, but the executor or administrator of such deceased citizen shall and may proceed, in the manner pointed out by law, to make sale of such real

SUPREME COURT.
[M'Learn v. M'Lellan.]
estate, and pay over the proceeds of such sale to the devisee or devisees named in the will of such deceased citizen," &c.
The preamble of this act refers only to the estates of citizens of Georgia who bequeath their property to persons residing in foreign parts; but the first section seems to refer as well to cases of intestacy, as where wills have been made.
The complainants contend, that the words in this statute, "shall leave no heir who can inherit," should be construed to mean, shall leave no heir next of kin, or devisee', who can inherit, by reason of alienage; that then the real property shall be sold and the proceeds paid over as by the act is required. And that this construction will give effect to the intention of the legislature; which was, to remove the disability of alienage frioth the next of kin or devisee of a deceased citizen.
It does not appear that a construction of thisstatute has been given by the supreme court of Georgia; and'we think the construetion contended for is not authorized by the words of the statute. Where a citizen shall die leaving no heir, must mean not the next of kin, but an heir that may inherit the real.estate under the laws of Georgia.
In the present case, the wife of M'Lellan,. though remotely connected with the deceased, is within that degree of consanguinity which may claim the inheritance under the law of descents; and of course the land in question descended to her, and conseqwntly it cannot be sold under the law of escheats, for the benefit of the foreign heir.
This construction is not shaken by the act of the 23d December 1789, which provides that, "should any case arise which is not expressly provided for by this act, respecting intestates' estates, the same shall be referred to and determiped by the common law of this land, as it hath stood since the first settlement of tbis.state; except only, that real and personal estate shall always be considered in respect. to such distribution, as being precisely on the same footing."
The case under consideration is not unprovided for by the laws of the state ; as the personal property goes to the next of kin, though they are foreigners, and the land descends to the domestic heir.
In the able printed argument of the complainants' counsel, it is contended that the real estate, equally with the personal, constitutes assets in the hands of the executor or administrator; and a great number of statutes are referred to, in order to. sustain this position.

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[M'Learn v. M'Lellan.]
The administrator, it is said, may sell the land, and convey it under the sanction of the court; and that in many cases it is sold for the payment of debts, in preference to a disposition of the 'personal property. And it is stated, that in Georgia there.is no marshalling of assets, as in some other states. That the creditor may, in satisfaction of his demand, diiect the personal or real estate to be sold at his option ; and that the same option may be exercised by the defendant
in execution. It is unnecessary to refer to the various statutes of the state, which
have been noticed by the counsel for the com plainants. They are similar to the statutes of other states, which make the real estate of deceased persons subject to sale for the payment of debts ; and, under the sanction of the court, on the application of the administrators, authorize the sale of such estate. 'But this does not show that, in the ordinary course of administration, the personal property is not the primary fuhd for the payment of debts. Indeed, from the oath of the executor or administrator, and his prescribed duty, as well as various provisions in regard to the sale of land for the payment of debts, it would seem, that the personal property, in the state of Georgia; as in, perhaps, every other state of the union ; should be exhausted, except under peculiar circumstances, before the land can be sold.
The general management of the real estate, it seems, in Georgia, during the minority of the heirs, devolves upon the executor or administrator: and from the representations of certain gentlemen in the state, who have held high judicial stations, it appear.s, that the executor or administrator does exercise a very great, if not unlimited control over the management of the real estate of the deceased. It is insisted that the real estate descends to the administrator as assets, and that he may bring an action of jectment in his own name, to recover the possession of it.
As there are no'regular reports of judicial decisions in Georgia, we can derive but little aid from the adjudication of its courts on questions which arise under the local law. But in the view which we have taken of this case, it is of no importance to ascertain the respective liahilities of the personal and real estate of deceased persons, for the payment of debts; nor, indeed, what may be the duties of an executor or an administrator in the settlement of an estate. These would be important in a controversy between the representatives of the estate and its creditors., The case under consideration

SUPREME COURT.
[M'Learn v. M'Lellan.]
does not arise from the claim of creditors, but it involves the rights of distributees. And these rights are not affected by the ordinary course of administration, but depend upon the peculiar facts of the case.
Had the debt for the payment of which-the land was sold,-been an ordinary debt existing against the estate, and the payment of which was expected to be made by the common course of administration, there could be little or no difficulty in deciding that it should have been paid out of the personal assets ; andas it had not been so paid, to direct, as prayed for by M'Lellan and wife, that the payment from the real estate should be reimbursed by a sale of the personal.
At the decease of James H. M'Learn, his estate, both real and personal, was incumbered by a mortgage, for the. payment of which the land was sold. And this mortgage was given in discharge of a judgment which was obtained against his father,.Archibald M'Learn, in his lifetime, and which bound the real and-personal property covered by the mortgage. A considerable part of this debt was incurred, it seems, by the purchase of this plantation. But the argument that the vendor and his assignee have an equitable lien on the land for the -purchase money, seems not to be well founded.
That this equitable lien'exists equally in the hands of the vendor or his assignee, is a well settled principle ; but the lien was discharged by the mortgage, which added a large amount of personal property to the real estate to secure the payment of the purchase money.
To learn the nature of the incumbranc, on the estate, we must look to the mortgage and the judgment, both of which created a lien upon the whole property ; and also to the debt of the vendor, for which thejudgmen. was obtained., The lien under the mortgage was more favourable to the estate than the lien under the judgment for which it was substituted; as it gave time to the devisee, and placed the estate in his possession and under his control.
With this incumbrance, created in the manner and under the cir-
cumstances stated, did this estate, both real and personal, on the decease of James H. M'Learn, descend to his heirs. The personal estate goes to the foreign heirs, and the real estate to the domestic; and this gives rise to any difficulty which exists in determining this
controversy. If the whole estate descended either to the foreign or domestic

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[M'Learn 'v.M'Lellan.]
heirs, it would be an ordinary case of distribution; and it could be a matter of little importance whether the mortgage were paid by a sale of the real or personal property. But under the circumstances of the case, it becomes o matter of great importance to the respective claimants, out of which fund this mortgage debt shall be paid. The payment of ito,ut of the real or personal property, will leave but a small balance to the heirs of that fdnd.
The principles of this case are not changed by the sale of the property. The funds realized from the sale, in equity partake of the same character, and are subject to'the same rule as the property which they represent. * It is, therefore, a matter of no importance whether the debt has been paid obut of the personal -or real fund; or indeed, whether it has been paid at all. The court must consider the case as thou!-h the real estate were still vested in the South Carolina heirs, and the personal property in the heirs who live in Scotland. 'Inthe final decree; it will be necessary to act upon the funds as they now exist in the hands of the administrator.
The important question must nov be considered, how this mortgage debt shall be discharged. Shall it be paid out of the real estate, or out of the personal, or out of.both?
That the land should not be wholly exempt from this incumbrance, is clear by every rule of equity which applies to cases of this description. In addition to the consideration that the mortgage binds the land, the fact that a considerable part of the debt was incurred for its purchase, cannot be wholly disregarded. Nor would it comportwith the principles of equity to make the whole-debt a charge upon the land, to the: exemption of the personal property ; as the lien of the mortgage covers the personal as well as the real property, and as at least a part of the debt was contracted on other accpunts than. the purchase of the land.
The righis of the foreign heirs, under the laws of.Georgia, are to be regarded equally as those of the domestic heirs. Each have interests in 'the property of the deceased, which are alike entitled to the 'consideration and protection of a court of chancery.
Suppose James H. M'Learn had died leaving a will, by which he devised different tracts of lard to different persons capable of taking by devise, and the entire real estate was incumbered by a mortgage, or other lien, which, after the will took effect, had been paid by sale of one of the tracts of land. Could a court of chancery hesitate, in such a case, to require a contribution from the devisees, not affected
VOL. x.-4 F

SUPREME COURT.
[M'Learn v. M Lellan.]
by the sale, so as to make the lien a charge upon all the-land ? The plainest dictates of justice would require this, whether regard be had to the rights of the devisees, or to the intention of the testator. And is not ihe case put, analogous to the one under consideration ?
By the nct of the elder M'Learn, his property, both real and personal, was inctimbered..
The heirs, both foreign and domestic, of the younger M'Learn, who lake this property, take it charged vth the continued incumbrance. That James M'Learn had a right, and was bound to continue this charge upon his property, no one will dispute. He might have left the debt, with the conseit of the creditor, if there had been no ptior lien, to be discharged out of his estate, as the law authorized ; and in such case it would have been' payable out of the personal estate. Or he might have mad6 the debt a specific charge on his personal property, or on his real; but he did nei'ther. He charged its payment, in pursuance of the judgment lien, on his property both
personal and real. This lien, as between the distributees, fixes the rule by which.
their rights must be decided. The domestic heirs cannot claim to receive the land free from the lien of the mortgage, nor can the foreign heirs claim the personal property exempt from it. In equity it would seem that each description of heirs should contribute to the payment of the mortgage debt, in proportion to the fund received. This rule, while it would do justice to the parties, would give effect to the intention of the ancestor. That intention is clearly shown by the lien created on the property, and by the rules of equity, such intention must be regarded.
The decision of this case must rest upon familiar and well established principles in equity; and these principles wil! be shown by a reference to adjudicated cases. In the case of Pollexfen v. Moore, 3 Atk. 272; it appears, Moore, in his lifetime, agreed to purchase an -estate from the plaintiff for 1200 pounds, but died before he had paid the whole purchase money. Moore, by will, after giving a legacy of 800 pounds to the defendant his sister, devises the estate purchased and all his personal estate to John Kemp, and makes him his executor. The executor commits a devastavit bn the personal estate and dies, and the estate descends upon his son and heir at law. Pollexfen brought his bill against the representative of the real and personal estate of Moore and Kemp, to be paid the remainder of the purchase money. Mrs Moore, the sister and legatee of Thomas Moore, brings her

JANUARY TERM. 1836.

643

[M'Learn v. M'Lellan.]
cross bill, and prays, if the remainder of the purchase money.should. be paid to Pollexfen out of the personal estate of Moore and Kemp, that she nay stand in his place, and be considered as having a lien upon the purchased estate for her legacy of 800 pounds. And the lord chancellor sail, "that theestate which has descended from John Kemp, the executor of Moore, upon Bayle Kemp, comes to him liable t.6 the same. eqniil.y as it would have been against the faiher who has misa plied the personal. bslate: and in .order to relieve Mrs Moore,, I will direct Pnl!cxfen to take his satisfaction upon the purchased esiate, because he ha.4 an equitable lien both upon the real and personal .estate, and will leave this last fui'id open, that Mrs Moore, who can at most be considered only as a siI-ple contract creditor, may have a chance of being paid out of the personal assets."
This case shows, that in England the rule which requires the personal property to be first applied in the payment of debts, is deviated from where the justice:of the case and the rights of parties
interested, require it. Had the debt due to Pollexfen been directed-to be paid out of the
personal property, it would have left no part of that fund to pay the. legacy of Mrs Moore; and for this reason the debt was decreed to be paid out of the land. Now if the mortgage debt, in ihe present case, shall be directed to be paid out of the personal fund, it would defeat the foreign heirs, whose claim to this property under the law of
Georgia, cannot be less strong than a bequest. In 3 Johns. Ch. Rep. 252, it is laid down, as between the repre-
sentatives of the real and personal estate, that the land is he primary fund to pay off a mortgage. And in 2 Bro. 57, lord Kenyon, as master of the rolls, laid down the same rule: that where an estate descends, or comes to one subject to a mortgage ; although the mortgage be afterwards assigned, and the party enter into a covenant to pay the money borrowed; yet that shall not bind his personal
estate. There is no doctrine better established than that the purchase of
land, subject to a mortgage debt, does not make the debt :personal; and on the question being raised, .such debt has been uniformly charged on the land. And this principle is not changed where additional security has been given.
In the case of Evelyn v. Evelyn, 2 P. Wins 659; where A mortgaged the land for 1500 pounds ; and his son B edvenanted with the assignee of the mortgage to pay the money. He succeeded to

644

4SUPREME COURT.

[M'Learn v. M'Lellan.]
the premises after the death of. his father, and died intestate.- The question was, whether his personal estate, under the covenant, should be applied in payment of tile mortgage ; and. it was decided that the land should be charged, and the covenant was only considered as additional security.
In the case of Waring v. Ward, 7 Ves. 334, Lord Eldon says: "the principle upon which the personal estate is fist liable in general cases is, that the contract primarily is a personal contract ; the personal estate receiving the benefit: and, being primarily a personal contract, the land is bound only in aid of the personal obligation to fulfil that personal contract." It has long been settled, -therefore, that upon a loan of money, the party meaning to mortgage, in aid of the bond, covenant or simple contract debt, if there is neither bond nor covenant; his personal estate, if he dies, must pay the debt for the benefit of the heir. But suppose a second descent cast nnd the question arises, the personal estate of the son, and his real estate, descended to the grandson : then the personal estate of ihe:9n shall not. pay it, as it never was the personal contract of the son.
And this is the well established rule on this subject. If the'contract be personal, although a.mortgage be given, the mortgage is considered in aid of the personal contract ; and, on the decease of the mortgagor, his petsonal estate will' be considered the primary tund, because the contract -waspersonal : but if the estate descend tq the grandson of the mortgagor, then the charge would be upon tile land, as the debt was not the personal debt of the immediate ancestor.
And so, if the contract was in regard to the realty, the debt is a charge on the land. It is in this way. that a court of chancery, by looking at the origin of the debt, is enabled to fix the rule between distributees.
In the case under consideration, the mortgage was given by James H. M'Learn, but-it was not given to secure a debt created by iim. The mortgage merely changed the security, but did not affect the extent of the judgment lien.. And this judgment was obtained, chiefly, for the purchase money of the estate. In effect, the debt for which the judgment was obtained against Archibald M'Learn, and for which the mortgage was. given, constituted an equitable lien on the land ; and had the mortgage covered only the land, it must have been considered the primary fund. The debt for which the mortgage was given was not the personal contract of James H. M'Learn, but the contract of his ancestor in the purchase of the estate.. But

JANUARY TERM 1836.
(M'Learn v. M'Lellan.]
if the contract was personal, and might have been a charge on the personal estate devised to James H. M'Learn, yet th character of the debt, in this respect, is changed in the hands of tile present heirs. In tile language of Lord Eidon, this debt cannot be a charge-on the personalty, because it was not created by the personal contract of James H. M'Learn.
This, under the authorities cited, would be the rule for the payment of the mortgage debt, if James H. M'Learn had not executed a mortgage on the personal as well as the real property, which, as devisee, he received from his father.
This mortgage on the personal property cannot be considered in the light of additional surety to the lien which beford existed. If it could be considered in this light, the land would still be the primary fund, and the personal mortgage as surety or auxiliary to the land. But this mortgage can in no. 'espect be considered as additional surety. It might have been so considered in reference to the equitable lien of the vendor for the purchase money, as.such lien was limited to the land ; but the lien of the judgment obtained against the ancestor of James H. M'Learn, and for which the mortgage was substituted, extended, as before remarked, to the personal as well as real estate of tle defendant.
The debt then for which the mortgage was given did not arise from the personal contract of James H. M'Learn, but by the contract of his ancestor; and the mortgage was given in.discharge of the judgment. This created no new lien upon th6 personal property. it. came to James 11. M'Learn under the will of his father, subject to the lien of the judgment. The mortgage then did not and was not intended to create any new charge upon the personalty ; but to continue, in a different form, that which already existed.
In this view the charge on the personal estate can no more be disregarded than the charge upon the real ; and in this respect this case differs from the cases referred to. The charge on both funds, under the mortgage, may be compaiea to a will devising the funds to the respective heirs now before the court, as the statute provides; and leaving the debt as a charge upon his real and personal property. Can any doubt that such a bequest would be considered .by a court of chancery as a charge ipon both funds? Now, although Jaimes H. M'Learn has made no will, as in the supposed case, yet he gave a mortgage to continue the charge on the personal property which existed under the judgment; and the law of Georgia fixes the rule

SUPREME COURT.
[M'Learn v. M'Lellan.]
of descent. This act of the ancestor, connected with the Georgia law of descent, gives.as decided and clear a direction to the property, both real and personal under the mortgage, as if in his last will James H. M'Learn had so devised it. Both. funds being charged with the mortgage debt must be applied to its payment, in proportion to their respective amounts. And as the property, both real and: personal, has been converted into money, the proportionate part of each can be applied to this payment without difficulty.
And any debts of the estate not covered by the mortgage must be paid out of the personal fund.
As the decree of the circuit court was not made in conformity to this view of the case, that decree must be reversed ; and the cause remanded to' that court, with instruction to enter a decree in conformity to this opinion.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Georgia, and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, it is the :opinion of ihis court, that the mortgage debt should be paid out of the real and personal property embraced by the mortgage pro rata: whereupon, it is ordered, adjudged and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said cdrcuit coart in this cause be, and -the same is hereby reversed ; and that this cause bei and the same is hereby remanded tO the said circuit cout for further proceedings.

JANUARY TERM 1836.

343

THE UNITED STATES, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR V. PHINEAS BRADLE1,'
SURVIVING ADMINISTRATOR OF DAVID OTT DECEASED.
An action was instituted on a joint and several bond given by H. 0. and V. to the United States of iorth America; which, after reciting that H. had been appointed paymaster of the rifle regiment of the army 6f the United States; conditioned that if H. shall "well and truly execute, and faithfully disclarge, according to law, and to. instructions received by him from proper authority, his duties as paymaster aforesaid ; and he, his heirs, executors or administrators shall regularly account when thereto required, for all moneys received by him from time to time as paymaster aforesaid, with such person or persons as shall be duly authorized 'and qualified on the part of the United States for that purpose; and moreover pay into their treasury such balance as, on a final settlement of the said John Hall's accounts, shall be found justly due from him to the said United States, then the obligation should be null and void, and of no effect, otherwise to be and remain in full force and vilue."
The.act of congress of the 24th of April 1816 provides, "that all officers of the pay, commissary and quartermaster's department shall, previous to entering on the duties of their respective offices, give good and sufficient bonds to the United States fully to account for all moneys and public property which they may receive, in in such sunis as the secretary of war shall direct." H. became la~gely indebted to the United States for money advanced to him as paymaster, and suit was brought against the administrators of 0. one of his sureties. The bond not having been in its very terms in confbrmity with the provisions of the law, the sureties claimed that they were not bound by it, because of this variance; and because the United States had no right to take any other bond but that prescribed by the statute.
By the Court. So far as the condition of the bond required the paymaster to account for moneys received by him, it substantially follows the provisions of the law ; and if the bond be not clearly void, from its not being in all respects in conformity with the law, the United States are entitled to recover.
This case differs from the case of the United States v. Tingey, 5 Peters 115, as there was in that case an averment, not denied, that the bond was obtained from the obligors by extortion and oppression, under colour ofoffice. This must be taken to be a bond volufitarily given by the paymaster and his sureties, for a lawful purpose ; and for the faithful performance of the duties of paymaster.
No rule in pleading is better settled, or upon sounder principles, than that every plea, in discharge or avoidance of' a bond, should state positively and in direct terms, the matter in discharge.or avoidance. It is not to be inferred, arguendo, or upon conjectures.
In the case of the United States v. Tingey, 5 Peters 115, ft was held, that the United States being a body politic,.as an incident to their general right of sovereignty, have a capacity to enter into contracts,and tak bonds in cases within the sphere
of their constitutional powers, and appropriate to the just exercise of those powers; through the instrumentality of the proper department to which those powers are

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Bradley.]
confided, whenever such contracts or bonds are not prohibited by law; although the making of such contracts, or taking such bonds, may not have been prescribed by any pre-existing legislative act. From the doctrine here stated, the court have not the slightest inclination to depart: on the contrary, from further reflction, they are satisfied that it is founded upon the soundest principles of law, and the just'interpretation of the constitution. That bonds and other deeds may, in many cases, be good in part, and void for the residue, where the residue is founded in illegality, but not malum in so; is a doctrine well founded in the common law, and has been recognized from a very early period. The doctrine has been maintained, and is settled law, at the present day; in all eases, wli de different covenants or conditions are severable, and independent of each other, and do not import malum in se. There is no solid distinction in cases like the one before the court, between bonds and other deeds containing conditions, covenants or grants, not malum in se, but illegal at the common law; and those containing conditions, covenants or.grants illegal by the express prohibitions of statutes. In each case the bonds or other deeds are void, as to such conditions, covenants or grants, which are illegal; and are good as to all others which are legal and unexceptionable in their purport. The :only exception is,, when the statute has not confined its prohibitious 1o the illegal conditions, covenants or grants; but has expressly, or by iecessary 'mplicatioii, avoided the whole instrument to all intents and purposes. The act of congress of 1816 no where declared that all other bonds not taken in the prescribed form shall be utterly void; nor does such an implication arise from any of the terms contained in the act, or from any principles of public policy which it is designed to promote. A bond may, by mutual mistake or accident, and wholly without design, be taken in a form not iescribed by the act. It would be a very mischievous interpretation of the act to suppose, that under such circunistances it was the intendmcnt of the act that the bond shQuld be utterly void. Nothing but very strong and express language should induce a court of justice to adopt such an interpretation. Where the act speaks out, it would be our duty to follow it: where it is silent, it is a sufficient compliance with the policy of the act to declare the bond void ,as to any conditions which are imposed upon a party beyond what the law requires. This is not 0fty the dictate of the common law, but of common sense. The appointment of a paymaster is complete,' when made by the president and confirmed by the senate. The giving a bond for the faithful performanco of his duties is a mere ministerial act, for the security of the government; and not a condition precedent to his authority- to act as a paymaser The misdescription of.the corporate or politic name of the plaintiffs in:tie bond, by calling them "The United States of North Amerifa," instead of America, is cured by the averment 6f identity in the declaration.
TlEUnited States, in August 1825, instituted an :action of debt n the circuit court of the district, of Columbia,- in the county of Washington, against Phineas Bradley and Andrew Way, administrators.of David Ott ; upon a joint and several bond to the United Slates of North America, executed by John Hall, David Ott and Nicholas Vanzandt, ott the 26th day of May 1819., The condition of the bond was, "that whereas the above. bounden John Hall is ap-

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[United States v. Bradley.]
pointed paymaster of the rifle regiment, in the army of the United States aforesaid ; now, if the said John Hall shall well and truly execute, and faithfully. discharge, according to law, and to instructions received by him from proper authority, his duties gts paymastei aforesaid, and he, his heirs, executors or administrators, shall regularly account, when thereto required, forall moneys received by him
from time to time, as paymaster- aforesaid, with such person or persons as shall be duly authorized and qualified on the part of the United States for that purpose ; and moreover pay into their treasury, such balance as, on a final settlement of the said John Hall's accounts, shall be found justly due from him to the said United States, then this obligation shall be null, void and of no. effect : otherwise, to be and remain in full force and virtue."
To this declaratiomthe defendants pleaded six several pleas, and issues were joined on the second, fourth and sixth. The third plea alleged that the defendants ought not to be charged with the debt, by virtue of the supposed ,,riting obligatory, because John Hall was appointed paymaster long after the 24th -of Aoril 1816, and after the passing of the act of congress, entitled " an act for organizing the general staff, and making further provision for the army of the United States ;" and that this was the only law authorizing or requiring a bond. to be given by him to tie United States as paymaster, or otlherwise, or authorizing any person to take such a bond; and that 'he said John Hall, as such paymaster, did not, after being appointed,
paymaster, or at any titue give any bond whatsoever to account for all moneys and public propety which he might receive, irA such sums as the secretary of war should direct, or otherwise, in pursuance and execution of the said act of congress; and that the said John Hall had not, at any time after he.as appointed such paymaster as aforesaid, any right, .title or authority whatsoever, as.such paymaster, or in virtue of such his appointment, or otherwise howsoever, to receive any money or property of the United States, or any public money or public property whatsoever, to be accounted for in pursuance and execution of the said act of congress, or otherwise, to the said United States or to tne.guvernment, or any officer of the government of the said United States,or to any other person or persons whatsoever, in the name, or for or in behalf of the said United States; nor in any manner to enter on the duties of his said office or appointme.nrt of paymaster, or to do, perform or execute the duties, or any of the duties of the same.
. VOL. x.-2 T

SUPREME COURT.

[United States v. Bradley.]

To this plea the United States replied, that by an act of congress, entitled "an act for organizing the general staff, and making further

provision for the army of the United States," passed on the 24ih of

April 1816, it was, among other things, enacted, that all officers of the pay, commissary and quartermaster's department, should, previous

to their entering on the duties of their respective offices, give good

and sufficient bonds to the United States, fully to account for all

moneys and public property which they inight receive, in such sums

as the secretary of war might direct ; and that after the passage of

the said law, and while the same was in full force and effect, on the

26th of May 1818, the said John Hall was duly appointed paymaster

in the rifle regiment, in the army of the United States, and in con-

sequence of his appointment as paymaster aforesaid, and with the

intent of complying wvith the act of congress aforesaid, end by the

direction of the secretary of war of the United States, he, the said

John Hall, with David Ott, now deceased, and the said Nicholas B.

Vanzandt, did execute and deliver, in due form of law, the said wri-

ting obligatory in the said defendant's plea mentioned ; and the same

was then and there accepted by the said United States ; and the said

John Hall,-after the same was so accepted as aforesaid, and under

and by virtue of his appointment as aforesaid, did enter upon the performance of the duties of paymaster as aforesaid, and did from

time to time receive from the United States, as such paymaster as

aforesaid, sundry large sums of money, amounting altogether to more

than

dollars, to be accounted for by him as such paymaster as

aforesaid ; and the said United States say, that of the moneys so re-

ceived by him the said John Hall, of the United States as aforesaid,

the sum of

dollars was altogether unaccounted for by him, the

said John Hall ; and that upon a final settlement of the accounts of

him, the said John Hall, as paymaster aforesaid, by the proper offi-

cers of the government of the United States, there was found to be

Atue from the said John Hall to the United States on account of mo-

neys received by him of the United States as paymaster aforesaid,

the sum of

dollars, which said sum the said John Hall, in his

lifetime, and the said defendants since his death altogether failed to

pay to the said United States.

The delendants demurred to this replication, and, assigned for

causes of demurrer:

I. That the bond, with the conditions thereof, was not taken in

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[United States v. Bradley.] pursuance of the directions, nor under the authority of the act ; but was essentially different in its purport and effect from the same.
2. That in the replication, the plaintiffi have not averred nor shown any authority for taking the bond with the condition, nor for the delivery and acceptance of the same; but they have shown the same was not taken and delivered and accepted as such bond.
3. That the bond, as described and set forth in the declaration, varies froin the supposed writing obligatory, in this, that it purports to be an obligation to the United States, without ascertaining what United States ; and further, purports to be the simple obligation of the said David Ott to pay the United States the sum of twenty thousand dollars : whereas the supposed writing obligatory purports to be an obligation to some states, described as the United States of North America ; and further purports to be an official bond to the last named states, executed by one John Hall, the said David Ott, and one N. B. Vanzandt, the two last as sureties for said Hall's performance of certain official duties to the last named states, as set forth in said condition ; and further purports to be a bond which the government of the United States of America, or any officer or agent of said government, had no power or authority to take or accept in behalf of the last named United States.
4. That it does not appear in the replication that the bond had been delivered by the obligors, or any of them, or accepted or received by any person on behalf of the last named United States, by any lawful authority ; but the conrary appears.
5. That it does not appear from the replication that John Hall had, at any time after his said supposed appointment to the office of paymaster, any right, title or authority to enter on the duties of the said office, or to receive, in virtue of such appointment, any money or propertyof the said United States, or any public property or public money whatever; to be accounted for to the said United States, or to the government, or any officer or agent thereof, or otherwise to perform and execute the duties, or any of the duties of such olfice : nor that he had lawfully and officially received any such property or money, and failod to account for the same, or otherwise broken the said. condition ; but the contrary appears.
6. That the bond and condition are illegal and defective in form and substance, and altogether void and contrary to law.
The fifth plea set forth that the deferdants ought not to be charged, because John Hall was appointed a paymaster a long time

SUPREME COURT.

(United States v. Bradley.]

after the act of congress of the 24th of April 1816, entitled "an act

for organizing the general staff," &c., and that at the time of his

appointment that act was and yet is in force, and was and yet is the

sole and only law, rule and regulation, or authority, tinder which any

bonds to be gi,'en by John Hall to the United Stites is paymaster,

or in any manner, can be taken by the United States, or by any officer

of the same in tile name and behalf of the Utlited States; and was

and is.the only law, &c. by which his accountability as paymaster

for any money or property of tile United States by him received was

or is prescribed, regulated or governed; and that the said John Hall

did fully account for all moneys and public property by him as such

paymaster'as aforesaid, and after he was appointed such paymaster,

received in such sums as the secretary of war, in the said act of con-

gress mentioned, did, at. any time after the said .JohnJ-all was so

appointed as aforesaid, direct to be so received by the said John Hall

as aforesaid, according to the tenor and effect, true intent and mean-

ing of the said act .ofcongress.

To this plea the United States replied, that John Hall, after being

appointed paymaster of the rifle regiment in the army of the United

States, did, from time to time, receive as such paymaster large suns

of money, amounting to

dollars, to be accounted for by him ;

and of this amount the sum of

dollars was altogether unac-"

counted for by him: and that upon a finalsetttement of his accotmts

as paymaster, by the proper officers of the treasury, he was found

indebted dollars, which he and the defendants have failed to pay.

The defendants rejoined, stating that John Hall did not receive

the sums of money mentioned in the replication as paymaster in such

sums as the qecretary of war had, at any time at or before the receipt

of such sums, respectively directed ; according to the provisions, true

intent and meaning of the said act-of cog-ess, in-the three preceding

pleas, and in the replications thereto .mentioned, prescribing the

bonds to be given by the officers therein mentioned ; but the said

sums 'of money, amounting to 'the said sum of

dollars as

aforesaid, were received by t-he said John Hall after being appointed

guch paymaster as .aforesaid, without any direction or order of the

said secretary of war, directing the same or any of them to be so

received : and so the defendants say that the said David Ott in his

lifetime was not, nor, were or are the defendants, since his death,

liable, bound, or in any manner accountable to the said United

States, by the force and effect of tliesaid act of cong:ess and writing

JANUARY TERM 1836.
rUnited States v. Bradley.] obligatory, for the failure of the said John Hall to account and pay tothe said United States the said sums of money,-or the said sum of
dollars so found due from the said John Hall to the said United States, on account of the said iarge sums of money received by him, as in the. said replication' mentioned.
The United States demurred to this rejoinder. The circuit court decided that the pleas and the demurrers of the defendants were sufficient in law to bar the recovery of the United States ; and gave judgment -for the defendants. The United States prosecuted this writ of error.
The case was argued. by Mr Swann and Mr Butler, attorney-general, for the United States; and by Mr Key and Mr Jones, for the defendant.
The United States insisted on the following points: 1. The bond in question is substantially conformable to the requirements of the statute ; and having -beeii executed with the intent of complying therewith, is good as a statutory bond. 2. If it varies friom the statute in any material particular, it is yet good, because given voluntarily and for a lawful purpose.
Mr Swann, contended, the bond which had been executed by the defendant's intestate, was substantially a compliance with the provi, ion of the act of congress of April 24, 1816. If it went beybnd the precise directions of the law, it stipulated for. no more than was within the duties of the officer by whom it was given.
It was a voluntary bond, and was not coerced from the obligor. He was at liberty to accept or refuse the office; his sureties were at liberty to execute the bond or to refuse. Even if it is not a bond under the law, it is good and valid as a voluntary obligation.
The replication states that the bond was executed under the belief that it was a compliance with the law, and that as stich it was received by the United States. This was voluntary. It has been decided that the United States may take a volntary bon-d.
As to the objection that the Lond was taken to the United States of North America, there cannot be a valid exception on this ground.
We are the United States of North America. There are no other United States in North America. Cited I Peters's C. C. R. 46; a.

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Braley.]
Wash. C. C. R. 10; r Galison's Rep. 86; 5 Peters's Rep. 116, 388; 11 Wheat. 184.
Mr Jones, for the defendant, stated, that he would confine his argument to the act of congress of the 24th of April 1816, and to the powers claimed for the officers of the United States to take any bond they thought proper to ask.
It is conceded that when Hall was appointed, he was required to execute the bond ; and was never called upon to execute any other bond conformably to.the act ofcongress.
The bond taken, substantially varies from tne proper bond ; and if the securities shall be held liable on it, it will be a case where, notwithstanding the act of congress requires a particular obligation for the performance of certain duties, it is in the power of the officers of the treasury to demand another and a different bond. Cited the fifth section of the act of congress, vol. 5, L. U. S. 81.
The section referred to requires that the officer, before entering on his duties, shall give full and sufficient bond for the execution of those duties. There is nothing in the law which gives the option to any officer to take any other bond, or to exercise any powers not granted: and there is therefore a prohibition from so doing.
If a man is commanded to do an act, he is prohibited from doing any other. If it-is an imperative duty of an officer to do a particular act; shall he do an act in disobedience of thie law 1, Every principle which applies to the obligation of contracts forbids this.
Another remark-The secretary at war is commanded to take a particular bond, and the paymaster is commanded to give it before he enters on the duties of his office: and this is a condition precedent to his entering on those duties as an officer. Until he has performed the condition, the officer is in abeyance.
The only power to take a bond is that given by the act of congress, and no other power can be exercised than that delegated by the act; and they are limited by it. The officers of the United States act merely ministerially, and can only take the bond established by the law.
Look at the consequences of authorizing officers of the United States to take bonds at their discretion, in the form they may establish. They could require any form they considered proper, and insist on any terms -they might determine. If such bonds can be taken, where are the limitations imposed by law on their powers. If

JANUARY TERM 1836.

851

tUnited States v. Bradley.f this can be done, the officers may raise a revenue at their will, from those wh6 will surrender themselves to such powers.
The effects of such a principle would be fatal to-the. government, as it is inconsistent with its purposes and i~tsobjects-
Voluntary bonds are distinguisheid from.those which are coerced, by the circumstance that the first are given to secure some certain right, and they may be taken in the exercise of powers,' Which are to carry the laws into executioni, where no particular form is prescribed. In such circumstances bonds may be taken, provided the person who takes them is so authorized. But the officers of governm.ent are not general agents, with full powers as such agents. Their powers are prescribed: and in this case they are expressly. defined, and the bond was not given according to the requirements of the law.
It is an, absurdity to iequire a person to give a bond for property and money he was not authorized to receive. The office the government imposed by law, on the paymaster, was that he should account-for money which he received regularly, under officers authorized to pay it to him. Suppose, after he had given a bond in the regular form, other property than that which he had a right to receive as paymaster had been put into his hands, he would not have been accountable for it on his bond : no such liability, could exist. This was decided in United States v. Jones, Administrator, 8 Peters 399.
There is no difference between the cases. In the case cited, the contractor was not held liable for moneys paid to him on account of duties not performed within the district for which he was appointed. Yet the contractor voluntarily received the money from the treasury.
Is this bond within the requisition of the statute ? It is said the bond need not be in the words of the act of congress ; but that it is sufficient, if it is substiantially the same. If this means that the ob- ligation is not undefined, changed or, altered, and the legal effect of it is the same as the statute requires, and in full conformity with the law : this is admitted. But it is- denied that such are the.stipulations in this instrument. The obligations contained in it go beyond the directions of the-law, and call for'duties and acts not recognized by it. It imposes a different mode of executing the duties of paymaster. This is a violation of the law. They are of a different kind from those required of him by the statute. This will appear byan examination of the instrument, and a comparison of the pro-
visions of the act of congress with it.

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Bradley.]
This is the case of sureties, and the court will look strictly at the instrument ; and, will not sustain it if it is not legal. It is not a case in which a court of equity will reform the instrument, to operate on these who stand in this situation.
The question of great importance is, whether the officers of the government can impose upon those employed under them, obligations which are not known to tne law. The constitution forbids this: and it is of the highest interest that powers of this kind shall not be sanctioned. It is most important that the duties of an officer shall not be moulded by any but those who establish and regulate these duties,. bv statute .
The conanon law is not to be lookeu into for analogies to support such assumptions of power. The atuthority of those who hold publie trusts in the United States, dependr on the precise provisions of statutes. It is among the objects, and is entirely consistent with the principles of the common law in England, to sustain the authority of the government, and to supply it with all necessary powers for its support and action. But in the United States, these purposes and principles are supported by express enactments.
Mr Key, also fbr the defendant in error. The bond in this ease is taken under the stottute authorizing the appointment ot paymaster, and substantially varies from the bond required by the statute. It does not cover all .the responsibilities required bythe statuteaccounting for property is omitted. And it extends to other responsibilities not required by the statute. The bond enjoins that he shall well and truly discharge all, his duties as paymaster, the law only required him to give bond to account; and he has (as the law shows) many other duties. So also, as to his accounting with any persons duly appointed, and to his obeying instructions, &c: The'secretary'of war has required and taken thia as the officical bond of the paymaster. Ifthe bond conforms to the law, iehad authority ; but if not, and he had no authority. to take it-it is void. Two questions, therefore, arise. 1.Where a statute prescribes the bond to be taken by an officer, can he take any other? 2. If he does, is it void? In our government every officer must show a power for every official act. A power, either expressly given by the constitution or

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[United States v. Bradley.]
some law; or necessarily implied from a power so given. If the power is not thus given, it is retained ; or, in other words, prohibited.
If an officer does an .act prohibited, it is void. There is no difference between an act expressly prohibited, and an act not issuing, from powers given, where the officer is restricted to the, powers given. Where is the power given to take this bond!. Not in this law, nor in any other. Not in the constitutional power given to the president to execute the laws ; for here he violates or supersedes the law.
It was settled in Tingey's case, that where the law of congress prescribes no bond, the executive officer may, under the general power to see that the laws are executed, take a bond. Why? Because it is "within the sphere of its constitutional powers, and appropriate to the just exercise of those powers."" But is this so where the legislature prescribes the bond ? There it is not within its sphere; nor appropriate to supersede the statute, and take a different bond.
Little v. Barreme, 2 Cranch 177. It is also settled, in Tingey's case, that " no officer has a right to
require a bond different from that pwescribed by the statute." Why ? "Because," (say the court) "that would be not to. execute, but to .supersede the law." If the bond be void when requiredcontrary to the statute, is.it not as void when taken contrary to the statute ? The officer must have a right to take it. If he has a right to take it ; surely he has the right, and it is his duty to, require it. And would not taking it, supersede the law as effectually as requiringit ?
There is no power then in any law, or in the constitution either, to take or require this bond.
2. What is the effect of it? It is said to be good because given voluntarily; or, that it is good as far as it conforms to the statute, and only void for the residue. This doctrine is inferred from two dicta: one in 1 Peters's C. C. Rep. 46; the other in 1 Gallison 86. These cases, and the cases cited, apply only to cases where the objections went, to the nature of the stipulations, not to the capacity of the obligee to take, as here. Where the bond is taken between individuals, under no restraint as to power to make the contract, no matter how voluntary, there must still be an officer having pover to take voluntary bonds for the United States; which there is not. Nor is it good in part ; for not being authorized, and thereore (according to our constituiion) prohibited from. taking a bond with a requisition not in the statute, the bond containing such requisition is wholly
VoL.x- .u-

354

SUPREME COURT-..

[United States v. Bradley.]
void. And this is shown by the following cases: 3 Wash. C. C. Rep. 10; United States v. Hipkins, 2 Hall's. Law-Journal;- 5 Mass. 314; 3 Mass. 105; 7 Mass. 98; 5 Pick. 227; 3 Call 421 ; 2 Wash. 1189 ; 6 East 110 ; Carter 230; Cro. Eliz. 529, 737; 2 And. 56, 57,
108, 152; 2 Saund. 59, 60, in notes ; 19 Johns. Rep. 233. Again, it is said it was intended to conform to the statute. The
intent cannot make that legal, which is illegal. 2 Cranch 177; 2 Call 510; 9 Cranch 39; 3 Mass. 105; 5 Peters 350.
But at all events, Tingey's case shows, that if such 'abond is required it is void. And here the United States safih the replication, it was required ; or was directed by the secretary of war. It is there-
fore void.

Mr Butler,. attorney-general, in reply. Upon the constitutional question raised by thecounsel for the defendant, no dispensihg powers are claimed for the officers of the government; a'nd it is admitted that if-congres4 have really passed a law prescribing the exact form of a bond to be taken, the execu-. tive ought to conform to it : and that if an officer materially departs from that prescribed form, and compels a paymaster to -execute a
bond in a different form, the bond so executed Will be void. But the United States are not prepared to admpit that -this bond
will be void, though materially variant from the form prescribed by the statute, if executed voluntarily. by a paymaster, and taken in good faith by the executive. On the contrary itw.ill be attempted
to be shown,
1. That if the bond substantially conforms to the provisions of the
law, it is valid, aild may be enforced. 2. That although it is materially variant from those provisions,
if given voluntarily, -and for useful and proper purposes, it is yet
good.
3. That although one part of the condition'of a bond is illegal, it is void only pro tanto; and is good for all parts of the condition which
are conformable to law. 1st. It is contended'that the. bond in this case is substantially
conformable to the statute. The precise form of the condition of the bond is not given in
ihe statute, nor is this often done. The general tenor and the legal effect are given ; and any bond which will produce and secure

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[United States v. Bradley.]
the object of the law'; which will stipulate for the faithful performance of (he legal duties of the officer, in whatever form of words; will be a good and a valid bond under this statute.
Some facts are to be attended to which are in the record. It is admitted Hall had actually been appointed a paymaster in the army. This is in the pleadings; and thus there is an end to the allegation in the argument that he had not been paymaster. He must have been appointed according to the constitution and to' the law.
The next admission is, that the bond was executed with intent to comply with the statute.
The third fact is, that Hall, after he had executed the bond, entered on the performance of his duties. He became a paymaster as to all third persons, the United States and his sureties.
The fourth fact is, that Hall received the money from the United States; and that he has failed to account for the amount so received.
The fifth fact to be observed is, that the condition contains two clauses: one, the general stipulation for the faithful performance of the duties of paymaster; the other, special provisions to account for money, property, &c. The counsel for the defendant admit, that the same clause does not go beyond the requirement of this act in effect; though it goes into specifications of details, all of which are included in the words, regularly to account, &c.
It is contended, that the terms of the condition extend only to the faithful performance of the duties of a paymaster ; and do not include skill in their execution. The words of the bond are, to account "according to law." This is in effect a conformity to the statute. In truth, all the duties required of the officer come within the words " regularly account, well and truly, execute, and faithfully discharge."
The duties of a paymaster are included in the bond, and no more than these duties ; and to this extent the sureties are bound. The subjection of a paymaster to the rules and articles of war, are liabilities for which the sureties are not answerable ; they are responsible for his duties only.
Thus the bond is substantially a compliance with the provisions of the law : but it is contended that if it exceeds those provisions, and requires that duties shall be performed which should be executed, as it was given voluntarily, it is valid, and binds the sureties. . The decision of this court, relied upon in the case of the United States v. Tingey, does not deny, but on the contrary it sustains the

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Bradley.]
principle which the United States assert in support'of the claim in this case. In. that case, the pleadings admitted the bond was "extorted ;" but here there is no such admissions; on the contrary, the bond of Hall, and his sureties, was voluntarily given ; with a view to comply with the act of congress.
2d. The bond was executed for a lawful purpose. If congress had required such a bond, it would have been entirely proper antd consistent with the duties of the officer.
3d. It is said there is no obligee competent to take the bond ; and that the constitution and the* law do not allow its being taken; nor are powers to take voluntary bonds given: that the executive had authority to take a proper bond, but none to take any other. All this is denied by the United States.
To assert these positions is to say, that a bond for acts which are proper is void; and yet what are the dangers to arise from such a bond? No arguments against the instrument, on the ground of dangers, when none can arise, are available. Nothing was required which was not proper, which was not lawful; and which the officers of the government ought to have a full right to insist upon. Does the direction to take a particular bond imply a prohibition to take another bond not inconsistent with the prescribed bond? This- is contended for by the counsel for the defendant in error. . The United States have established a war department; and the secretary of war has full authority to carry into execution all the purposes of the government, the supervision of which is .within that division of the administration of public affairs. No prohibition exists in reference to the action of the officer in charge of that department ; if the same is considered proper for the accomplishment of legitimate objects.
Is it true that if the secretary of war omits, for any reason, to take security from a public officer, in. the precise form which a statute prescribes, that the United States shall'lose the benefit of that security, if given voluntarily, and for a lawful and proper purpose: &.purpose that really effectuates the law; and the only objection to which is, that it is more beneficial tQ the United States than the one prescribed? If this be the law, the United States is punished for the fault and mistake of their officer.
The cases cited by the counsel for the defendant do not support ihe principles claimed for them
The third question for thedetermination of the court is,whether

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[United States v. Bradley.]
if the condition of the bond is in part itlegal and void ; which is denied ; is the Whole void '
The answer must be in the negative. There is no act of congress prohibiting such a bond, nor is there an act declaring bonds not conforming to this statute void. The rule of law is, that in all cases in which the condition of a bond can be severed, it is good for that part which is legal, and only void for that part which is illegal. This rule always applies, except where a statute declares the whole instrument void. 2 Marshall's Com. Law Rep. 61; 12 Wheat. 149.
The cases cited on the ofher side do not impugn these principles. Sheriffs' bonds, taken in a form diflerent from that which the statute authorized, are expressly avoided by 23 Hen. 6, ch. 10. So are appeal bonds, in wrong penalties; and which are not devisable.
Mr Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the Court. This is a writ of error to the circuit court of the District of Columbia, for the county of Washington. The original suit was debt, on a bond givdn to the United States by John Hall, Daniel Ot and Nicholas B. Vanzant oti the 26th? of May 1818, the condition of which, after reciting that Hall was appointed paymaster of the rifle regiment in the army of the United States, was as follows "now, if the said John Hall shaill well and truly execute, and faithfully discharge according to law, and to instructions received by him from proper authority, his duties as paymaster aforesaid ; and lie, his heirs, executors or administrators shall regularly account, when thereto required, for all moneys received by him from time to time as paymaster aforesaid, with such person or persons as shall be duly authorized and qualified on the part of the United States for that purpose, and moreover pay ino their treasury such balance as on a final settlement of tile said John Hall's accounts shall be fotiund justly due friom him to the said United States then this obligation shall be nuf and void, and of no effect, otherwise to be and remain in full force and virtue." In the court below, the defendant pleaded six several pleas, and issues were joined on the first, second, fourth and six pleas. To the third and fifth pleas the United States replied. The defendant demurred to the replication to the third plea, and rejoined to the replication to the fifth plea ; to which the United States demurred.

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Bradley.]
Upon these demurrers the court below gave judgment in favour of the defendant.
Upon these pleadings two questions have been made and argued at the bar. 1st. Whether the bond is in conformity to the requirements of the act of the 24th of April 1816, ch. 69, for organizing the general staff, and making further provision for the army of the United States. 2d. If not, whether the bond is wholly void; or void only so far as it is not in conformity to that act.
The act (section 6) provides "that all officers of the pay, commissary and quarter-master's department, shall, previous to entering on the duties of their respective offices, give good and sufficient bonds to the United States fully to account ftor all moneys and public property which they rny receive, in such sums as the secretary of War .shall direct." It is plain that the condition of the bond is not, in.its .very terms, in conformity with this provision. But the argument on the part of the United States is, that though in terms it varies from the act; yet, inasmuch as all the duties, required of the paymaster by law begin and terminate in matters of account; that in substance the condition includes no more than what the prescribed terms of the act contemplate.
In our view of the case it is wholly unnecessary to decide this question ; because the only breach alleged is the non-accounting for, and non-payment of moneys due to the United States by Hall; upon a final'sett'fement of his accounts. So far as the condition of the bond requires Hall to account for moneys received by him, it substantially follows the provisions of the act of 1816 : and if the bond be not wholly void, it 'is clear that the United States are entitled to recover upon the present pleadings in whatever way the first question may he decided.
The second question, therefore, is that to which the attention of the court will be addressed. - Upon the face 6f the pleadings this .must be taken to be a bond voluntarily given by Halli and his sureties. There is no averment that it was obtained from them by extortion or oppression under colour of office, as there was in the United States v. Tingey, 5 Peters 115. On the contrary, both the third and fifth pleas are wholly barren of any averments on the subject of the giving of the present bond. All they assert in substance is, that Hall never gave any such bond as ds required by the act of 1816 ; and-that the act of 1816 was the only law regulating the bonds of paymasters; with some collateral averments not material to be

JANUARY-TERM 1836.
[Unitdd States V. Bradley.]
here mentioned. Now no rule of pleadings is better settled, or upon sounder principles, than that every plea in discharge or avoidance of a bond, should state positively and in direct terms the inftei's of discharge or avoidance. It is not to be inferred, arguendo; or upon conjectures. Indeed, both these pleas are open to the objection of being merely argumentative; and are wholly destitute in the technical precision necessary for pleas in avoidance or discharge. The replication of (he United States to the third plea does, however, exclude, so far as that plea is concerned, any inference of extortion or oppression, colore officii ; for it avers that the bond was given with the intent of complying with the act of congress, and by the direction of the secretary of war. ,
It may be added, that the bond is not only voluntary, but for a lawful purpose; viz. to insure a due and faithful performance of the duties of paymaster, a circumstance which must repel any supposiof an oppressive or unjust design.
But passing from these considerations, the question which first arises is, whether a voluntary bond taken by the United States, for a lawful purpose, but not prescribed by any law, is utterly void. This question was elaborately argued in the case of the Unite4 States v. Tingey, 5 Peters's Rep. 115; and upon full consideration; it was there held by this court, that the United States being a body politic, as an incident to their general -right of sovereignty, have a'capacity to enter into contracts, and take bonds in cases within the sphere of their constitutional powers, and appropriate t'o the just exercise of those powers ; through the instrumentality of the proper department to which those powers are confined ; whenever such contracts or bonds are not prohibited by law; although the making of such contracts, or taking such bonds, may not have been prescribed by any pre-existing legislative act. The court laid down this as a general principle only, without (as was then said) attempting to enumerate the limitations and exceptions, which may arise from the distribution of powers in our government; and from the operation of other provisions in our constitution-and laws.
But the court, in applying the principle to the case then before them, further added, "we hold that a voluntary bond taken by authority of the proper officers of the treasury department, to whom the disbursement of public moveys is entrusted, to secure the-fidelity in official duties of a reeiver, or an agent for the disbursement, of public moneys, is a binding contract be'twee'u him and his sureties,

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Bradley.]
and the United States; although such bond may not be prescribed or required by any positive law. The right to take such tt bond is, in our view, an incident to the dutiesbelonging to such a department. and the United States having a political capacity to take it, we see no objection to its validity in a moral or a legal view."
From the doctrine here stated, we have not the slightest.inclination to depart: on the contrary, friom further reflection, we are satisfied that it is founded upon the soundest principles of law, and the just interpretation of the constitution. Upon any other doctrine, it would be incompetent for the government, in many.cases, to take any bond or security for debts due to it, or for deposits made of the public money ; or even to enter into contracts for the transfer of its funds from one place to another, for the exigences of the public service, by negotiable paper or otherwise ; since such an authority is not expressly given by law in a vast variety of cases. Yet, in Dugan v. The United States, 3 W heat. 172, 4 Cond. Rep. 223, and in the Postmaster-General v. Early, 12 Whcat. 136, 6 Cond. Rep. 480, this right of the government was treaed as unquestionable, *and belonging to its general functions, as an appropriate incident.
The United States, then, having, in our opinion, a capacity to take a voluntary bond in cases within the scope of the powers delegated to the general government, by the constitution, through the instrumentality of the proper functionaries to whom these powers are confided ; this consideration disposes of the whole of that part of the argument, and the cases cited in support of it, which are founded upon the distinction between bond which are given to parties having a capacity to take; and bonds, which are given toparties, who have no such capacity : the former may be good in part ; the latter are wh0lly void.
That bonds and other deeds may, in many cases, be good in part, and void for the residue, where the residue is. founded in illegality, but not-malurn in se; is a doctrine well founded in the-common law, and has been recognized from a very early period. Thus, in Pigot's case, 11 Co. Lit. 27 b., it was said, that it was unanimously agreed in 14 Hen. 8, 25, 26, that if sonme of the covenants of an indenture, or of the conditions indorsed upon a bond are against law, and some. are good and lawful, that in this case the covenants or conditions which are against law, are, void ab initio; and the others stand good. And, notwithstanding the decision in Lee v Coleshill, Cro. Eliz. 529 ; which, however, is distinguishable, being founded on a

JANUARY TERM 1836.

361

[United States v. Bradley.]
statute; the doctrine has been maintained, and is settled law at the present day in all cases where the different covenants or conditions are severable, and independent of each other, and do not import malum in se; as Will abundantly appear from the case of Newman v. Nevman, 4 M. & Selw. 66, and the other cases hereafter stated ; and many more might be added.
But it has been urged, at the bar, that this doctrine is applicable only to cases wherethe case stands wholly at the common law, and not where the illegality arises under a statute ; and this distinction derives countenance from what was said in Norton v. Simnes, Hob. Rep. where.the distinction was taken between a bond made void by, statute, and by common law ; for (it was there said) upon the statute of 23. Hen. 6, ch. 9, " if a sheriff will take a bond for a point against that law, and also for a debt due, the whole bond is void ; for the letter of the statute is so. For a statute is strict law : but the common law doth decide according to common reason : and having made that void. which is against law, lets the rest stand, as in 14 Hen. 8, 15."
Inthe case of Maleverer v. Redshaw, 1 Mod. Rep. 35, which was debt, upon a bail bond, Mr Justice Twisden said, lie had heard lord Hobart say, " that the statute, i. e. 23 Hen. 6, c. 9, is like a tyrant; when he comes, lie makes all void. But the common law is like a nursing father, makes void'only that part where' the fault is, and preserves-the rest." But Mr Justice Twisden added, that lord Hobart put this doctrine upon the ground -that th6. statute of 23 Hen. 6, oh. 9, had expressly declared that if any of the sheriffs, &c.; should take any obligation in any other form, by colour of their office, that then it should be void.(a) The case in Hobart's Reports, was put by the court expressly upon this distinction. And it was well remarked by Mr Justice Lawrence, in Kerrison . Cole, 8 East's Rep. 236, that this case is easily reconcilable with the general principle : for sheriff's bonds are only authorized to be taken with a certain condition : and, therefore, if they arte taken with any other condition, they are void in toto, and cannot-stand good in part only. But that does not, apply to different and independent covenants and conditions, in the same instrument ; which may be good in part, and bad in part: and so it was held by the whole court in that case ; and notwithstanding the instrument, (a bill of sale and mort-

(a) See 2 Saund. Rep. 55; lb. 59, Williams's note (3). VOL. X.-2 v

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Bradley.]
gage of a ship), was, by statute, declared to be utterly null and void, to all intents and purposes ;" yet it was held, that a covenant in the same instrument, to repay the money lent, was good as'a personal covenant. The same doctrine was held in Wigg v. Shuttleworth, 13 East's Rep. 87 ; How v. Synge, 15 East's 'Rep. 440; Mouse v. Leake, 8 Term Rep. 411 ; Greenwood v. TheBishop of London, 5 Taunt. Rep. 727, S. C. I Marsh. Rep. 292. In this last case, the court took notice of the true line of distinction between the cases, viz. between those cases, where the statute had declared the instrument taken in any other form, than that prescribed by the statute, to be utterly void ; and those cases, where it had declared the instrument void only as to the illegal act, grant, or :onveyance. It was the case of conveyance affected with simony, so far as the next presentation was concerned ; but conveying the advowson in fee. On this occasion the court said, " there can be no doubt, that the conveyance of an advowson in fee, which is of itself legal ; if it be made for the purpose of carrying a simoniacal contract into execution, is void as to so much as goes to effect that purpose; and if the sound part cannot be separated from the corrupt, it is altogether void. It is not, as in the case of usury, and some others, avoided by the positive and inflexible enactment of the statute; but left to the operation of the common law, which will reject the illegal part, and leave the rbst untouched, if they can be fairly separated." Here, the doctrine was applied directly to the very case of a statute prohibition.
But the case of Doe dem. Thomson v. Pitdher (6 Taunt. R. 359; S. C. 2 Marsh R. 61) contains a still more full and exact statement of the doctrine.. It was a case supposed to be affected by the prohibitions of the statute of charitable uses; 9 Geo. 2, ch. 36. Lord Chief Justice Gibbs, in delivering the opinion of the-court, addressing himself to the argument, that if the deed was void as to part, it must be void as to the whole ; said : "if the .objection had been derived from the common law, it is admitted that would not be the consequence. But it is urged that the statute makes the whole deed void. As the counsel for the plaintiff puts it,(a) there is no difference between a transaction void at common law, and void by statute. If an act be prohibited, the construction to be put on a deed conveying pro-
(a) Instead of these words in 2 Marshatl's Reports, p. 69, the words are, "The truth is" there is no difference, &c.

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[United States v. Bradley.]
perty illegally is, that the clause which so conveys it is void equally, whether it be by statute or common law. But it may happen that the statute goes further, and says that the whole deed shall be void to all intents and purposes: and when that is so, the court must so pronounce, because the legislature has so enacted; -and not because the transaction prohibited is illegal. I cannot find in this act any words which make the entire deed void, &c. I think this grant of that interest in land, which by the terms of the grant is to be- applied to a charitable use, is void ; and that the deed, so far as it passes other. lands not to a charitable use, is good." Such is the clear result of the English authorities.
In this court, a similar doctrine has been constantly maintained. It was acted upon in the case of The Postmaster-General v. Early (12 Wheaton's Rep. 136). It was taken for granted in Smith v. The United States (5 Peters's Rep. 293); where the objection, indeed, was not taken: but the bond was not in exact conformity to the statute (act of the 16th of March 1802, ch. 9, sect. 16), under which it was given by a paymaster. - It was also directly before the court in Farrar and Brown v. The United States (5 Peters's Rep. 373); where the bond, taken under the act of the 7th of May 1822, sect. 1, wholly omitted one of the clauses required by the statute to be inserted in the condition. The court there entertained no doubt as to the validity of the bond, and only expressed a doubt whether a breach which was within the direct terms of the omitted clause; and yet which fell within the general words of the inserted clause, could be assigned as a good breach under the latter. But, if the bond, being a statute bond, was totally void, because the condition did not conform to.all the requirements of the act; it would have been wholly useless to have discussed the other questions arising in the cause. Upon the whole, upon this point we are of opinion that there is no solid distinction in cases of this sort between bonds, and other deeds containing conditions, covenants or grants, not malum in se, but illegal at the common law; and those containing conditions, covenants or grants, illegal by the express prohibitions of statutes. In each case the bonds or other deeds are void as to such conditions, covenants or grants, which are illegal ; and are good as to all others which are legal and unexceptionable in their purport. The only exception is, when the statute has not confined its prohibitions to the illegal conditions, covenants or grants; but has expressly, or by necessary implication, avoided the whole instrument to all intents and purposes.

SUPREME COURT.
[Uuiea States v. Bradley.]
It has been urged, however, in the present case, that the act of 1816, ch. 69, does, by necessary implication, prohibit the taking of any.bonds from paymasters other than those in the form prescribed by the. sixth section of the act; and 'therefore that bonds taken in any other. form are utterly void. We do not think so. The act merely prescribes the form and purport of the bond to be taken of paymasters by the war department. It is in this respect directory to that department; and doubtless it would be illegal for that department to insist upon a bond containing other provisions and conditions differing from those prescribed or required by law. But the act has no where declared that all other bonds, not taken in the prescribed form, shall be utterly void : nor does such an implication arise from any of the terms contained in the act, or from any principles of public policy which it is designed to promote. A bond may, by mutual mistake or accident, and wholly withouit design, be taken i.n a form not prescribed by the act. It would be a very mischievous interpretation of the act to suppose, that under such circumstances it was the -intendment of the act that the bond should be utterly void. Nothing, we think, but very strong and express language, should induce a court of justice to adopt such an interpretation. Where the act speaks out, it would be our duty to follow it: where it is silent, it is a sufficient compliance with the policy of the act, to declare the bond void, as to any conditions which are imposed upon a party beyond what the law requires. This is not only the dictate of the common law, but of common sense.
We think, then, that the present bond, so far as it is in conformity to the act of 1816, ch. 69, is good ; and for any excess beyond that act, if there be any (on which we do not decide), it is void, pro tanto. The breach assigned is clearly of a part of the condition (viz. to acc3unt for the public mopeys), which is in conformity to the act; and therefore action is well maintainable therefor. The case of The Supervisors of Alleghany county v. Van Campen (3 Wend. Rep. 48), proceeded upon grounds of a similar nature.
Before concluding this opinion, it may be proper to take notice of another objection raised by the third plea, and pressed at the argument. It is that Hall was not entitled to act as paymaster until he hE , given the bond required by the act of 1816, in the form therein prescribed ; and that not having given any such bond, he is not accountable as paymaster for any moneys received by him from the government. We are of a different !"pinion.- Hall's appointment,as paymaster, was complete when his alpointment was duly ankd4 _b

JANUARY TERM 1836.

[United States v. Bradley.]

the president, and confirmed by the senate. The giving of the bond

was a mere ministerial act for the security of the-government ; and

not a.condition precedent to his authority to act as paymaster.

Having receied the public moneys as paymaster, he must account

for them as paymaster. Indeed, the condition of the bond having

recited that he was appointed paymaster of the rifle regiment. he and

his relatives are estopped to deny the fact: and by the terms of their

contract they undertake that " he shall regularly account, when thereto required, for all moneys received by him as paymaster afore-

said."

-

The misdescription of the corporate or politic name of the plaintiffs

in the bond, by calling them "Tte United States of .North America,"

instead of America; is cured by the averment-of identity in the declaration: and, indeed, it has not been insisted on at the argument.

Upon the whole, we are of opinion that the third and fifth pleas,

upon which the circuit court gave judgment in favour of the defend-

ant are bad in law; and therefore the judgment ought to be reversed,

and judgment thereon be entered in favour of the United States: and

the cause remanded to the circuit court for further proceedings.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the District of Colum-
bia, holden in and for the county of Washington, and was argued by counsel ; on consideration whereof, it is the opinion of the court that there is error in the judgment of the said circuit court in adjudging that the pleadings by the said defendants, in 'the same cause pleaded, and the matters and things there contained, are sufficient in law to bar the said United States from having and maintaining their action aforesaid. And it is thereupon ordered, and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said circuit court be, and the same is hereby reversed ; and this court proceeding to render such judgnient as the said circuit court should have rendered in the premises, it is further considered and adjudged by this court, that the third and fifth pleas, so as aforesaid pleaded by the said defendants,.are not sufficient inlaw to bar the said United States of their action aforesaid, against the said defendants ; wherefore the said United States ought, notwithstanding the pleas aforesaid, to recover their debt and damages on occasion of the premises. And it is further ordered and adjudged by this court that the cause be remanded to th6 said circuit court for further proceedingsthereon, according to law.

SUPREME COURT.
GEORGE PETER, EXECUTOR OF DAVID PETER DECEASED, THE BANK
OF COLUMBIA AND THlE BANK OF THE UNITED STATES, APPEL-
LANTS V. JAMES B. BEVERLY AND WIFE, AND WILLIAM RAMSAY
AND WI.FE, AND OTHERS; HEIRS OF DAVID PETER DECEASED.
David Peter, of the District of Columbia, by his will, declared it to be his intention that all the proceeds of all his estate should be vested in his wife, fbr her support and for the maintenance and education of his children: that no appraisement or valuation should be had of any part of the property attached to his dwellinghouse.: that his children should receive good educations. He provided for the payment of his debts by the following clause in his will: "I wish all my debts to be as speedily paid as possible, for which purpose I desire that the tract of land on which Dulin lives, together with all personal property thereon, may be sold and applied to that purpose;, and in aid of that, as soon as sales can be effected, so much of my city property as may be necessary to effect that object." He appointed his wife, Johns, and George Peter his executors. The whole of the 'personal property attached to the dwellinghouse, went into the hands of Mrs Peter; and she maintained her family and educated her children out of the proceeds of the estate. At the time of the decease of David Peter, he was largely indebted to the banks in the District of Columbia; and the executors, to obtain a continuance of the loans, and considering it advantageous to the estate to do so, gave their individual notes for the debts, and received the notes of their testator. This was done, under the understanding that the arrangement was to continue as long as the banks should be willing to indulge the estate; or until the executors could make sales of the estate for the payment of the debts. In the settlement of the accounts of the executors, in the orphan's court, the notes of the testator, received from the banks, were charged by the executors. The Dulin farm was sold, but no title made to the purchaser, he having paid a part of the purchase money, and given his notes indorsed for the balance. His notes were not paid, and an ejectment was brought for the recovery of the estate, which has not been decided. George Peter survived the other executors; and he was called upon by the banks to sell the real estate of David Peter directed to be sold: to pay the debts. The children of David Peter obtained a perpetual injunction in the circuit court to prevent tile sale of tile city property of their father, for the payment of the debts; alleging that no debts were due, as the notes of'tbe executors had been received by tile banks for the debts'of the testator, and they had charged them in their accounts with the estate : and also alleging negligence in not collecting the balance due for the sale of "the Dulin farm ;' and that the executors were liable. as for a devastavit for the money which went into the hands of their mother, for the support of the family, and the education of the children: and it was denied that the power to sell the estate of- tile testator survived to the surviving executor, George Peter. The court held: that the direction of the will of David Peter to sell a portion of his real estate for payment of his debts, created a power coupled with an interest that survives. That the surviving executor is, by necessary implication, the person authorized to execute that power and fulfil that trust. That the debt due the banks has not been extinguished, by the notes substituted by the executors,

JANUARY TERM 1836.

5338

[Peter v. Beverly.]
as renewals in the bank, or the estate of the testator in any way discharged'from the payment of the debt.' That the executors are not chargeable with negligence or misapplication of the personal estate' that ought to render them personally responsible for these debts: and that satisfaction of these debts should be had out of the lands appropriated by the testator for that purpose. The perpetual injunction granted by the circuit court was ordered to be dissolved. If executors have paid a debt to banks, or the banks. have accepted their note
in payment, in place 'of the notes of the testator, so that the executors became. the debtors, and personally responsible to the banks; the only effect of this is, that the executors became the creditors of the estate instead of the banks, and may resort to the trust fund to satisfy the debt. The testator had a right, unquestionably, so far as respected his children, to charge the.payment of his debts upon any part of his estate, real or personal, as he might think proper and most advantageous to his family. And if the creditors were willing to look to the fund so appropriated to that object, no one would have a right to counteract or control his will in that respect. And lie having thought proper to constitute his widow the trustee of the proceeds of all his estate, for the maintenance and' education of his children, thereby vesting in her an unlimited discre-
tion in this respect, so far as the proceeds of his estate would go; the surviving executor is not accountable for any thing applied by her for that purpose, not even if she wuld lie chargeable with a devastavit. It is a well settled rule, that one executor is not responsible for the devastavit of his co-exec.utor, any farther than he is shown to have been knowing and assenting at the time to such devastavit or misapplication of the assets: and merely permitting his co-executor to possess the assets, without going farther and concurring in the application of them, does not render him answerable for the receipts of his co-executor. Each executor is liable.only for his own acts, and what he receives and applies i unless lie joins in the direction and misapplication of the assets. It is a well settled rule in clianeery, in the construction of wills as well other instruments, that when land is directed to be s6ld and turned into money, or money is directed to be employed in the purchase of larids; courts of equity in dealing with the subject will consider it that species of property into which- it is directed to be converted. The general principle of the common"law, as laid down by lord Coke and sanctioned by many judicial decisions, is, that when the power given to several persons, is a mere naked power to sell, not coupled with an ihterest, it must be executed by all,. and does not survive. 'But where' tle power is coupled with an interest, it may be executed by the survivor. It is not a power coupled with an interest in executors, because they may derive a personal benefit from the devise. For a trust will survive, though no way beneficial to the trustee. It i the possession of the legal estate, 6r a right in the subject over which the power is to be exercised, that makes the interest in question. And when an executoi , guardian, or other trustee, is invested with the rents and profits of land, for the sale or use of another; it is still
an authority coupled with an interest, and survives. The courts of America have generally applied to the construction of such powers,
the great and leading principle which applies the construction of other parts of the will, to ascertain and carry into execution the intention of the testator. When the power is given to executors, to be executed in their official capacity of executors, and there are no words in the will warranting the conclusion that the testator intended, for safety or some other object, a joirt exec'ution of the power; as the

SUPREME COURT.
[Peter v. Beverly.] office survives, the power ought also to be construed as surviving. And courts of equity will lend their aid to uhold the power, for the purpose of carrying into execution the intention of the testator, and preventing the consequences that might result from an extinction of the power: and where there is a trust, charged upon the executors in the direction given to them in the disposition of the proceeds, it is the settled doctrine of courts of chancery, that the trust does not become extinct by, the death of one of the trustees. It wyill be continued in the survivors, and not be permitted, in any event, to fitl for the want of a trustee. It is a settled doctrine, that the acceptance of a negotiable note for an antecedent debt, will not extinguish the debt; unless itis expressly agreed that it is received as payment. The auditor to whom the accounts of the executors were referred, made an estimate of the expenses of the fulily of Mrs Peter for twelve years, without having called for vouchers for all the items of the expenditures. The court held, the allowance of 6000 dollars for the expe.nscs of the family fbr twelve years, must certainly be .a very moderate charge. It was a proper subject of inquiry for the auditor, and there is no ground upon which this court can say the allowance is exceptionable. From the nature of the expenditure for the daily expenses of the family, it could hardly be expected that a regular account would be. kept; and especially, under the large discretion given by the testator in his will in relation-i D the maintenance of his family. The amounts paid by the executors for the curtails and discounts on the notes running in the banks, were properly allowed to their credit. These were debts due from the estate, and whatever payments, were made were for and on account of the estate.
APPEAL from the circuit coturt of the United States for the District of Columbia, in the connty of Washington.-
The appellees filed their bill in the court below, to enjoin a sale of certain real estate, being lots in Washington, which had belonged to David Peter deceased ; which sale was about to be made by George Peter, his surviving executor, for the payment of debts due from his estate to the other appellants.
The following is a copy of his will In the name of God, Amen. I, David Peter, of Georgetown and District of Columbia, do hereby make and establish this my last will and testament, revoking all heretofore made by me., 1. It is my intention that the proceeds of all my estate shall be vested in my dear wife Sarah Peter,-for the maintenance and education of my.children. 2. I wish all my debts.to be as speedily paid as possible, for which purpose I desire that the tract of land on which Dulin lives, together with all personal property thereon, inay be sold and -applied to that purpose : and in aid of that, as soon assales can be effected, so much of my city Property as may Ie necessary to effect that object.I

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Peter v. Beverly.]
3. 1 desire Lhat the corner lot on Bridge and Congress streets shall be given to my son William, and the corner lot oi Water and High streets to my son Hamilton, and the storehouse and lot adjoining the last named corner, devised to my son Hamilton, to my youngest
son James. 4. I desire that no appraisement or valuation shall be had of any
part of the property attached to my dwellinghouse. 5. I desire that my sons shall receive as good educations as the
country will afford, and my daughters the best the place can furnish; and I desire that in the general distribution of the residue of my estate on the division between my sons and daughters, my sons may receive in the proportion of five as to three.
I constitute and appoint mydear wife Sarah Peter, captain George Peter, Leonard-H. Johns, my executrix anid executors of this-my last will and testament.
In witness. whereof, I have hereunto set ny hand and seal th'is 30th day of November 1812.
DAVID PETER, [L. S.].
The will was executed in the presence of three witnesses. They charged in their bill that George Peter was about to sell certain real estate of the testator, whose heirs and devisees they are, for the payment of debts alleged to be de to the Bank of Columbia and to the Bank of the United States; the said debts having been assigned .to him : that a very large real and personal estate came to the hands of the executors of said David Peter; and that if they had used due and reasonable diligence in respect to the trust confided in them by the said will, and had properly applied the assets arising'from the sales of the real and personal estate of said. David, in a lawful course of administration, all the debts of the.said David would have been fully paid, without any further application to the real estate to raise money for that purpose. They charged them with having received moneys which they have not accounted for; that they sold the land in Maryland, mentioned in the will, and received about one-half the purchase money, and that the whole ought to have been received, if the executors had used due diligence. , They state that the executors have settled accounts in the orphan's court which they had exhibited, whereby it appeared that they have overpaid tie personal estate more than 12,000 dollars; and they contended, that. if "by the neglect of the

SUPREME COURT.
[Peter v. Beverly.]
executors they have not received and applied the whole of the purchase money of the land sold, to indemnify and reimburse them for the advances made towards the payment of the debts, they, the complainants ought not to be affected by such negligence." They deny "that there is any debt due to the banks, or any other debt whatsoever, -for Lhe'payment of which it is necessary, proper, or lawful for the said George :Peter to make sale of the said city lots." They prayed for injunction and general relief.
The answer of George Peter stated that he was the brother of the leslator,and that of the other executors appointed by his will, one was his widow, nd the other, Leonard H. Johns, her brother ; that at the death of the testator in 1812, he resided -in Georgetown, and in 1816 removed to the country, in Maryland, where he has ever since resided; that although he consented to qualify as executor, he did not deem it necessary that he should interfere.in the managemerit or settlement of the estate with the widow and her brother; and that excent in attending to. a farm and the stock thereon, and a few inconsiderable tenements in Montgomery county, Maryland, w hich7 were neat his own property, he did not so interfere: that believing Mr Johns to be fully competent, and that he .would attend to the business in the way best calculated to promote the interest of 'his sister and her children, he left it to them to settle the estate, and collect and dispose of the proceeds thereof, and provide for the support and education of the family as they'might think best.
That all this was well'known to the complainant Beverly; who married the oldest daughter of the testator in 1819, and who and his wife-lived with her mother, till within a year or two of her death; and he exhibited a letter of said Beverly to prove this'
He stated. that he had nothing to do with the settlement of' accounts in the' orphan's court; "further than that it was explained to him to be necessary in order to comply.with the rules of the banks, and thus to continue the debts, and save the pioperty from sacrifice by a sale, to put in by way of renewal the notes of the executors for those of the testotor, and'hat the accounts should be settled in the orphan's court, so as to show those debts in the banks, thus paid %y the executors; they having substituted their own notes; aid that this a rangementshould continue as long as the banks would be willing to indulge the estate, or until the executors should be able-to make. sales for the paymeht of said debts: and he avers that thi§ arrangement was explained and understood, and assented to by the said

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Peter v., Beverly.]
executors and the said banks, and he presumes was explained to the orphan's court. '
That this arrangement was well understood by Beverly, the widow and all the children, who were old enough to understand any thing of their affairs: was often talked of by the complainants, Beverly and Ramsay, who always spoke of the estate as liable to the banks ; and he exhibits numerous letters from Beverly, showing his knowledge of and acquiescence in it ; and shows that said Beverly was, for a considerable time, acting, as agent for the estate', under the authority of the executors, and paying discounts on these substituted notes to the banks out of the rents of the estate, and some-times from partial sales of lots, and at other times attempting to make sales for the purpose of paying interest to the said banks. He admits the sale of the land, called Dulin's in the will, to George Magruder; that he paid part of the money, was sued and became insolvent ; and that an ejectment was brought to recover the land, that it might be re-sold; that the ejectment was removed .to the court of appeals of Maryland, where he believes it is still pending; that if there was any neglect or delay in recovering this land, it was the neglect of the complainant Beverly, who undertook to attend to it, being then agent for the estate, who also employed counsel to file a bill in chancery.in Maryland, for a re-sale of the land.
The defendant, under these circumstances, considering this business in the hands and under the care of complainant, did not suppose it necessary for him to interfere in it. He admits that he received some small sums of money from the farm in Maryland, which he always sent to Mrs Peter or Mr Johns; and which, with the other money they received, he believes were faithfully applied in paying the debts, and supporting and educating the children. He knows that great expenses were incurred in this way; that the family continued to be supported in the way they had been accustomed to live; and that the income of the estate, which had greatly diminished, must have been insufficient for these purposes; that rents bad greatly fallen, and most of the city property was unproductive, and the taxes were consi'derable. Under these circumstances, the executors exercised their discretion, honestly and fairly, in withholding the city property from forced sales at very low prizes; and became responsible t6 the banks, who consented to the arrangement made to save the estate from sacrifice. He avers -that considerable advances were made by the executors, particularly by him-
VOL. X.-3 S

538

SUPREME COURT.

[Peter v. Beverly.] self and Johns, for the payment of debts, and the necessary support and education of the family.
He exhibits statements with his answer, showing what, upon the lowest estimates, must. have been the annual expenses for maintaining the family and educating the children; and what was the annual income of the estate, showing its great inadequacy to meet those objects.
He contends, that under the arrangement with the banks, with the perfect understanding of the complainant, the estate remained liable to the banks: but that if this were not so, yet if the executors had made themselves liable, they would have an undoubted right to resort to the estate for their indemnity or re-imbursement ; and might use and apply this right for the benefit of the banks, to whom the said debts are still due.
The answer of the banks refers tothe answer of the surviving executor, for the facts stated as to the arrangement between the executors and the bank ; which they aver was entered into to save the estate of testator from sacrifice, and to continue the accommodation ; and that the executors and the bank, and the agents of the executors, one of whom was the complainant Beverly, always so understood it, and looked to the trust estate as still liable to the banks.. They exhibit statements showing the situation of these debts at the death of the testator ; and the various renewals by the executors afterwards, with the payments made by them and their agents, and the balance now due.
An amended bill was filed, calling for an account of another sum of money alleged to have been received by the executors, or some of them; and charging, more particularly, negligence in the executors, in not suing the indorsers on the notes of George Magruder, the purchaser of Dulin's farm, in time, and the consequent loss of the balance of the purchase money, by such neglect.
To.this amended bill the surviving executor, answered, stating his knowledge and belief as to the further sum charged to have been received and unaccounted for by the executors : and he denies, as before, the negligence imputed to the executors; and avers, if there was any negligence, it was that of Beverly the complainant ; who, being interested in the estate and being a lawyer, undertook to attend to the recovery of the balance of the purchase money ; that the indorsers were in very doubtful circumstances ; that the laud was looked upon by all interested as a sufficient security for the

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Peter v. Beverly.]
balance of the purchase money, and that the counsel employed in recovering the balance of the purchase money advised a resort to a re-sale of the land, as the best remedy to recover said balance ; that for this purpose an ejectment was brought, and a bill in chancery filed in Maryland, under the direction and superintendence of said Beverly; and that if any delay or negligence occurred in the prosecution of these suits, it was caused by said Beverly.
On the coming in of this answer, the cause was referred to the auditor, to make a report and account, and take depositions, &c.
The following report was made by the auditor: ." This cause having been referred 'to the auditor, with directions to take and report an account of all sums received by the.executors from the real and personal estate of David Peter" deceased, and of the sums paid by them, &c., and to take depositions and report all evidence 'and testimony by him taken, the auditor, after having notified the parties, proceeded to examine the accounts and vouchers of the executors, and the several statements made by the counsel of the complainants and defendants; and now begs leave of this honourable court to report : "That he has examined the several statements made by the executors with the orphan's court, and has extracted therefrom the several sums received and paid by them. In making the statement now submitted, the auditor has omitted the charges made'by the executors, and for which they obtained credit in their settlement with that court for payments stated to have been by them made to the Bank 61f Columbia, and the Union Bank of Georgetown, because it does not appear that these debts were, at that time, paid by them. "When David Peter died, he was largely indebted to these banks
upon indorsed notes, discounted in them. A proposition was made by the executors and acceded to by the banks to prevent these notes from lying under protest, to substitute notes to be drawn by Mrs Sarah Peter, executrix, and indorsed by Leonard H. Johns and George Peter, executors. These notes of David-Peter were retired by this substitution, and passed as credits to the executors in the orphan's court as paid, when in truth and in fact they were not paid. Whether the bank by this arrangement released the estate of David Peter or not, the auditor does not undertake to determine. In the account with the orphan's court, the executors are charged with the amount of the inventory of the personal estate, both in the District of Columbia and in Maryland: in the present stdtement these charges are

SUPREME COURT.
[Peter v. Beverly.]
omitted. As far as any proceeds of the personal estate came into their hands, they are charged in this audit; but they are not charged with what the widow and heirs retained in their own hands, and for their own use; the object being to ascertain whether the executors are indebted to the estate, or the estate to them. It will be seen,. that by, an account stated by the counsel for the heirs, and annexed to the auditor's statement, that he has charged the executors with 20,250 dollars, being the amount of sale of land to George Magruder. It appears from the papers, that the first payment for this land, amounting to 6895 -dollars 96 cents, and interest thereafter, in all 8000 dollars, is all that has ever been paid or received by the executors on that account ; the balance.has not been paid, under the plea by the representative of Magruder, that the will. ofDavid Peter did not sufficiently authorize the executors to sell and make a good title to the land. Under these circumstances, this charge.for the balance of the pnrchase money is rejected by the auditor.
"The counsel for the bank and executors has also made, a statement, which is also annexed. The auditor rejects both statements, and presents one of his own. It appears that when David Peter died, he possessed. a large estate, with a suitable establishment, in Georgetown. He'left a widow, three sons and two daughters, mi.nors. His estate, although large, was not proportionably productive. It consisted of land in Montgomery county, Maryland, and lots and houses in Georgetown and the city of Washington: most of the lots were unimproved. The land in Maryland was tenanted out, except one farm, which, being stocked, was reserved 'for the management and support of the family, and so remains to this day... The income arising from the esate annually, after paying taxes, was insufficient to defray the expenses of the establishment in Georgetown in the manner they had been accustomed to live, and to educate-the three sons and two.daughters. The auditor has, therefore, estimated the family expenses at 1500 dollars per annum, or 500 dollars over and above the produce of the stocked farm, and the small amount of rents received in Montgomery. In addition to these expenses, the estate 'was bound by the will of David Peter's father, to contribute to, his mother's support during her life, five hundred dollars in money, with a proportion of wood and provisions,.1er annum. These heavy
charges upon the estate, and the accumulation of interest and discounts on debts, has caused the estate to fall largely indebted to the

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Peter v. Beverly.]
executors, while the Bank of the United States, as assignee of the Bank of Columbia, and other claimants, remain unpaid.
"The claims upon the estate by Richard West, Thomas P. Wilson and the Union'Bank, were recoveied by judgments against George Peter, as executor and indorser, and have been fully paid by him.
"By the statement.now presented, it appears that .the estate is indebted to the executors 17,539 dollars- 61 cents, arising from the above causes: the larger part, if not the whole, is in justice due to George Peter : in addition to which he has an account for a considerable amount which is suspended in this audit, on account of some ch.rges in blank,, for sundry payments to managers and overseers,' blacksmith's bills, &c. &r.; which charges may be considered when the claims generally shall .be presented for final settlement.
' The death of the executrix, the subsequent death of Leonard H. Johns, who was the acting executor, and the surviving executor not residing in the District, and knowing little about the manner in which the estate has been managed, the want of papers and confused state of the whole concern, renders it a laboriousand difficult task to do exact justice to all parties; but with the materials within his reach, the auditor has made the best report in his power, which he hopes will be received. It cannot be very material to the -heirs, whether they still owe .the bank or not; because if they do not owe the bank, they will be by the' same amount more indebted to tl~e executors.
"December 10, 1833." The.complainants excepted to the report of the auditor. The following is-a summary statement of the exceptions: 1 and 2. That the auditor has not .charged the said surviving executor with the amount of the inventories of the personal estate of the testator,, filed by the said executors in'the orphap';court of Washington County, District of Columbia, -on the 12th of December .in the year 1812, and'on the 12th of January 1813. 3. That the auditor has not recharged the surviving executors with the sum of 4552 dollars, .bing the value of certain personal effects, part of the assets of the testator's estate, applicable to the payment of his debts, whiph was improperly delivered to Sarah Peter, -widow and executrix ot the said David, as a.legacy, and for.which said execuiors haveobtained improperly a. credit on the settlement of their accounts with the said orphan's court. '4.and 5. That the 'auditor has not eharged the said surviving
executor with the amounts. respectively, of two promissory notes of

SUPREME COURT.
[Peter v. Beverly.]
George Magruder, and interest on one to the 1st of January 1815, ani the other to the 1st of January 1816, which said notes were received by the said executors of said Magruder,.for the second and third instalments of the purchase money of the tract of land called Dulin's farm, devised to be sold, and sold by said executors, to aid in the payment of testator's debts, which said sums of money were lost by the gross neglect and fault of the said executors.
7. That the auditor has given credit to said executor in said account current, for the sum of 5809 dollars and 92 cents, being the estimated amount of taxes on the real estate devised by said David Peter to the complainants, (the appellees) and supposed to have accrued prior to the year 1829, without any evidence that the said executors had ever paid that or any other sum of money on account of such taxes.
8. That the auditor has given credit to the executors for the sum of 6000 dollars, being, as he says, the estimated amount of the expenses of Mrs Sarah Peter's family for twelve years, without evidence to show that that, or any other sum of money was expended by the said executors for such purpose.
9, 10 and 11. That the auditor has given credit to the said executor, for the sum of 8931 dollars and 12 cents, for discounts and curtails paid in the Union Bankof Georgetown, and 1430 dollars and 75 cents, for discounts and curtails paid, in the Bank of Columbia, since the 25th of September 1.815 ; after which time no debt was due from the estate of David Peter to either of the said banks, and after the said executors were in possession of assets of the said estate, sufficient to pay all the debts of the said David.
12. That the auditor has rejected the statement and account presented on the part of the complainants, the -appellees, and refused to charge the said executors as they are therein charged.
In January 1835, the circuit court overruled the exceptions, and on the 25th of May 1835, the following decree was made.
"This cause having been set for hearing upon the bill, answers, exhibits and evidence, and having been argued by counsel, it is this 25th day of May 1835, upon further hearing of the parties and their counsel, ordered, adjudged and decreed, that the auditor's report heretofore excepted to by the complainants, be and the same.is hereby- confirmed and the exceptions thereto overruled.
"And the court, further considering the said cause, do order, adjudge and decree, that the said injunction, granted as aforesaid, on

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Peter v. Beverly.)
the prayer of said complainants be, and the same is hereby made perpetual, and that the defendants pay to the complainants their costs of suit."
From this decree the defendants appealed to this court; and the complainants appealed from so much of the decree as confirmed the auditor's report.
The case was argued by Mr *Key, and Mr Sergeant, for the appellants, George Peter, executor, and others; and by Coxe and Mr Marbury, for James B. Beverly, and others.
The counsel for the appellants submitted the following points to the court.
1. Thai under the arrangement made between the banks and the executors, the trust estate in their hands continued still liable to the bank for the testator's debt, notwithstanding the substitution of the executor's notes.
2. That if not,.still the trust estate was liable for the indemnity and reimbursement of the executors, who had assumed the responsibility of these debts.
3. And if so, the proof shows that they had largely overpaid the estate, even beyond the amount of the responsibility thus incurred: the allowance made by the auditor, for the support and education of the family, excepted to by the complainant, being correct, and his disallowance of the charge on the executors for negligence, for the unpaid balance of the purchase money, for Dulir's farm, also excepted to, being also correct.
4. That under the will the power to sell survives to the remaining executor.
5. That the decree of the court below is repugnant, erroneous, and contrary to equity, inasmuch as confirming the auditor's report, and thereby admitting the equity of the defendants, to the extent before stated ; it nevertheless grants a perpetual injunction against the appropriate legal mode of effectuating that equity, without. affording them any other relief.
Mr Key, for George Peter and others. The facts of the case are these : The testator, D. Peter, died in 1812, leaving a widow and five children, all young ; the eldest about twelve years old. They con-
VOL W-3 s"

SUPREME COURT.
[Peter v,. Beverly.]
tinued to live in the mansionhouse, in Georgetown, till i825, when the widow died. The eiecutors were the widow, her brother Leondrd Johns, and George Peter, the testator'si-brother, the surviving executor.
The family were supported and educated ; and the income of the estate was -insufficient for that purpose, as is averred in the answers and proved. The principal debts were due to the banks: some discounts were paid, but a large amount of interest is still due on the debts.
The executors made an- arrangement with the banks, by which their own notes were substituted for the testator's, and were to be so continued as long as the bank would indulge, or until the executors could make sales. This atrrangement was understood by Beverly and Ramsay and all the family, as is proved by the answers, by Beverly's letters and. by Kurtz.
In 1827 the banks file a bill against the heirs, to sell, the real estate to pay these debts. Beverly and the other heirs answerj that the debts are paid by the executors' notes, and plead limitations.
In themeantime, the surviving executor, having judgments against him by one of the banks, levied or. about to be on his own property, is, advised, that he has a right to sell the city lots, as 'surviving executor, and advertises a sale in 1828. The bill is then filed by Beverly and the heirs, and'injunction obtained, which the court below has decreed shall be perpetual.
In .1814 the'executorssold Dulin's farm to Magruder, and receive'd about -one third of the purchase money.
The will shows that the testator intended the property specifically devised for that purpose, should be. applied to pay his debts : that the other property, the personal, estate, should be.kept for his fampily.; that in his house not to be inventoried;.and that the children should be maintained and educated. The city lots to be Sold, in aid of Dulin's farm, to pay his.debtsi as soon as sales could be effected.
These intentions the executors have fulfilled : and it is not creditors who had a right to do so, that are complaining of this,'and that their debts have not been paid out of the personalty; but the -heirs, who have received all the benefit of the estate, as intended' by the testator, who have had all the personal-estate, and who now seek to throw the debts on the executors, and take from them, for'their own. Use, the' trust property,.which they were to sell to pay the debts.

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Peter v. Beverly.]
Their bill charges misapplication and negligence. What is the misapplication . Not that they have applied the estate to their own .use, or to the use of any one but the heirs ; 'but that they have'not "duly administered" the estate, by-applying the personal estate to: pay the debts. Nor is the misapplication charged on the surviving executor. It may have been that of the widow and her brother.
The same as to'the negligence: and the answer and Beverley's own letter, and his bill, filed in 1821, and dismissed ; show that-the defendant, George Peter, came into the trust merely to attend to a farm or two in Maryland ; and that he left the whole management and settlement of the estate, and the maintaining and educating the children, to the widow and her brother, the other executors. If they misapplied the assets to the children's use, instead of the creditors', it would be bad enough for the children to complain of this against them. But to complain of this, or of their negligence against the defendant, the surviving executor, who had nothingto do with it; would be still more unreasonable. The effort is to make him pay the testator's debts, because the other executors gave the property to the children ; and it is made by the children, who have had all the benefit of the property. 7 Johns. Ch. Rep. 23.
First point. Were the debts paid to the banks ? Payment of one note by another, is never presumed an extinguishment ; it must be proved to have been so received. All the answers and evidence, and Beverly's letters to 1827, and his bill filed against the executors in 1821 and dismissed in 1824, show it was not so received ; that the trust property still continued liable for the debts. The notes of the testator were given up, not to be cancelled, but in confidence, to be preserved ; to be filed, with the executor's account, in the orphan's court; that account was not finall y settled: the notes are there. I1 Johns. Rep. 513 ; 14 Johns. Rep. 404, 414 ; 7 Har. & Johns. 92; 2 Gill & Johns. 493. Second point. But if it was a payment, still the trust estate would be liable for the indemnity and reimbursenienf of the executors. The executors would be substituted for the creditors, and could sell. 7 Har. & Johns. 134; 4 Gill & Johns. 303; 2 Pick. 517; 1 Conn. Rep. 51. Third point. And so thd proof shows that they had largely overpaid the estate, to an'amount far beyond the amount of the bank debts.
VOL. x.-3 T

SUPREME COURT.
[Peter v. Beverly.]
The accounts taken by the auditor all show this; and the exceptions were properly overruled by the court below. As to the first, second and third exceptions, the auditor was right in not charging the executors with the inventories, and in allowing them what they gave the widow. He charges them with 'what they sold ; all the rest the family had.
As to the fourth and fifth, the charge of negligence in not recovering the balance of the purchase money from Magruder: the executors are proved to have acted by advice of counsel ; to have brought an ejeetment to recover the land and re-sell it. If there was any delay in that point, the fault was Beverly's, who undertook to superintend it. 2 Johns. Ca. 376; 4 Gill & Johns. 323; 1 Har. & Gill 88; 4 Gill and Johns. 453; 4 Rawle 148.
As to the sixth, the tax lists show the amount paid ; there was no other way of being paid but out of the estate by executorsthis is proved also by Beverly's letters.
As to the other exceptions, the auditor was right in allowing for the discounts paid on their notes, and in allowing 600 dollars a year
for twelve year's maintenance of the family ; the proof, and Beverly's letters show this. He married in 1819, and lived with his wife, with the widow, her mother, till shortly before her death. Wire v. Smith and Buchanan, 4 Gill & Johns. 303; Billington's Appeal, 3 Rawle 48.
As to the fourth point, the power of the surviving executor to sell: he cited, Lock v. Locket, 1 And. 145; 3 Dyer 371 ; Moore's Case,. 2 Leon.; Pow. on Dev. 239; Sug. on Powers 157, and note; 6 Rand. 600;. 2 DalI. 223; 3 Binn. 69; 1 Yeates 422; 3 Yeates 163; 4 Hen. & Munf. 444; 5 Mtnf. 150; 4 H. & M'H. 455: and contended that this will created a trust, not a naked power, which survived, and to-the executors virtute officii; cited, Sug. on Powers 11, and note.
Fifth point. The court confirnicd the auditor's report, admitting thereby that the estate was overpaid by the executors, and yet prohibit the sale: this is repugnant and erroneous. If the court thought the surviving executor had no power to sell, why enjoin him ? Why not, as the parties were all before the court, appoint a trustee'and decree a sale ? This they could have done with a cross-bill. But if a cross-bill had been necessary, the court should have directed it. Coop. Eq. 7, pl. 34, 84 ; 7 Johns. Ch. Rep. 250, 251 ; Mit. 6I.

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Peter v. Beverly.]
The counsel for Beverly, and the other appellees, insisted 1. That at the date of the advertisement of the sale of the lots, there was no debt due the banks, or either of them, or any other debt whatsoever, for the payment of which it was either necessary,, proper or.lawful for George Peter to sell the city lots. 2. That the balance of debt appearing, by the auditor's report, to be due from the heirs of David Peter to the executors, is made up of charges which, if they-have any valid existence, have arisen since the death of David Peter, ai'd are not embraced within the provisions' contained in his-will for the payment of his debts; and, consequently, that tThe real estate is not liable to be sold for the payment of the same. 3. That the surviving executor, George Peter, has no legal right or authority, as executor, to sell the land in the said will devised to be sold for the payment of the testator's debts. 4. That the city lots, advertised to be sold as aforesaid, are not by the will devised to be sold, until the proceeds of the sale of the farm on Which Dulin lived, and the personal estate, has been applied, and a deficiency appear. 5. And ift order that the Whole controversy between the parties may be closed without further appeal to this court; the appellees further insisted, that the circuit court erred in overruling the several exceptions aforesaid to. the a'uditor's report, and in ratifying and affirming the said report.
Mr Marbury, for the appellees The executors claim a right under the Will of David Peter to sell the land devised for the payment of his debts ; they have been enjoined from so doing until it shall be ascertained that there are debts existing, for the payment of which it would be right to make such sale : the debts alleged to be unpaid are those which were owing by the testator at the time of his death to the Bank of Columbia, and the Union Bank of Gec.rgetown. On the part of the appellees, it is insisted, that these debts have been paid since the death' of David Peter; not in fact with money,, but by the substitution of the private .notes of the executors, and the simultaneous surrender by the banks to the executors of the original notes of their testator, with the design that the executors might exhibit those. notes as paid, and obtain a credit for the amount in the settlement of their account with the orphan's court. As a sufficient consideration for their assumption to

SUPREME COURT.
[Peter v. Beverly.]
pay these debts, the executors had in their control an estate amply sufficient for payment of all the debts of the testator, whenever they should please to apply it ; their notes given in lieu of the testator's have been renewed by the banks from time to time for the term of fifteen years. The object of their arrangement had been accomplished-; their'account has been settled in the orphan's court ; they have obtained a credit for the amount of David Peter's debts to the banks; his notes are there filed as vouchers by which'the executors are discharged from liability to account for an equal amount of the assets in their hands. Having thus dealt with the executors, the banks' cannot now claim to be creditors of the estate-of David Peter.
If one deal with another's agent, and give him a receipt for a sum of money which the agent had a right to pay-; and on the faith of that receipt the agent obtains a credit in settlement with his principal, the debt is thereby discharged. 15 Johns. Rep. 276.
It is conceded that the acceptance of a promissory note will not pay a debt, unless it be so agreed; but the acceptance of such a note, and the siimultaneous surrender of that in lieu of which it is given, are necessarily conclusive of the fact that'it was given and received in payment. 16 Johns. Reo. 273:12 Johns. Rep. 409; 1 Dane's Ab. 126.
It is said, if the debts have been paid by the executors, they stand in the place of the creditors, and are entitled to sell for their own indemnity. It cannot be denied that a trustee who advances his bwn money, before sale', to pay the debt of his principal, may make the trust fund available to himself for his indemnity. In this case, however, the executors had the control of an ample personal estate, including the proceeds of the land 'sold by them under the will, to pay the debts. If it has become a matter of account between executors and heirs, this personal estate must be first accounted for. What has become of it? Why have the executors not applied it to discharge the debts? They -ought not to be allowed to appropriate other parts of the estate before this has been accounted for. The land devised to be sold for the payment of debts is in equityregarded as personal estate. I Har. & Gill 96.
A full and satisfactory account has not been taken ; the auditor has refused to charge the executors with the amount of the inventory of the testator's estate, made out by themselves, and returned to the orphan's court and this, under the pretext that the property therein inventoried and appraised, never came to the possession of the exe-

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Peter v. Beverly.]
cutors. This is at variance with the evidence in the cause, and the act of the executor- ; who, in their settlements in the orphan's cotirt, have charged themselves viih Htie s u e properiy. The act of 1798, ch. 101, requires executors and aduiniisratours to relurnl itiventories only of propeuty whicihdoes come to their possession ; and such return is prima facie evidence against them. .' The inventory is the basis bf the admi nistration account the act requires, in terms, .4iat the executors shall be charged with the amount of it ;they. mu'st discharge themselves.
The auditor has also refused to charge the executo'rs with the notes taken by them of the purchaser of Dulin's farm, sold underthe authority in the will ; alhhough it is made manifest that the money secured by those notes, has. been lost by their gross negligence. Near five'years were sufllired to elapse, after the notes had fallen due, before any step was taken to enforce the payment of .the money ; a suit was then brought against the drawer, but no suit was ever instituted against the sureties ; the remedy against them was voluntarily abandoned by the "executors. .They re chargable with. the amount of the notes and interest to the period of their maturity ; from that day the amount mnust be taken to be assets in hand for the payment of debts. 3 Johns. Ch. Rep. 552'; 4 Johns. Ch. Rep. 284; 1 Har. & Gill 88 ; 2 Brown's Ch. Rep. 156; 5 Ves. 839 ; I IWend. Rep. 361.
It has been said, die executors are not chargeable with the personal estate, because the testator has chaiged his ieal estate with the payment of his debts, and thereby exewpted the pc'rzonal estate, and given it to his f(tnily.. The. personal estate is tlif primary fund for the payment of debts, and must be first applied In order to exempt it, the testator must express his intention .o that eff--.ct: it . . not sufficient merely to charge the ical ectate ; he must show expressly his intention to be, that the personal estate htiAl obt be applied in discharge of his debts. I Brown's Ch.'Rep. 144; 1 Chi. Ca. 296.
There is nothing in the will of the testator to support the construction of the opposite counsel. The real estate is charged only to aid in the speedy payment of the debts, but the personal.estate is not exempted, either direetly or indirectly.
The auditor has not only refused to debit Iie executors with the -precedi.ng charges, but lie has allowed then credits which can be suslailted nieir!tlr by like evid ce or law: in his account, th(n exe-

SUPREME COURT.
[Peter v. Beverly.]
cutors are credited by the sum of 5809 dollars; being, as he says, the estimated amount of taxes on the real estate of David Peter, from his death in 1812 to 1829. That such taxes became due, and have been paid, is proved ; but by whiom, and out of what fund, paid, is not proved. It was not the duty of the executors, or even proper for them to pay such charges, and more particularly' while debts were outstanding and unpaid : it is not, therefore, to be presumed, that this sum was paid from the personal estate and by the executors.
They have also been credited by the sum of 6000 dollars, alleged to have been expended by them in the maintenance of Mrs Sarah Peter's family ; and hins has been done without any evidence that the executors ever expended one cent for any such purpose.
The income of their estate is the proper fund for the education and maimtenance of heirs, during their minority. The law indicates this ; and guardians are not permnitted to exceed it without necessity, and then, only with the sanction of the judge of the orphan's court. Acts of Assembly, 1785, ch. 80, sec. 9-1798, ch. 101, sub. ch. 12, sac. 10; 2 Har. & Gill 126.
The testator, in his will, sets apart the indome of his estate for this very purpose ; the executors had no right to exceed it : if they have done so, they should show that necessity required it; that the orphan's court sanctioned it ; and that they actually expended tle money for the purpose. They show neither : this credit ought not to be allowed. I Har. & Johns. 227 ; 8 Mass. Rep.
If the account be remodelled, and the principles contended for be admitted, it is apparent that the executors in 1816 were in possession of abundant means, at pleasure, to pay all their testator's debts ; it was their duty to apply the assets to that purpose, and save the estate from the accumulation of interest. Whether they applied the money to their own use, or only neglected to apply it properly, is of no consequence ; they are chargeable with the interest. If they have suffered the debts to stand unpaid, and have, themselves, subsequently- paid them, with itierest, they ought not to be allowed in their account for the interest so paid ; it was created by their neglect, and they should bear the burthen thenselves: all discouints and interest paid after the year 1816, and credited by the auditot', oughit to be disallowed.
The surviving executor is equally chargeable with the others he joined in the return of the inventoiies : that fact shows hitn in possession of the propeLty included in them ; it was not oniy his

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Peter v. Beverly.]
right,.but his duty, to retain that possession and apply it to the purposes of the estate. Dick. 356 ; 1 Russ. & Mylne 64.
He joined also in the sale of the land, and in the- receipt for the cash paid, and notes given for the purchase money ; and although the money may have been paid to another,-yet he is responsible. Prec. in Ch. 173.
Coxe followed on the same side.
Mr Sergeant in reply It is argued on the part of Beverly and others 1.. That there was no debt due to either of the banks, nor any other debt due by the estate of George Peter, for which it was proper, lawful and necessary to make a sale of lite real estate. The inquiry then is, was there a debt due to the Bank of Columbia, and to the Bank of the United States. This is the first branch of the question. It is not denied or disputed that at the time of the decease of David Peter, debts were due to both those banks.. Have those debts been paid ? For their payment provision was made by the will; a trust accompanied with a power to sell particular portioIs of the estate, was created by it. The proof of the payment of the debts lies on those who now seek to obtain the estate of the testator, aud to restrain the executor from selling the same for their payment. Unlil payment, the debts remain a lien on fle trust; and nothing cart affect the lien but a failure of the trust, or a failure of power to execute it. Have the complainants in the circuit court proved that these debts have been paid ? They do not pretend that an actual payment has
been made. It is well known to them that the executors never had the means of payment ; and this is ainnifest friom the accounts which were exhibited to the anditor, and which are in the record.
But, without even an allegation of actual. paynient of the debts, an attempt has beei made to show a constructive payment: and while the surviving executor would, by the success of this effort, reniain personally liable for the debts, and the whole of his private estate will be absorbed ; the estAte of his testator, David Peter, will be enjoyed by his devisees.
The discharge of the estate of the testator from the debts due at the time of his decease to the banks, is asseited, and claimed, because

SUPREME COURT.
[Peter v. Beverly.]
the notes given by him were surrendered to the executors, and their. private notes given to the banks in lieu of them.
"The acceptance of a negotiable note for an antecedent debt, will not extinguish such debt, unless it is expressly agreed that it is received as payment.' Spencer, Justice; in James v. Hackley, 16 Johns. Rep. 278. It was expressly agreed in this case, that the surrender of the notes should not be so considered ; and the parties interested always acted in the spirit of the arrangement. It -was known to Mr Beverly, that the debts to the banks continued, and had not been paid. In his correspondence he refers to the payment of a part of the funds of the estate to the discharge of the discounts, and to the peculiar liability of Mrs Peter for some part-of the. debt, by notep, given by her. This is also proved by evidence in the case ; and in a bill filed by Mr Beverly in 1821, the debts are stated to be unpaid. In support of the position that giving up a note is not an extinguishment of a debt: cited, Arnold v. Camp, 12 Johns. Rep.
409 ; 16 Johns. 298 ; Glen v. Smith, 2 Gill & Johns. Rep. 493. The legal, presumption is, that it is not an extinguishment of a
.pre-existinig debt; but there are cases where the court vill intend it to have been in satisfaction of such a debt. Arnold v. Camp, 12 Johns. 409; Cheever v. Smith, 15 Johns. 276 ; James v. Hackley, 16 Johns. 273.
Has the principle any application to the case before the court? The contrary is arserted, and the record furnishes abundant evidence to.support the assertion. Every one interested in the estate knew the real situation of the case. The whole of the resources were insufficient to support Mrs Peter, as she was authorizet to claim to be supported by the will; and the executors had no neans to pay the debts. The family of the testator were maintained, and Mr Beverly resided in the family mansion, after his marriage with one of the children. He was well acquainted With the affairs of the.estaie, and acted in reference to them.
·The executors were always creditors of the estate. In 1814 the
estate owed the execulors 9148 dollars and 40 cents. li 1821 the balance due them was 24,131 dollars and 10 cents. The report of the.auditor fully establishes the fact, that the 6state was always indebted to them ina large anint. Upon his report, 11,539 dollars and 61 cents were due tojiIent, exchsive of the bank debts. if these estimnates are denied; it will still be admitted that, in any-form of' stating the accounts, the.v were creditors.

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Peter v. Beverfy.)
It was perfectly consistent with-the trust in the executors, to make the arrangements they did for the postponemel'It of the bank debts: .and they did it in good faith. The' bank, to give time, required notes from the executors individually: aud notes were accordingly given. But the agreement was also made, that the banks were to continue their claim on the trust. The equity is therefore against the extinguishment asserted.
There are collateral proofs that this was the a'rangement. Tle discounts paid are charged to the estate, and the cOst of a protest is charged. Beverly always admitted the charge for discounts on the notes, after the original notes had been given up. - The first objection ever brought forward, was presented on filing the exceptions to the master's report. It is, ii fact, ti ordinary case.of putting vouchers in the hands of the trustee, under a special agreement. Cited, 2 GilI & Johns. 510.
2. But suppose the facts were that the estate of David Peter was no longer indebted, to the banks.; that by the surrender of his notes, and taking the private notes of, the executors, they were no longer creditors of the estate: would the debt be thereby extinguished! It would only be transferred; and would be, and remain until paid by the estate, due to- the executors. In equity, they would be the creditors of the estate; and would be entitled to the benefits of the security in the will. .The surviving executor would still b6 a trustee; and have all the rights over the estate to provide, by its sale, for the satisfaction of the debts which were originally given by the will. To the authorities cited, may be added Greiner's case, 2 Watts's Reports 414.
The executor agrees that the original creditor shall still have the security. This he has a right to do; and no one can interpose to prevent his carrying this purpose into effect. There is a plain equity in favour of this.
But there is a further equity in this case, supporting all that has been urged for the consideration of the court. It answers also the second point made by the appellees. That point is, that if any balance is due to George Peter, as stated in the auditor's report, it is made up of charges arising since the date of the will', not embraced in the provisions thereof for the payment of the same; and therefore that the real estate of the testator is not liable to be' sold for the payment of that debt.
The facts stated in this proposition are not sustained. There voL. x.-3u

SUPREME COURT.
[Peter v. Beverly.]
never was in the hands of the executors, or under their control, the means of paying the debts. After making the provision for Mrs Peter, the whole, and more than the available means of the estate, were consumed. The debts due the executors grew out of advances made for the estate, for taxes, expeinses and interest.
Who are the parties before the court? The executor, and the only remaining creditors on one side ; and the children of the testator, his legatees, on the. other. It is the duty of the executor to execute the will ; and, independently'of the creditors, he had no other law,to regulate his action, and no other powers but those given by the will. Creditors may defeat the purpose of the testator, and control the action of the executors ; but in this case they submit to it, and ask the executor to perform his trust.
What then is the will which the executors were to execute? What are its provisions ?
1. As to a portion of the personal property, which was not to be appraised or valued. This amounted to 4552 dollars; and was part of the personal estate in the dwellinghouse at Georgetown; and was given to Mrs Peter.
2. Certain specified portions of real estate, and personal est,."e on part of it, are set apart for the payment of debts.
3. All the rest of the estate is given for the maintenance Of the family of the testator, and for the maintenance of the children.
Such a will may be wise, or it may be unwise, but it is a good will and lawful ; and it is the duty of an executor to execute it if he can. The power to do so depends on the creditors; and they have agreed; they take the trust, and ask its performance. Can the legatees object to this ? If they do, they object not to the pro-
ceedings of the eiecutor, but to the direction of the testator. The testator marshalled the assets. The will has been executed in the spirit, and according to the directions of the testator. The will made the real estate personal estate.
If it shall be said that the estate has not been administered according to law ; it, is. answered, that they have not administered it as the'law would have required of them if there had been no will: but they have conformed to the will in the administration ; and this the creditors, now before the riourt, have permitted them to do.
The family !ave every part of the estate but that Which is now claimed by the creditor, and by the executor, to pay the debts ; and now they want this because they have had tile rest. They would

J1 NUARY TERM 1836.
[Peter v. Beverly.]
leave the creditors unpaid, and would deprive the executor of all his property ; obliging the creditors of their parent to take his estate for the satisfaction of debts, which, by the will of their parent, were to be paid out of his estate.
Against the claim of the surviving executor, a claim founded on his assumption of the debt of their father, the appellees, his legatees, would now plead the statute of limitations !
The creditors now ask to have the fund provided by the testator, applied to the payment of their debts. This is resisted 1y the children of the testator, The equity of the claim is too plain to admit
of a doubt. It is altogether unnecessary here to'inquire what would be the
effect of the executors having misapplied the other funds of the estate. They have not done so. The evidence ; the true purpose and intent of the will ; and the report of the auditor, clearly prove this. But if they had done so, on whom ought the loss to fali It ought not to fall on the creditors, or upon their fund. Their forbearance should not be visited by such a penalty. There is no construction of thewill which will sustain such a suggestion. The purpose of the will was to designate and set apart a portion of the estate for the payment of the debts of the testator. The will gives the executors a power to sell those portions of the estate to satisfy the debts.. It creates a trust; Sugden 392, 393 ; and equity will not 'permit the trust to fail for want of a trustee. In this case, it survives to the present executor, the appellant. Not being a naked power, but one created far a special and expressed purpose; being a trust; it will not be permitted to fail. Cited Wilmot 23; Williams on Executors 626, 627.
The construction of the will which is asserted for the appellant is strongly supported by the judgment of the court of appeals of Maryland. 4 Gill & John. Rep. 328, 329.
Upon the exceptions to the auditor's report, Mr Sergeant argued: as to the first and second exceptions, the property in the inventories was not sold, nor eptverted to the use of the creditors. It remained with MrsPeter and her family, and remains still with them. Are the amounts of the inventories of that property to be charged to the executors, who never received any of the property; or to the creditors, by whose forbearance the family of the testator was permitted to enjoy it? These observations also apply to part of the matter in the.fourth and fifth exceptions.

SUPREME COURT..
[pater v. Beverly.]
Iti.s denied that, on'the part of George Peter, the appellant, there was ever a neglect of duty. It does not appear that at any time until the filing of the amended bill in this case, it was ever alleged or mentioned. It is now brought forward, after. one of the executors is dead, and'his papers have been destroyed ; and after Mrs Peter's death. It is now charged against the only surviving executor, and who did not at alny time take any other part in the business of the estate, but collecting rents ; and who never appropriated a dollar of the estate to his own use.
In reference to the charge of neglect in not collecting the balance of the debt from the Dulin farm; no imputation of this kind can be sustained.: It mig!t well be-supposed that the pr6"'erty sold was a security for that balance and the purchaser had -acquired no title. The necessity of suing out the notes is not admitted, for the executors might have thought their recovery doubtful ; or have thought a suit unnecessary. But as to this, there is f clear protection from personal liability by the executors, as they put the claim into the hands of counsel; and Mr Beverly was well acquainted with the whole proceeding.
As to the seventh exception, the auditor, in giving the credit complained of in it, was perfectly right. Vouchers, sufficient, under the circumstances of the case, and considering t-he nature'of the expenditures, were furnished to support the credit. Of the eighth exception it may also be said, that the vouchers were such as ought to have satisfied and did satisfy.the auditor. -It coul4 only be by an estimate of the family expenses of Mrs Peter, that the auditor could arrive-at any particular sum. For such expenses r'eceipts are not kept. -The decision of the auditor on the amount is sufficient to sustain it.
The.exceptions which go to the rejection of the debts for bank curtailments, and the payment of the discounts on the notes, cannot prevail ; either if -th debt was set down by the estate to -the banks, Or to the executors. There were no means of miaking these payments, in th.: hands of the executors, derived from the estate; and the funds must therefore have been provided. out of their private means.
Mr Sergeant wen( into a particular statemeni of the accounts of the executors, for tWe purpose of answering the twelfth exception: and contended, that the auditor was right in rejecting the'statelient and account presented by the appellees; and refusing to charge the executors as charged by them.

JANUARY TERM 1836.

557

[Feter v. Beverly.]
He contended, that no fair account could be made, which would not show a balance in favour of the executors to a very large amount. To prevent this balance, there are but two ways of stating the account. One, to apply certain inapplicable rules to the conduct of the executors, which, when thcy ought to apply, are very well: the other, to invoke and apply the statute of limitations. One mode makes the executor pay what the legatees have had, whai the family has subsisted upon; the other deprives the creditors of what they ought to have had.
It is said they had no right to apply the personal 'estate to the support of the family of Mrs Peter, and to the education of the children. That this was not a lawful course of administration.
This position is true, to a great extent, where there is no will; but even in such a case, the rule is not universal. Some allowance is always to be made, and is always made. So it may be trie, when the will does not contain a-provision to the contrary.
A mere charge of the real estate with debts, does not, it is said, discharge the personal estate; and the counsel for the appellees have cited cases to show this. Be it so; for in the case before the court it is of no moment. It is sufficient, if there be an intention of the testator declared in the will, that the personal estate shall_.be applied for 'the benefit or for the use of his family. If this has been done, the family cannot complain. 2 Conn. 681. We have in this case 'the plain and evident purpose of the testator, declared in his will ; and no more is required.
As to the attempt to set up the statute of limitations. This course is of doubtful morality ; and in the record, there is sufficient to show that Mr Beverly cannot set it up. He was himself the cause of the delay, and many of the acts of the executors were direfted by him; and he had in charge a portion of the estate, during a part of Ite t'me since the decease of the testator. In 1,827, by a bill filed by him, he acknowledges the existence of the debts, and he says nothing of the statute.
But it is'unnecessary to dwell on these matters, as the statute of limitations has no application to the case.
The statute does not run in case of a trust; this is such a case: and if it was required for the protection of the claims of the appeljants, there has been a continual acknowledgement up to this day. It has never been denied that the staiute does not run in case 'of a trust. 2 Ves. & Beam. 278. But admitting this to be a trust in

SUPREME COURT.
[Peter v. Beverly.]
England, it is denied to be so here. Has any authority been produced to sustain this denial ? and it would require the gravest authority to support it. But the direct contrary can be maintained by authorities. These will be found in Sugden 111, 165, in a note.
But what is a trust? It is, quoad hoc, distinct from a mere power to be exercised or not. In this case there was a fund set apart, and subjected to a power for payment of debts. Is it not then a trust in the executor, and a fund to which the creditor trusted ? The debt fastens to the fund, and continues till the trust is executed.
As to the remark about the trustee connecting himself with the cestui que trust; Sugden 224 ; it means that the trustee shall not buy any of the estate.
Is there any reason for enjoining the appellant not to sell ? The decree is repugnant to itself. It establishes the title of the appellant to relief, and then denies all relief.
Mr Justice THOMPSON delivered the opinion of the Court. This case comes up on appeal from the circuit court of the District of Columbia for the county of Washington. The bill was filed by the appellees in the court below, to enjoin the appellants from proceeding to sell certain lots of land in the city of Washington, belonging to the estate of David Peter, for the payment of debts alleged to be due to the Bank of Columbia, and the Bank of the United States. David Peter made his will bearing date the 30th of November 181.2, and shortly thereafter departed this life; and by his will he declares and directs as follows: "It is my intention that the proceeds of all my estate shall be Vested in my dear wife Sarah Peter for the maintenance and educa.tion of my children. "I wish all my debts to be as speedily paid as possible; for which purpose I desire that the tract of land on which Dulin lives, together with all personal property thereon, may be sold and applied to that purpose; and in aid of that, as soon as sales can be effected, so much of my city property as may be necessary to effect that object. "I desire that no appraisement or valuation shall be had of any part of the property attached to my dwellinghouse. "I desire that my sons shall receive as good educations as th'e country will afford, and my daughters the best the place can furnish." And he apppointed his wife Sarah Peter, his brother. George

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Peter v. Beverly.]
Peter, and .his brother-in-lw Leonard H.- Johns, the executrix and executors of his will; of whom George Peter is the only survivor.
The bill charges that George Peter; the surviving executor, under colour of the directions in the will, was about to sell that part of the real estate of David Peter which lies in the city of Washington, and has actually offered the same for sale at public auction. The bill further charges, that there came to the hands of the executors personal estate of the said David Peter to the amount of more than 25,000 dollars. That they had sold the Dulin farm for 20,688 dollars 90 cents to George Magruder, in the year 1813, and received one-third of the purchase money, and took for the balance, divided in equal sums, two promissory notes, one payable the 1st of January 1815, and the other the 1st of January 1916 one indorsed -by Patrick Magruder and the other by Lloyd Magruder: That the purchaser, George Magruder, was put into possession of the farm, and still holds it; and that the notes given for the balance of the purchase money have been lost by the negligence of the executors. The complainants deny the existence of any debt, due from the estate of David Peter to the said banks, or either of them ; or any other debt, whatsoever, for the payment of which it is either necessary, proper or lawful for the said George Peter to sell the said city lots. And the bill prays-that the executor may fully account for the real and personal estate of the said David Peter, and show how the same has been disposed of; and that the banks may be required to produce the notes or other evidence of their pretended debt, and* prove the sarwe ; and praying an injunction to restrain the said George Peter, and his agents, frorh selling or in any way disposing of, or incumbering the real estate of the said David Peter in the District of Columbia: concluding with a prayer for general relief.
The itijunction was granted : and, on the coming in of the answer, was ordered to be continued until the final hearing of the cause.
The answer of George Peter, the surviving executor, alleges that. the principal management of the business of the estate was assumed by his co-executors; that believing Johns fully competent, and that he would attend to the business in a way best calculated to promote the interest of his sister and her children, he left it to them to settle the estate, and to collect and dispose of the proceeds thereof, and provide for the support and education of the children, a8 they might think best; and that all this Was well known to the complainant Beverlv, who married the eldest daughter of the testator in the. year

'560

SUPREME COURT.

[Peter v. Beverly.] .
1819. That le and his wife lived with her mother until within a year or two of her death.
That the debts due to the banks had been continued by renewed notes, from time to time, drawn and indorsed by the executors, in compliance with the rules of the banks; and with the understanding that such arrangement was to continue as long as the banks were willing to indulge the estate, or until the executors should be able to make sales for the payment of those debts:' that this arrangement was well understood by Beverly and all the children, who were old enough.to understand any thing of their affairs; and was often talked of by Beverly and Ramsay, who always spoke of the estate as liable to the banks for these debts. The surviving executor, to the charge of neglect, in relation to the balance of the purchase money for (he Dulin farm ; alleges that Magruder, the purchaser, was sued upon the notes given for the balance, and became insolvent. That an ejectment was brought to recover possession of the land that it might be re-sold, no title having been given for the land, but only a bond for a deed, according to the terms of the sale. That the ejectment was removed to the court of appeals in Maryland, where he believes it is still pending. That if there was any neglect or delay in irecovering this land, it was the fault of the complainant Beverly ; who undertook to attend to it, being then agent for the estate.
The. answer of the banks refers to the answer of the surviving executor for the facts stated, in relation to the arrangement between the executors and the banks ; which it is averred was entered into to save the estate of the testator from a sacrifice, and to continue the .accommodation. That the executors and the banks, and the agents of the banks, one of whom wds the complainant Beverly, always so understood it, and looked to the trust estate as still liable to the banks. They exhibit statements showing, the situation of the debts at the death of the testator, and the various renewals by the executors afterwards, in their private calpacity, with the various payments which had been made, and showing the balance now due..
An amended bill was aiterwards filed, calling for an account of other moneys alleged to have been received by the executors ; and charging more particularly negligence in the executors in not having sued the indorsers of the notes of Magruder for the balance of the purchase money of the Dulin fain, and the loss- thereof by reason of such neglect.
To this amended bill, the surviving executor answers, stating his

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Peter v. Beverly.]
knowledge and belief respecting the moneys for which he is called upon to account, denies the negligence imputed to him, and avers that if there was any negligence it was that of the complainant .Beverly, who, being interested in the estate and being a lawyer, undertook to attend to the recovery of the balance of the purchase money. That the indorsers were in very doubtful circumstances; that the land was considered by all parties interested as sufficient security for the balance of the purchase money; and that the counsel of the executors advised the resort to a re-sale of the land as the best remedy for the recovery of such balance ; and for that purpose an ejectment was brought to recover the possession, and a bill in chancery filed in Maryland under the direction and superintendence of Bevely ; and tlhat if any negligence occurred in the prosecution of these suits it was attributable to him.
The cause was referred to the auditor to take and repoit an account of all sums of money received by the executors from the real and personal estate respectively, and of the sums paid by them in the due course of administration; arid of any other sums paid by them for the maintenanance of the family and the education of the children; stating them separately. The auditor reports a large balance. due the' executors, allowing them for the maintenance of the family and the debts paid by them. To this report the complainants excepted, and- the exceptions were overruled: and at the March term of the circuit court in 1835, a final decree was entered confirming the report of the auditor, and decreeing a perpetual injunction. From this decree of a perpetial injunction, the defendants in the court below appealed ; and from so much of the decree as confirmed the report of the auditor, the complainants appealed; and upon these cross appeals the cause comes here for review.
In examining the various questions which have been made in this case, the most na'tural order seems to be to consider, in the first place, the will of David Peter. Upon this depends, in a great measure, the rights of the banks as creditois of the estate, and the rights, duties and responsibilities of the executois ; and particularly those which devolve upon George Peter, the surviving executor.
David Peter died ii tfim year 1813, shortly after nmking his will, leaving his widow with-a family of five children, two daughters amd thr'ee sons, the eldest about Ihirteen years of age, livinhg in case amid supposed afllttence, as appyea's, not oily from the pleadimgs and proofs in the case, but as 14111y to be iifeted frowm the proviioms made Ir
VOL. X. 3 V

SUPREME COURT.
[Peter v. Beverly.]
them by his will, and the disposition made of his property. His primary-object seemed to be that his family should remain together, and live as they had been accustomed to live. And he 6ccordingly, in the first place, directs that the proceeds of all his estate should be vested in his .wife, Sarah Peter (who is made one of his executors), for the maintenance and education of his children. He directs, that no appraisement or valuation, should be had of any part of his property attached to his dwellinghouse, and that his sons should receive as good educations as the country would afford, and his daughiers the best the place could furnish. The family accordingly remained together, except Mrs Beverly, and were maintained and educated according to the directions of the will, until the death of the said Sarah Peter, in the. year 1825. The testator directed his debts to be paid as speedily as possible; and for that purpose declared, that the tract of land on which Dulin lived, together with all the personal property thereon, should be sold, and applied to the payment of his debts; and in aid of that, as soon as sales could be effected, so much of his city property as should be necessary for the payment of his debts.
The testator had a right unquestionably, so- far as respected his chiidren, to charge the payment of his debts upon any part of his estate, real ur personal,. as he might think proper, and most advantageous to his family. And if the creditors were willing to look to the fund so appropriated to that object, no one would have a .right to counteract or control his will in that respect. And he having thought proper to constitute his widow the trustee of the proceeds of all his estate, for the maintenance and education of his children, thereby vesting iti her an unlimited discretion in this respect, so far as the proceeds of his estate would go; the surviving executor is not accountable for any thing applied- by her for that purpose, not even if she would be-cliargeable with a devastavit. For it is a well settled rule, that one executor is not responsible for the devastavit of his co-executor, any farther than he is shown to have been knowing and assenting at the tinid to such devastavit or misapplication of the assets: and merely pcrmitting his co-executor to possess the assets; withont going farther, and concurritlg inl the application of them; does not render hiLi answerable for the receipts of his co-executor. Eachi excoutor is liable only for his own acts, and what he receives and applies, unless he joins in the direction and misapplication of the assels. Cro. Eliz. 348 ; 4 Ves. 596 ; 4 Johns. Ch. 23 ; 19 Johns. Rep. 427.

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Peter v. Beverly.]
It is not intended to intimate that there was any devastavit or waste of the estate by Mrs Peter. There is, indeed, no pretence in the bill of any misapplication of the estate, by her or any other of the executors ; and for the very purpose for which the proceeds of the estate were vested in her, to maintain and educate a family of young children, it was necessary to clothe her with. a large discretion ; and for this reason the testator directs, that there should be no appraisement or valuation of any part of his property attached t6 his dwellinghouse. The proceeds of all his estate being vested in his widow, would render it necessary, independent of any express direction in the will, that recourse should be had to the real estate for the payment of his debts.
And this leads, in the next place, to the inquiry, whether George Peter,.the surviving executor, has authorit.y to sell the lots in the city of Washington.
With respect to the Dulin.farm, no doubt can exist. The testator gives -positive directions for that farm to be sold, and the proceeds applied to the payment of his debts. The executors in the sale to Magruder only gave a bond for a deed: the title was not to be given until the purchase money was all paid; and that not having yet been done, no title has been conveyed, and it yet remains subject to be applied to the payment of debts; and a resale is necessary in order fully to carry into effect the will of the testator. It is a well settled rule in chancery, in the construction of wills as well as other instruments, that when land is directed to be sold, and turned into money, or money is directed to be employed in the purchase of land, courts of equity, in dealing with the subject, will consider it that species of property into which it is directed to be converted. This is the do)ctrine of this court in the case of Craig v. Leslie, 3 Wheat. 577; and is founded upon the principle, that courts of equity, regarding the substance, and not the mere form ofcontracts and other instruments, consider things directed, or agreed to be done, as having been actually performed. But this principle may not perhaps apply in its full force and extent to the city lots. They are not posilvely directed by the vill to be converted into money; but the sale of them was contingent, and only in aid of the proceeds of the Dulin farm, if a sale of them should become necessary for the payment of debts. But independent of this principle, thereis ample power in the surviv'img execulor to sell. We find, in the cases decided in the English courts, and in the elementary treatises on this subject, no little confusiov, and many nice distinctions.

SUPREME COURT.
EPeter v. Beverly.]
The general principle of the common law, as laid down by lord Coke, (Co. Lit. 112, b) and sanctioned by many judicial decisions, is, that when the power given to several persons, is a mere. naked .power to sell, not coupled with an interest, it must be executed by all, and does not survive. .But when the . power is coupled with an interest, it may be executed by the survivor. 14 Johns. Rep. 553 ; 2 Johns. Ch. 19.
But the difficulty arises in the application of the rule to particular cases. It may, perhaps, be considered as the better conclusion to be drawn from the.English cases on this question, that a mere direction, in a will, to the executors to sell land, without any words vesting in them an interest in the land, or -creating a trust, will be only a naked power, which does not survive. In such co se, there is no otie who has a right to enforce an execution of the power. But when any thing is directed to be done, in which third persons are interested, and who have a right to call on the executors to execute the power, such power survives. This becomes necessary for the purpose of effecting the object of the power. It is not a power coupled with an interest in executors, because they may derive a personal benefit from the devise. For a trust will survive though no way beneficial to the trustee. It is the possession of the legal estate, or a right in the subject over which the power'is to be exercised, that makes the interest in question. And when an executor, guardian, or-other trustee, is invested with the rents and profits of land, for the sale or use of another; it is still an authority coupled with an interest, and survives. I Caines's Ca. in Er. 16 2 Peere Wins.
In the American cases, there seems to be less confusion and nicety on this point; and the courts have generally applied to the construction of such powers, the great and leading principle which applies to the construction of other parts of the will, to ascertain and carry into execution the intention of the testator. When the power is given to executors, to be executed in their official capacity of executors, and there are. no words in the will warranting the conclusion, that the test'ator intended, for safety or.some other object, a joint execution of the power ; as the office survives, the power ouglit also to be construed as surviving. And courts of equity will lend their aid to ulphold the power, or the purpose of carrying into execution the intention of the testator, and preventing the consequences that might result from an extinction of the power: and where there is a trust, charged upon the executors in the direc-

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Peter v. Beverly.]
tion given to them in the disposition of the proceeds, it is the settled doctrine of courts of chancery, that the trust does nottbecome extinct by the death of one of the trustees. It will be continued in the survivors, and not be permitted, in any event, to fail for want of a trustee. Thip is the doctrine of chancellor Kent, in the case of Franklin v. Osgood, 2 Johns. Ch. 19, and cases there cited; and is in accordance with numerous decisions in the English courts. 3 AtW. 714; 2 Peere Wins 102. Arid is adopted and sanctioned by the court of errors in New York, on appeal, in the case of Franklin v. Osgood. And Mr Justice Platt, in that case, refers to'a class of cases in the English courts, where it is held, that although, from the terms made use of in creating the power, detached frori other parts of the will, it might be considered a mere naked power to sell; yet, if, from its connexion with other provisions in the will, it clearly appears to have been the intertion of the testator, that the land should be sold to'execute the trustq in the will, and such sale is necessary for the purpose of executing such trusts, it will be construed as creating a power coupled with an interest, and will survive. This doctrine is fully recognized by thd supreme court of Pennsylvania, in the case of the Lessee of Zebach v. Smith, 3 Biiney 69. The court there considered it as a settled point, that if the authority to sell is given to executors, virtute officii ,asurviving exechtor may sell and that the authority given by the will, in that case, to the executors to sell, was to them in their character of executors, and for the pur,pose of paying klebts, an object ·which is highly favoured itthe. law. I Althdugh the clause in the will now under 'consideration, does not name the executors as the persons' who are to sell the land, yet it is a power vested in them by necessary implication. The land is to be sold for the purpose of paying. the debts, which is a duty devolving, upon the executors ; and it follows, as a matter of course, that the testator intended his executor's should make the sale, to enable them to discharge the duty and trust of paying the debts. Mr Sugden, in his Treatise on Powers, page 167, on the authority of a case cited from the year books, lays it down as a general rule, that when a testator directs7 his land to be sold for certain purposes, without declaring by whom the sale shall be made, if the fund is to be distributed by the executors, they shall have, by implication, the power to-sell. And this is the doctrine of chancellor Kent, in the case of Davoux v. Fanning, 2 Johns. Ch. 254. The wi.ll, in that case, as in this, directed the real estate to be sold for ccrt'ailr put poses therein speci-

SUPREME COURT.
[Peter v. Beverly.]
fled, but did not direct expressly by whom the sale should be made; and he held, as lord Hardwicke did in a case somewhat similar, I Aik.. 420, that it was a reasonable construction, that the power was given to tile executors ; that it. was almost impossible to mistake the testalor's mcaning on that point. So, in the present case, it is impossible to draw any other conclusion, than that it was the. testator's intention, that. the sal,e should be made by his executors. Jackson v. Hewitt, 15 Johns.. 349,is a case very much in point, on both questions. - That. the power in this case, is coupled with an interest, and survives, and that by implication, it. is to be executed by the surviv-. ing executor. The testator, say the court, in that case, directed that in case of a deficiency of his personal estate to pay his debts, some of his real estate should be sold, without natmiug by whom and one of the executors only undertook tiLe exccution of the will, and sold the land ; and the court. held, that this was a power coupled with an interest, and might be executed by one of the executors, it being a power to sell for the payment of debts.
It. has been thought proper to dwell a little more at large upon the construction of this Nvill, and tile powve r given to the executors to sell, t1~n would :have been deemed necessary, had it not been supposed andurged at the baT, that the court of appeals in Maryland had given a different construction to the will than the one we have adopted. This ill was brought under the consideration of that court, in the ejectment suit for the recovery of the Dulin farm already referred to (4 Gill & Johnson 323); and it is true, the court does say that the power given in the will to sell is a mere naked power. But this was not the main point before the court. The questi6n seemed to turn upon the demises in. the declaration, and whether the legil estate in the land was- in Mrs Peter andher children, so as to enablethem to maintain an-action of ejetrnent. As the clause in the will directing a sale of the land, did not direct it to be made by the executors, it became a question whether the'executors had that power by implicati6n; or whether it was a case coining Within the Maryland law of,1785, which provides, that if a person shall die leaving real or personal. estate to be sold for the payment of debts, or other purposes, and shall not appoint a person to sell and convey the property, the chancellor shall have the power to appoint a'trustee for that purpose. And the court seemed to think, the will now in question came within that provision. I But this .case, however respectable the authority may be, cannot be admitted to control the decision in

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Peter v. Beverly.]
the case now before the court,.where the lands in question lie in the city of Washington : and we entertain a very decided opinion, that the power to sell given by this will, is a power coupled with an interest, which survives, and may be executed by the surviving executor.
The next inquiry is, whether there is any subsisting debt due from the estate of David Peter to the banks. It is contended on the part' of the compiainants in the court below, that this debt has been extinguished, by the notes given by the executors ; and no longer remains a debt due from tie estate. There is no pretence that these, debts have, in point of fact, been paid : and if not, the trust has not. been' executed, and the land still remains charged with it. If the executors have paid the debt to,.the banks, or the banks have accepted their notes in payment in place of the notes of the testator, so that the executors became the debtors, and personally responsible to the banks; the only effect of this is, that the executors became the creditors ot the estate instead of the banks, and nmayresort to the trust fund to satisfy the debt. 2 Peere Wrs 664, note ; 7 Har. & John. 134; 4 Gill & Johns. 303; 2 Pick. 567.
But there is no ground for considering the debt of the banks extinguished. David Peter, at the time of his death, was largely indebted to these banks upon indorsed notes discounted by them: and to prevent these notes friom lying under protest, an arrangement was made between the banks and the executors to substitute notes drawn by Sarah Peter, and indorsed by Leonard H. Johns and George Peter and the notes of David Peter were retired by this substitution, and passed as credits to the executors in the orphan's court as paid, when in truth 'and ii fact they were not paid. The substitution of the notes o f the executors was only by way of renewal,, and to comply with the rules of the banks ; and thus to continue the debts by the indulgence of (lhe banks, until the executors should be able to make sales for the payment of them, without any intention or understanding b# any of the pxrties, that the substituted notes were offered or received as.payment of the debts. That such was the arrangement made respecting these debts, and so understood by Beverly at least, is established by the most clear and satisfactory evidence; and there is good reason to believe, that this was well understood in time family by all the chi'ldren who were of an age sufficient to understand- the business and concerns of the estate. This arrangement under such circumstances, cannot, in any manner, be considered an extinguishment of the debt. The law on this subject is well settled, and the

SUPREME COURT.
[Peter v. Beverly.]
principle well and succinctly laid down in the case of James v. Hackly, 16 Johns. 277. -Itis, say the cou rt, a settled doctrine, that the acceptance of a negotiable note for an antecedent debt, will not extinguish such debt, unless it is expressly agreed that it is received as payment. It isunnecessary in the present case to carry the principle so far as to say there must be an express agreement for that purpose, in order to operate as payment; but the evidence must certainly be so clear and satisfactory, as to leave no reasonable doubt that such was the intention of the parties. And the rule'to this extent is settled by the most unquestioned authority. 11 Johns. 513; 14 John. 404; 2 Gill & John. 493; 7 Har. & John. 92.
In the original bill, the complaint against the executors for'not having collected the balance of the purchase money, can hardly be considered a charge of negligence ; and much less of that gross negligence. which ought to make the executor personally'responsible. It barely alleges, that this balance ought to have been received if the executors had only lsed reasonable diligence in regard to the collection. But after the answer and explanation of the executor to this charge came in, an amended bill was filed, charging the executor with gross negligence in ihis-respect. This seemed to be an after thought, and rather a stale allegation. But the answer and explanation of the executor, uncontradicted in any manner, fully exonerates the executors frofi all culpable negligence. Magiuder was prosecuted for the balance of the purchase money : he became insolvent, and no further payment could be obtained from him. An ejectment was.brought to recover possession of the land, that it might be again sold : the cause was tried in the county dour't, and removed to the court of appeals, where the judgment was reversed' and a procedendo awarded. This business was principall.y under the care and direction of the complainant, Beverly : and if there wrs any Want of due diligence in prosecuting the suit, it is chargeable to him, and. not to the executor. And belsides, the executor in the whole of this business acted under the advice of counsel, -which shvows satisfactorily that he acted in entire good faith, and would go very far to exonerate him from the charge of negligence, even if there were circumstances leading to a contrary conclusion. 2 John. Ca. 376.
From this view of the case, we are satisfied that the direction in the will of David'Peter to sell a portion of his real estate for l)aynent of his debts, created a power coupled with an interest that survives. That the surviving executor is, by necessary implication, tie person

JANUARY TERM 1836.
[Peter v. Beverly.]
authorized to execute that power and fulfil that trust. That the debt due the banks has not been extinguished, by the notes substituted by the executors as renewals in the bank, or the estate of .the testator in any-way discharged friom the payment of the debt. That the executors are not chargeable with negligence or misapplication of the personal estate, that ought to render them personally. responsible for these debts : and that no reason has been shown why satisfaction of these debts should not be had out of the lands appropriated by the testator for that purpose.
It remains only very briefly to notice the exceptions which were filed to the report of the auditor: and most of these have been disposed of by the, principles laid down in the foregoing opinion. It is .proper here to observe, that from thereport of the auditor upon the accounts exhibited by the executors and allowed byhim, there has at all times been and now is a considerable balance in favour of the executors against the estate.
With respect to the first and second exceptions, it ist.rue that the auditor has not charged the executors with the inventories ; and lie ought not, according to the principles upon which he makes his statement: the object of the reference to him being to ascertain, whether the executors were indebted to the estate, or the estate to them: and for this purpose he examined the several statements made by the executors with the orphan's court, and extracted from them the several sums received and paid by them. In the account with the orphan's court, the executors are charged with the amount of the inventory of the personal estate, both in the District of Columbia and in Maryland ; and as far as any proceeds of the personal estate came into the hands of the executors, they are charged in the statement of. the auditor: but they are not charged with what the widow and heirs retained in their hands, and f6r-theiir own use ; and this was' correct, according to the provisions in the will, for the maintenance of the family and the education Of the children.
The 4552 dollars, mentioned in the third exception, were properly omitted in the statement of the account against the executor.. Itwas a portion of that part of the estate which was put into the hands of the widow, attached to the dwellinghouse, and with respect to which the testator directed that no appraisement or valuhtion should be made. . The fourth and fifth exceptions relate to the notes taken from Magruder for the balance of the purchase imoney of the Dulin farm.
VOL. x.-3 w

SUPREME COURT.
[Peter v. Beverly.]
The executors, as has been already shown, are not chargeable with those notes. No negligence is imputable to them, which ought to make them personally responsible. No title has been given for the farm, and it may yet be resorted to for payment of this balance of the. purchase money.
The auditor has properly given credit to the executbrs for the taxes on the real estat6. There is no suggestion that the taxes were not due, and paid by somebody. The amount appears tohave been paid according to the account of the register; and it is fairly to be presumed that they were paid by the executors, although no regular vouchers are produced for such payment. This may be accounted for, in some measure: at least, by the circumstances stated in the answer of George Peter, of the destruction by fire of the books and accounts of his co-executor, Leonard H. Johns; who had the principal management of the estate.
The allowance of 6000 dollars for the expenses of the tamily for twelve years, must certainly be a very moderate charge. It was a proper subject of inquiry for the auditor, and there is no grounds upon which this court can say the allowance is exceptionable. From the nature of the expenditure for the daily expenses of the family, it could hardly be expected that a regular account would be kept; and especially under the large discretion given by the testator in his will in relation to the maintenance of his family.
The amount paid by the executors for the curtails and discounts on the notes running in the banks, were properly allowed to their credit. These were debts due from the estate; and whatever payments were made were for and on account of the estate.
These are all the exceptions taken to the report of the auditor, and we think they were all properly overruled by the court below. Butthe court erred in decreeing a perpetual injunction.:
The decree of the circuit court must accordingly be reversed, the injunction dissolved,-and the bill of the complainants dismissed.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the District of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington, and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, it is ordered, adjudged and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said circuit court in this cause be, and the same is hereby reversed and annulled. And

JANUIARY TERM 1836.

571

(Peter v. Beverly.]
this court, proceeding to render such decree as the said circuit court ought to have rendered in the premises, doth order, adjudge and decree, that the injunction in this cause be, and the same is hereby dissolved; and that the bill of the complainants be, and the same is hereby dismissed; and that this cause be, and the same is hereby remanded to the said circuit court, with directions to said court to carry this decree into effect.

JANUARY TERM 1836.
THOMAS STANLEY, APPELLANT V. JOHN GADSBY, ALEXANDER M'INTYRE AND GEORGE CONER, EXECUTORS OF JAMES WALKER DECEASED, AND JAMES RHODES.
A filed a bill in the circuit court, for an injunction to prevent the sale of property by a trustee, to whom it had been conveyed to secure the payment of a sum of money borrowed by him at usurious interest. The money borrowed had not been repaid: and the bill sought no discovery of the usury from the defendant, but averred that the complainant would be able to prove it by competent testimony. The circuit court dismissed the bill. Held, that the decree of the circuit court was correct.
This is substantially an application for relief from usury; and the consequence of granting the injunction would be relief upon terms at variance with the rule of equity, so fully recognized at this term of the court, in the case of Brown v. Swann et al.: that he who seeks the aid of equity to be delivered from usury, must do equity by paying the principal and legal interest upon the money borrowed. The complainant does not offer to do so in this bill. This is essential to every such application in a court of equity : first, to give the court jurisdiction" and to enable the chancellor, if he thinks proper to do so, to require the payment of principal and interest before the hearing of the cause. The relief sought in such cases is an exemption from the illegal usury. The whole inquiry on the hearing, is to establish that fact; aid to give relief to that extent. Whenever a complainant does not comply with the rule, by averring in his bill his readiness or willingnes to pay principal and interest, he can have no standing in a court of dquity.
ON appeal from the circuit court of the United States for the District of Columbia, in the county of Washington.
This was a bill filed in the circuit court, by the appellant, against the executors of James Walker, praying for an injunction on a trustee, to prevent his proceeding to sell certain real estate, conveyed to him to secure the payment of a sum of money loaied to the complainant ; and for relief against an alleged usurious contract.
The circuit court dismissed the bill. The case is fully stated in the opinion of the court.
The case was submitted to the court without argument, by Mr Swann, for the appellants; and by Coxe, for the appellees.
Mr Justice WAYNE delivered the opinion of the Court, This is an appeal from the circuit court of the United States for the District of Columbia, and for the county- of Washington.
VOL. x.-3 q

SUPREME COURT.
TStanley v. Gadsby.]
The complainant alleges, that he borrowed a sum of money from James Walker, at usurious interest; and that to secure the payment of it he executed a deed of trust upon his house and lot, in Washington, to the defendant, James Rhodes; in which he covenanted, if default should be made in the repayment of the loan at the stipulated time, that the trustee, Rhodes, shall, upon the request of said James Walker, or his executors, administrators or assigns, sell the premises to the highest bidder, and convey the same to a purchaserin fee simple: notice of the sale being given, of the time of sale, in the way mentioned in the deed of trust. He further complains, that the executors of Walker have directed Rhodes to proceed to a sale of the house and lot ; that he had advertised them for sale: and *he atdmit, that he had not repaid the money borrowed. The complainant seeks no discovery of the usury from the defendant ; but avers that. he will be able to prove it by competent testimony, and waives all penalties, to which he may be entitled, to arise out of this transaction. He prays for an injunction to prevent the sale of the property by the trustee, until the question of usury shall be decided at law: but does not ask the court to aid in any way as auxiliary to any case pending at.law.
This then is substantially an application for relief from usury; and the consequence of granting the injunction would be relief upon terms at variance with the rule of equity, so fully recognized at this term of the court, in the case of Brown v. Swann et al. : that he who seeks the aid of equity, to be relieved from usury, must do equity by paying the.principal and legal interest upon the money borrowed. The complainant does not offer to do so in his bill. This is essential to every such application in a court of equity: first, to give the court jurisdiction, and to enable the chancellor, if he thinks proper to do so, to require the paymentof principal and interest before the hearing of the cause. The relief sought in such cases is an exemption from the illegal usury. The whole inquiry on the hearing is to establish that fact, and to give relief to that extent. Whenever then a complainant does not comply with the rule, by averring in his bill his readiness or willingness to pay principal and interest; he can have no standing. in a court of equity.
The decree of the circuit court is affirmed.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript.of the record

JANUARY TERM 1836.

523

[Stanley v. Gadsby.]
from the circuit court of the United States for the District of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington, and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, 'it is decreed and ordered by this court, that the decree of the said circuit court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed with costs.

