JIANUARY TERM, 1837.
THE UNITED STATES, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR V. THE SHIP GARONNE, WILLIAM SKIDDY AND OTHERS, CLAI-MANTS.
THE U&ITED STATES, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR V. THE SHIP FORTUNE, VASSE MANUEL, CLAIMANT.
Certain persons, who were slaves in the state of Louisiana, were by their owners taken to France as servants; and after some time, were by their own consent sent back to New Orleans; some of them under declarations from their proprietors that they should bp free; and one of them, after her arrival, was held as a slave. The ships in which these persons were passengers, were, after arrival in New Orleans, libelled for alleged breaches of the act of congress of April 2.0th, 1818, prohibiting the importation of slaves into the United States. Held, that the provisions of the act of congress do not apply to such cases. The object of the law was to put an end to the slave trade, and to prevent the introduction of slaves from foreign countries. The language of the statute cannot properly be applied to persons of colour who were domiciled in the United States; and who are broughtback to their place of residence, after their temporary abse.nce.
APPEALS from the eastern district of Louisiana.
The French ship Garonne, from Havre, and the ship Fortune, also from Havre, were libelled by several proceedings by the United States, at New Orleans, in the district court of the United States, January, 1836, under the provisions of the first section of the act of congress, passed April 20, 1818, entitled "an act, in addition to an act, to prohibit the introduction of slaves into any port or place, within the jurisdiction of the United Siates, from and after the first day of January, 1808, and to repeal certain parts of the same."
The ship Garonne had arrived in New Orleans about the 21st of November, 1835; having on board a female, Priscilla, who had been born a slave in Louisiana, the property of the widow Smith, a native of that state, and resident in New Orleans. Mrs. Smith and her daughter being in ill health, went from New Orleans with her family, in 1835, to Havre, taking with her, as a servant, Priscilla; having previously obtained fro*m the mayor of the city a passport for the slave, to prove that sh had been carried out of the state, and that she should again be admitted into the same. Priscilla being desirous of returning to New Orleans, from Paris, was sent back on board the
VOL. X.-K

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Skiddy.]
Garonne, under a passport from the charge des affaires of the United States, in which she was described as a woman of colour, the servant of a citizen of the United States. On the arrival of the ship, the baggage of the girl was regularly returned as that of the slave of Mrs. Smith.
The facts of the case of the ship Fortune were as follow: Mr. Pecq~iet, a citizen of New Orleans, went to France in 1831, taking with him two servants, who were his slaves; as was alleged in the testimony, with an intention to emancipate them. They remained with the family of Mr. Pecquet, in France, for some time, and returned to New Orleans at their own instance, in the ship Fortune, in 1835, as was asserted, as free persons. The passport of the Ameri.can legation, represented these females as domestics of Mr.-Pecquet, of New Orleans, a citizen of the United States. After their return to New Orleans, it did not appear that they wer( claimed or held by the agent of Mr. Pecquet, or by any person, as slaves; but no deed of emancipation for either of them had been executed. On the arrival of the Fortune, in the list of passengers which was certified under the oath of the captain, these persons, by name, were stated to be the slaves of Mr. Pecquet. The declarations of Mr. Pequet that these persons were brought back as free, and that it was his intention that they should be free, were in evidence.
The district court of Louisiana dismissed both the libels, and the United States prosecuted these appeals.
. The case was argued by Mr. Butler, attorney-general, for the United States; and by Mr. Jones, for the defendants.
Mr. Butler stated, that in the case of the Garonne the question was presented whether a slave who had been carried' out of the United States by a master, could be afterwards brought back to the United States.
The words of the statute are, that "it shall not be lawful to import or bring, in any manner whatsoever, into the Unitea States," &c., " any negro, mulatto, or person of colour," with irtent to hold, sell, or dispose of "such persons as a slave, or to be held to service or labour." .
It is not claimed that the United States have, under the constitutional power1 "to regulate commerce," a right to interfere with the

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[United States v. Skiddy.] regulations of states as to slaves. The powers of congress apply to foreign commerce.
The words of the statute are- "import" or "bring," and the case stated in the proceedings is fairly within the law. The persons were brought into the state of Louisiana as slaves, and are here held as such. If the words of the statute comprehend the case, the Court will aply them; and they will not be restrained-from doing so'by the supposition that the case to which they apply was not intended by congress.
In the case of the ship Fortune, the attorney-general argued, that there was error in the decree of the district judge in dismissing the libel of the United States, on the ground that as the persons of colour brought into New Orleans were free, the act of congress was not violated. This was not the issue. The allegation on the part of the United States is, and the evidence establishes that persons of colour were brought into the United States by the ship Fortune, and that they were to be held to service or labour, either as slaves or otherwise. In either case the law is broken, and the penalties are incurred by the ship.
It is not necessary to show that the persons were held as slaves after their arrival in New Orleans. Were they brought into the United States as slaves? This is established by the list of passengers sworn to by the captain of the ship. After naming them, he states, "these two negresses are slaves of Mr. Pecquet, and are sent to New Orleans by their master." In the United States v. Gooding, 12 Wheat. 460; 6 Cond. Rep. 572; it was decided that the declarations of the mastr.r of a ship in the transactions of the vessel, being a part of the res gestm, are competent evidence of the v6yage. The declaration Pi the master in this case was in the course of his duty. If the persons were brought to the United States, not as slaves, but to be held to service or labour, the case is the same.
If the construction given by the district court of Louisiana Is maintained, the act of 1807, to wb:ch this is a supplement, will be -defeated. The objects and purposes of that law were to prevent any persons of colour being brought into the United States, to be held to service or labour. If evidence of intention is to acquit, the raw will be null. The question is whether not having made-the persons brought in the vessel free, the intention only to emancipate them will operate to defeat the law. Suppose the intention of the owner, or his instructions to his agent not carried into effect, how would the

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Skiddy.]
case stand? Could not the persons have been sold as slaves after their arrival? Would the intention to emancipate them give a substantial claim to freedom?
Congress had power to pass this law. They may have thought that if an owner of slaves carried them to a foreign country, he ought not to be allowed to bring them back.
Mr. Jones, for the claimants of the Garorme, and for the claimants of the Fortune.
The government ot the United States has 'no right to interfere with the property of the owners of slaves; nor was it the object of the law on which these proceedings are founded, to do so. The persons who were brought in the Garonne, were slaves in Paris; and when they returned,. they came to a domicile they had never lost. Sojourning in France, did not deprive them of their domicile. The case may be illustrated by supposing a Maryland gentleman shall take his slave with him when travelling, into Virginia. He cold not, according to the principles contended for by the United States, bring him back. But this is a misconception of the law. It was intended to apply to persons brought from foreign countries, and who were so imported for the purpose of their being slaves. Its whole application is to the slave trade. To prohibit the return of slaves from a foreign country, to which they may have accompanied their owners, is a direct interference with the rights of those owners; and is against the constitution of the United States.
But if these views of the case left it in any doubt, the whole of the case of the Fortune shows that the persons of colour brought from Havre, were free. They had been discharged from slavery liy their master, and were entitled to be emancipated. In a'court of equity, their claim to freedom could have been substantiated. All' the facts of the case, exclude the supposition that they were to be held to service or labour.
Mr. Chief Justice TA.xFY delivered the opinion of the Court. These two cases are appeals from decrees of the district court for the eastern district of Louisiana, upon libels filed by the district attorney, against these said ships, their tackle, apparel, and furniture; for alleged breaches of the act of congress of April 20, 1818, (vol. 6. 325) prohibiting the importation of slaves into the United States. In the case of the ship Garonne, the facts were admitted by the

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[.United States v. Skiddy.] parties in the court below, and are in substance, as follow: Priscilla, a person of colour, born in Louisiana, was a slave; the property of the widow Smith, who was a native of the same state. Mrs. Smith, and her daughter, Madame Couchain, being in an ill state of health, left New Orleans with her family for France, in 1S35, taking with her as a servant, the abovementioned girl. Priscilla being desirous of returning to New Orleans, Mr. Couchain, the son-in-law of Nlrs. Smith, through the intervention of a friend, procured for her a passage in the ship Garonne from Havre to New Orleans; and since her arrival at that place, she has lived at the house of Mrs. Smith, and is held as her slave.
Upon this statement of facts, the question is presented whether Mrs. Smith, a resident of Louisiana, going abroad, and sojourning for a time in a foreign country, and taking with her nne of her slaves as an attendant, may lawfully bring, or send .her back to her home, with intent to hold her as before in her service. It does not appear from the evidence, or admissions in the case, whether the laws of France gave the girl a right to her freedom up6n her introduction into that country. But this omission is not material to the decision. For even- assuming that by the Frehch law'she was entitled to freedom, the Court is of opinion that there is nothing in the act of congress under which these proceedings were had, to prevent her mis-, tress from bringing, or sending her back to her place of residence; and continuing to hold her as before, in her service.
The object of the law in question was to put an end to the slave trade; and to prevent the introduction of slaves into the United States, from other countries. The libel in this case was filed underthe first section of the act, which declares, "that it shalf not be lawful to import or bring in any manner into the United States or territories thereof, from any foreign kingdom, place, or country, any negro, mulatto, or person of colour, with intent to hold, sell, or dispose of such negro, mulatto, or person of colour, as a slave, or to be held to service or labour;" and then proceeds to make the vessel liable to forfeiture, which shall be employed in such importation. The language of the law above recited, is obviously pointed against the introduction of negroes or mulattoes who were inhabitants of foreigncountries, and cannot properly be applied to persons of colour who are domiciled in the United States, and who are brought back to their place of residence, after a temporary absence. In the case before the Court, although the girl had been staying for a time in

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Skiddy.] France, in the service of her mistress; yet ii. onstruction of law, she continued an inhabitant of Louisiana, and her return home in the manner stated in the record, was not the importation of a slave into the United States; and consequently, does not subject the vessel to forfeiture.
If the .construction we have given to this section of the law needed confirmation, it will be found in the exception contained in the fourth section of the law in relation to persons of eolour, who are "inhabitants, or held to service by the laws of either of the states or territories of the United States." This st-ction prohibits our own citizens, and all other persons resident in the United States, from taking on board of any vessel, or transporting from any foreign country or place, any negro or mulatto, " not being an inhabitant, nor held to service by the laws of either of the states or territories of the United States." Under this section, the mere act of taking or receiving on board, the. coloured person, in a foreign country, with the intent to sell, or hold such person in slavery, constitutes the offence. But inasmuch as Priscilla was an inhabitant of New Orleans, and held to service by the laws of Louisiana, if the captain of an American vessel had taken her on board at Havre, for the purpose of transporting her to Louisiana, there to be held in slavery, it is very clear that by reason of the exception abovementioned, the act of receiving her in his vessel for such a purpose, would have been no offence; while the taking on board of a negro or mulatto, who was the inhabitant of any other country, would have been a high misdemeanor, and subjected the party to severe punishment, and the vessel to forfeiture. It would be difficult to assign a reason for this discrimination, if the persons of colour described in the exception, could not be brought to this country without subjecting the vessel to-forfeiture; and the exception made in this section, in relation to those who are inhabitants, or held to service by the laws of either of the siates or territories of the United States, proves that congress did not intend to interfere with persons of that description, nor to prohibit our vessels from transporting them from foreign countries back to the United States.
The principles above stated decide also the case of the United States v. the ship Fortune. We think there is enough in the record to show that the persons of colour therein mentioned, were sent to New Orleans, the place of their residence, for the purpose of being there manumitted, and not to be held in slavery. But it is unneces-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

79

[United States v. Skiddy.]

sary to go into an examination of the evidence on this point; because

in either case, the bringing them home was not an offence against the

act of congress, and the vessel in which they returned is not, on that

account, liable to seizure and condemnation.

Z

The decree of the district court must therefore be affirmed, in each

of these cases.

These causes came on to be heard on the transcripts of the record from the district court of the United States for the eastern district of Louisiana, and were argued by counsel. On consideration whereof), it is now here ordered and decreed by this Court, that the decree of the said district courf, in each oF the causes be, and the same is hereby affirmed.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
JAMES M'BRiDE, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR V. THE LESSEE Oy WILLIA-. HoEY.
Jurisdiction. The Supreme Court has no power under the twenty-fifth section of the judiciary act of 1789, to revise the decree of a state court, when no question was raised or decided in the state court upon the validity or construction of an act of congress, nor upon the authority exercised under it, but on a state law only.
IN error to the Supreme Court of the western district of the state of Pennsylvania.
An action of ejectment was instituted by the lessee of William Hoey against James M'Bride, the tenant of William Clarke, in the common pleas of Mercer county, to recover a tract of land in that county. The plaintiff obtained a verdict; and judgment on the same was rendered by the court; and the case was carried by writ of error to the supreme court of the western district of Pennsylvania, where the judgment was affirmed.
To that court, as the highest court of law of the state, this writ of error was prosecuted, under the provisions of the twenty-fifth section of the judiciary act of September, 1789; theplaintiff in error claiming the exercise of the jurisdiction of this Court, on the allegation that an act of congress has been misconstrued by the supreme court of Pennsylvania.
The plaintiff in the ejectment, in the common pleas of Mercer county, exhibited a regular title derived under the laws of the state of Pennsylvania, subjecting unseated or unoccupied lands to sale for taxes left unpaid by the owner of the land. These laws give to the owners of such lands a right to redeem them within two years after the sale; by payment or tender, to the county treasurer, of the taxes for which the lands were sold, with twenty-five per.cent. in addition. In the courts of Pennsylvania, construing the laws of that state, it has been decided that no one but the owner of the land, or his agent can be permitted to redeem lands so sold.
The defendant, in th6 ejectment, as the tenant of William Clarke, alleged a redemption of the lands by a tender of the amount of the taxes, with the addition of twenty-five per cent.; and claimed

SUPREME COURT.
[M'Bride v. Hoey.]
that William Clarke, who had made the tender, was the owner of the land, -underthe following circumstances:
The same tract of land had, he alleged, been sold for taxes due to the United States under the authority of the acts of congress laying direct taxes, and had been purchased by Mr. Clarke at the sale made under the afithority of these acts.
The defendant offered in evidence a deed, executed on the 3d of July, 1821, by Theophilus T. Ware, designated collector of United States direct taxes, said to be for the tract of land in controversy. This deed was admitted, as prima facie evidence of the matters stated in it. The plaintiff in the ejectment then proceeded to prove, and did prove, that the tract of land alleged to be conveyed by the deed had never been legally assessed for the United States direct taxes, and that the assessments were void. This evidence completely invalidated the deed frori the United States collector to Mr. Clarke; and this effect of the evidence was not controverted by the defendant. He, however, contended, that being in possession, and having the deed from the designated collector of the United States direct taxes, he had such sufficient prima facie evidence of a title to the land, as to authorize him to redeem the same from the tax sale made under the lhws of Pennsylvania.
The court of common pleas instructed the jury that " the plaintiff, William Hocy, having shown that he has purchased this tract of land accordingto law, at a treasurer's sale, and the plaintiff haiing shown that defendant's deed is illegal for want of authority in the United States collector to make such sale, we instruct the jury, that the defendant has no right to interfere to defeat a regular and legal sale by the treasurer of the -county to William Hoey. An invalid title, cannot defeat a good, ldgat, and'valid title."
The counsel for defendant in error moved to dismiss the writ of error, for a want of jui-isdiction in this Court to entertain the same.
The plaintiff in error had-submitted the following points for the consideration of the Court!
1st. That, whatever be the intrinsic merits or defects of Mr. Clarke's title, as. derived from the authority and laws of the United States; and whether the officers of the United States had, in the detail of their operations, preliminary to the collector's sale,srictly followed

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

169

[M'Bride v. Hoey.] the directions of the.acts of congress or not; he had, prima facie, such a title and interest, derived from the authority and laws of the United States, as qualified him to be recognised by the county treasurer as the person properly representing the proprietary interest in the land, until the nullity of his title shoula have been judicially, ascertained and adjudged, in some course ofjudicial procedure, directly drawing the validity of his title in question: that so long as the only person entitled to dispute his right, acquiesced in it, or forbore to set up any adversary claim, he was entitled to be treated by all third persons as the true owner: that, how defective soever his title--bs against the original proprietor, he had nevertheless acquired an actual interest in the property which he had a right to protect by discharging the taxes imposed on it by the laws of the state; and further, that, though he may have come into the title by wrong, yet being in, he was privy in estate to the original proprietor, and so entitled, and perhaps legally or morally bound to protect the interests of both against forfeiture or alienation for legal defaults.
2. That in every view of his claim or title to the property, of the incidental interests and rights appertaining to it, and of the relations in which those interests and rights placed him to the county treasurer, the whole rested upon the construction and effect of statutes of the United States, and upon the validity of an authority exercised under the United States: all which matters are drawn in question in the judgment pronounced by the supreme court of Pennsylvania, and decided against the validity of such authority, and agains. the title, right, and privilege claimed by the defendant in the original action under such statutes and authority: therefore, such judgment may be properly re-examined in this Court, under the authority of the 25th
section of the judiciary act aforesaid.

Mr. Peters and Mr. Pearson for the motion. This is not a case for the jurisdiction of. this Court. The whole
question decided* in'the common pleas of I\ercer county, was one which did not involve, in any manner, the construction of an act of congress, or a. provision of the constitution of the United States. The supreme court of Pennsylvania, in affirming the judgment of the common pleas, did no more than had been done by the inferior court.
The decision of the courts of Pennsylvania is, that the defendant in
the ejectment, the plaintiff in error in this Court, had no regular title VOL. XI.-Y

SUPREME COURT.
[(M'Bride v. Hoey.]
which could interfere with the plaintiff's regular title, derived under the laws of the state. The title of the defendant was a deed, which he himself admitted to be invalid, lie relied only on the prima facie operation of a void deed; shown to be void by testimony, and acknowledged to be so by him. He asserted, that although such was the charactef of the deed, it gave, him a right to redeem the land; and because the court thought differently, the case is brought up to this Court, on the ground that an act of-congress has been misconstrued. In stating this claim of jurisdiction, its insufficiency is fully shown.
The only question before the courts of Pennsylvania was upon the xight of William Clarke to redeem the land, holding an admitted void deed. This was a question for the courts of Pennsylvania, and for those courts only, between citizens of that state.
Had either of the parlies been citizens of another state, other questions might have been presented. The construction of the tax laws, and as in the case of The Lessee of Wolcott v. Hept urn, in 10 Peters, Rep. the construction would have been examined.
The principles which regulate this question of jurisdiction were decided at.the last Court in Crowd v. Randal, 10 Peters, 386. In that case the Court reviewed, at large, all the previous decisions of the Court on questions of a similar character with this now for consideration.
The decision of this 'case, when before the supreme court of Pennsylvania, is reported in 2 Watts' Reports, 436. The construction of an act of congress, as is fully shown by the report of that case, was no where drawn in question. This is necessary to give jurisdiction on a writ of error from this Court to a state court. It must appear that an act of congress has been drawn in question, and has been misconstrued. Until the case was brought into this Court, the plaintiff in error had not invoked the aid of any act of congress; nor had he called on either the court of common pleas, or, the supreme court of Pennsylvania, to give a construction to any such act. It was treated as a Pennsylvania question, arising under the Pennsylvania tax statutes; and it was decided according to the decisions of the Pennsylvania courts, on the construction of those laws.
Mr. Anthony opposed the motion. He contended, that the plaintiff in error derived his title under an act of congress. The tax sale was made under a law of the United States. Having a prima facie title by his deed, he had a right to redeem; and by the refusal

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

171

[M'Bride v. Hoey.] ,f the court to give this value to the deed, the United States law was'violated, or set at nought. The object was to show, that with this deed, and possession of the land, he should have been allowed to redeem the land from the tax sale under which William Hoey claimed. A mere possession of lands gives a right to redeem, 8 Cranch, 249; 7 Wheat. 59.
The courts of Pennsylvania having decided that the plaintiff in error, having this deed, had not right to redeem, does not this present a question within the jurisdiction of this Court, holding under a deed executed under a law of the United States? The construction of this title under the law, comes into question; not whether the plaintiff in error had a right to hold the land, but whether he had not a right to redeem it. A person having a colour of title may redeem. The effect of the deed was brought before the court; anct this places the case within the rules of this Court as to the provisions of the 25th section of the judiciary act of 1789. Cited 1 Wheat. 304, 357; 6 Cranch, 286; 3 Wheat. 208; cited also 6 Smith's Laws of Pennsylvania, 301.

Mr. Chief Justice TANEY delivered the opinion of the Court. This case comes befoie the Court on a writ of error, directed to the judges of the supreme court of Pennsylvania for the western district. The material facts in the case may be stated in a few words; William Hoey, the defendant in error, brought an action of ejectment in the court of common pleas of Mercer county, for the land in question; claiming under a deed from Aaron Hakney, treasurer of the county, upon a sale made for taxes due on the said land to the state of Pennsylvania. This deed is dated October 14, 1822. The defendant offered in evidence a deed to him from Theophilus T. Ware, collector of the United States direct taxes, for the 10th collection district of the state of Pennsylvania, dated July 3, 1821; and also offered evidence, that on the 10th of June, 1824, he .had paid to the treasurer of the county the taxes due on the land to the state, and for which it had been sold, as above stated, in order to redeem it. It appears from the exception, that the defendant admitted that the sale made by the United States collector, was not warranted by the act of congress, and that the deed was invalid. But although the deed was inoperative, and did not convey the title to him, yet as he was in possession.under this deed, claiming title, and the deed upon

SUPREME COURT.
[M'Bride v. Hoey.] the face of it purported to convey the land to him; he insisted that the deed, coupled with the possession under it, was sufficient evidence of"title to authorize him to redeem the land, within the time F.nited for redemption by the laws of'Pennsylvania, after a sale ior state taxes; and that having paid the taxes within that time, the title of the lessor under his deed was defeated.
The court of common pleas gave judgment in favour of the plaintiff; and the case being removed by writ of error to the supreme court of Pennsylvania for the western district, the judgment of the court of common pleas was there affirmed.
The statement of the case shows, that the question upon which the case turned, and which was decided by the supreme court, depended entirely upon the laws of Pennsylvania; and not upon the act"of congress. The question brought before the state court, and there decided against the plaintiff in error, was this. Is a person in possession of land in Pennsylvania, claiming title to it, under a deed, which upon the face of it appears to be a good one, but which is inoperative and invalid,' entitled to redeem the land after it has been sold for taxes due to the state; so as to defeat the title of the purchaser under the state law? It is evident that such a question must depend altogether upon the laws. of the state, and not upon any'law of the United States. The exception states that the plaintiff in error admitted that the sale and conveyance made by the United States collector was not warranted by the act of congress, and that his deed was invalid. No question was raised or decided by the court, upon the validity or construction of the act of congress, nor upon the authority exercised under it. The only question raised or decided in the state court was the one above stated; and upon such a question, depending altogether upon the state laws, this Court have no power to revise the decision of the state court, in this f9rm of proceeding. The writ of error must therefore be dismissed.
On consideration of the motion made in this cause yesterday, and of the arguments of counsel thereupon had, as well in support of, as against the motion; it is now here considered, ordered and.adjudged by this Court, that this writ of error to the supreme court of Pennsylvania for the western district be, and the same is hereby dismissed for the want ofjurisdiction.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
Bu1GEss POOLE AND OTHERS, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR v.'THE LESSEE OF JOHN FLEEGER AND OTHERS.
The plaintiffs in the circuit court of West Tennessee, instituted an ejectment for a tract of land held under a Virginia military land warrant, situate south of a line called Mathews' line, and south of Walker's line, the latter being the established boundary between the states of Kentucky and Tennessee, as fixed by a compact between these states, made in 1820; by.which compact, although the jurisdiction over the territory to the south of Walker's line was acknowledged to belong to Tennessee, the titles to lands held under Virginia military land warrants, &c., and grants from Kentucky; as far south as "Mathews' line," were declared to be confirmed; the state of Kentucky hiving, before the compact, claimed the right to the soil as well as the jurisdiction over tlhe territory, and having granted lands in the same. The compact of 1820, was confirmed by congress. The defendants in the ejectment claimed the lanas under titles emanating from the state of North Carolina in 1786, 1794, 1795, before the formation of the state of Tennessee, and grants from the state of Tennessee in 1809, 1811, 1812, 1814, in which tbt lands claimed by the defendants were situated, according to the boundary of the state of Tennessee, declared and established at the thie the state of TennesSee became one of the states of the United States. The circuit court instructed the jury, that the state of Tennessee, by sanctioning the compact, admitted in the most solemn form that the lands in dispute were not within her jurisdiction, nor Within the jurisdiction of North Carolina, at.the time they were granted; and that consequently the titles tre subject to the compact. Held, that the instructions of the circuit court were entirely correct.
It is a part of the general right of sovereignty, belonging to independent nations, to establish and fix the disputed boundaries between their respective limits; and the boundaries so established and fixed by compact between nations, become conclusive upon all the subjects and citizens thereof, and bind their rights; and are to be treated, to all intents and purposes, as the real boundaries. This right is expressly recognised to exist in the states of the Union, by the constitution of the United States; and is guardeC in its exercise by a single limitation or restriction, only, requiring the consent of congress.
The grants under which the defendants in the circuit court claimed to hold the land were not rightfully made, because they were originally beyond, the territorial boundary of North Carolina and Tennessee; this is, by necessary implication, 'admitteA by the compact between the states of Kentucky and Tennessee.
In the ordinary course ofthings, on the trial of a cause, before a jury, if an objection is made and overruled as to the admission of evidence, and the party does not take any exception, lie ik understood to waive it. The exception need not indeed then be put in form, or written out at large and signed; but it is sufficient if it is taken, and the right reserved to put it in form, within the time prescribed by the practice or the rules of the court.
Where a will, devising lands, made in ole state is registered in another state in which the lands lie, the registration has relation backwards; and it is wholly immaterial whether the same was made before or after the commencement of a suit. VOL. XI.-2 A

SUPREME COURT.*
[Poole v. Fleeger.] In the state of Tennessee, the uniform practice has been, for tenants in common in
ejectment, to declare ini a joint demise; and to recover a part or the whole of the premises declared for, actording to the evidence adduced.
IN error to the circuit court of the United States for the district of West Tennessee.
John Fleeger and others, the defendants in error, instituted an action of ejectment, in 1832, to the September term of the circuit court of the United States, for the district of West Tennessee, to recover a tract of land containing two thousand seven hundred and twentyseven acres, lying in Montgomery county, in the state of Tennessee, and lying south of "Walker's line," the established boundary line between the state of Kentucky and the state of Tennessee, and-north of a line called "Mathews' line," which is in latitude 360 30 north; being the line which by the constitution of the, state of North Carolina was declared to be the true -northern boundary line of the state of Tennessee, and which is described as such by the charter of King Charles the 2d.
The original title of the plaintiffs in the circuit court, was a Virginia military warrant, No. 2,685, dated 3d of March, 1784, for six thousand acres of land, in favour of John Montgomery; and the. plaintiffs read in evidence the will of Frederick Rohrer, to whom a grant from the state of Kentucky, as the assignee of John Montgomery, was issued on the 24th of February, 1796.
The will of Frederick Rohrer, made, and duly admitted to probate in Pennsylvania, of which state he was t Iitizen; was not registered in the state of Tennessee, until after the institution of this suit.
The plaintiffs introduced in evidence a compact made on the 2d of February, 1820, between the states of Kentucky and Tennessee; which, after reciting that those states were'desirous of terminating the controversy which had so long existed between them relative to their common boundary, and the appointmdnt of eommissioners for that purpose, proceeds to declare; that the boundary and separation between the states of Kentucky and Tennessee shall be as follows -
ARTICLE 1. The line run by the Virgiiia qornmissioners, in the year 1779, 1780, commonly called '. Walker's line," as the same is now reputed understood and acted upon- by tho said states, their respective officers and citizens, -from the south-eastern corner of Kentucky, to the Tennessee river,. thence with and up the said river

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Poole v. Fleeger.] to the point where the line of Alexander and Munsell, run by them in the last year, under the authority of an act of the legislature of Kentucky, entitled "An act to run the boundars line between this state and Tennessee, west of the Tennessee river, approved February 8th, 1819," would cross said river, and thence with the said line of Alexander and Munsel, to the termination thereof, on the Mississippi river, below New Madrid.
ARTICLE 4. The claims to lands lying west of the Tennessee
river, and north of Alexander and Munsell's line, derived from North Carolina or Tennessee, shall be considered null and void, and claims to lands lying south of said line, and west of Tennessee river, derived from Virginia or Kentucky, shall in like manner be considered null and void.
ARTICLE 5. All lands now vacant and unappropriated by any person or persons claiming to hold under the states of North Carolina or Tennessee, east of the Tennessee river, aid north of the parallel of latitude of 36 degrees 30 minutes north, shall be the property 9 f, and subject to the disp3sition of the state of Kentucky, which state may make all laws necessary and proper for disposing of and granting said lands, or any part thereof; and may by herself or officers do any acts necessary and propgr for carrying the foregoing provisions of this article into effect; and any grant or grants she may make there'for shall be received in evidence in all the courts of law or equity in the state of Tennessee, and be available to the party deriving title under the same; and the land referred to in this article shall not be subject to taxation by the state of Tennessee for five years, except so far as the same may in the mean time be appropriated by individuals.
ARTICLE 6. Claims to land east of the Tennessee river, between Walker's line and the latitude of thirty-six degrees and thirty-minutes north, derived from the state of Virginia in consideration of military services, shall not be prejudiced in any respect by the establishment of Walker's line, but such claims shall be considered as rightfully entered or granted; and the claimants may enter upon said lands, or assert their rights in the courts of justice, without prejudice by lapse of time, or from any statute of limitations for any period prior to the settlement of the boundary between the two states; saving, however, to the holders and occupants of conflicting claims, if any there be, the right of showing such entries or grants to be invalid, and of no effect, or that they have paramount and superior titles to the land covered by such Virginia claims.

SUPREME COURT.
[Poole v. Fleeger.]
ARTICLE 7. All private rights and interests of lands between Walker's line from the Cumberland river, near the mouth of Oby's river, to the southeastern corner of Kentucky, at the point where the boundary line between Virginia and Kentucky intersected Walker's line on the Cumberland mountain, and the parallel of thirty-six der grees thirty minutes north latitude, heretofore derived from Virginia, North Carolina, Kentucky, or Tennessee, shall be considered as rightfully emanating from either of those states; and the states of Kentucky and Tennessee reserve to themselves respectively the power of carrying into grant claims not yet perfected, and in case of conflicting claims, (if any there be,) the validity of each claim shall be tested by the laws of the state from which it emanated, and the contest shall be decided as if each state respectively had possessed the jurisdiction and soil, and full power and. right to authorize the location, survey, or grant, according to her own rules and regulations.
ARTICLE 8. It is agreed that the foregoing articles shall receive the most liberal construction for effecting the objects contemplated; and should any disagreement arise as to the interpretation, or in the execution thereof, two citizens of the United States, but residents of neither Kentuck~r or Tennessee, shall be selected, one by the executive of each state, with power to choose an umpire in -case of disagreement, whose decision shall be final on all points to them submitted.
ARTICLE 9. Should any further legislative acts be requisite to effectuate the foregoing art. -les and stipulations, the faith of the two states is hereby pledged, that they will unite in making such provisions, and respectively pass such laws as may be necessary to carry the same into full and complete effect.
This treaty was ratified by acts of the several legislatures of the states of Kentdcky and-Tennessee in .1803.
The plaintiffs also proved that the legislature of Tennessee had by several acts, recognised Mathews' line as being in the position of 36 degrees 30 minutes north, and that, according to observalions made by commissioners appointed by the governor of Tennessee, Walker's line was about eight statute miles north .of the true meridian of 3.6 degrees 30 minutes. They proved that the land in controversy was to the south of Walker's line, and between it and Mathews' line, and that Mathews' line was run conformably to the observations of the commissioners.
The defendants objected to the introduction of the will of Fre-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
(Poole v. Fleeger.]
deriek Rohrer, as evidence; 1st, upon.the ground that the probateand certificate were not such as to authorize its registration in this state; 2d, upon the ground that said will was registered in Tennessee since the institution of this suit, and more than twelve months after the death of the testator; and therefore could only take effect from the date of registration. -But these objections were overruled by the court, and the will was read to the jury by the, plaintiffs, a. evidence of title.
The defendants proved that all the, lands in their possession lie south of Walker's line, from a half to two miles distance.
The defendants likewise objected to the evidence of title offered by the lessors of th6 plaintiffs, upon the ground that their title was a tenancy in common, which would not, in law, support ajoint demise, and they moved to nonsuit the plaintiffs upon this ground. But their objection and motion were overruled by the court, with an intimation that the point would be considered on a motion for a new trial.
No exception to the opinion of the court in permitting the will to be read, was taken in the progress of the trial; 'nor was it stated that the right to do so was reserved. The practice of the court is -for exceptions to be taken after trial, if 'deemed necessary.
-The defendants read to the jury the following grants, to wit : No. 1629, from thd state of North Carolina. to Thomas Smith, for six hundred and forty acres, dated 27th of April, 1792." No. 1140, from the state of North Carolina to James Ross, for two hundred and seventy-four acres, dated 14th of March, 1786. No. 102, from the state of North Carolina to N. Hughes, for 316 acres, dated 7th March, 1786. A grant from the state of North Carolina to Samuel Barton, for one thousind acres, dated 9th of July, 1797. A grant from said state to Duncan Stewart, for 370 acres, dated 17th November, 1797. A grant from said state to John M'Nairy, for 274 acres, dated 6th of December, 1797.
The defendants also read the following grants from the state of Ten-
nessee, to wit: No. 913 to -John Shelby, for 320 acres, dated 6th of March, 1809; another grant from the state of Tennessee-to, John Shelby, for 100 acres, dated 8th March, 1814; a grant from the state of Tennessee to Robert'Nelson, for 800 acres,'dated 17th April, 1811; a grant from Tennessee to William E. Williams, for 80 acres, dated 6th November, 1812.
The defendants then read to the jury regular conveyances, dedu-
cing the title to themselves from the different 'grantees above men-

SUPREME COURT.
[Poole v. Fleeger.]
tioned, and proved that said grants covered their possessions respectively; except that each of the defendants whom the jury found guilty of the trespass and ejectment, in the declaration mentioned, were in possession of portions of land not covered by any grant older in date than the grant from the state of Kentucky to Frederick Rohrer, under which the lessors of the plaintiffs claim.
The defendants also proved that the different grantees abovementioned, under whom they claim, took possession of the different tracts of land contained in the grints by them read, on or about the dates of said grants; and that they, and those deriving title under them, have continued in possession of the same ever since, claiming the lands as their own.
The defendants then read to the jury the statute of Virginia, passed on the 7th of December, 1791, ch. 55, recognising and confirming Walker's line, as the boundary between that state and North Carolina. Also the act of Virginia, passed on the 18th of December, 1789, ch. 53, s. 14, 15, proposing to erect the district of Kentucky into an independent state. Also the act of congress, passed on the 4th of February, 1791, ch. 78, s. 1,2, assenting to the erection of the said district of Kentucky into an independent state, at a certain future time, and upon certain conditions. Also the compact between the states of Tennessee and North Carolina.
The defendants then proved that the states of North Carolina and Tennessee had claiined up to Walker's line as the true line of boundary between those states and the states of Virginia and Kentucky; from the time at which it was run, up to the time of the treaty between Tennessee and Kentucky, made for the settlement thereof in 1820.
The defendants also proved that the county lines of Tennessee were Walker's line on the north. That in her legislative, judicial, .and military capacity, Tennessee always claimed possession, and acted up to said line as the. northern boundary of the state. That the process of her courts ran up to said line, and were executed up to it. That all criminal acts committed to the southof said line, and north of the southern boundary of Tennessee, were tried and punished in the state of Tennessee, and not in the state of Kentucky; and instances were proved where persons put upon trial in Kentucky for criminal offences, had been acquitted, upon the sole ground that the offences were committed on the south side of Walker's line. That the inhabitants south of said line all paid taxes in the state of

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

191

[Poole v. Fleeger.] Tennessee, and not in the state of Kentucky. That they were always enrolled as militia of the state of Tennessee, and mustered as such, up to said line. That they always voted at elections in Tenfiessee as citizens thereof, and not in Kentucky. That -in fact, the state of Tennessee was in full and entire possession of all the lands lying to the south of said line, at and before the emanation-of the grant to Fredetick Rohrer, under which the lessors of the plaintiffs claim title, and from, the time of the earliest settlements that were made in that part of the country, -which took place long before the dates of the titles under which either of the parties claim. The defendants also proved, that the state of Kentucky, so far as regards the establishment of her county lines, the service of her militia, the payment and collection of taxes, the regulation of her jddicial process, and of the right to vote at elections, conformed to Walker's line , as, her southern boundary. The defendants also gave in evidence the observations made by Jefferson and Fry, and by Walker and Henderson, and those associated with them; and also proved that the latitude of Walker's line had, since the running thereof, been taken by Genl. Daniel Smith, a man of science, and who was along with Walker at the running of his line, and that the latter observation of Genl. Smith found Walker's line to be about in latitude thirty-six degrees thirty minutes. Defendants also proved that some years since the latitude had been taken by a scientific gentleman, and from the result of his observation, Walker's line was ti'o or three miles too far south. It also appeared in evidence, that Merewether Lewis,' on his return from the expedition -to the mouth of Columbia 'river, had taken an observation somewhere on Cumberland mountain, and that after taking it, h e had written a letter to some person in Kentucky, giving it as his opinion that Walker's line was too far north; and that after the reception of said letter there was much talk in the state of Kentucky about claiming to the true latitude of thirty-six degrees.and a half; but it did not appear that any definitive public act of"the state of Kentucky had been done in consequence of the reception of the information aforesaid, from Merewether Lewis; or that, so fai.as Walker's line extended west, the relative possessions and clgims of the two states had been interfered with in any way. But it did appear, that about the year 1819, shortly after the trQaty with the Chickasaw tribe of Indians, by which the lands lying in Kentucky and Tennessee, between the Mississippi and Tennessee rivers, were acquired, Kentucky sent two commissioners, Alexander

SUPREME COURT.
[Poole Y.Fleeger.]
and Munsell, to begin at a point on the Mississippi river, exactly in the latitude of thirty-six degrees and a half, and to run a line from thence east, to where the same would intersect the Tennessee river; and that said commissioners repQrted to Kentucky that they did so begin, and so run 'a line, and that the point where it would have crossed the Tennessee river, was about eleven miles to the south of where Walker's line reached said river, on the east side thereof. Walker's line never was extended further west than Tennessee river.
The court instructed the jury, that, as by the compact between Kentucky and Tennessee the boundary line of thirty-six degrees and thirty minutes north, was fixed several miles south of Walker's line, and of the land in controversy; the titles of the defendants were subject to the compact, and could only be sustained under it. That the state of Tennessee, by sanctioning the compact, admitted, in the most solemn form, that the lands in dispute were not within her jurisdtiction, nor within the jurisdiction of North Carolina, at the time they were granted; and that, consequently, the titles are subject to the condition of the compact.
After the verdict of the jury, the defendants moved the court to grant them a new trial, which motion was overruled by the court.
The verdict of the jury was in favour of the plaintiffs, on which the circuit court entered judgment. To the instructions given by the court to the jury, on the several interlocutory questions raised on the trial, and in overruling the motion for a new trial, the de-, fendants excepted; and tendered a bill of exceptions, which was signed by the court.
The defendants prosecuted this writ of error.
.A printed argument was submitted to the court by Mr. Washington, for the plaintiffs in error; and the case was argued at the bar for the defendants in error, by Mr. Catron, who also 4fibmitted a printed argument, prepared by Mr. Yerger and Mr. Forester, the counsel for the plaintiffs in the circuit court.
The argument of Mr. Washington, for the plaintiffs in error, stated, that ihe locality of the land in controversy is not disputed; it lies south of Walker's line: neither is the latitude of that line, it being thirty-six degrees and an half. It has been ascertained that Walker's line was run south of the true meridian, thereby taking

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

193

[Poble v. Fleegor.]
fromVirginia a portion of territory which properly belonged to her; and to the same extent increasing the territory of North Carolina.
The principal question in the case, is, whether Walker's line, although made correctly or not, did not become the boundary between Virginia and North Carolina; and if it did, whether the latter state had not, at the time of the inception of the title. of the plaintiffs in error, such a property to the land in controversy as was capable of transmission bythe grants under which the plaintiffs in error claim. This is contended for on the part of the plaintiffs, and alsothat this right continued down to 1820, except so far as North Carolina or Tennessee had transferred the property to individuals. The treaty of boundary was made in 1820, between Kentucky and Tennessee; and so far as the prior boundary of Walker's line was altered or-affected thereby, Tennessee might part with her dominion over this territory; but not with property in it, previously transferred by North Carolina or herself, for a full and valuable consideration, and to which titles in full form had been given.
1. Walker's line, after the demarcation, became the boundary between Virginia and North Carolina, by express and positive enactment by the former state. Act of the legislature of Virginia of December, 1791; 1 Laws of Vir. 75, ch. 55.
2. On the 7th day of December, 1791, the date of the passage of said act of assembly, Virginia still retained the sovereignty in what is now Kentucky, and had a right to dispose of the soil within that part of her chartered liniits, 6r agree as to the limits with an adjoining state.
On the 18th of December, 1789,,1 Laws of Virginia, ch. 53, page 72, Virginia passed a law authorizing the district of Kentucky to elect members to a convention to form a state government; and authorizing her to become an *independent state, with the consent of the congress of the United States; and on the 1st of June, 1792, Kentucky became, by a law of the United States, a state of the Union.
The law fixing definitely Walker's line as the boundary between Virginia and North Carolina, and which when Kentucky became a state, was her southern line, was thus established while Kentucky was a part of Virginia.
The fact, that at the time of the adoption of Walker's line by Virginia as a boundary, what is now the state of Tennessee was no part of the dominion of North Carolina, but was the territory of the
VOL. XI.-2 B

SUPREME COURT.
[Poole v. Fleeger.]
United States south of the Ohio, makes no difference in the case. Virginia fixed her own boundary when it was competent for her to "doit, without consultation with, or the concurrence of the adjoining claimant, whoever it might be; provided she did not encroach upon territory not her own; and this is admitted.
3d. Without any legislative enactment of Virginia, adopting Walker's line, that-must be considered the boundary between Kentucky and Tennessee; in 'irtue of the principles of usucaption and prescription.
The record in this case abundantly shows, that from the time at which Walker's line was run, it wag mutually recognised by Virginia and North Carolina; and, subsequently, by Kentucky and Tennessee, as the boundary between them. That the counties in those states were laid off on each side of the line, those in Kentucky, calling for it as the. southern boundary, and those in North Carolina, as the northern. boundary. That the territory on each side of the line was actually possessed by those states respectively, according to the above designation of coiunty limits. That exclusive jurisdiction was claimed and exerciged by Virginia and Kentucky on the northern side, and by North Carolina and Tennessee on the southern; and that the jurisdictions so claimed and exercised, were mutually conceded and acquiesced in. That both states, not only in the appropriation of territory, but in the settlement of inhabitants, the reputation of their citizenship, the organization of their militia, the voting at the-elections, the collection of taxes, and the administration of their laws, generally; had reference to this line as a common boundary. It is true that some claims to land situated on the south of this line, and derived under the state of Virginia do exist; but they are comparatively few, dnd without a single exception; originated either before the line was marked, or its position had become notorious. A decisive proof that many more private titles to land lying between this line and the true meridian of -thirty-six degrees and a half, emanated from North Carolina, than did from Virginia, is to be found in the fact, that by the treaty of 1820, said line was finally established, notwithstanding it was then admitted, on all hands, to have been placed in the first instance too far north; and that Tennessee was suffered to retain dominion over the space in question; and that the claims of individuals holding under her and North Carolina were sanctioned, except so far as they conflicted with older ones derived under Virginia and Kentucky, and that too for a very inconsiderable

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

195,

[Po,lc v. Fleeger.] eqtuivalent. Now, why were thege prQvisions contained in the treaty? For no other reason, it is believed, than because almost the whole of this territory had been appropriated by North Carolina ad Tennessee, and the citizens of the latter state, had a deep interest that things should remain in statu quo, and the"state itself was under obligations to maintain their rights which had been thus acquired. And for corresponding reasons, the state of Kentucky must have been willing to renounce a claim which had no legal foundation for its
support; especially, when her eng-agemenLs to her own citizens were not much concerncd in the matter; and when, at the same time, she was providing security for the most of them against the adverse titlesderived from another sovereignty.

The counsel 4or the plaintiffs in error also contended that the possession of the lands south of Walker's line, had continued so long in North Carolina and Tennessee, As to amount to a prescription.
Between nations there is no specific period during which possession of disputed territory must have remained with one of them, to constitute a title by prescription; because as between such claimants there is no supreme power to dictate to them a positive rule of action. But the principle applicable to such a case, which is derived fronm the law,, of nations, is, that possession must have endured long enough to evince a distinct acquiescence on the part of the adverse claimant in the rightfulness of the possession; and, what length of possession is necessary for that purpose, must, of course, depend upon the peculiar circumstances of each case. To give to possession such an effect, it is requisite also, that it 'hould have been held with the knowledge of the adverse claimant; for the fact of possession operates against the party which seeks to disturb it as presumptive evidence of abandonment; and if furnishes to the party holding it proof of the same description, and of equal force, in favour of the existence of the right. In this case the possession of North Carolina may be coupled with that of Tennessee, or considered as one continuing possession, on account of the relation which those states sustain towards each other; and, for the same reason, the.acts of Virginia and Kentucky are to be viewed as identical.
It was contended, that this possession, and the constant assertion by North Carolina and Tennessee, of title to the territory left out by Walker's line, was well knownlo-Virginia, and was acquiesced in by her. This possession commenced, and the acquiescence of Vir-

SUPREME COURT.
[Poole v. Fle~ger.]
ginia in it, before the title under which the defendant in error claims,
accrued. The argument contained a reference to written testimony
and to legislative enactments by Virginia; as well as to evidence of her frequent recognition of the possession and disposition of this territory by the executivb of that state, after the running of Walker's line.
It is a principle of municipal law, perfectly well established, that possession of land for a great length of time, and non claim, will give a good title; and that, in support of such a title, almost any thing .may be presumed;'such as an act of parliament, a grant from the crown, a deed of conveyance, the extinction of an outstanding opposing title, &c. Chalmer v. Bradley, and Gibson v. Clark, 1 Jacob and Walker, 63, note 2, 161; Jackson v. Hudson, 3 Johnson's Chan. Rep. 375; Powell v. Millbanke, Cooper, 102, 3; 10 Johnson, 380; 3 Johnson's Cases, 118; 3 Connecticut Rep. 630; *11 East, 280; 10 East, 488. This principle also pervades the public law, and is not affected in its operation by the doctrine of nullum tempus occurritregi; because, whenever it is brought to bear upon questions of public law, both parties are sovereigns, and stand in the same relation to each other as individuals do in ordinary cases.
4th. The treaty of 1820, made between Kentucky and Tennessee, 'does not affect the title of the plaintiffs in error.
It has been shown, in the views already taken of this subject, that North Carolina and Tenne.svee acquired a complete title, including both sovereignty and property to all the lands on the south side of Walker's line. If so, they were competent to transmit property in any portion of those lands, to the plaintiffs in error; and that they did so, according to'all legal formality, and that for a full and valuable consideration, is shown in the record by the production of their grants. Then, the plaintiffs in error being once invested with title to the property in dispute, what .has divested them? It is said, that the treaty of 1820 has had:the effect: not by a direct process of divestiture, but by the admission of Tennessee, therein made, that the land, when it was granted did not lie within her jurisdiction, nor within that of North Carolina. But how was the fact, notwithstanding that admission? It was, that the land did lie within the jurisdiction of North Carolina and Tennessee, at the time referred to. Then, the question is presented, whether it be competent for a state, by admission or otherwise, to divest a title alreaay conferred upon one of its citizens? For, change the aspect of it as you will, it is

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Poole v Fleeger.] , still a question as to the power to divest, assuming, that the land
was not within the jurisdiction of North Carolina and Tennessee; and their grant would be void for want of property in the subjectmatter of the grant. But proving, as the plaintiffs in error have done, and surely they stand in a situation to be permitted to make the proof, that the land did belong to the grantor at the time that they became grantees of it; and then the admission of the state to the contrary becomes of no avail. It is a principle of law, that when one claims title under another, he will not be permitted to deny the title of him under whom he claims. But the reverse of that principle is by no means true; that is,,where the grantor, after havingmade and delivered a grant, acknowledges that he"had no title at the time of making it; hisgrantee is not bound by that acknowledgment. So far is it from being true, that, if the grantor had not, in reality, any title when he conveyed, but afterwards acquires one, it vests, eo instantiby relation to the date of the grant, in the grantee; and this, too, by operation of law; so that the grantor could not, if he would, afterwards defeat his own sale. How is it possible then, for a posterior admission of the state of Tennessee to take away from 'the plaintiffs in error rights which *they undoubtedly had before that admission was made?
It is likewise a principle of law, founded in abstract justice and morality, and highly promotive of good faith, that a party is estopped from denying his own deed: And the doctrine of estoppel does not apply to the execution of the deed simply, for, its being the deed of the party, necessarily implies its execution; but it applies to the operation and effect of it, so that the grantor is bound by all legal inferences and consequences resulting from it.' Now, to say that it lies in the mouth of the grantor, to deny that there was any subjectmatter for the grant to act upon, appears to be as effectual a mode-of destroying it, and of absolving him from the obligation of it, as any that could be devised. And why shocld not this principle be enforced against a state? When a state makes a grant to an individual, it is a contract, with all the incidents of any other contract of the same kind attached to it; and in the making of which, the state exerts only the same capacities that an individual would do in a like case; and it must, therefore, be goierned by the same rules, regulations, and restrictions, in every respect.
When Tennessee and Kentucky entered-into the compact of 1820, it wasqompetent for the former to part with what-she had, and no

SUPREME COURT.
[Poo]e v. Fleeger.]
more. She then possessed sovereignty over the land which is the subject of this suit, but no property in it; that belonged to the plaintiffs in error. She might, therefore, have parted with her sovereignty over the land, and have transferred the allegiance of the owners of it to the state of Kentucky; in which case, their right of property would have remained unaffected." But precisely the re'verse of this is what, by the compact, she purports to have done; this. is, to retain the sovereignty, and cede the property; or, what amounts to the same thing, to give such an effect to a certain state of .fact,, as will enable the defendants in error successfully to hold the property against those in whom the title before existed; when, without such an effect, thus communicated, those facts would have been wholly inefficient for the purpose.
Now, is the doctrine to receive judicial sanction that a state, although she may be sovereign, can thus -tamper with the rights of individuals? In one sense, sovereign power may be competent to do any thing; to destroy all the creations that have taken place under the exercise of it; and that, too, without any regard to the consequences of such wantonness. But under our constitution and laws, there is some restraint imposed upon the exercise of the power of the state: the functions of all public bodies, and public officers, are limited and defined; and no interference can take place with private property that is inconsistent with right, and unwarranted by known rules and regulations. The legislature of Tennessee, in appointing commissioners to make this compact, and in the subsequent ratification of it, and the commissioners themselves in making it, all acted by virtue of a delegated power; and no power was delegated to them, or could be, that was incompatible with the charter.whence that power was derived. The 20th section of the declaration of rights, which is a part of the constitution of Tennessee, says: "that no retrospective law, or law impairing the obligation of contracts, shall be made." Now, here is an express limitation upon the power of the legislature. Has it beep observed in the making of this coinpact? What is meant by a retrospective law? It is one which changes, or injuriously affects a present right; by going behind it, and giving efficacy to anterior circumstances to defeat it, which they had not when the right accrued. This compact looks back to the dates of the warrant and grant issued by Virginia and *Kentucky, both powerless as emanating from those states; overleaps the intervening title derived from Tennessee and North Carolina, which was

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Poole v. Fleeger.]
good if it had been let alone; and, by the new life which it breathes into the worthless claim, subverts the other. And what is meant by the obligation of a contract, in the sense of the constitution? As applied to this case, we shall best see by inquiring what was the state of the contract upon which the plaintiffs in error rely, without the provisions of the compilet; and what it is with them. Setting aside the compact, and there is a grant; which is the highest muniment of title, and which binds the state to defend the possessor in the enjoyment of the land. But taking the compact into consideration, and giving force to it according to its terms, and you destroy the grant, and take away from tie holder all the consequences flowing from it; thus most emphatically impairing the obligation which it had created. The passage of such a law would even exceed the competency of the British parliament, notwithstanding its attribute of omnipotence; and the judges there would not fail to pronounce it void, as being in violation of natural justice and inherent right. 18 Johnson, 138; 7 Johnson, 497; 2 Dallas, 308, 311.
The sixth article of the compact of 1820, under which this suit was brought by the defendants in error, is in the following words: " claims to land east of the Tennessee river, bet*een Walker's line, and the latitude of thirty-six degrees, thirty minutes, north, derived from the state of Virginia in consideration of military services, shdll not be prejudiced in any respect by the establishment of Walker's line; but such claims shall be considered as rightfully entered or
granted; and the claimants may enter upon said lands, or assert their rights in the courts of justice, without prejudice by lapse of time, or from any statute of limitations, for any period prior to the settlement of the boundary between the two states; saving, however, to the holders and occupants of conflicting claims; if any there be, the right of showing such entries or grants to be invalid, and of no effect; or that they have paramonnt and superior titles to the land covered by such Virginia claims."
It has already been shown, in the preceding views exhibited of this case, that, by the establishment of Walker's line in the first instance, Virginia distinctly admitted that the land to the south of it was not within her jurisdiction, and did not belong to her; and that North Carolina, by the possession of that land, acquired a complete title to it. The title thtis acquired by North Carolina, would cerLainly inure to the benefit of the plaintifl in error, so far as any ,if 1hat land was granted to them. - Then, by the above article of the

SUPREME COURT.
[Poole v. Fleeger.] compact, Tennessee renounced that title; which renunciation, as applied to this case, did not in thc least affect the interest of the state, but only operated to destroy the right vested in her grantees. The article goes further, and says, that the claims under Virginia shall be considcred as rightfully entercd or granted; and shall not be prejudiced by lapse of time, or any statute of limitations. In thi respect, the conpaet professed to act directly upon the rights of individuals, situated as the parties to this suit are; giving to the one, a title which he had not before, and taking away from the other that which he had-tying up the hands of one, and furnishing the other with a most deadly offbzisive weapon. By the provisions thus interposed, lapse of time, presum-ption, and the statute of limitations, are all cut off, as sources from which title might have been -cquired; and, in fact, was acquired. If there is any question perfectly well settled in the courts of"Tennessee, so that no one now thinks of meeting it again, it is, that our statutes of limitation as appl ed to land, have a Itouble operation-that is, that they bar the remedy of the plaintiff in ejectment, and give to the defendant, although his paper title was utterly void, a title good against the whole world, by positive prescription. Act of 1715, ch. 27, sec. 2; Act of 1797, ch. 43, sec. 4; Act of 1819, ch. 28, sec. 21; Porter's Lessee v. Cocke, Peck's Rep. 47; Ferguson v. Kennedy, Peck 321; 3 Johnson's Chan. Rep. 142, 3, 10 Mad. 206. It appcms, therefore, that the sixth article in the compact cannot be sustained, without its operating as a repeal of tho.e statutes, a reversal of those decisions, and a direct judicial sentence.
5th. The title under which the defondants in error claim is void for chamnperty.
That title is the grant from the state of Kentucky, operating proprio viore; or it is the above article in the compact; or it is both taken together. Now, considering it either way, there was an adverse possession by the state' of Tennessee, or by those claiming under it, at the time of the origin of the title of the defendants in error; and the provisions of the statute of 32 Ihenry 8th, ch. 9, operate upon the conveyance thus attempted to be made, and render it absolutely void. Williams v. Jackson, 5 Johnson, 498; Co. Lit. 214, s. 347.
6th. The lessors of the-lihintiffs in the court below, have shown a title-which makes them tenants in common, onlv and there is but

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Poole v. Fleeger.]
one demise in the declaration, and that a joint one. Tenants in common cannot support ejectment upon a joint demise.
Although the action of ejectm'nt is fictitious, yet such a demise must be laid as would, if actually made, have transferred the right of possession to the lessor. Ejecment is a possessory action, and each tenant in common is not capable pf demising the whole premises; and, therefore, a case is not made out upon the face of the declaratioa which entitles the lessor to bril-g suit. Adams on Ejeetment, 186; *Treport's case, 6 Coke, 15 (6).
It is due, however, to tl-.. circuit judge who tried this cause, to state, that this defect in the declaration, if it be one, was not discovered until after tli'trial was gone into: and that although he overruled the motion for a nonsuit, founded on it; he intimated, that he would reserve the point for ffurther consideration, upon an application for a new trial, if one should be made. Aid that none but a formal application for a new trial was made, on account of circumstances known to the circuit judge, which caused the sudden and unexpected adjournment of the court.
7th. The will of Frederick Rohrer, under which the defendants in error claim, ought not to hvc been received in evidence. 1st. On account of the insufficiency of the certificate and probate, to authorize its registration in the state. 2d. Upon the ground that said will was registered in Tennessee, after the institution of this suit; and therefore could only take effect fr-om the date of registration.
The will of Frederick Rohrer was a foreign one, that is, made and published in Pennsylvania; and what purported to be a copy only, was produced upon the trial of this cause. It is perfectly clear that no will made out of the state of Tennessee, can pass lands situated in it, and that no evidence of a will can be received in the courts there, for the purpose of affecting titles to land; but in strict conformity to the laws of Tennessee, Kerr v. Aloore, 9 Wheat. 571. The probate of the will, and the registration, are all in the record, and the Court is respectfully requested to examine them. They will compare them with the provisions of the act of the legislature of. Tennessee on the subject. It will be observed, that the act of 1823, ch. 31, authorizes copies of such wills to he recorded in the county where the land lies, provided they shall have been proved according to the law then (1823) in force in the state, as to wills made and executed within the limits of the state: Act of the 1st session of
VOL. XI.-2 C

SUPREME COURT.
[Poole v. Fleeger.] 1784, ch. 22 ; Act of 2d session of 1784, ch. 10. And when so recorded, shall have the same force and effect as if the original had been executed in this state, and proved and allowed in our courts; and shall be sufficient to pass lands and other estate.
Whether a copy of this will was duly proved and recorded in Tennessee or not, it was not recorded until after the commencement of the suit; and there is no principle better understood, or more universally admitted, than that in ejectment the lessor of the plaintiff must have a title to the premises in dispute at the laying of the demise. And, according to the construction of the above statute of 1823, the title to land here does not.pass by such a will, until a copy thereof is actually recorded, in the manner therein prescribed; nor then,, unless the probate is in. due form, and -the will itself shall have been executed with the solemnities required.
Mr. Catron, for the defendants in error. By mutual legislation and arrangement between the states of Virginia and North Carolina, commissioners were appointed as early as the year 1779, two from each state; who met in September of that year, for the purpose of extending the common boundary of the states on parallel of latitude 36 degrees 30 minutes north. The line, in part, had been previously run by Fry and Jefferson; beginning at the Currituck inlet, and extending west 329 miles to Steep-rock creek near -New-river,and at 81 degrees 12 minutes west longitude from London. Ifaywood's Iistory of Tennessee, -178. The commissioners on the part of Virginia were, Doctor Thomas Walker and Daniel Smith; and those acling in behalf of North Carolina, Colonel Henderson and William B. Smith. The commissioners by mutual observations ascertained the precise latitude of 36 degrees 30 minutes north, being one mile o01. poh.s due bouth of the termination of Fry and Jefferson's line; and there fixed their beginning. After running the line as far as Carter's valley, fortv-five miles west of Steep-rock creek, the Carolina gentlemen conceived the line was furthier south than it ought to be; airk on trial, it was found the variation of the needle had slightly altered. On making observations, it was supposed the line at that point was more than two miles too far south-one of the Virginia commissioners concurring that this was the fact. The distance was measured off due north, and the line run eastward from that place by the Carc 1ina commissioners to Steep-rock creek, aided by one of those from Virginia, (Mr.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Poole v. Fleeger.]
Smith,) for about twenty miles east; when he became satisfied from repeated observations, that the second line was wrong and the first right; to this conclusion the Carolina gentlemen refused their assent. Doctor Walker had continued to extend the line west, but was soon overtaken by Mr. Smith. Concurring that the first line was on the true latitude, they accordingly brought it up from Carter's valley, and extended it to the westward, separate from th&Carolina commis. sioners, who did not again act in concert with them, but extended the second line as far as Cumberland mountain, protesting against the line run by the Virginia commissioners; and there they ceased the work and returned home. East of Cumberland mountain the southern line was afterwards known as Walker's line, and the northern as Henderson's line-being something more than two miles apart, and extending from Steep-rock creek to Cumberland mountain.
The Virginia commissioners from Cumberland-gap, where they struck the mountain, continued the extension of the line run by them west, through the mountain, and marked it as far as Deerfork, 124 miles from the beginning at Steep-rock creek: They there left offrunning the line, and went west to Cumberland river, about 109 miles from Deer-fork; ascertained the true latitude of 36 degrees 30 minutes, as they supposed, and from that point run and marked the line west, (crossing the Cumberland. river again at 131 miles,) to the Tennessee river, 41 miles from the first crossing of the Cumberland. Their authority extended no further; but on their.way home orders met them from the governor of Virginia to proceed to the river Mississippi, and there ascertain and mark the termination of the line;. which service they performed. The line from Cumberlarrd-to Tennessee river is known ds Walker's line; and where it strikes the Tennessee is over eleven miles north of, 36 degrees 30 minutes, but much less north, where it was commenced at Cumberland river. This circumstance- produced the present controversy; to understand which, it has been deemed necessary to give, irisomething of detail, the history of Walker's line, and why it was not recognised as the true boundary between Kentucky and Tennessee; and the necessity of the compact of 1820, to settle the boundary-between the two states.
The constitution of North Carolina declares the northern boundary of that state to be thirty-six degrees, thirty minutes, sec. 25.
It is attempted to be changed by Walker's line, run in. 1779, '80; and the Virginia act of assembly of the 7th of December, 1791. ch.

SUPREME COURT.
[Poole v. Fleeger.l
55. The line had been marked west from Cumberland river to the Tennessee river by Walker. In December, 1789, a committee of the house of commons of North Carolina, to whom was referred the letter of the governor of Virginia, reported favourably to the establishment of Walker's line, but the senate did not act. At the next session, llth December, 1790, a committee of the house again reported, and recommended a law to be passed confirming Walker's line as the boundary between Virginia and North Carolina, reserving the right of the oldest grants or entries made by either state. The report was concurred with by both houses; Hayw. His. Ten. 484.
To meet the report Virginia took the first step, and on the 7th of December, 1791, passed an act conformably to it. Id. 485. But North Carolina passed no law upon the subject; for the well known reason that, in February, 1790, she had ceded the western part of the state to the United States; which government, (not North CaroIina,) had the sole power to fix the boundary with Virginia, from the north-west corner of North Carolina to Cumberland gap. See Session Act. Hayw. H. 434. In 1796, Tennessee became a state; and of course recognised no act of North Carolina after the cession of the United States. Hayw. H. 8.
Nor did Kentucky recognise the legislation of Virginia west of Cumberland gap after the 18th of December, 1789. Then an act was passed authorizing the district of Kentucky to call a convention for the purpose of separating from Virginia, the assent of congress being had. The convention was called, a separation determined upon; and the act of congress of the 4th of February, 1791, cb. 78, was passed, receiving Kentucky, according to its actual boundaries, on the 18th day of December, 1789; Kentucky to come in as a state on the 1st of June, 1792. On the 2d of April, 1792, Kentucky formed her first constitution, and thereby declared the compact with Virginia a part thereof; Art. 8, sec. 7, 1 Marshall's Hist. Kentucky, 408. Virginia is concluded by it; Green v. Biddle, 8 Wheat. 1. The act of congress of the 4th of February, 1791, settled the southern boundary of Kentucky at thirty-six degrees thirty minutes, and Virginia had no power to change it afterwards: her act of the 7th of"December, 1791, is, therefore, of no validity in this controversy.
But it never was intended to have any force. North Carolina adopted a report, (having no legal force,) proposing a joint law to Virginia. So fir as the latter had power, she passed the law, but North Carolina did not meet it; the object was a comnact bv mutual

S'.NUA.RY TERM, 1837.
[Poole v. Fleeger.] legislation. Is it not most harsh to say, Virginia shall be bound by her act to confirm the North Carolina claims; to surrender territory equal to four counties, and North Carolina shall not be bound?
The act of Virginia, in its terms only, extends to the common boundary between North Carolina and Virginia, as run by Walker. The line was begun at Steep-rock creek, forty-five miles east of Carter's valley, and east of the north-west corner of Tennessee. From Steep-rock creek to the north-west corner of North Carolina, was the only part of the boundary between North Carolina and Virginia. to which the act of December, 1791, did or could apply, because west of this North Carolina had no jurisdiction. And so Virginia understood the law, as is manifest from her compact of 1801, ch. 29, 1 Scott, 716, 1803, ch. 58; by which commissioners from the respective states settled and marked a new boundary, equidistant between Walker's and Henderson's line, from Cumberlandgap east, to the north-west corner of North Carolina.
That either Tennessee or Kentucky ever imagined that the acts of Virginia or North Carolina had affected the common boundary of the states, cannot be pretended; the reverse is prominently manifest from Tennessee acts of 1801, ch. 29; 1803, ch. 63, 1812, ch. 61; 1815, oh. 192; 1817, ch. 157; 1819, ch. 89; and 1820, ch. 20. In fact, and by universal admission on the part of Tennessee and Kentucky, the act of Virginia never affedted the question presented by the record. Conceding to the act the validity claimed for it, and suppose North Carolina had met it by a corresponding statute, still it could have no binding effect. The constitutions of Virginia and North Carolina conferred jurisdiction to thirty-six degrees, thirty midutes. Could the states by legislation or by compact fix the boundary ten miles further north? Would such act give North Carolina jurisdiction over, the constitution? That the legislature of North Carolina had no. power to authorize grants north of thirty-six degrees thirty minutes, must be admitted: 4her grants are clearly void. But then it is contended the act of Virginia of December, 1791, prescribed Walker's line as the southern limit of the district in Kentucky, where Virginia military warrants could be located; and the plaintiff's grant being south of the line, it is also void: therefore, both titles being void, the plaintiff must fail.
The sixth article of the compact confirms the military grants of Virginia, south of the line and north of thirty-six and a half degrees. The compact is just as good and effectual a grant as an ordinary Datent.

SUPREME COURT.
[Poole v. Fleeger.]
North Carolina granted 25,000 to Genl. Green, and 200 acres to the town of Nashville, by statute; and each of which grants have received the judicial sanction. So Tennessee confirmed the military grants made north and east of the military boundary, by her act of 1815. Ch. 173, and in various other cases.
The compact is the supreme law, by the act of congress adopting it, of 12th of May, 1830. Ingersoll's Digest, 695; Con. U. S. ar. 6, sec. 2. But for the confirmation, the jurisdiction of Tennessee could not extend beyond 36 degrees 30 minutes north; because the legislature could not alter boundary fixed by the constitution. Congress had made it the supreme law over the constitution of Tennessee.
And in this connection it may be remarked, that all legislation on the part of Virginia and North Carolina, tending to change the boundary from 36 degrees 30 minutes,- to 36 degrees 40 minutes, would have been obnoxious to the 1st art. 10th sec. of the constitution of the United States, which declares:, "No state, shall, without the consent of congress, enter into any agreement or compact with another state." The'prohibition must comprehend compacts of cession from one state to another; if not, Pennsylvania may treat for half of Delaware, and still leave her with two senators, and one representative in congress; and the ceded half be represented as part of Pennsylvania.
Our disputed boundary presents an ample illustration of the necessity that the assent of congress should be had. By our act of 1801, ch. 29, we ordered commissioners to be appointed to treat -or all the country south of- Green river, including now about twenty-five counties in Kentucky. By the compact of 1820, Tbnhessee acquired nearly half a million of acres north of 36 degrees 30 minutes; if she could go ten miles north, she might two hundred, and purchase out a sister state, sapping the foundations of the Union.
But suppose the Tennessee and North Carolina grants the better title, yet it becomes necessary to cede them to Kentucky, as part consideration of the'compromise; we, says Kentucky, will give you the sovereignty to Walker's line, in consideration of which you shall give us the right of soil; and it was agreed. Is this not taking priv4te property for public use? 3 Story's Com. 601; 2 Kent's, 339, 2d edition. By the treaties of 1817, 1819, the sovereignty of the Cherokee country w~s ceded to the United States, with the right of soil, and certain Cherokee occupants had granted to them a mile square each, as a part consideration. One of these reserves covered

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

207

[Poole v. Fleeger.]
a grant made to Stuart, in 1800, by North Carolina. It was.holden, per Haywood, judge, and not denied by any, that the private property of Stuart's assignee could be ceded to the Indian. 2 Yerg. R. 164, 5, 6; and congress paid Stuart's assignees for the land. Cornet
v. Winton. The provision of the constitution of the United States, that private
property shall not be taken for public use, without just compensation, applies, exclusively, to a taking by the United States government, and has no reference to the acts of the states. To be bound, they must be named, as that no state shall pass any ex post facto law, or laws impairing the obligation of contracts. Barron v. The Mayor of Baltimore, 7 Peters, 243.
The constitution of Tennessee, (Bill of Rights XXI) declares, "No man's property shall be taken, or applied to public use, without the consent of his representatives; or without just compensation being made therefor."
1. By consent of his representatives, means by a law of the land, as where roads are located on private property, and no compensation is made.
2. In time of war, when the militia are called out, fuel, forage, provisions, boats, &c. may be taken, without any law, positively authorizing of it. Then compensation must be made.

Mr. Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the Court This is the case of a writ of error to the judgment of the circuit court of the United States for the district of West Tennessee. The original writ was an ejectment; brought by Fleeger and others, (th now defendants in error,) against Poole and others, (the now plaintiffs in error,) to recover a tract of land containing 2,727 acres in Montgomery county, in Tennessee, lying south of Walker's line, so called; which constitutes the present boundary line between the states of Kentucky and Tennessee; and north of Mathew's line, so called, which is exactly now in latitude 360 30' north; which by the constitution of North Carolina, is declared to be the true northern boundary line of the state, and is so described in the charter of King Charles the 2d. At the trial, the original plaintiffs proved their title to be as devisees of one Frederick Rohrer, who claimed it by a grant of the state of Kentucky, dated the 24th of February, 1796, in part satisfaction of a Virginia military land warrant, held by Rohrer as as-'

SUPREME COURT.
[Poole v. Fleeger.]
signee of one John Montgomery. They also read, in evidence, the compact between the states of Kentucky and Tennessee, of the second of February, 1820. The defendants claimed title under certain grants from the state of North Carolina of various tracts comprehending the premises in question, dated in 1786, 1792, and 1797; and also under certain grants from the state of Tennessee in 1809, 1811, 1812 and 1814, from which they deduced a regular title to themselves; and they proved that the same grants covered their possessions respectively, except that each of the defendants, whom the jury at the trial found guilty of the ejectment, were in possession of portions of land not covered by any grant, older in date than that to Rohrer. The defendants also proved that the different grantees under whom they claimed, took possession of the different tracts of land contained in their grant, on or about the date thereof; and that they and those deriving title under them, have: continued in the possession of the same ever since.
Various other evidence was introduced- by the defendants, the object of which was to establish that Walker's line had been for a long time acted upon as the boundary line between North Carolina and Virginia, before the separation of Kentucky and Tennessee therefrom; and that after that separation Tennessee had continued to exercise exclusive jurisdiction up to that line, with the acquiescence of Kentucky, until the compact of 1820. As our judgment turns upon considerations distinct from the nature and effect of that evidence, it does not seem necessary to repeat it on the present occasion.
By the compact of 1820, between Kentucky and Tennessee, (art. 1,) it was agreed that Walker's line (which was run in 1780) should be the boundary line between those states; and by the sixth article it was further agreed that "6claims to land east of Tennessee river, between Walker's line and the latitude of 360 30' north, derived from the state of Virginia, in consideration of military services, shall not be prejudiced in any respect, by the establishment of Walker's line; but such claims shall be considered as rightfully entered or granted; and the claimants may enter upon said lands, or assert their rights in the courts of justice without prejudice by lapse of time, or from any statute of limitations for any period prior to the settlement of the boundary between the two states; saving, however, to the holders and occupants of conflicting claims, if any there be, the right of showing such entries or grants to be invalid, and of no effect; or that they have paramount and supericr titles to the land covered by such

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

209

[Poole v. Fleeger.]
Virginia claims." By another article (the 4th) it was further agreed that, "all lands now vacant and unappropriated by any person, claiming to hold under the states of North Carolina or Tennessec, east of the Tennessee river, and north of the parallel of latitude of 36 degrees 30 minutes north; shall be the property of and subject to the disposition of the state of.Kentucky." "
Upon the whole evidence in 'the cause, the court instructed the jury, "that as by the compact between Kentucky and Tennessee, the boundary line of thirty-six degrees thirty minutes north, was fixed several miles south of Walker's line, and of the land in controversy; the titles of the defeipdants were subject to the compact, and could only be sustained under it. That the state of Tennessee, by sanctioning the compact, admitted in the most solemn form that the lands in dispute were not within her jurisdiction, nor within the jurisdiction of North Carolina at the time. they were granted; and that, consequentiy, the titles were subject to the conditions of the compact." To this opinion of the court the defendants excepted; and the validity of this exception constitutes the main subject of inquiry upon the present writ of error; the jury having found a verdict in favour of 'the plaintiffs .upon this opinion, and judgment having been rendered in conformity thereto in the court below.
We are of opinion that the instruction given by the court below is entirely correct It cannot be doubted, that it is a part of the general right of sovereignty, belonging to independent nations, to establish and fix the disputed boundaries between their respective territories; and the Ioundaries so established and fixed by compact between nations, become conclusive upon'all the subjects and bitizens thereof, and bind their rights; and are to be treated, to all intents aid purposes, as the true ard real boundaries. This is a dodtrine universally rec6gnised in the law and practice of nations. It is a right equally belonging to the-states of this Union; unless it has been surrendered under the constitution of the United. States. So far from there being any pretence of such a general surrender pf the'right, that-it is expressly fecognised by the constitution, and guarded in its exercise by a single limitation or restriction, requiring the consent of congress. The constitution decl~res,-that-" no state shall; without the consent of congress, enter into any agreement .or compact with anothdr slte;" thus plainly admitting that, with such,' consent, it might be done: and in the present instance, that donsent has been expressly given. The compact, then, has fall validity, and all the
VOL. XI.-2 D

SUPREME COURT.
[Poole v. F'leeger.]
terms and conditions of it must be equally obligatory upon the citizens of both states.
Independently of this broad and general ground, there are other ingredients in the present case equally decisive of the merits. Although, in the compact, Walker's line is agreed to be in future the boundary between the two states, it is not so established as having been for the past the true and rightful boundary; on the contrary, the compact admits the fact to be the other way. While the compact cedes to Tennessee the jurisdiction up to Walker's line, it cedes to Kentucky all the unappropriated lands north of the latitude of thirty-six degrees thirty minutes north. It thus admits, what is in truth undeniable, that the true and legitimate boundary of North Carolina is in that parallel of latitude; and this also is declared in the charter of Charles the second, and in the constitution of North Carolina, to be its true and original boundary. It goes farther and admits that all claims under Virginia to lands north of that boundary, shall not be prejudiced by the establishment of Walker's line; but such claims shall be considered as rightfully entered or granted. The compact does, then, by necessary implication, admit that the boundary between Kentucky and Tennessee, is the latitude of thirty-six degrees thirty minutes; and that Walker's line is to be deemed the true line, only for the purpose of future jurisdiction.
In this view of the matter it is perfectly clear that the grants made by North Carolina and Tennessee, under which the defendants claimed, were not rightfully made, because they were originally beyond her territorial boundary; and that the grant, under which the claimants claim, was rightfully made, because it was within the territorial boundary of Virginia. So that upon this narrower ground, if it were necessary, as we think it is not, to prove the case, it is clear that the instretion of the.court was correct.
And this disposes of the argument which has been pressed upon us, that it is not competent for a state, by compact, to divest its citizens of their titles to land derived from grants under the state; and that it is within the prohibition of the constitution, that "no state shall pass any law impairing the obligation of contracts." If the states of North Carolina and Tennessee could not rightfu lly grant the-land in question, and the states of Virginia and Kentucky could, the invalidity of the grants of the former arises, not -from any violation of the obligation of the grant, but fiom an intrinsic defect of title in the states. We give no opinion, because it is unnecessary in

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Poole v. Fleeger.]
this case, whether this prohibition of the constitution is not to be understood as necessarily subject to the exception of the right of the states, under the same constitution, to make compacts with each other; in order to settle boundaries and other disputed rights of territory and jurisdiction.
In the progress of the trial one or two other objections were made, which may require some notice. The defendants objected to the introduction of the will of Frederick Rohrer, under which the plaintiffs claimed as devisees, as evidence; first. because the probate and certificate of that will (it having been made and proved in PennsylvaLfa) were not such as to authorize its registration in the st~te of Tennessee; secondly, because the will was not registered inthe state of Tennessee, until after the institution of this suit. The court overruled the objection. But it does not appear that any ixception was taken to the opinion of the court upon this point, at the trial. On the contrary, the record states, that" no exception to the opinion of the court permitting the will to be read was taken in the prbgress of the trial, nor was it stated that the right to do so was reserved. The practice of the court is, for exceptions to be taken after trial, if deemed necessary. ' Under these circumstances, some difficulty has arisen as to the propriety of taking any notice whatsoever of this objection. In the ordinary course of things at the trial, if an objection is made and overruled as to the admission of evidence, and the party does not take any exception at the trial, he is understood to waive it. The exception need not, indeed, then, be put into form, or written out at large and signed; but it is sufficient that it is taken, and the right reserved to put it into form, within the time prescribed by the practice or rules of the court. We do not find any copy of the will, or any probate or certificate thereof in the record, or any registration thereof; and it is, therefore, impossible for us to say, whether. the ground assumed in the first. part of the objection is well founded or not. This leads us strongly to the inference, that the objection was intentionally waived at the trial. The second ground is clearly unmaintainable; for, if the registration was rightfilly made in Tennessee, it has relation backwards; and the time of the registration is wholly immaterial, whether before or after the institution of the suit.
Aoaolher objection made by the defendants at the trial was to the evidence of title offered by the lessors of the plaintiff, upon the ground that this title was a tenancy in common, which would not in

SUPREME COURT.
[Poole v. 1~eeger.]
law support a joint demise. This objection was overruled, with an intimation that the point would be considered on a motion for a new trial. No exception was taken to this ruling of the court; and the new trial was, upon the motion, afterNards refused. The party not taking any exception, and acquiescing in the intimation of the court, must be understood to waive the point as a matter of error; and to insist upon it only as a matter for a new trial. But it is unnecessary to decide the point upon this ground; for, in the state of Tennessee, the uniform practice has been, for tenants in common in ejectment, to declare on a joint demise, and to recover a part or the whole of the premises declared for, according to the evidence of title adduced. This was exptessly decided by the court in Barrow's Lessee v. Nave, 2 Yerger's Rep. 227, 228; and on that occasion the court added that this practice had never been drawn in question as far as they knew, or could ascertain; and in fact no other probably could be permitted after the act of 1801, ch. 6. see. 60, which provided, "that after issue joined in any ejectment on the title only, no exceptions to form or substance shall be taken-to the declaration in any court whatever."
The judgment of the circuit court is therefore affirmed, with costs.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from.the circuit court of the United States for the district of West Tennessee, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this Court, that the judgment of the said circuit court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
THE STEA-MBOAT ORLEANS, HENRY FORSYTH ET AL. CLAIMANTS, APPELLANTS V. THOMAS PHEDUS.
Admiralty. It is very irregular, and against the known principles of courts of admiralty, to allow in a libel, in rem, and, quasi, for possession, the introduction of any other matters of an entirely different character; such as an account of the vessel's earnings, or the claim of the part owner for his wages and advances as master.
The admiralty has no jurisdiction in matters of account between part owners. The master, even in a case of maritime services, has no lien upon the vessel for the
payment of them. The jurisdiction ofcourts of admiralty in cases of part owners having unequal interests
and shares, is not, and never has been, applied to direct a sale upon any dispute between them as to the trade and navigation of the ship engaged in maritime voyages, properly so called. The majority of the owners have a right to employ the ship on such voyages as they please, giving a stipulation to the dissenting owners for the safe return of the ship; if the latter, upon a prope- libel filed in the admiralty, require it: and the minority of the owners may employ the ship in the like manner, if the majority decline to employ her at all. The admiralty has no jurisdiction over a vessel not engaged in maritime trade and navigation; though on her voyages she may have touched at one terminus of them in tide' water, her employment having been substantially on other waters. The true test of its jurisdiction in all cases of this sort, is, whether the vessel is engaged, substantially, in maritime navigation, or in interior navigation and trade, not on tide waters. The jurisdiction of courts of admiralty is limited in matters of contract, to those and those only, which are maritime. The case of the Steamboat Jefferson, 10 Wheaton 429, 6 Cond. Rep. 175, cited and approved. By the maritime law, the master has no lien on thie ship even for maritime wages. The case of Peyroux v. Howard et al. 7 Peters, 34, cited. The local laws of a state can never confer jurisdiction on the courts of the United States. They can only furnish rules to ascertain the rights of the parties, and thus assist in the administration of the proper remeaies where the jurisdiction is vested by the laws of the United States.
AN appeal from the district court of the United States, for East Louisiana.
Thomas Phcebus, who is the owner of one-sixth part of the steamboat Orleans, on the 30th of November, 18.35, filed a libel in the district court of the United States for the district of Louisiana, against the appellants, who are the owners of the other five-sixths of said

SUPREME COURT.
[Steamboat Orleans v. Phcebus.]
boat, alleging that he had been on board of said boat as master and part owner; but had been dispossessed by the other part owners, who were navigating, trading with, 4nd using said boat contrary'to his wish, and, as he conceived, to his interest; and therefore be desired no longer to be part owner with the other proprietors; that he had amicably demanded the sale of said boat, and that he might receive his portion of the proceeds; that the other owners refused to do this, and were about to send her up the Mississippi on another trip, against his wishes; that the boat lay in the port of New Orleans, where the tide ebbs and flows, and within the admiralty jurisdiction of the court; therefore, he prayed that the boat might be sold, and one-sixth part of the proceeds paid. to him, aud that the other owner- might account to him for the earnings of the boat to the day of sale.
The appellants filed their claim, denying the jurisdiction of the court over the subject-matter of the libeland denying that said boat navigated water where the tide ebbs and flows, and alleging that she navigated only between New Orleans and the interior towns on the Mississippi and its tributary waters; that she is not a mxritime boat, and was never intended to navigate the high seas: and if the court should be of opinion it had jurisdiction, then they deny th merits of the case. At the same time one of the crew of the boat, while she was in possession of Phcebus, filed a libel against her fpr wages. In that suit Phcebus filed a claim against the boat for wages as master, and for necessaries advanced by him for the boat while he acted in that capacity. These 6harges he was permitted, by agreement of parties, to transfer to his own suit, as though they'bad made a part of the case stated in his libel.
On the 15th of April, 1836, the district court rendered a final decree, which directed a publTc sale of the boat; that the libellant, Thomas Phcebus, should receive one-sixth of the proceeds; a year'i wages at fifteen hundred dollars a year; and the further sum of three hundred and forty-five dollars -and sixty cents, for necessaries furnished by him, with costs of suit.
The claimants, appealed to this Court.
The case was argued by Mr. Vinton, and Mr. Crittenden, for the appellants; and by Mr. Catron, for the appellee.
For the appellants, it was insisted, the district court of Louisiana, acting as a court of admiralty, had no jurisdiction over the case,

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

177

[Steamboat Orleans v. Phoebus.]
because the steamboat Orleans was not employed in a maritime service.
The Orleans had been engaged in making voyages from Pittsburg to New Orleans, and from and to Maysville, on the Ohio river; and thus the employment and business of the vessel was of the same, character as that in the case of the steamboat Jefferson, which was before this Court in 1828; and the decision of kyhich is in 12 Wheat. 425, 429. In that case the Court say, that the admiralty never exercises its jurisdiction over any but maritime contracts, where the services under them are to be substantially performed on the sea, or on tide waters. The material question is, whether the service is essentially maritime. In this case the whole voyage was to be performed above the tide, with a small exception.
The decision of this Court in the case of Peyroux and others v. Howard, 7 Peters, 343, has no application to the case now under examination. That was a libel for repairs at New Orleans, done on a boat in tide water: the claim did not arise from the voyage of the vessel; and'the civil code of Louisiana gave the libellants a lien on the vessel for the amount of'the repairs. The Court enforced that lien. In the case of Jefferson, the services were not performed in tide waters, and the claim was refused. Cited 2 Brown's Civil and Admiralty Law, 72. 94.
The distinctions in these cases are founded o4 common sense, If a vessel were to perform a voyage from Liverpool to Natchez, in Mississippi, which is one hundred and fifty miles above the tide, that would be a service substantially maritime; and the principle would be applied to it, in favour of admiralty jurisdiction over mari-
time claims on the ship. In the employment of the Orleans, the substantial character of the operations of the boat is on waters extending two thousand miles above tide; the terminus of the voyage. being but a short distance within the tide. It was for.some time doubtful if there was any tide at New Orleans, but this is now conceded.
A voyage cannot be of two characters; it must be maritime throughout, or otherwise: it cannot be maritime as to part of the distance, and different as to another part. The character of it is decided by the substantial part of it.
If it is assumed, that the intended termination of the voyage being New Orleans, will make the employment of a boat on the -western waters, a mar;time transaction; then, at any intermediate part of the
VOL. XI.-Z

SUPREME COURT.
[Steamboat Orleans v. Phcebus.1
voyage, a libel may be filed against such a vessel, and the jurisdiction of the admiralty will be carried to the furthest parts of the Mlississippi and her parent rivers. This will make the services to depend not on their locality. If admiralty jurisdiction would exist at the end of a voyage, it would be absurd to say it would not prevail at intermediate points. In 2 Gallison, 348, Mr. Justice Story says, this jurisdiction depends on the subject matter, and not on the locality. It would further follow, that if this were not the principle, that the admiralty could extend its jurisdiction over all the voyages of steambotts terminating at New Orleans.
If the Court decide this, what will be the inevitable consequences? They will be to exclude common law jurisdiction, in contracts for navigation on the western rivers. The jurisdiction of the courts of the United States is exclusive, in admiralty and maritime cases; and what will be the effects of such a decision? Even in the wide extent of the navigation of these waters, exceeding twenty thousand miles, and daily increasing in every portion of its wide range, tribunals are found which may be appealed to, and which can afford remedies for violated contracts. But if the courts of the Union can only be called upon for relief, the injuries will be augmented in number and in extent. The district court of the United States for western Virginia, is at a great distance from the Ohio, which passes by part 6f the district. The same, or greater difficulties would exist in other districts.
It-is most important that the law on this subject shall be known. The reasons which have induced the application of admiralty jurisdiction to maritime contracts, do not exist as to those which relate to the navigation of the great rivers and lakes of the interior. Seamen may be left in foreign countries, and foreign ships may leave their seamen in our sea ports. The lien of those who navigate such vessel for their earnings, and such immediate enforcement, are peculiarly proper; in such cases. But the vessels in the interior may always be found; and so may their owners. In some of the states, liens similar to those of the admiralty, have been given by special legislation'; and it may be found convenient to do so universally. In Brown's Admiralty Law, it is said that no suit for wages in tbe admiralty can exceed thirty days. If proceedings, thus rapid, were allowed against steamboats, they might be sold for wages before the owners would know of the institution of a suit for their recovery, or even of their having been demanded. The importance of the ques-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Steamboat Orleans v. Phoebus.] tion of jurisdiction, ard the deep interest the owners of steamboats in the waters beyond tide, have in its issue, have been the principal inducements to bring this case up for decision.
A court of admiralty does not entertain the jurisdiction of a suit by an owner of a minor interest, to obtain a sale of the interests of the owners of a*majority of the shares in a ship: the admiralty has no jurisdiction to compel a sale in such a case.-See Abbott on Shipping, 73; Ouston v. Hebben, 1 Wilson's Rep. 101; Willing v. Blight, 2 Peters' Admr. Rep. 288; 2 Brown's Civil and Adm. Law, 131; Ex parte Young, 2 Ves. and Beame, 242; Appollo, 1 Haggard Rep. 312.
Nor can a part owner originate in the court of admiralty a suit for accounts. 1 Haggards Rep. 316; Abbott on Shipping, 80.
Should the Court be of opinion that the case belongs to the admiralty jurisdiction, then it will be insisted that the decree is erroneous.
1st. In directing the proceeds of the entire share of the libellant to be paid over to him, without making provision for the satisfaction'of a mortgage to Richardson, which would still be an outstanding incumbrance on the boat in the hands of the purchaser.
2d. The decree is erroneous, in directing the wages of the libellant, as master of the boat, to be paid out of the proceeds of its sale.
The maritime law gives the master no lien on the vessel for his wages, and he cannot sue for them in the admiralty. 3 Chitty on Comm. and Manuf. 540; Douglas, 101; 9 East,426; 13 Ves. 598; 1 Barn and Alderson, 581; Abbot on Shipping, 474; Zane v. Brig President, 4 Wash. C. C. Rep. 459;. Gardner v. ship New Jersey, 1 Peters' Admr. Rep. 228
In the case last cited it was holden, that his claim being of a mere personal nature, the master could not be paid even out of the surplus.
The decree of the district court gave to the libellant the whole amount of the wages claimed by him, without subjecting his onesixth to the payment of a proportionate part of the sum. So, too, the whole of the expenses incurred, are to be sustained by the owners of the five-sixths. This cannot be right. But these objections are of no importance, compared with that which denies the right of the district court to act in the case. It was a proceeding in the admiralty, and the vessel was not the subject of admiralty jurisdictiolu by a person, who, if the jurisdiction existed, could not come into the court as a suitor, and on an alleged contract, of which an admiralty court cannot take cognisance.

SUPREME COURT.
[Steamboat Orleaus v. Phcebus.]
The local law of Louisiana, giving to the master a lien on the ship for wages, cannot be extended to the case of the libellant. Because his service, as master, having begun and ended at Louisville, or, at the farthest, at Mlemphis, was wholly without the limits of the state of Louisiana, and above tide water.
A state law cannot extend the admiralty jurisdiction to a subject in its nature not within that jurisdiction. 7 Peters, 337 and 341.
But if he have a lien for his wages, then the decree is erroneous in.giving him a year's salary for the services of a part of a year; on the idea that an employment of a master of a boat is, in the absence of a specific stipulation, a hiring for one year; and that the owners cannot dismiss him without cause.
A contract with master,.in the absence of a special agreement, is a hiring by the month, and not by the year. Montgomery v. Wharton, 2 Peters' Admr. Rep. 401.
The owners of a ship may, at their pleasure, dismiss the master. 2 Peters' Admr. Rep. 397; 1 Dall. Rep. 49; Bee's Admr. Rep. 388; 4 Rob. 287; Edw. 242;'1 Dobson,'22; Abbot on Shipping, 131, note 1.
The decree is also erroneous, in directing libellant's advances for necessaries to be paid out of the proceeds-of sale.
After the argument had proceeded thus far, the Court expressed a desire to hear the counsel for the appellees on the question of jurisdiction; before the merits were. further discussed.
Mr. Catron for the appellees, on the question of jurisdiction. In the cause in 7 Peters, 324, the steamboat Planter was of the viry description of the Orleans, trading Ip the river from New Orleans, and only partly where the tide flowed. Her character, therefore, did not give the court jurisdiction. The repairs bestowed upon ber formed no *maritimelien and did not give jurisdiction. What did? Her situation in tide water gave the court power over, her; and the lien created by the laws of Louisiana wag enforced solely because of the locality of the vessel. The Orleans is a similar vessel; was fixed with a similar lien; and was found in a similar locality. She, by the laws of Louisiana, had a lien attached to her for wages, &c. There can be no doubt the state courts of Louisiana can enforce such lien against the thing; they have done so ever since Loui~iana

JANUARY TERM; 1837.

181

[Steamboat Orleansfv Phmbus.]
has been part of the United States. This rests on the principle of ordinary attachment laws; and it is eonvenient. Every boat has a principal agent at New Orleans to procure freights, of course-the owners are scattered from Pittsburg to New Orleans, as in this case. The boat hands cannot sue them so well as by libel at New Orleans, where the boat certainly is detained-and not elsewhere is she certainly detained.
The question to be decided in advance is, can in any case, the boat's crew enforce the law of lien of Louisiana? If they can, then for the sake of the princip.e, we wish not to be forestalled by the supposed facts of the present cause. These have not been debated; and "arecertainly, to an extent, for the libellant.
A part owner may enforce his rights in the admiralty. Brown's Civil Law, 131, 2; 2 Peters' Admiralty Rep. 290, 1. He is a tenant in common, and part owner, just as the boatrights were part owners in case of the Planter; 7 Peters' R9. 324.
So he who has wages due, is part owner, just as the boat-builders were. In case of the Planter, neither the nature of the vessel, nor the nature of the service performed, gave jurisdiction; it was by re,,son alone of the boat being in'tide water, that the lien created by. the local laws was enforced. If the cases are not analogous, it is difficult to distinguish them.
The local law of lien applicable to the cause, will be found in the
civil code of practice of Louisiana; 104 R. It includes the master and 'all others navigating vessels, or water
craft navigating and trading to New Orleans.- And when the lien is fixed, the right to seize and sell is expressly given. The main question in this cause being settled for the libellant, puts all the incidents to rest: so if it be adjudged to rest upon the general maritime law, the cause is unon the whole of the incidental points for the defendants.

Mr. Justice.STORY delivered the opinion of the Court. This is an appeal from the district court of the district of Louisiana. Thomas Phcebus, who is the owner of one-sixth part of the steamboat Orleans, filed a libel on the admiralty side of that court against Forsyth and others, who are the owners of the other fivesixths parts, of the same steamboat; alleging himself to be a part owner and master of the steamboat, and that he had been dispossessed by the other owners, who were navigating, trading with, and

SUPREME COURT.
[Steamboat Orleans v. Phcebus.]
using the boat contrary to his wishes; that he wished to have an amicable sale of the boat, but the other owners refused, and were about to send her up the Mississippi on another trip, against his wishes; that the boat then lay at New Orleans, within the ebb and flow of the tide, and within the admiralty jurisdiction of the court: therefore he prayed admiralty process against the boat, and that the boat might be sold, and one-sixth part of the proceeds be paid to him; and that the other partners might account to him for the earnings of the boat tothe day of the sale.
The appellants, (the claimants and owners of the five-sixths) appeared, and in their answer admitted the title of the libellant to the one-sixth part. But they denied the jurisdiction of the court, alleging that the boat did not navigate waters where the tide ebbs and flows; but that she navigated only between New Orleans and the interior towns on the Mississippi river, and its tributary waters. They furtier alleged, that she was not a maritime boat, and was never intended to navigate the high seas. They further answered; and in case their objection to the jurisdiction should be overruled, they alleged certain matters to the merits, upon which it is unnecessary to dwell, as our present judgment will be confined exclusively to the questions of jurisdiction.
It seems, that, subsequently, a libel was filed against the same boat by one of her crew, for wages. In that suit Phoebus also filed a claim for wages as master, and for necessaries advanced by him for the boat,-while he acted as master. These charges were by the agreement of the parties allowed to be transferred to the present suit; and of course were to.be treated as if they had been alleged in the original libel.
It may be here proper to state that it is very irregular and against the known principles of courts of admiralty to allow in a libel, in rem, and, quasi, for possession, (as the present libel assumes in some sort to be) the introduction of any other matters of an entirely different character; such as an account of the vessel's earnings, or the claim of the part owner for his wages and advances as master. In the first place the admiralty has no jurisdiction at all in matters of account between part owners. In the next place the master, even in case of maritime services, has no lien upon the vessel for the payment of them. So that, in both respects, these matters belong ad alium examen.
But to return to the question of jurisdiction; there is no doubt

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

183

[Steamboat Orleans v. Pheebus.]
that the boat was employed exclusively in trade and navigation upon the waters of the Mississippi, and its tributary streams; and that she was not employed or intended to be employed in navigation an.d trade on the sea, or on tide waters. And the wages of the master, and the advances made by him, for which he now claims recompense out of the proceeds of the steamboat, are on account of voyages made on such interior waters. Under these circumstances the question arises, whether the district court had jurisdiction, as a court of adffiiralty, to entertain either the original libel, or the claims in the supplementary proceedings. We shall shortly give our opinions on both points.
And in the first place, in respect to the original libel. The jurisdiction of courts of admiralty in cases of part owners, having unequal interests and shares, is not, and never has been applied to direct a sale, upon any dispute between them as to the trade and navigation of a ship engaged in maritime voyages, properly so called. The majority of the. owners have a right to employ the ship in such voyages as they may please; giving a stipulation to the dissenting owners for the safe return of the ship; 'if the latter, upon a proper libel filed in the admiralty, require it. And the minority of the owners may employ the ship in the like manner, if the majority decline to employ her at all. So the law is laid down in Lord Tenterden's excellent Treatise on Shipping. Abbot on Ship. part 1, chap. 3, see. 4 to see. 7. If, therefore, this were a vessel engaged in maritime navigation, the libel for a.sale could not be maintained.
But the case is that one of a steamboat engaged in maritime trade or navigation. Thou'gh in her voyages she may have touched at one terminus of'them, in tide waters, her employment has been, substantially, on other waters. The admiralty has not any jurisdiction over vessels employed on such voyages, in cases of disputed between part owners. The true test of its jurisdiction in all cases of this sort is, whether the vessel be engaged, substantially, in maritime navigation; or in interior navigation and trade, not on tide waters. In the latter case there is no jurisdiction. So that, in this view, the district court had.no jurisdiction over the steamboat involved in the present controversyF as she was wholly engaged in voyages on such interior waters.
Secondly; in respect to the wages and advances claimed by the libellant. They are for services not maritime, and for disbursements not maritime. Under such circumstances the admiralty has no .ju-

SUPREME COURT.
[Steamboat Orleans v. Phocnix.]
risdiction; for its jurisdiction is limited in matters of contract, to those, and thse only, which are maritime. This was expressly decided by this Court in the case of the steamboat Jefferson; 10 Wheat. R. 429; which, substantially,'on this point, decides the present case.
There is another ground equally fatal to the claim of the master for wages, which has been already alluded to. By the maritime law the mater has no lien on the ship even for maritime wages. A fortiori, the claim would be inadmissible for services on voyages, not maritime.
But it is said that the law of Louisiana creates a lien in favour of the master of a vessel engaged in voyages like the present: and if so, it may, upon the principles recognised by this Court, in Peyroux v. Howard, &c., 7 Peters R. 343, be enforced in the admiralty. That decision does not authorize any sucl: conclusion. In .that case the repairs of the vessel for which the .tate laws created a lien, were made at New Orleans, on tide waters. The contract was treated as a maritime contract; and the lien under the state laws was enforced in the admiralty, upon the ground that the court, under such circumstances, had jurisdiction of the contract as maritime; and then the lien., being attached to it, might be enforced according to the mode of administering remedies in the admiralty. The local laws can never confer jurisdiction on the courts of the United States. They can only furnish rules to ascertain the rights of parties; and thus assist in the administration of the proper remedies, where the jurisdiction is vested by the laws of the United States.
In this view of the point ofjurisdiction, we do not think it necessary to decide whether by the local law of Louisiana, the master had a lien on the steamboat for his wages or not: nor, whether, if such a lien existed- by that law, it could- be applied to any steamboats not belonging to citizens of that state, for services not rendered in that state.
Upon the whole,, our judgment is, that the district court bad no jurisdiction of the libel or its incidents; and, therefore, that the decree of the district court must, upon this ground, be reversed, and a mandate awarded to the district court to dismiss fhe suit, for want of jurisdietio'-,

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

41

LESSEE OF JAxES H. EWING, rLAINTIFF IN ERROR V. JACOB
BURNET.
Ejectment. Ohio. It is the exclusive provnce of the jury to decide what facts are proved by competent evidence. It is their province to judge of the weight of testimony as tending, in a greater or less degree, to prove the facts relied upon.
An elder legal title to a lot of ground gives a right of possession, as well as the legal seizure and possession thereof, co-extensive with the right; which continues until there shall be an ouster by actual adverse possession, or the right of liossession becomes in some other way barred.
An entry by one on the land of another, is or is not an ouster of the legal possession arising from the title, according to the intention with which it is done. If made under claim or colouf of right, it is an ouster; otherwise it is mere trespass. In legal language the intention guides the entry, and fixes its character.
It is well settled that to constitute an adverse possession there need not be a fence, a building, or other improvement made; it suffices for this purpose that visible notorious acts are exercised over the premises in controversy, for twenty one years, after an entry under a claim and colour of title.
Where acts of ownership have been done upon-land, which from their nature rialcate a notorious claim of property in it, and are contipued for twenty-one years with the knowledge of an adverse claimant, without interruption or an adverse entry by him for twenty-one years; such acts are evidence of an ouster of the forme," owner, and of an actual hdverse possession agaiist him; if the jury shall think that the property was not susceptible of a more strict and definite possession than had been so taken and held. Neither actual occupation or cultivation are necessary to constitute actual possession, when the property is so situated as not to admit of any permanent useful improvement; and the continued claim of the party has been evidenced by public acts of ownership, such as lie would exercise over property which he claimed in his own right, and could not exercise over property which he did not claim.
Punctuation is a most fallible standard by which to interpret a writing; it may be resorted to when all other means fail: but the Court will first take time instrument by its four corners, in order to ascertain its true meaning. If that is apparent on judicially inspecting it, the punctuation will not be suffered to change it.
An adverse possession for twenty-one years under clai'm or colour of title merely void, is a bar to a recovery under an lder title by deed; although the adverse holder may have had notice of the deed.
IN error from the circuit court of the district of Ohio.
The plaintiff in error instituted an action of ejectment in the circuit court of Ohio, at December term, 183, against the defendant, to recover a lot of ground in the city of Cincinnati. Both the plaintiff and the defendant claimed title under deeds from John Cleves
VOL. XI.-F

42 -

SUPREME COURT.

[Ewing v. Burnet.]
Symmes, the original grantee of the United States, for all the land on which the city of Cincinnati is erected. The deed from Symmes, under which the plaintiff asserted his-title, was executed June-lith, ,1798, to Samuel Forman-; the deed from Symmes to the defendant, for the same lot, was dated May 21, 1803. An adverse possession for twenty-one years, and upwards, was relied on, as constituting a sufficient legal title, under the statute of limitations of Ohio. The case, and the evidence, are fully stated in the opinion of the court.
The cause was tried at July term, 1835, and a verdict under the instructions of the court, was found for the defendant, on which a judgment was rendered. The plaintiff tendered a bill of exceptions.

The charge of the court was as follows The plaintiff having shown a deed for the premis.-s in controversy older in date than that which was given in evidence by the defendant, on the prayer of the defendant, the court. nstructed the jury that -his actual possession of the lot, to protect his title under the statute of limitations, must have been twenty-one. years before the commencement of this suit. That suing for trespass on the lot, paying the taxes, and speaking publicly of his claim, were not sufficient to constitute an adverse possession. That any possession short of an exclusive appropriation of the property by an actual occupancy of it, so as to give notice to the public and all concerned, that he not only claimed the lot, bui enjoyed the profits arising out of it,'was such an adverse possession as the statute requires. That to constitute an adverse possession it is not essential that the property should be enclosed by a fence, or have a dwelling house upon it. If it were so situated as to admit of cultivation as a garden, or for any other purpose without an enclosure, and it was so cultivttcd by the defendant during the above period, it would be sufficient; or if the lot contained a coal mine, or marble or stone 'quarry, and it was worked the above period by the defendant, he having entered under a deed for the whole lot, such an occupancy would be an adverse possession, though the lot had no dwelling house upon it, and was not enclosed by a fence. And also, if tie lot contained a valuable sand bank which was exclusively possessed and used by the defendant for his own benefit, by using the sand himself and selling it to others, and his occupancy of the lot in this manner was notorious to he public and all concerned; and if the defendant paid the taxes for the same,. ejected and prosecuted trespasses on the lot, it being situ-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

43

[Ewing v. Burnet.] ated adjoining to the lots on which the defendant actually resided, except the intervention of a street which had not been graduated and opened so as to be. used by the public; and said lot preserved -the view of the defendant from his residence unobstructed, and such possession was continued the time required by the statute, it would constitute an adverse possession for the whole lot, the defendant having entered under a deed as aforesaid. The -court also said'to the jury the law had been settled in Kentucky, that if a person residing on a tract of land should purchase by deed another tract adjoining to it, his possessipn would not be extended.over the tract thus purchased; and that this seemed to be reasonable, and was sustained by the doctrines of possession as generally recognised. That had the lot in controversy adjoined the premises on which the defendant resided, the case would come within the rule; but that a street intervened between the residence of the defendant and the lot in controversy, which would prevent an application of the rule.

Mr. Storer, for the plaintiff in error, contended that the circuit court had erred, in charging the jury that the evidence adduced by the defendant established an adverse possession of the lot of ground in controversy, for twenty-one years.
2. That a part of the charge was erroneous in having laid down law as applicable to a supposititious and different case, and in so stating it as that it was applied, by the jury, to the case on trial.
The substance of all the testimony is this: The defendant, Jacob Burnet, claimed to be the owner of the lot under a deed dated in 1804. He has occasionally driven persons away from the lot, and prevented sand-diggers from- carrying off sand. In 1820 he leased the privilege of digging sand. No fence was ever built around the lot, but, on the contrary, the lot was laid open as.a common, and was passed over daily by the witnesses. Mr. Burnet has his residence on the opposite side of the street, and his own lot, opposite to this, on which was his dwelling, was fenced in. He has paid taxes on the lot since 1810, and has once or twice brought suit against persons for trespassing on the lot; and has always claimed it as his own.
If these facts constitute an adverse possession, then the judgment is right. The evidence being all before the court, in the bill of exceptions, whether they constitute or amount to an adverse possession, is a question of law. "Adverse possession is a legal idea ;

SUPREME COURT.
[Ewing v. Burnet.]
admits of a legal definition of legal distinctions; and is, therefore, correctly laid down to be a question of law." Bradstreet v. Huntington. 5 Peters' Rep. 438.
'In the absence of proof of any actual possession of the premises in controversy, the law presumes a possession in the person having the legal. title: as the plaintiff's lessor shows the elder title in this case, and the law having attached to that title a:constructive possession, the proof of an actual adverse possession is cast upon the defendant. The law raises no presumptions against the elder title; it will not presume that any thing has been done: hence the defendant must show, beyond any reasonable doubt, first, that there has been an adverse possession; second, that adverse possession has continued for at least twenty-one years. 8 Cranch, 250; 5 Peters, 355; 3 Wendall, 152; 4 Mass. 417; 3 Johns. Ca. 124; 10 Serg. & Rawle, 305.
First. There must, then, have been an adverse possession; and here the inquiry will be what constitutes such a possession, so as to create a bar to the recovery of the true owner?
To constitute an ouster of him who was seised, the deprivor must have the actual exclusive occupation of the land, claiming to hold it against him who was seised, or he must actually turn him out of possession. 4 Mass. Rep. 418; I Mass. Rep. 486.
"Adverse possession must be marked by definite boundaries, and be regularly continued down, to render it availing." 9 Cowen, 654; 10 Johns. Rep. 477. "The act of limitation does not prevent the entry of the owner of the land, and bringing an jectment at any time, unless when there has been an actual, continued, visible, notorious, distinct, and hostile possession for lwenty-one years." 6 Serg. & Rawle, 23.
"Rights, barred by limitations, are where there is an actual, exclusive, adverse possession; definite, positive, and notorious; marked by definite boundaries; an uninterrupted and continued possession for twenty-one years." 3 Serg. & Rawle, 294; 1 Har. & Johnson, 545; 5 Har. & Johnson, 266. "The possession that will give a title, under the statute of limitations, must be an actual occupancy, apedispossessio, definite, positive, and notorious." 2 Nott & M'Cord, 343.
"Digging a canal, and felling trees, are not such acts of possession as may be the basis of the prescription of thirty years." 12 Martin's Rep. 11; 9 Martin's Rep. 123; Appendix to Adams on Eject. 493.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

45

[Ewing v. Burnet.]
"The occasional exercise of dominion, by broken and unconnected acts of ownership, over property which may be made permanently productive, is in no respect calculated to assert to the world a claim of right; for such conduct bespeaks rather the fitful invasions of a conscious trespasser, than the confident claims of a rightful owner." 2 N. Car. Law. Rep. 400. "This title by possession, so as to defeat a grant or other legal conveyance, is never to be presumed, but must be actually proved and shown, in order to rebut a prior title, in the same manner and with the same degree of precision, as plaintiff must show a clear title in himself before he can recover." 2
Bay's Rep. 491. "It is a settled rule that the doctrine of adverse possession is to be
taken strictly, and not to be made out by inference, but by clear and positive proof. Every presumption is in favour of possession in subordination to the title of the true owner." 9 John. Rep. 167; 8 Jahn. Rep. 228; 5 Pickering, 134-5; 3 John. Cases, 124; 1 Cowen, 285.
Again. There-must not only have been an adverse possession, but such possession must have continued during the period of twentyone years.
"This possession must not only continue, but it must continue the same in point of locality, during the prescribed period of time, suf-
ficient to constitute it a bar; that is to say, a roving possession, from one part of a tract of land to another, cannot bar the right of entry of the owner upon any.part of the land which had not been held
adversely for twenty-one years." Hall's Lgw Journal, 255, 256. "The possession must have so continued that at any time an ejectment might have been brought against an occupant on *theland, to try the right of entry." 3 A.-K. Marshall's Ken. Rep. 366.
"If there is any period, during the twenty years, in which the person having the right of entry could not find an occupant on the land, on whom he could bring and sustain his ejectment, that period cannot be counted against him." Braxdale v. Speed; 3 A. K. Marshall's Rep. 366; 4 Bibb, 257; 1 A. K. Marshall's Rep. 106; Smith
v. Mitchell; 1 A. K. Marshall's Rep. 208. "An occasional use of the land, either by cutting down and taking
away trees, digging or taking away.stone or sand, or making sugar once a year, will not amount to an adverse possession." 1 A. K. Marshall's Rep. 106.
"'In the case of Smitli v. Mitchell, 1 Marshall, 208, the court

SUPREME COURT.
[Ewing v. Burnet."
determined that the appellee, having occasionally, for upwards of twenty years, made sugar at a camp erected by him upon the land in contest, did not confer upon him such-a possession as would bar the plaintiff's right of entry." 3 3'. J. Marshall, 519.
Where the junior patentee, in such case, has neither settled upon nor imp'oved the land, the senior patentee, in such "case has a right to consider each act of occupation as a mere temporary intrusion." 3 J. J. Marshall, 552.
Applying these cases to the cause before the court, it is believed that the evidence given by the defendant, on the trial, did not establish an adverse possession, and that the court ought so to have instructed the jury. Taking the whole evidence together, and drawing all the fair legal inferences from it, it is not proved that the defendant has been in the continued adverse possession of the lot in controversy for twenty-one years. There is nothing more than evidence of occasional acts of ownership over the property. If cutting down trees, making sugar, digging canals, &c., on the land, are not evidence of an actual adverse possession; how can the occasional drawing of a load of sand, or driving people away from the lot, be considered as more convincing evidence of an actual possession?
It is not contended, that, in order to constitute an actual adverse possession the lot must be enclosed by a fence; on the contrary, it is admitted that a fence is not actually necessary; it is merely evidence of the fact of occupancy; but it is the actual occupancy itself, connected with the claim of title that constitutes the bar. Land may be occupied without a fence; and we know that in some countries, thousands of acres of land are occupied and tilled although not under fence. In many parts of Europe, at this day, this is the case. But the fact of the land being occupied, and crops annually gathered, shows that an exclusive ownership is claimed by some one; and if it is not the true owner that is so using the land, it becomes him to assert his right in time. So it is willifigly admitted that a lot may be so used and occupied for a period of years, without fencing, as to bar the right owner. For instance, a lot may be used for a coal or lumber yard; the continually keeping such coal-or lumber on the lot may as conclusively show an adverse holding, as though a fence was built around it. But because there may be such an adverse occupancy without ferree, it does not follow that every pretence of ownership, or even a succession of trespasses in digging or permitting others to dig a load of sand on the lot, will constitute an adverse holding.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Ewing v. Burnet.] Admit the doctrine to the full extent, as contended for by the defendant, and it leads to this 'esult, that any person may, by trespassing on his neighbour's lot or land occasionally, in the course of time become the owner of that land. Apply the same doctrine to wild land, and no man can safely own such property. Vacant lots in town are not usually enclosed, and so long as the public are permitted to pass over them, so long as they lie in common, it appears that it would be extremely dangerous to admit a title by adverse holding. If a man holding such property will rely upon a mere possession under a defective title, it is surely not requiring of him too much, (where no actual occupancy takes place,) in compelling him to erect his feic, thereby giving all the world to know that he claims, to the exclusion of all other owners. The decision made-by this Court,. in Ellicot and Pearl, 10 Peters, 414, since the trial of this cause, has been examined: the Court are not asked to interfere with that decision; nothing is found therein opposed to the present case. It is not contended thkt an occupancy of land can only be proved by the erection of a fence, or actual residence, or actual possession must be proved, without either fence or actual residence; and these are the positions decided in the cases alluded to. That case does not, therefore, affect the present controversy.
2. As to the second point, that the charge of the court was incorrect, in stating the law of a case different from that submitted to the jury, the judge said:... ,If the defendant paid the taxes for the lot ejected, and prosecuted trespassers on the lot, it being situated adjoining to the lot on which the defend:, tactually resided, except the intervention of a street, which had t been graded and opened so as to be useful to the public; and said lot preserved the view of the defendant from his residence unobstructed, and 'such possession was continued the time, &c., it would constitute an adverse possession."
This appears calculated to convey the. impression to the jury, -thai the mere design on the part of the occupant of a house, on an adjoining lot, not in dispute, to preserve an unbroken view to his residence, may be considered as tending to establish an adverse possession of the lot in dispute. Surely, such a position cannot be sustained upon any sound principle of law. If once admitted, it would place all vacant town lots in the utmost jeopardy. Nothing is more cornmon in towns, particularly of modern origin, than to have a house surrounded with vacant lots; and if an actual occupation, or an enclosure, can be dispensed with merely on the grouid that the claim-

SUPREME COURT.
[Ewing v. Burnet.] ant intended to preserve the view to a house on an adjoining lot, or a lot on the opposite side of the street; it is tantamount to establishing the proposition that neither actual occupancy, nor an enclosure, is necessary to constitute an adverse possession of a city lot
The charge of the court, therefore, was entirely incorrect; and must have had an influence with the jury unfavourable to the plaintiff's rights.
Mr. Ewing for the defendant. The point presented by the counsel for the plaintiff in error, that the establishment of a subsequent title derived from the same source as the prior title, cannot affect the prior title, was not presented in the circuit court; and it cannot therefore be made a part of the case in this Court.
The whole question on the trial of the cause was the effect of the adverse possession asserted by the defendant, resting it on the statute of limitations of Ohio, upon the title of the plaintiff by deed, admitted to be prior in date to the deed under which the defendant also claimed.
Under the statute of limitations of Ohio, and under the general law, the circuit court had no right to exclude from the jury the evidence of possession. Some of the witnesses expressly say that the defendant had possession of the lot for upwards of twenty years; and thus the court had no right to weigh the evidence. It was not the duty of the court to say the evidence did not make out the case.
It is true, title by possession is a legal title; but facts must be proved to make it out. The court was bound to state what facts would make out such a title, and they did so.
-Did the court lay down'the law correctly in favour of the plaintiff and the defendant, in the.charge to thejury? All the statements of the law are right, and the plaintiff has therefore no right to complain. It is said there cannot be two constructive possessions of the same property. This may be true; but the defendant does not claim a constructive possession, but an actual possession; and an ejectment might always have beez, brought against him by the plaintiff's lessee.
Mr. Storer in reply, insisted that asking a court to charge the jury whether the whole evidence was sufficient to establish an adverse possession, and asking instructions of the court on the whole evidence,.are the same as a demurrer to evidence.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Ewing v. Burnet.] Mr. Justice BALDWIN delivered the opinion of the Court. In the court below, this was an action of ejectment, brought in November, 1834,- by the lessor of the plaintiff, to recover possession of lot No. 209, in the city of Cincinnati; the legal title to which is admitted to have been in John Cleves Symmes, under whom both parties clalmed: the plaintiff, by a deed dated lth of June, 1798, to Samuel Foreman, who, on the next day, conveyed to Samuel Williams, whose right, after his death, became vested in the plaintiff: the defendant claimed by a deed to himself, dated 21st of May, 1803, and an adverse possession of twenty-one years before the bringing of the suit. It was in evidence tfat the lot in controversy is situated on the corner of Third and Vine streets; fronting on the former one hundred and ninety-eight, on the latter ninety-eight feet; the part on Third street is level for a short distance, but descends towards the south along a steep bank, from forty to fifty feet, to its south line; the side of it was washed'in gullies, over and around which the people of the place passed and repassed at pleasure. The bed of the lot was principally sand and gravel, with but little loam or soil; the lot was not fenced, nor had any building or improvement been erected or made upon it, until within a few years before suit brought; a fence could have been kept up on the level ground on the top of the hill on Third street, but not on its declivity, on account of the deep gullies washed in the bank; and its principal use and value was in the convenience of digging sand and gravel for the inhabitants. Third street separated this lot from the one on which the defendant resided from 1804, for many years, his mansion fronting on that street; he paid the taxes upon this lot from 1810, until 1834, inclusive; and from the date of the deed from S~mmes, until the trial, claimed it as his own. During this time, he also claimed the exclusive right of digging and removing sand 'and gravel from the lot; giving permission to some, refusing it to others; he brought actions of trespass against.those who had done it, and at different times made leases to different persons, for the purpose of taking sand and gravel therefrom, besides taking it for his own use, as he pleased. This had been d6ne by others without his permission, but there was no evidence of his acquiescence in the claim of any person to take or remove the sand or gravel, or that he had ever intermitted his claim to the exclusive right of doing so; on the contrary, several witnesses testified to his continued assertion of right to the lot; their knowledge of his exclusive claim, and their ignorance of any adverse claim for more than twenty-one years be-
VoL.. XI.-G

SUPREME COURT.
[Ewing v. Burnet.]
fore the present suit was brought. They further stated, as their conClusion from these facts, that the defendant had, from 1806, or 7, in the words of one witness, "had possession of the lot;" of another, that since 1804, "1 he was as perfectly and exclusively in possession, as any person could possibly be of a lot not built on or enclosed;" and of a third, "that since 1811, he had always been in the most rigid possession of the lot in dispute; a similar possession to other possessions on the hill lot." It was further in evidence, that Samuel Williams, under whom the plaintiff claimed, lived in Cincinnati, from 1803, till his death in 1824; was -informed of defendant having obtained a deed from Symmes, in 1803, soon after it was obtained, and kinew of his claim to the lot; but there was no evidence that he ever made an entry upon it, demanded possession, or exercised or assumed any exercise of ownership over it; though he declared to one witness, produced by plaintiff, that the lot was his, and he intended to claim and improve it when he was able. This declaration was repeated often; from 1803, till the fime of his death, and on his death-bed; and it appeared that he was, during all this time, very poor; it also appeared in evidence, by the plaintiff's witness, that the defendant was informed that Williams owned the lot before the deed from Symmes, in 1803, and after he had made the purchase.
This is the substance of the evidence given at the trial, and re-turnedwith the record and a bill of exceptions, stating that it contains all the evidence offered in the cause: whereupon the plaintiff's counsel moved the court to instruct the jury that on this evidence the plaintiff was entitled to a verdict; also that the evidence offered by the plaintiff and defendant, was not sufficient, in law, to establish an adverse possession by the defendant: which motions the court overruled. This forms the first ground of exception by the plaintiff to the overruling his motions: 1. The refusal of the court to instruct the jury that he was entitled to recover: 2. That the defendant had made out an adverse possession.
Before the court could have granted the first motion, they must have been satisfied that there was nothing in evidence, or any fact which the jury could lawfully infer therefrom, which could in any way prevent the plaintiff's recovery; if there was any evidence which conduced to prove any fact that could produce such effect, the court must assume such fact to have .been prqve.d; for it'is the exclusive province of the jury to decide what facis are proved by

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

51

[Ewing v. Burnet.] competent evidence, it was also their province to judge of the credibility of the witnesses, and the weight of their testimony, as tending, in a greater or less degree, to prove the facts relied on; as these were matters with which the court could not interfere, the plaintiff's right to- the instruction asked, must depend upon the opinion of the court, on a finding by the jury in favour of the defendant, on every. matter which the evidence conduced to prove; giving full credence to the witnesses produced by him, and discrediting the witbess for the plaintiff.
Now as the jury might have-refused credence to the onl; "'itness who testified to the notice given to- the defendant of Williams' ownershipi of the lot in 1803, and of his subsequent assertion of claim, and intention to improve it; the testimony of this witness must be thrown out of the case, in testing the correctness of the court in overruling this motion; otherwise we should hold the court below to have erred, in not instructing the jury on a matter exclusively for their consideration; the credibility of a witness, or how far his evidence tended to prove a fact, if they deemed him credible. This view of the case, throws the plaintiff'back to his deed, as the only evidence of title; on the legal effect of which, the court were bound to instruct the jury as matter of law, which is the only question to be considered on this exception.
It is clear, that the plaintiff had the elder legal title to the lot in dispute, and that it gave him a right of possession, as well as the legal seisin and possession thereof, co-extensively with his right; which continued till he was ousted by an actual adverse possession; 6 Pet. 743; or his right of possession had been in some other way barred. It cannot be doubted, that from the evidence adduced by the defendant, it was competent for the jury td infer these facts; that he had claimed this lot under colour and claim of title, from 1804, till 1834; had exercised acts of ownership on, and over it, during this whole period; that his claim was known to Williams and to the plaintiff; was visible; of public notoriety for twenty years previous to the death of Williams. Arid if the jury did not credit the plaintiff's witness, they might also find that the defendant had no actual notice of Williams' claim; that it was unknown to the inhabitants of the place, while that of. the defendants was known; and that Williams never did -claim the lot, or assert a right to it from 1803, till his death in 1824. The jury might also draw the same conclusion from these factsi as -the witnesses did; that the de-

SUPREME COURT.
[Ewing v. Burnet.]
fendant was during the whole time in possession of the lot, as strictly, perfectly, and exclusively, as any person could be of a lot not enclosed or built upon; or as the situation of the lot would admit of. The pla-tiff must therefore rely on a deed of which he had given no notice, and in opposition to all the evidence of the defendant, and every fact which a jury could find, that would show a right of possession in him, either by the presumption of a release or conveyance of the elder legal title, or by an adverse possession. On the evidence in the cause the jury might have presumed a release, a conveyance, or abandonment of the claim or right of Williams, under a deed in virtue of which he had made no assertion of right from 1798, in favour of a possession, such as the defendant held from 1804; though it may not have been strictly such an adverse possession, as would have been a legal bar under the act of limitations. There may be circumstances which would justify such a presumbtion in less than twenty-one years: 6 Pet. 513: and we think that the evidence in this case was in law sufficient to authorize the jury to have made the presumption to protect a possession of the nature testified for thirty years; and if the jury could so presume, there is no error in overruling the first motion of the plaintiff.
On the next motion, the only question presented is on the legal sufficiency of the evidence to make out an ouster of the legil scisin Iand possession of Williams by the defendant; and a continued adverse possession for twenty-one years belore suit brought.
An entry by one man on the land of another, is an ouster of the legal possession arising from the title, or not; according to the intention with which itis done: if made under claim and colour of right, it is an ouster; otherwise it is a mere trespass, in legal language the "ntention guides the entr'y, and fixes its character. That the evidence in this case justified 'he jury in finding an entry by the def6ndant on thislot, as early as 1804, cannot be doubted; nor that he claimed the exclusive right4o it under colour of title, from that time till suit brought There was abundant evidence of the intention with which the first entry was made, as well as of the subsequent acts related by the witnesses, to justify a finding that they were in assertion of a right in himself; so that the only inquiry is, as to the nature of the possession kept up. It is well settled that to constitute an adverse possession, there need not be a fence, building, or other improve'ment made: 10 Pet. 442: it suffices for this purpose, that -isible and notorious acts of ownership are exercised over the premises in con-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

53

[Ewing v. Burnet.] troversy, for twenty-one years, after an entry under claim and colour of title. So much depends on the nature and situation of the property, the uses to which it can be applied, or to which the owner or claimant may choose to apply it; that it is'difficult to lay down any precise rule adapted to all cases. But it may with safety be said, that where acts of ownership have been done upon land, which, from their nature indicate a notorious claim of property in it, and are continued for twenty-one years, with the knowledge of an adverse claimant without interruption, or an adverse entry by him, for twenty-one years; such acts are evidence of an ouster of a former owner, and an actual adverse possession against him: if the jury shall think, that the property was not susceptible of a more strict, or definite possession than had been so taken, and held. Neither actual occupation, cultivation, or residence, are necessary to constitute actual possession; 6 Pet. 513; when the property'is so situated as not to admit of any permanent useful improvement: and the continued claim of the party has been evidenced by public acts of ownership, such as he would exercise over property which he claimed in his own right, and would not exercise over property which he did not claim. Whethek this was the situation of the lot in question, or such was the nature of the acts done, was the peculiar province of the jury; the evidence in our opinion was legally sufficient to draw the inference that such were the facts of the case; and if found specially, would have entitled the defendant to the judgment of the court in his favour; they, of course, did not ei'r in refusing to instruct the jury that the evidence was not sufficient to make out an adverse possession.
The remaining exceptions are to the charge of the court, in which
we can perceive no departure from established principles. The learned judge was very explicit in stiting the requisites of an adverse possession; the plaintiff had no cause of complaint of a charge, stating that exclusive appropriation by an actual occupancy; notice to the public, and all concerned of the claim, and enjoyment of profits by defendant, were all necessary. No adjudication of this court has established stricter rules than these: and if any doubts could arise, as to their entire correctness, it would be on an exception by the defendant. In applying them in the subsequent part of the charge to the evidence, there seems to have been no relaxation of these rules. The case put by the court, as one of adverse possession, is of a valuable sand bank exclusively possessed, and used by the defendant, for his

SUPREME COURT.
[Ewing v. Xurnet.]
own benefit, by using and selling the sand; and this occupancy, notorious to the public alid all concerned; which fully meets all the requisites before stated, to constitute adverse possession. If we take the residue of the charge literally, it would seem to superadd other requisites; as the payment of taxes, ejecting and prosecuting trespassers on/the lot; its contiguity to the defendant's residence, &c.; but such is not the fair construction of the charge, or the apparent meaning of the court. These circumstances would seem to have been alluded to, to show the intention with which the acts previously referred to were done; in which view tlfey were important, especially, the uninterrupted payment of taxes on the lot for twentyfour successive years; which is powerful evidence of a claim of right to the whole lot. The plaintiff's counsel has considered these circumstances as making a distinct-case in the opinion of the court, for the operation of the statute; and has referred to the punctuation of the sentene, in support of this view of the charge. Its obvious meaning is, however, to state these as matters acditional or cumulative to the preceding facts; not as another distinct case made out by the evidefce, on which alone the jury could find an adverse possession. Punctuation is a most fallible standard by which to interpret a writing; it may be resorted to when all other means fail; but- the Court will first take the instrument by its four corners, in order to ascertain iis true meaning: if that is apparent on judicially inspecting the whole, the punctuation will not be suffered to change it.
It has also been urged, in argument, that as the defendant had notice of the claim of Williams, his possession was not fair and honest, and so not protected by the statute. This admits of two answers: 1. The jury were authorized to negative any notice; 2. Though there was such notice of a prior deed, as would make a subsequent one inoperative to pass any title, yet an adverse possession for twenty-one years, under claim and colour of title, merely void, is a bar; the statutory protection being necessary, only where the defendant has no other title but possession, during the period prescribed.
The judgment of the circuit court, is therefore affirmed.

THE DECISIONS
OF
THE SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITFD STATES,
JANUARY TERM, 1837.
LEssEE OF JOSEPH MARLATT, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. JOHN SILK,
AND JOHN MDONALD.
Ejectment. A tract of land situated in that part of the state of Pennsylvania, which, by the compact with the state of Virginia, of 1780, was acknowledged to be within the former state, was held under the provisions of an act of assembly of Virginia, passed in 1779, by which actual bona fide settlers, prior to 1778, were declared to be entitled to the land on which the settlement was made, not exceeding four hundred acres. The settlement was made in 1772. Of this tract, in the year 1786, a survey was made, and returned into the land office of Pennsylvania, and a patent was granted for the same. The title set up by the defendants in the ejectment was derived from two land warrants from the land office of Pennsylvania, dated in 1773, under which surveys were made in 1778, and on which patents were issued on the 9th of March, 1782. The compact confirms private 'property and rights existing previous to its date, under and founded on, and recognised by the laws of either state, falling within the other; preference being given to the elder or prior right: subject to the payment of the purchase money required by the laws of the state in which they might be, for -such lands. HELD: that the title derived under the Virginia -law of 1779, and afterwards perfected by the patent from Pennsylvania, in 1788, was a valid title, and superior to that asserted under the warrants of 1773, and the patent founded on them, and issued in 1782.
VOL. XI.-A

SUPREME COURT.
[Marlatt v. Silk.] The title derived under the act of the legislature of Virginia, of 1779, commenced in
1772 when the settlement was made; and therefore stands as a right, prior in its commencement to that originatibg under the warrants of 1773. The question of title between the contending parties is not to be decided by the laws or decisions of either Pennsylvania or Virginia, but by the compact of 1780. The principles on which the case of Jackson v. Chew, 12 Wheat. 163, are decided, ard not affected by the decisions of the court in this case. In the case of Jackson v. Chew, the court said that it adopted the state decisions, when applicable to the title of lands., That was in a case the decision of which depended on the laws of the state, and on their construction by the tribunals of the state, In the case at bar, the question arises under, and is to be decided by a compact between two states, where the rule of decision is not to be collected from the decisions of either state, but is one of an international character.
IN error to the district court of. the United States for the western district of Pennsylvahia.
The plaintiff in error, a citizen of the state of Ohio, instituted an actiozi of ejectment against the defendants, at October term, 1831, to recover a tract of land situated in Alleghany county, Pennsylvania; and the case was tried before the district court for the western district of Pennsylvania, in October, 1835. A verdict and judgment,. under the charge of the court, were rendered in favour of the defendants, and the plaintiff having taken exceptions to the charge, prosecuted this writ of error.
The case, as stated, in the opinion of this Court was as follows:Thomas, Watson, under whom the plaintiff in error claims, on the 25th of April, 1780, obtained from certain commissioners of' Virginia, a certificate, entitling him to four hundred acres of land, by virtue of an act of assembly of Virginia, passed in May, 1779; the f6urth section of which, after reciting that great numbers of people -had settled in the country upon the western waters, upon waste and unappropriated land, for which they have been hitherto prevented from suing.out patents, or obtaining legal titles, &c., enacts, "that all persons who at any time before the first day of January, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, have really and bona fide settled themselves or their families, or at his or her or their charge, have settled others upon any waste or unappropriated lands on the said western waters, to which no other person hath any legal right or claim, shall be allowed for every family four hundred acres of land, or such smaller quantity as the party chooses to include in such settlement." This certificate was granted in right of a settle-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Marlatt v. Silk.]
ment which had been made by Watson, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two. This evidence of right under Virginia, was subsequently transferred to the-land office of Pennsylvania, (the land having, under a compact between that state and Virginia, been ascertained to be within the limits of Pennsylvania) and on the first of November, 1786, a survey of his claim was made and returned to the land office of that state, and a patent issued thereon by that state, in the year seventeen hundred and ninety-one, including the settlement made in 1772, and including the land in controversy. The defendants claim under Edward Hand, who, by virtue of two land warrants granted by Pennsylvania, one for three hundred acres, dated 24th November, 1773, the other for the same quantity, dated 27th November, 1773, caused surveys to be made on both on the 21st January, 1778, and on the 9th of March, 1782, obtained patents on both surveys, embracing the land in controversy.
Both Pennsylvania and Virgidia having claimed the territory, of which the land in controversy is a part, as being within their limits. The dispute was finally adjusted by a compact made between them, which was ratified by Virginia on the 23d of June, 1780, with certain conditions annexed; and absolutely by Pennsylvania, on the 23d of September, 1780, with an acceptance of the conditions annexed by Virginia.
The compact declares; "That the private property and rights of all persons acquired under, founded on, or recognised by the laws of either country, previous to the date hereof, shall be secured and confirmed to them, although they should be found to fall within the other; and that in disputes thereon, preference shall be given to the elder or prior right, whichever of the said states the same shall have been acquired under; such persons paying to the said states, in whose boundary the same shall be included, the same purchase or consideration money, which would have been due from them to the state under which they claimed the right."
The case was presented to the court in printed arguments, by Mr. Forward and Mr. Fetterman for the plaintiff in error: and by Mr. Ross for the defendants.
It was contended for the plaintiff that, in the construction given, the district court had erred.
The rights of the parties to this cause will turn upon the constructioa that may be given to the compact for the settlement of

SUPREME COURT.
[Marlatt v: Silk.] boundaries, entered into between Virginia and' Pennsylvania, in the year 1780, and finially ratified in 1784. Smith's edition of the laws of Pennsylvania, 2d vol. 261. Sims' lessee v. Irvine, 3d Dall. Rep. 426. "It *was a condition of the compact, that the private property and rights of all persons acquiredunder, founded on,
or recognised by the lciws of either country previous to the date hereof,be secured and confirmedto them, although they should be found to fall within theother, and that in disputes thereon,preference shall be given to the elder or prior right,whichever of the said states the same shall have been acquired under; such persons paying to the states, within whose boundary their lands shall be included, the same purchase or consideration money, which would have been due from them to the state under which they claimed the right." Thomas Watson in 1772, entered with his family on a tract of vacant land, of which the land in dispute is a part. He continued to reside on and cultivate the tract until his death in 1806. He sold from time to time parcels of this .land; and in the year 1790, transferred and conveyed part of the tract, including his mansion house and improvements.
At the same time he removed to'the piece now In dispute, where he built a house, commenced a new clearing, and resided until his death. His heirs, and those claiming under them, continued the possession until expelled by the sheriff under a writ of haberefacias possessionem, issued in 1830,-pursuant to a judgment obtained in the case of Brien et al. v. Elliot and others,' reported in 2 Penn.Reports, page 49. Whether Watson entered on the lands originally as a Virginia settler, doesuot appear. But the land commissioners of that state being in his neighbourhood, he appeared before them on the 25th of April, 1780, and caused his claim to be entered agreeably to the requisitions of an act of assembly of Virginia, passed in May, 1779, Sec. 8. 10. Henning's Statutes at Large, p. 42, 43, 45, 46. After the ratification of the compact in 1784, his Virginia entry was transferred to the land office of Pennsylvania; and on the 1st of November, 1786, a survey of his claim was made, returned and accepted in thfe land office, and a patent issued in 1791. The amount of purchase money paid by Watson to the state of Pennsylvania, was the same that he would have paid tO the state of Virginia, had his title been completed in that state. The defendant gave in evidence three Virginia entries, dated in February, 1780. Upon these entries no surveys had ever been made, nor had the inceptive equity,

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Marlatt v. Silk.]
which they are alleged to have conferred, been prosecuted in any way by the owners or holders thereof. It was not shown that those entries described or called for the land in dispute; nor did it appear in evidence, that'the improvement, which by the law of Virginia was made the basis of a Virginia entry, had ever been made. Having no legal foundation, and being moreover abandoned; the defendant's Virginia entries are regarded as mere nullities, and undeserving of farther notice. The defendants' title rests upon warrants issued by the land office of Pennsylvania, on the 24th of November, 1773, surveyed in January, 1778, and patented the 9th of March, 1782; and the important question is this, whether," under the compact between Pehnsylvania and Virginia, his title is to be preferred to that of Watso*n, which, although perfected by a patent from the government of Pennsylvania, was, in its inceptive state, recognised by the state of Virginia. It is admitted by the court below, that if Watson had waved his Virginia entry, and prosecuted his earlier settlement right under Pennsylvania, there could be no doubt of the plaintiff's right to recover. "Watson had it in his power to obtain a warrant from Pennsylvania, and to charge himself with interest from the date of his settlement: if he had done so, his survey made under such -warrant would have given him the preference; but having his election, he chose to resort to a Virginia entry in 1780, thereby asserting a different jurisdiction, &c." A like concession is found in the opinion of the chief justice of the supreme court of Pennsylvania. "As an improver under Pennsylvania, Watson might have appropriated the land in dispute, by a survey in a reasonable time." This improvement was begun in the year 1760, [1772] "but as a Pennsylvaniasettlerhe had no survey at all," 2 Penn.Rep. 60. It is proper to remark here, that in Pennsylvania, a right founded on a prior actual settlement which has not been abandoned, is just as valid in law as a right vested by a prior warrant or patent. "Title by settlement and improvement, is now as well established as any species of title in Pennsylvania; and very often has been preferred to warrant, survey and patent." Less. of Bonnet v. Dembaugh et al. 3 Binney Rep. 175. Nicholas v. Lafferty, 3 Yeates, 272. Lessee of Elliott v. Bonnet, 3 Yeates, 287.
It is not even necessary to the validity of a settlement right) so long as the settler remains in actual possession, that his boundaries be defined by an official survey; and if encroached upon or expelled from his possession, he may, recover in ejectment. Davis v.

SUPREME COURT.
[Mar]att v. Silk.]
Keeper, 4 Bin. 161, and Gilday v. Watson, 2 S. & R. 410. The only difficulty is, that without a survey, the claim of the settler is so indefinite, that an action cannot be supported by reason of the uncertainty of the land to be recovered: but in the first place, it cannot be denied that the land on which a man has built a house, and that also which has been cultivated and enclosed by him, may be ascertained with absolute certainty. Neither do we thifik it can be denied, that in the case now under consideration, the claim of the settler may be reduced to certainty, because it is bounded by the lines of adjoining surveys. So likewise may a claim by a settlement be precisely ascertained, when the settler has defined his Ifinits by an unofficial survey marked on the ground, and made known to the neighbourhodd: Chief J. Tilghman in Luck et al v. Duff, 6 Sergeant & Rawle, 19!. The holder of a later warrant is' not permitted to encroach upon a prior settler, and cut off land adjacent to his improvement; under the pretext that there is surplus land, and that the settler can fill his claim in another direction. Such encroachment was held unlawful, although made in 1814, upon a settlement which commenced in 1775, and upon which no legal survey had ever been made: Blair v. M'Kee, 6 Sergeant & Rawle, 193: and the same principle is recognised in Breck et al. v. Moon et al. 7 Sergeant & Rawle, 330, 335.
These -cases show how settlenient rights have been appreciated in Pennsylvania. They demonstrate not only that Watson, by waving his Virginia entry, and obtaining a wprrant and patent under Pennsylvania, might have held the lands against the pateitas of the defendants, but that by waving his Virginia entry, he might have held it under his actual settlement alone. Had a controversy arisen in a Pennsylvania court, between Watson and Hand, prior to the ratification of the compact in 1784, Watson's settlement right would have been adjudged, without hesitation, to be valid; and Hand's title would have been treated as a nullity. The fact, if true, that Watson originally settled under what he supposea to be the rightful jurisdiction of Virginia, or that he had acknowledged her jurisdiction by appearing before her land commissioners, and procuring au entry of his land; would not have impaired, or in the least affected the merits of his settlement, title: Pennrs31vania always favoured and encouraged actual settlements, and they were sanctioned and held sacred, without any inquiry as to the opinion which the settlers might have entertained upon the abstfuse and doubtful ques-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

7

[Marlatt v. Silk.]
tion of state jurisdiction. Had Pennsylvania receded from the contest, and yielded to Virginia without any.compact the territory which included the land in dispute, Watson's title would have been
unquestionable. For although it.may be true, that before the passage of the Virginia act of May, 1779, the land in dispute might have been entered and patented under that state by any person, notwithstanding a prior settlenient by another; and although the same act of assembly of 1779 .may "apply only to controversies between mere settlers;" yet the fourth section of that act enacts, "that all persons who at any time before the first day of January, 1778, have really and bona fide settled themselves andtheir families upon any waste lands on the said western waters, to which no other person hath any legal right, a claim shall be allowed for every family so settled, of 400 acres of land:" and as Watson had really and bona
,fide settled himself with his family on the lands in dispute, in 1772; was residing on it as a bonafide settler in January, 1778, and May, 1779, he was therefore entitled, as a settler, to the protection of the
act, until a superior title by settlement, warrant or patent, under Virginia, should appear against him. No such superior title has been shown to have existed in General Hand; and as against him, Watson's title, in a Virginia court, would have been valid and undeniable. How then does it happen, that this title, which in the absence of the compact would have prevailed without difficulty in the courts of either state, is under and by the compact rendered worthless? The reason assigned by the court below for this strange result is, that Watson, instead of obtaining a warrant from Pennsylvania, has lost his preference by resorting to his Virginia entry, and thereby asserting a different jurisdiction.
Had the compact been less careful in saving and preserving the rights of property originating under the respective governments than we find it to be; had the claimants under Virginia been thrown upon the courtesy or compassion of Pennsylvania without a guaranty or stipulation in their behalf; it might be very properly urged, that a party who persisted in holding on to his bad title, because it was the cheapest, should not have the benefit of a good one which he had thereby repudiated. But the compact is not silent on the subject of Virginia claimants. Their rights are anxiously guarded by clauses which would seem to exclude the possibility of their being either postponed or frittered away by any effort of construction. "The
private property and rights of all persons acquired under or recog-

SUPREME COURT.
[Marlattv Silk.] nised by the- laws of either country, are saved and eo11firiucd tu them, althoggh they should fall within.the other: and 1)reference shall be given to the elder or prior right, whicliever of the said states the same shall have been acquired under, such person paying the same purchase money which would have been iuLteo the state under which they claimed the right." The reasoning of the court below is repugnant. not only to the sense and spirit of the a)bovC provision in the compact, but is flatly opposed to its words. If
Watson could not, without disadvanlage or peril, obtain a patent upon his settlement and Virginia entry, on paying the price originally due to Virginia; then the stipulation which pro)osed to set forth the terms upon which all his rights should le saved, was a mere decoy or trap. The injustice of this exposition is not limited to settlers under Virginia; it would be equally fital to the claim founded upon warrants and surveys under that state. The rights to perfect such title by a patent from Pennsylvania, on payment of the Virginiaprice of the land, if not already paid; rests upon a footing neither brader nor more safe, than that of the settler with a Vir-
ginia entry. The rights of both are secured by the same words; and if the non-
payment of the Pennsylvania price of the land, with interest from the origin of the title, is a fatal delinquency in the one case, it must be equally so in the other; and the consequence must necessarily be, that the holder of a Virginia title, of any description, which has been completed by a patent from Pennsylvania,on paying the same purchase or consideration money, which would have been due from him to Virginia, must faliinl a conflict with a Pennsylvania title; although the Pennsylvania title be not the elder or prior right. These consideration-s show that the construction given 1o the compact, by the court below, is hostile to its terms; and would be, if carried out in practice, disreputable to Pennsylvania. The titles of Watson and Hand constituted one of the subjects of controvers,, in the ease of Brien and Wife v. Elliot and others, reported in 2(1 Penn. Rep. 49. In that case the court was equally divided: and the opinion which appears in the printed report would not, aside of its intrinsic merits, be entitled to any weight in an inferior court of the state in which it.was pronounced: much less will it be regarded here as conveying the views of the supreme court of Pennsylvania upon the question under on:sideration, as under the law of Pennsylvania
onq verdict and judgment are not conclusive: and it is p)erlipls (Ie

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Marlatt v. Silk.]
to the learned Chief Justice to remark, in conclusion," that his opinion may have been influenced by an unfortunate misconception of the facts of the case. He supposed the title of Hand to have originated in a location bearing date the 3d April, 1769, three years before the settlement of Watson. But the commencement of- Hand's title was the warrant of 1773 above referred to. No location was given in evidence by either party applicable to this land. But even if it were so regarded, the construction given by that court, to the compact with Virginia, although regarded with all proper deference, would not be adopted by this court as a matter of course. The possibility if not the certainty of a different and opposite construction, prevail-
ing in the courts of Virginia, makes it both proper and necessary, that the true meaning of the compact shoull be sought for and declared by this court, unfettered by the opinions of. others. It is found in its terms, to recognise and save every description of right. The high contracting parties designed that the benefits secured by it to the claimants under both governments, should be equal and reci.procal; and that their titles should have, respectively, all the advantage and efficacy, that could be derived under the laws of either. This is so plain as never to have been questioned or doubted, in any cage arising under the compact. In the case of Brien et al. v. Elliot, 2 Penn. R. 60, 61, it is premised as the basis of the argument of Chief Justice Gibson, an argument which conducted him to a conclusion directly opposite to the premises from "which it-was drawn. His language is as follows: "Whatever may have been the case originally, the titles of both 'states' were, as regards the question of priority
put by the compact, exactly on a footing, and are by a fair construction to be treated as if they had always been so. Unless they were considered to have-been in relation to each other, valid coexistent rights from the beginning, as far as regards jurisdiction, how could
there be any comparison as to dates ?" The very basis of the compact is an admission that the jurisdic-
tion shall be taken to have been in common, and that claimants under the one state shall be entitled to the same protection against claimants under.the other, " that they wouid be entitled to between themselves." Upon this construction of the comp'act, it would seem necessarily to follow,.that Watson in a contest with Hand, wic claimed under Pennsylvania warrants, would be entitled to all the advanthges of a Pennsylvania settler, and must of course prevail. But this natural inference was rejected by the learned Chief Justice;
VOL. XI.--B

SUPREME COURT.
[Marlatt v. Silk.]
and instead of allowing to Watson's improvement the merit to which, under his own -proposition it was entitled, he treats it as a nrere Virginia settlement, giving no colour of title till 1779; and then, by transmuting Hand's Pennsylvania warrants, into Virginia warrants, he discovers that they are the "elder or prior title." With all possible respect for the learned Chief Justice, we must be allowed to say, that in this instance, the use made of his own construction of the compact is most inapt and injurious. It is not true that as against Pennsylvania warrants, Watson had no colour of title prior to 1779; as against those warrants, his title under the laws of Virginia, was valid from the date of his settlement. But the learned judge supposed that by the compact, Hand's Pennsylvania warrants ,were converted into Virginia warrants; and that the rule applied in the case of Jones v. Williams, 1 Wash. Rep. 231, which was a conflict between Virginia claimants, unaffected by the compact, was decisive of the present case. We contend, however, that if under the compact a Pennsylvania warrant is clothed with ihe merit and efficacy of a Virginia warrant, a Virginia settlement is also invested with all the attributes and advantages of a Pennsylvaniasettlement. This is not only the clear import of the compact, but it is adopted by the learned Chief Justice himself; and it is only by denying to his own rule, the reciprocity secured by the compact, and dictated by every principle of reason and equity, that Watson's title can be rendered doubtful.
The learned Chief Justice says, that Virginia "having recognised the grants of another stat e as being equally valid as her own, it is fair to say she recognised them as being attended with all the incidents of her own, against which, it appears by her own court, the doctrine of priority by relation never prevailed." This reasoning of the learned Chief Justice may be very pertinent and true, but if it be so, then it mtis follow; that Pennsylvania also having recognised the rights of all persons acquired finder, founded on, or recognised by the laws of Virginia, as being equally valid as her own; it is fair to say,. she recognised them as being attended with all the incidents of her own: consequently, that Watson's settlement is, in the compact, recognised by her, as equally valid as a Pennsylvania settlement. This is plain reasoningiand a fair exposition of the compact. The error of the learned judge is in applying it to the claims originating under Pennsylvania, while he denies its application to claims origiiating under Virginia.

Ji-NUARY TERM, 1837.

11

[Marlatt v. Silk.] Keeping in view the application of the compact, as made by the learned judge, to the case of a Pennsylvania warrant in conflict with a Virginia settlement, it may be inquired, What would be the fate of a Virginia warrant dated in 1773, in conflict with a Pennsylvania settlement originating in 1772? The reasoning, of the learned judge requires the postponement of the Virgipia title in this case also; and thus, while a Pennsylvania warrant is made to prevail against a prior Virginia settlement, a Pennsylvania settlement will prevail against a Virginia warrant. Further, it has been shown that such settlement is by the laws of Pennsylvania a perfectly valid title from its commencement, and cannot be over-reached or affected by a later warrant and survey and patent. Such being the case, the argument of the learned judge would give to a settler under Pennsylvania, who may have entered in that character upon Watson's tract in 1778, an older and better title than Watson's; and had such settler been removed by an action of ejectment at the suit of Watson before the compact, he (like a Pennsylvania warrantee or patentee, removed in the same manner) might, after the compact, have re-entered upon Watson and turned him out by action of ejeetment Proving thereby, that the law and the rights of the parties were one way before the compact, and another way after the compact. The learned Chief Justice appears to have foreseen this result of his reasoning, and he has accordingly provided for it by asserting (2 Penn. R. 61) thaL "the power of the two states to regulate questions of title to the soil even at the expense of rights previously vested under either, is not now to be questioned The compact is necessarily founded on an assumption of it. Here was no constitutional limitation on either side, and the parties acting in the capacity of sovereignsy were fettered by no rule but their sense of expediency and'justice. The consideration was the compromise of an international dispute; and the individuals whose titles were jeoparded, had no right to call on the state under which they held, to assert their rights to the soil." This is a aling very plainly with the compact, and with titles claiming its protection. The fact that Watson had a vested right prior to the date of the compact,,which might have been maintained under either government against the warrants and surveys of Hand, has been 'clearly demonstrated; and the fact, that by the judgment of the supreme court of Pennsylvania, the compact which expressly guarantied his right, has been made.the instrument of its destruction, is equally certain. A latent intention which the compact expressly

SUPREME COURT.
[Marlatt v. Silk.]
repels by the declaration of a contrary intention, is finally imputed to it: and as Virginia had the pQwer of annihilating the vested rights of claimants to whom her faith was pledged, it is insinuated that she has actually .done it. If such be not the meaning of the learned judge, then his language is inapplicable and out of place. We insist that this implied imputation upon the faith and honour of Virginia, rests on nothing better than mere assumption; that it is disclaimed by her in express terms, and repudiated by the confirming act of Pennsylvania, cited by the learned judge, in support of his opinion referred to. "Although the conditions annexed by the legislature of Virginia to the ratification of the boundary line agreed to by the commissioners of Pennsylvania, Virginia, and Maryland, may seem to countenance-some unixarrantable claim which may be made under Virginia in consequence of pretended purchases or settlements pending the controversy; yet this state does agree to the condition proposed by the state of Virginia," &c. 3d Dallas' Reports, 426, Sims' lessee v. Irvine. Such was the understanding of the legislature of Pennsylvania; and like every other document emanating from the government of either state, respecting their controversy about limits, their desire to save and protect every description of private right, is a fact beyond cavil; and when it is recollected that neither state proposed to compromise or touch any rights of soil previously vested in individuals; that the controversy was carefully restricted to the adjustment of boundaries, and-that it terminated in an explicit, recorded disclaimer of any purpose ta unsettle or jeoparid pyivate rights; a construction of the compact which displaces a pre-existing valid title, by one that is pfoved-to have been comparatively worthless, is a violation of its terms, and a palpable breach of the public faith. The learned Chief Justice remarks, 2 Penn. R. 62, that the confirming act of Pennsylvania was doubtless an agreement to close with Virginia on her own terms, and to encounter the danger of fraud and imposition of surreptitious titles which these terms rendered more imminent; not to waive all scrutiny and submit to fraud and imposition when it might be detected.
If, by this language, a suggestion is intended to be conveyed, that WcVatson's title is liable to the imputation of fraud, or that the case b~for6 the supreme court of Pennsylvania involved any question as to his Virginia entry hnving been fraudulently obtained; then the case was totally misconceived by the learned Chief Justice. For it was neither proved nor pretended that Watson's title was surrepti-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

13

[Marlatt v. Silk.]
tious or fraudulent If the learned Chief Justice intended to express a truism which no one ever disputed, and to take the risk of its being adopted by others, as a proper and the only basis of his conclusion; then his language was inapplicable to the case.
The cases of Smith v. Brown, 1Yeates, 516, and Hyde's less. v.Torrence, 2 Yeates, 445, referred to by the learned Chief Justice, afford no countenance whatever to his opinion. In the case of Smith v. Brown, the plaintiff claimed under Pennsylvania, by a title origina.ting in an actual settlement which commenced in 1769. The de-
fendant claimed under a Virginia entry, ieciting a settlement commenced in 1770, but which was not proved on the trial. It was decided, that the recital of the settlement in the Virginia entry, was not conclusive as against the Pennsylvania claimant. In that case, the general rule of the compact is affirmed, viz: that there can be no reasonfor making a distinction between settlers under Virginia and Pennsylvania, 1 Yeates, 517. In the case of Hyde's lessee v. Torrence, 2 Yeates, 440, 442, the court reiterated the principle decided in the case of Smith v. Brown. In both cases, however, the question whether prior settlements. had been made under Virginia, was regarded by t4e counsel and court as material, if not vital: and in this respect they are authorities in favour of Watson's title.

Mr. Ross, for the defendants, argued. A preliminary question arises, whether the decision of the supreme court of Pennsylvania, in this very controversy, must not be deemed conclusive. An attempt may be made to break its force by asserting that the judges were divided on the point now brought up. Where is the evidence of such division? A great number of pointssome of them of little importance-were discussed on that occasion; and a difference of opinion, upon any one of them, would lead, to the brief memorandum of dissent made hby the reporter. But, asid6 from this consideration, is it not enough that in the state courts of Pennsylvania, this controversy, relating to a tract of land within her boundaries, would be considered as closed? In 12 Wheaton, 107, Mr. Justice Thompson, delivering the opinion of the Supreme Court of the United States, says, "This court adopts the state decisions, because they settle the law applicable to the case; and the reasons assigned for this course apply as well to rules of construction growing out of the common law as the statute law of the state, when

SUPREME COURT.
[Marlatt v. Silk.]
applied to the title of lands. And such a course is indispensable in order to preserve uniformity; otherwise the peculiar constitution of the judicial tribunals of the states *ofthe United States would be productive of the greatest mischief and confusion." The civil jurisdiction of the federal tribunals was conferred, in order to secure to the foreigner, or to the citizen of another state, an impartial hearing; and the institution is perverted when litigation may there be renewed, long after it had been put an end to, as between citizens of the state whose soil is the subject of controversy.
Supposing, however, the opinion of the supreme court of Pennsylvania to be open to criticism and reversal, can it be successfully assailed?
Previous to the act passed by the legislature of Virginia in 1779, a title to waste lands in that state, could not be acquired by
improvement. "Before that time, those lands might have, been entered and pa-
tented, notwithstanding prior settlements by others; and even this act, which considers settlers entitled to some compensation for the risk they had run, allows them a preference only to such settlements as at that time were waste and unappropriated. As to priority of settlement, it might still remain a question between persons, both of whom claim under the same sort of title; but the law of 1779 does not set up rights of this sort so as to defeat those legally acquired under warrants: it applies to controversies between mere settlers." Such are the words of the president of her court of appeals, in delivering its opinion in Jones v. Williams, 1 Wash. Rep. 231. It is said, however, that this is predicated of prior appropriations under grants by Virginia, and not those of Pennsylvania, which were disregarded before the period of the compact. Be it so. But whatever may have been the case originally, the titles under both were, "as regards the question 6f priority, put by the compact exactly on a footing; and are by fair construction of it, to be treated as if they, had always been so. Unless they were considered to have been, in relation to each other, valid, co-ekistent rights from the beginning, as far as regards jurisdiction, how could there be any comparison as to dates? The very basis of the compact is an admission that the jurisdiction shall be taken to have been in common; and that claimants under the one state, shall be entitled to the same protection against claimants under the other, that they would be entitled to between themselves. If then the plaintiff's title under Pennsylvania

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Marlatt v. Silk.]
was perfected before Watson had even colour of fitle by the laws of Virginia, will an expost facto law, which it is conceded would noi give him his title by relation against a prior grantee of Virginia, be more efficient against a grantee of Pennsylvania? It is an unfair construction to say, that a Virginia title shall be judged of as it happened to' stand by the.laws of that state at the time of the compact. If the actual origin of a title under either state be the earlier, it is not to be over-reached by a law of the other, assigning to the opposing title a fictitious origin by the doctrine of relation. Granting Virginia might lawfully declare that an unauthorized impro rement should be taken to have vested title fiom its inception, against herself,yet having recognised the grants of another state as being equally valid as her own; it is fair to say she recognised them as being attended with all the incidents of her own, against which, it appears by the judgment of her own court, the doctrine of priority by relation never prevailed. Neither is the power of the two states to regulate questions of title to the soil, even at the expense of rights previously vested under either, now to be questioned. The compact is necessarily founded in an assumption of it. There was no constitutional limitation on either side; and the partl.- acting in the capacity of sovereigns, were fettered by no rule but their sense of expediency and justice. The consideration was the compromise of an international dispute; and the individuals whose titles were jeoparded, had no right to.call on the state from which they held, to assert. their rights to the soil.
In the act of ratification by Pennsylvania, it was resolved, "That although the conditions annexed by the legislature of Virginia to the ratification of the boundary line agreed to by the commissioners of Pennsylvapia and Virginia, on the 31st of August, 1779, may tend to couNTENANCE some unwarrantable claims which may be made under the state of Virginia, in consequence of pretended purchases or settlements pending the controversy, yet this state, (Pennsylvania,) determining to give to the world the most unequivocal proof of its desire to promote peace and harmony with a sister state, so necessary in this great contest with the common enemy, does agree to the conditions proposed by the state of Virginia in its resolves of the 31st of June last." And this was at one time supposed to be a waiver of objection to any Virginia title that should be certified. It was doubtless an agreement to close with Virginia on her own terms, and to encounter the danger of fraud and imposition of

SUPREME COURT.
[Marlatt v Silk.]
surreptitious titles which those terms rendered more imminent; not 'to waive all scrutiny and submit to fraud and imposition where it might be detected. Such a construction would, in all cases, have made the certificate conclusive evidence of the facts stated in it; vvhich it was held in Smith v. Brown, 1 Yeates, 516, and the Lessee of Hyde v. Torrence, 2 Yeates, 445, not to be. In the latter it was declared that a Pennsylvania claimant may show fraud, mistake or trust; or that the Virginia claimant was not in the country before the 1st of January, 1778-the point of time limited for the commencement of his settlement.
The following is a true history of the whole controversy:
1779, August 31. Compact between Virginia and Pennsylvania entered into.
1780, June 23. Ratified by Virginia with conditiens annexed. 1780, September 23. Ratified by Pennsylvania, absolutely; with -acceptance of the annexed condition. The compact was closed, and took effect on the 23d of September, 1780. Both titles were then conclusively settled.-The states might compensate losers; but could not alter the right. At that epoch the title of Gen. Hand stood thus: Warrant in name of Edward Hand for three hundred acres, dated the 24th of November, 1773i surveyed the 21st of January, 1778, three hundred and eighty-nine acres. Warrant in the name of John Elder for three hundred acres, dated the 27th of November, 1773, surveyed the 21st of January, 1778, three hundred and seventy-one acres. Three Virginia certificates for four hundred acres each, in right of these settlements, made. in 1770. All regularly entered with the Virginia surveyor, and transcribed in his entry book. The title of all his lands in that disputed region was effectually protected against both states. When the compact was finally closed, Gen. Hand, on the faith of it, had all his surveys returned into the land office and accepted. The purchase-money and surveying and office fees paid, exceeding (on the two tracts) 260 dollars; and on the 9 th of March, 1782, patents issued on both surveys, and actual possession of both tracts by his tenants occupying the land. At this period of time there was no caveat by Watson, or any other person; there was no dispute, no complaint.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

17

[Marlatt v. Silk.]
Thomas Watson, in 1780, April 25, obtained a Virginia certificate, for four hundred acres, in right of his settlement made in the year 1772. His cabin and improvement were distant half a mile from the nearest part of any of Hand's surveys. No lines run or marked. No request made after the compact, to the surveyor in Pennsylvania to inclose his claim until.the 1st of November, 1786, when he caused a survey to be made and returned to the land office. But it was here found to interfere with the patented surveys of other persons, and returned to him to be corrected; on 'the 17th of March, 1791, he presented the corrected re-survey, and obtained a patent for two hundred and seventy-three acres, "corrected and altered agreeably to a request of the surveyor-general." [Hand's patent was dated the 9th of March, 1782. That such proceeding in Pennsylvania was illegal and void, see 13 S. & R. 23.] On this false suggestion he obtained his patent which is now the basis of the plaintiff's title. He then sold all the survey outside of Hand's land, and removed from his house and improvement, and took possession of the cabin and land now in dispute.
Soon afterwards West Elliot set up a claim to these forty-seven acres, and gave notice that he would prosecute a suit'against Watson unless he would give up the land to him.
In the autumn of 1794, Gen. Rand came with the army to Pittsburg, and went out to visit his lands. Soon after his return to town, he and Watson came to the house of Gen. Gibson, where they stated that Hdild had agreed to protect Watson against Elliot, and let him hbld the forty-seven acres, for his lifetime, he (Watson) paying yearly a bushel of Indian corn; and desired Gibson to defend him, and get counsel for him when necessary. To. this Watson agreed,. and several times afterwards called on Gibson to explain, the threats used by Elliot, but Gibson encouraged him to persevere and hold on. He did contihue on the land during his life. Nor is it known that he at any time expressed any dissatisfaction at this arrangement.
After his death speculators purchased the supposed rights of his children, and employed counsel to bring and prosecute suits to recover these forty-seven acres, which are now the subject of controversy.
Gen. Hand's titles under Pennsylvania and Virginia are clearly the eldest, and under the compact must prevail.
It is an unalterable regulation, founded in equity, to preserve the honour and good faith of both states as far as possible; each had
VOL. XI.-C

SUPREME COURT.
[Marlatt v. Silk.]
made grants for the same lands; let the good old rule prevail "prior in tempore, potior est in jUre." Watson was culpably negligent; he never indicated his claim or boundary until he made an erroneous survey, the 1st of November, 1786, four years after Hand's patents had been issued; five years afterwards he sends an amended survey to the office, falsely pretending he had corrected his errors and thrown out the interfering patented lands. This trick would, of itself, postpone and preclude him, and all claiming under him, forever, from sustaining any suit in a court of justice Besides this, he surrendered to Gen. Hand all his claim to the piemises, for a life estate which he enjoyed and with which he was satisfied as long as he lived; and the plaintiffs, for a trifle, have brought'up the claim that he had" ceased to assert and was too honest to revive.
Hand's lands were patented the 9th of March, 1782; 'Watson's the 17th of March, 1791, nine years afterwards. 'Watson's assignees being now plaintiffs, and holding under the junior grant; cannot maintain an ejectment, or recover in a court of the United States against the eldest patent.
More especially must Watson's patent fail, when a solemn compact has established the relative efficacy of each, and expressly stipulated that all conflicting titles in the disputed territory shall, lyithout exception, be governed by this rule.
A survey breaking into and including patented land, is void; was - always illegal and inoperative in Pennsylvania. 13 Sergeant and Rawle, 23.
Upon the whole, therefore, of this record, the defendants in error ubimit with great confidence that the judgment of the district court of the United States will be affirmed with costs.
Mr. Justice BAR]ouR delivered the opinion of the Court. This is a writ of error to the district court of the United States, for the western district of Pennsylvania, in an action of ejectment, in which the plaintiff in error was plaintiff in the court below; and in which judgment was given for the defendant in that court. "It comes up upon two bills of exception, taken by the plaintiff in error to the opinion of the court, at the trial: the one, in Telation to the admission of certain evidence which he alleges to have been improperly received; the other, to the ruling of the court, upon several points of law, in its charge to the jury. We think it unnecessary to discuss any of these points but one,

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Marlatt v. Silk.]
which we consider decisive of the case. And that is the relative priority of the respective rights under which the parties claim.
The facts of the case are these. Thomas Watson, under whom the plaintiff in error claims, on the 25th of April, 1780, obtained from certain commissioners of Virginia, a certificate entitling him to four hundred acres of land, by virtue of an act of the assembly of Virginia, passed in May, 1779; the fourth section of which, after reciting that great numbers of people have settled in the country, upon the western waters, upon waste and unappropriated lands, for which they have been hitherto prevented from suing out patents, or obtaining legal titles,,&c., enacts, "That all persons, who, at any time before the first day of Januar,, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, have really and bona fide settled themselves, or their families, or at his, her, or their charges have settled others, upon any waste, or unappropriated lands, on the said western waters, to which no other person hath any legal right or claim, shall be allowed, for every family so settled, four hundred acres of land, or such smaller quantity as the party chooses to include such settlement." This certificate was granted in right of a settlement which had been made by Watson, in the year 1772. His evidence of right under Virginia was subsequently transferred to the land office of Pennsyl-
vania, (the land having, undcr a compact between that state and Virginia, hereafter more particularly noticed, been ascertained to be within the limits of Pennsylvania;) and on the 1st of November, 1786, a survey of his claim was made and returned to the land office of the latter state, and a patent issued thereon by that state in the year 1791, including his settlement made in 1772, and including the land in controversy.
The defendants claim under Edward Hand, who, by virtue of two land warrants, granted by Pennsylvania, the one for three hundred acres, dated the 24th of November, 1773, the other for the same quantity, dated the 27tb of November, 1773; caused surveys to be made on both on the 21st of January, 1778; and on the 9th of March, 1782, obtained patents on both surveys, embracing the land in con-
troversy. Both Pennsylvania and Virginia-having'claimed the territory, of
which the land in controversy is a part, as being within their limits; the dispute was finally adjusted by a compact made between them, which was ratified by Virginia on the 23d of June, 1780, with certain conditions annexed; and absolutely by Pennsylvania, on the 23d

SUPREME COURT.
[Marlatt . Silk.]
of September, 1780, with an acceptance of the conditions annexed by Virginia.
That compact, inter alia, contains the following stipulation: "That the private property and rights of all persons, acquired under, founded on, or recognised by the laws of either country, previous to the date hereof, be secured and confirmed to them, although they should be found to fall within the other, and that in disputes thereon, preference shall be given to the elder, or prior right, whichever of the said states the same shall have been acquired under; such persons paying to the states, in whose boundary their land shall be ineluded, the same purchase, or consideration-money, which would haie been due from them to the state under which they claimed
the right." The rights of the parties must be decided by the true construction
of this stipulation, as applied to the foregoing facts of the case. What is that construction? In the first place it is declared, that the property and rights of all persons, acquired under, founded on, or recognised by the laws of either country, previous to the date of the compact, (that is, the year 1780) shall be secured and confirmed to them. The-act of Virginia of May, 1779, before cited, is in point of chronology previous to the date of the compact. Is notthe settlement of Watson, made in 1772, recognised by that act? It is in explicit terms, because the act makes an allowance of four hundred acres of land to all those who shall have bona fide made a settlement on waste and unappropriated land, before the first of January, 1778; and it has been seen that Watson's settlement was made in 1772. What was the motive which induced the legislature of Virginia fo make this allowance? We find it declared in the preamble to the fourth section of the act of May, 1779: it was, that persons who had made settlements, had been prevented from suing out patents, or obtaining legal titles, by the king of Great Britain's proclamations, or instructions to his governors, or by the then late change of government, and the then present war having delayed, until that time, the opening of a land office, and "the establishment of any certain terms for granting lands. And what was the consideration, we do not mean pecuniary, but valuable, on which the allowance was founded? The same preamble informs us, that it consisted in the justice of making some compensation for the charge and risque which the settlers had incurred in making their settlements.
It is apparent, then, that the legislature did not pass the law in

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Marlatt. v. Silk.] question as making a donation, but as allowing a reasonable compensation, for something of value, on the part of settlers; not of money indeed, paid into the coflbrs of the state, but of charge and risque incurred by the settlers. We. think, then, that the allowance thus made, is, in the language of the compact, a right recognised by the law of Virginia previous to the date of that compact. Considering it as thus recognised, and consequently as secured and confirmed, we come now, in the order of the argument, to the other part of the stipulation aforesaid; which declares, that in disputes thereon, preference shall be given to the elder or prior right, whichever of the said states the same shall have been acquired under.
How is this question of priority to be decided? In answering this question, we think, that the first thing to be done is to ascertain the character of the rights of the parties, as settled by the laws of the states, under which they respectively claim, as these laws stood at the date of the conmact. In this aspect of the subject, it has been seen that the defendants claim under warrants granted by Pennsylvania in 1773, and surveyed in 1778. But the act of Virginia of 1779, having allowed 400 dcies of land to those who had made a settlement before the first of January, 1778, and having founded that allowance on the charge and risque which they had incurred; in our judgment, the equitable claim, or the inchoate right of the parties, must consequently be referred, for its commencement, to the period when the charge and risque were incurred-that is, in the case at bar, to the year 1772. If, as-we think, this principle be correct, this mere comparison of dates would decide-the case. It has, however, been argued, that if this case were in a Virginia court, it would be decided in favour of the right under which the defendants claim, because that is by warrant, before the act of 1779; and in support of this, the court has been referred to the case of Jones v. Williams, 1 Washington, 230, in which the-court of appeals of that state says, that before the act of 1779, those lands (that is, lands on which settlements had been made) might have been entered and patented by any person, notwithstanding prior settlements by others. That the act of 1779 applies to controversies between mere settlers. That it does not set up prior rights of this sort, so as to defeat those legally acquired under warrants.
The error of this argument, as we conceive, consists in this; that the doctrine here stated, however true in itself, does not apply to the case at bar. That was laid down, in a case, between two persons,

SUPREME COURT.
[Marlatt v. Silk.]
both of whom claimed under Virginia, and was therefore governed by the laws of Virginia, alone; whereas in this case, one of the parties claims under Pennsylvania, and the other, under Virginia; and - the case is to be decided, not by the laws of either state, by themselves: except that as before remarked, the character of each right is to be fixed by the laws of the state, as at the time of the compact .under whichthe right is claimed; and then the comparison between the two is to be made, not under the laws of either state, but under the stipulation in the compact before referred to. Thus to illustrate, the origin of the plaintiff's claim; being, in our opinion, as operated upon by the act of Virginia of 1779, to be referred to the period of Watson's settlement in 1772; and that of the defendants, as affected by the laws of Pennsylvania, being of later date; the foundation being thus laid for deciding which is the prior or older title; we then apply to the case the compact, which declares, that the preference shall be given, to the prior or elder.
We suppose that it will scarcely be denied, that by the act of 1779; Virginia recognised-the inception of the title of settlers, as being of the date of the settlement as against herself; if so, can it be imagined, that by the compact, she intended their title to take its date from a later period? If it should be said, that so also Pennsylvania cannot be supposed to have intended to impair the force of the ttles claimed under her; the answer, that each state intended that its own laws should settle the character nf the right claimed under it $ as to the time of its inception, and in every other respect; and then, that according to the inception thus fixed, the rule of priority should decide, as provided for in the compact.
-It was arg.eo, that the question had been settled in the supreme court of Pennsylvania; and the doctrine stated in 12 Wheat. 167, was referred to, where it is said-That this court adopts the state decisions, because they settle the law applicable to the case; and the reasons assigned for this .course, apply as well to rules of construction growing out of the common law, as the statute law of the state, when applied to the title of lands. To say nothing of the division of the court, in the case referred to, it is a decisive answer to this argument, to say-That the principle does not at all apply. It was laid down in reference to cases arising underi and to be decided by the laws of a state; and then the decisions of that state are looked to, to ascertain what that law is; whereas in the case at bar, the questibn arises under, and is to be decided by, a compact between two

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Marlatt v. Silk.] states: where therefore the rule of decision is not to be collected from the decisions of either state, but is one, if we may so speak, of an international character. Upon the whole, we are of opinion, that the judgment of the court below was erroneous in charging the jury, that the title of the defendants was the elder and prior right, and was therefore protected by the compact; on the contrary, we think that of the plaintiff was the elder and prior: the judgment must therefore be reversed, and a venire facias de novo awarded.
Mr. Chief Justice TAImEy and Mr. Justice M'LEAN, dissented.
Mr. Justice M'LEAN.
The Chief Justice and Justice MI'LEAN think that the condition of the compact, "that the private property and rights of all persons acquired under, founded on, or recognised by the laws of either-country previous to the date hereof, be secured and confirmed to them, although they should be found to fall within the other; and that in disputes tbereon, preference shall be given to the elder or prior right, whichever of the said states the same shall b acquired under," placed the land in controversy under the common jurisdiction of both states; and that the first appropriation of the land, under the authority of either state must be considered, under the compact, as the prior right.
The Pennsylvania warrant which was located on this land, was surveyed on the 21st of January, 1778. At this time the Virginia claimant, though he lived on the land, had no colour of right. He was in fact a trespasser.
The Virginia act of 1779 provided, "1that all persons, who,at any time before.the Ist of January, 1778, had bona fide settled upon waste or unappropriated lands, on the western 'waters, to which no other person hath any legal right or claim, shall be allowed four hundred acres," &c.
Now, if the land in controversy was subject to the jurisdiction of both states, and might be appropriated by either, was it not appropriated under the Pennsylvania warrant, before the Virginia claimant had any right under tho act of 1779? This is too clear to be controverted. In the language of the compact, then, had not the Pennsylvania claimant "the prior right?"
The act of 1779 does not purport to vest any title in the settler

SUPREME COURT.
[Marlatt v. Silk.]
anterior to its passage. The settler, to bring himself within the act, must, show that he was a bona fide settler before the 1st of January, 1778; and this entitled him to four hundred acres of land under the act, provided;- no other person had ay legal right or claim to it."
At this time the land, as has been shown, was appropriated under the Pennsylvania law, and which appropriation, if effect be given to "the prior right," under the compact, does constitute within the meaning of the act of 1779, a "right or claim to the land." . In 1 Wash. Rep. 231, the court of appeals of Virginia says, that the law of 1779 does not "set up rights so as to defeat those legally acquired under warrants."
This land, by the compact, was considered as liable to be appropriated by a Pennsylvania as by a Virginia warrant, before the act of 1779; and in ascertaining the priority of right the time of the appropriation is the fact to be established.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the diitrict court of the United States for the western district (if Pennsylvania, and was argued by counsel. On consideration .*hereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court that the Judgment of the said district court in this cause be, and the same is hereby reversed, and that this cause be, and the same is hereby remanded to the said district court, with directions to award a venire facias de novo.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

213

WILLIAM2

\VN .TERS V. THE MERCHANTS' LOUISVILLE INSURANCE COMPANY.

Insurance. The Steamboat Lioness was insured on her voyages on the western waters, particularly from New Orleans to Natchitoches on Red river and elsewhere, "the MiszouNi and Upper Mississippi excepted," for twelve months. One of the perils insured against was, "fire." Tile vessel was lost by the explosion of gunpowder. "On the trial of the cause the judges of the circuit court of Kentucky were divided in opinion on the following questions, which were certified tor this Court; 1. Does the policy 5over the loss -f the boat by a fire, caused by the barratry of the master? 2. Does the policy cover a loss of the boat by fire, caused by the negligence, carelessness,'or unskilfulness of the master and crew of the boat, or any of them ? 3. Is the allegation of the defendants in these pleas, or any of them, to the effect that the fire by which the boat was lost, was caused by the carelessness or unskilful conduct of the master and crew, a defence to this action? 4. Are the Pleas of the defendant, or either of them, sufficient?"
A loss by fire, when the fire was directly and immediately caused by the barratry of the master and crew, as the efficient agents when the fire was communicated,-and. occasioned by the direct act and agency of the master and crew, intentionally done from a barratrous purpose, is not-a loss within the policy; if barratry is not 'insured against.
If the master or crew slould barratrously bore holes in the bottom of a vessel, and she should thereby be filled with water and sink, the loss would properly be deemed a loss by barratry, and not by a peril of the seas or of rivers, though the water should co-operate in producing tse sinking.
The doctrine as applied to policies against fire on land, has for a great length of time prevailed, that losses occasioned by the mere fault or negligence of the assured or his servants, unaffected by fraud or design', are within the protection of the policy; and as such are recoverable Prom the underwriters. This doctrine is fully established in England and America.
It is a well established principle of the common law, that in all casas of loss we are to attribute it to the proximate cause, and not to the remote cause. This has become a maxim to govern cases arising under policies of insurance.
In the case of the Columbia Insurance Company v. Lawrence, 10 Peters, 507, this' Court thought that in marine policies, whether containing the risk of barratry or no t, a loss; whose proximate cause was a peril insured against, is within the pro'tection of the policy; notwithstanding it might have been occasioned, remotely, by the negligence of the master and mariners. The Court have seen no reason to change that oninion.
As the explosn on board the Lioness was caused by fire, the fire was the proximate cause of the loss.
If taking gunpowder on board a vessel insured against fire, was not justified by the usage of the trade and therefore was not contemplated as a risk by the policy; there might be great reason to contend, that if it increased the risk, the loss was not covered by the policy.

SUPREME COURT.
[Waters v. The Merchants' Louisville Insurance Company.]
ON a certificate of division from 'the circuit court of the United States for the district of Kentucky.
The plaintitf, a citizen of the state of Louisiana, on the 12th day of September, 1832, caused insurance to be made by the Merchants' Louisville Insurance Company, at the city of Louisville, in the state of Kentucky, in the sum of six thousand dollars, on the steamboat Lioness, her engine, &c., to navigate the western waters usually navigated by steamboats, &c.; the assured having the privilege of placing competent masters in command at any time; the insurance to continue for twelve months, until 12th September, 1833.
The perils insured against, were those "of rivers, fire, enemies, pirates, assailing thieves, and all other losses and misfortunes which shall come to the hurt or detriment of the steamboat, her engine, t-ckle, and furniture, according to the true intent and meaning of the policy."
An action was instituted in the circuit court on this policy, by William Waters, the assured, to November term, 1836; and the plaintiff averred in the declaration an interest in the steamboat Lioness, at the time of the insurance, and up to her loss, of sixteen thousand dollars; that the said steamboat Lioness, her engine, tackle and furniture, after the execution of said policy, and before its termination, to wit, on the 19th of May, 1833, on Red river, about one mile below the mouth of Bon Dieu river, whilst she was on her voyage from New Orleans to Natchitoches, Louisiana, on Red river, were, by the adventures and perils of fire and the river, exploded, sunk to th&bottom of Red river aforesaid, and utterly destroyed; so as to cause and make it a total loss. And the plaintiff averred, that said steamboatlioness was, at the time of the explosion, sinking and destruction aforesaid, by the perils aforesaid, sufficiently found in tackle and- appurtenances thereto, and completely provided with master, officers and crew, and in good order and condition, and perfectly sea-worthy.
The declaration also averred, that a regular protest of the manner in which the loss of vessel took place, was made; and the same, with proof of the plaintiff's interest, were delivered to the defendants.
To this declaration, the defendants filed the following pleas:-1. That the officers and crew of the Lioness, at the time of her explosion and sinking, so negligently and carelessly conducted themselves in managing and attending to the safety of the cargo on board, that

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Waters v. The Merchants' Louisville Insurance Company.]
the steamboat was, by means of fire negligently and carelessly communicated to gunpowder in the hold by the officers and crew, blown up and destroyed.
2. That the Lioness was loaded in part with gunpowder, and that the officers and crew, or some of them, carelessly and negligently carried a lighted candle or lamp into the hold where the powder was stored, and negligently handled the candle or lamp at the time that the powder was exploded; and thereby produced the explosion and destruction of the said steamer.
3. That the Lioness was in part loaded with gunpowder; and the same was so unskilfully, negligently, and carelessly stowed away in the boat, by the officers and crew- or some of- them, that the gunpowder took fire by reason of the said unskilfulness, negligence, and carelessness; and the boat was consequently lost and destroyed by explosion.
4. That the Lioness received, and had on board a quantity of gunpowder at the time of the explosion, which increased the risk of theinsurers, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the policy; by which the insurers were discharged from the obligations of thd policy.
5. That the loss of the Lioness was caused by the officers and crew, or some of them, carelessly and negligently carrying a lighted candle or lamp. into the hold;" and so negligently or carelessly carrying the same, as the explosion of the vessel was thereby produced.
6. That the loss of the boat was caused by the conduct of the officers, managers and crew of the boat, in taking and receiving on board large quantities of gunpowder, and by carelessly keeping the same; in consequence of which he gunpowder became ignited while on board the boat, and by ts explosion caused her loss and destruction.
To these pleas the plaintiff demurred; and the defendants joined in demurrer.
On the argument of the cause, the following questions and points occurred, upon which the judges of the circuit court were divided in opinion; and the same, at the request of the lefendants, were stated, and ordered to be certified to this Court.
1st. Does the policy cover a loss of the boat by a fire, caused by the barratry 6f the master and crew?
2d. Does the policy of insurance cover a loss of the boat by fire,

SUPREME COURT.
tWaters V.The Merchants' Louisville Insurance Company.] caused by the negligence, carelessness, or unskilfulness of the master and Crew of the boat, or any of them?
3d. Is the allegation of the defendants in their pleas, or either of them, to the effect that the fire by which the boat was lost, was caused by the carelessness, or the neglect, or unskilful conduct of the master and crew of the boat, a defence to this action?
4th. Are the said pleas, or either of them, sufficient?
The case was argued by"Mr. Crittenden for the defendants; no .counsel appeared for the plaintiff.
Mr. Crittenden said, as to the first question, the only inquiry that seems necessary to a satisfactory solution or answer to it, is, whether barratry is insured against by the policy.
Barratry is a peculiar and distinct risk, for which insurers are maderesponsible by express stipulation only;. Grim v. Phoenix Ins. Comp. 13 Johns. Rep. 451. And, accordingly, in the common forffs of marine policies it is always expressly embraced, and described by its appropriate and technical denomination, Barrttry.
In this policy there is an enumeration of the risks, and barratry is not included. Its omission is equivalent, in legal interpretation, to its express exclusion: expressio unius est exclusio alterius.
The general clause in the policy, that follows the enumeration of the risks, to wit; "and all other losses and misfortunes," &c. has reference only to "losses and misfortunes" proceeding from the enumerated risks; and is not intended or to be vonstrued as adding -other risks, or enlargingthe perils that the isurers' are to bear. They are nothing more than words used out of abundant caution, to give ftill effect to th6 previously enumerated risks; for which alone the underwriters are responsible.
It may, therefore, we think, be safely assumed, that the policy, in this case, contains no insurance against barratry;and, we suppose it must follow, that if the defendants did not insure against barratry, they cannot be liable for a loss by fire, caused by barratry.
2dly, As to the other three questions, it is supposed that they will all be virtually settled by tue lecision of .i single point; that is, whether the defendants, there being no insurance agogtinst barratry, are liable for a loss by fire, arising from the negligence of the assured, or his agents, the master and crew?

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

217

[Waters v. The Merchants' Louisville Insurance Company.]
The defendants contend for the negative of this question. If there be one case, turning on that very point, in which such a liability has been adjudged to exist, we have not met with it. The liability of underwriters for such losses, where barratry also is in-eluded in the policy, is supposed to have been settled in England, as late as the year 1818, by the decision in the case of Busk v. The Royal Exchange Insurance Company, 2 Barnwall and Alderson, 72; and that decision was adopted and followed by this Court in the case of the Patapsco Insurance Company v. Coulter, at the January term, 1830, 3 Peters, 222; contrary to the case of Grim v. The Phmnix Insurance Company, 13 Johns. Rep. 451, and all the American cases. on the same point: But the English case, and the case in this Court, leave undetermined the question of liability *here there is no insuran ce against barratry. In the latter case it is said, that question "need not here be considered;" and in the English case, the reasoning of the court to establish the liability, where barratry is insured against, is strong against the existence of any such liability, where there is no insurance against barratry. The court say, "where we find that they (the assurers) make themselves answerable for the wilful misconduct (barratry) of the master in other cases; it is not too much to say, that they meant to indemnify the assured against the fire, proceeding from the negligence of the master and mariners." Thus, the undertaking to indemnify against the effects of negligence, is inferred, exclusively, from the express agreement to be answerable for barrairous conduct: an argument pregnant with the conelusion, that, but for the insurance against barratry, there would have been no responsibility on the insurers for a loss by negligence; and such, we insist, is the correct doctrine recognised and sanctioned by elementary writers, Marshall, 156, 421, and Philips 224 to 227; and by adjudged cases, Grim v. Phoenix Insurance Company, 13 Johns. Rep. 451; and tho cases there cited, of Vos & Grayes v. The United Insurance Company, 2L Johns. Cases, 180; and Cleveland v. The Union Insurance Company, 8 Mass. Rep. 308, &c. &c.; Toulmini v. Inglis, 1 Campbell, 421; Pepon v. Cope, 1 Campbell, 434; Toulmin v. Anderson, 1 Taunton, 227; and Boyd v. Dubois, 3 Campbell, 133; the case of Plxyp v..The Royal Exchange Association Company, 7 Term Rep. 505; and many other cases, proceed on the same principle. It is admitted that the doctrine for which the. defendants, in this
VOL. XI.-2 E

SUPREME COURT.
[Waters v. The Merchaa,&3' Louisville Insurance Company.]
case. contend, is, seemingly, in opposition to some remarks that fell from this Court in the late case of the Columbia Insurance Company of Alexandria v. Lawrence, 10 Peters, 507. It is respectfully suggested that those remarks (entitled in all other respects to the highest consi l-ration) related to a point not involved in the case, or necessary to its determination; and were, probably, therefore, less weighed and considered by the Court. The point was not involved, because that was-an insurance of a house against fire; and, in such cases, the books and authorities all seem to concui1 in holding the insurer responsible for losses occasioned by the negligence of servants; in contradistine"tion to the responsibility resulting from marine policies. It is hoped, therefore, that the question now under consideration, may be regarded as an open one; neither conclu ed nor affected by what fell from the Court, in the case last mentioned.
Furthermore, the rule for which we contend, exempting insurers from liability for the negligence of the assured and his agents, is supported by its analogy to the familiar and well-established doctrines applicable to bailments generally; and is sanctioned by reason and sound policy, as contributing to the general interest and security, by rendering the assured and their agents more diligent and more careful.
'Mr. Justie STORY delivered the opinion of the Court. This is a case certified to us from the circuit court for the district of Kentucky upon certain questions upon which the judges of that court were opposed in opinion. The action was brought by Waters, the plaintiff, on a policy of insurance underwritten by the Merchants' Louisville Insurance Company, whereby they insured and caised to be insured, the plaintiff "lost or not lost, in the sum of 6000 dollars, on the steamboat Lioness, engine, tackle, and furniture, to navigate the western waters usually navigated by steamboats, particularly from New Orleans to Natchitoches on Red river, or elsewhere, the Missouri and Upper Mississippi excepted; (captain Waters having the privilege of placing competent masters in command at any time, 6000 dollars being insured at New Albany, Indiana). whereof William Waters is at present master; beginning the adventure upon the said steamboat, from the 12th of September, 1832, at twelve o'clock merif]ian, and to continue and endure until, the 112th of September, 1833, at twelve o'clock, meridian (twelve months)." The policy further

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Waters v. The Merchants' Louisville Insurance Company.]
pr6vided, that "It shall be lawful for the said steamboat, during said time, to proceed to, touch and stay at, any point or pointi, place or plices, if thereunto obliged by stress of weather or other unavoidable accidents, also at the usual landings for wood and refreshments, and for discharging freight and passengers, without prejudice to this insurance. Touching the adventures and perils, which the aforesaid insurance company is conterted to bear; they are, of the rivers, fire, enemies, pirates, assailing thieves, and all other losses and misfortunes, which shall come to the hurt; detriment, or damage of the said steamboat, engine, tackle, and furniture, according to the true intent and meaning of this policy." The premium was nine per cent. The declaration avers a total loss; and that the said steamboat and appertenances insured, "were, by the adventures and perils of fire and the river, exploded, su'nk to the bottom of Red river aforesaid, and utterly destroyed.,"
The defendants pleaded six several pleas, to which a demurrer was put in by the plaintiff; and in the consideration of the demurrer, tht following questions and points occurred:
1. Does the policy cover a loss of the boat by a fire, caused by the barratry of the master and crew?
2. Does the policy co'ier loss of the boat by fire, caused by the negligence, carelessness, or unskilfulness of the master and crew of the boat, or any of them?
3. Is the allegation of the defendants in -their pleas, or either of them, to the effect that the fire, by which the boat was lost, was caused by the carelessness, or the neglect, or unskilful conduct of the master and crew, a defence to this action?
4. Are the said pleas, or either of them, sufficient? These questions constituted the points on which the decisiori of the judges took place in the court below; and they are those upon which we are now called to deliver our opinion upon the argument had at the bar. As we understand the first' question, it assumes that the fire w.as directly and immediately caused by the barratry of the master and crew, as the efficient agents; or, in other words, that-the, firewas communicated and occasioned by the direct act and agency of the master and crew, intentionally done from a barratrdus purpose. In this view of it, we have no hesitation to say, that a loss by fire caused by the barratry of the master or crew, is not a loss within the policy. Such a loss is properly a loss attributable to the barratry, as its

SUPREME COURT.
[Waters v. The Merchants' Louisville Insurance Company.]
proximate cause, as it concurs as the efficient agent, with the element, eo instanti, wherr the injury is produced. If the master or ere* should barratrously bore holes in the bottom of the vessel, and the latter should thereby be filled -with water and sink, the loss would properly be deemed a loss by barratry, and not by a peril of the seas or of rivers, though the flow of the water should co-operate in proclucing the sinking.
The second question raises a different point, whether a loss by fire, remotely caused by-the negligence, carelessness, or unskilfulness of the master and crew of the vessel, is a loss within the true intent and meaning of. the policy. By unsk'ilfulness, as here stated, we do not understand in this in'stAince, a general unskilfulness, such as would be a breach of the implied warranty of competent skill to navigate and conduct the vessel; but only unskilfulness in the particular circumstances remotely connected with the loss. In this sense, it is equivalent to negligence or carelessness in the -execution of duty, and not to incapacity.
This question has undergone many discussions in the courts of
England and America, and has given'rise to opiosing judgments in the two countries, As applied to policies against fire on land, the doctrine has for a great length of time prevailed, that losses occasioned by the mere fault or negligence 6f the. assured or his servants, unaffected bkr fraud or desig'n, -are within the protection of the policies; and as such recoverable from the underwriters. It is not certain upon what precise grounds this doctrine was originally'settled. It may ha-Ve been from the rules of interpretation applied to such policies containing special exceptions, and not excepting this; or it may have been, and more probably was founded upon a more general ground, that as the terms of the policy covered risks by fire generally, no exception ought to be intloduced by construction, eicept that of fraud of the assured, which, upon the principles of public policy and morals, was always to be implied. It is probable, too, that the consideration had great weight, that otherwise such policies would practically be of little importance, since, comparatively speaking, few losses of this sort would occur which could not be traced back to some carelessness, neglect, or inattention of the members of the family.
Be the origin of it, however, what it may, the doctrine is now firmly established both in England and America. We had occasion to consider and decide the point at the last term, in the case of the

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Wafers v. The Merchants' Louisville Insurance Company.] Columbia Insurance Company of Alexandria v. Lawrence, 10 Peters' R. 517, 518; which was a policy against the risk of fire on land. The argument addressed to us on that-occasion, endeavoured to establish the proposition, that there was no real distinction between policies against fire on land and at sea; and that in each case the same risks were included: and that as the risk of loss by fire occasioned by negligence was not included in a marine policy, unless that of barratry was also contained in the same policy, it followed, that as the latter risk was not taken on a land policy, no recovery could be had. In reply to that argument, the court made the comments which have been' alluded to at the bar, and the correctness of which it becomes now necessary to decide.
It is certainly somewhat remarkable, that the question now before us should never have been directly presented in the American or English courts; viz. whether, in -a marine policy, (as this may well enough be called) where the risk of fire is taken, and the risk of barratry is not, (as is the predicament of the present case) a loss by fire, remotely caused by negligence, is a loss within the policy. But it is scarcely a matter of less surprise, considering the great length of time during which policies against both risks have been in constant use among merchants; that the question of a loss by negligefice in a policy against both risks, should not have arisen in either country until a comparatively recent period.
If we look to the question upon mere principle, without reference to authority, it is difficult to escape from the conclusion, that a loss by a peril insured against, and occasioned by negligence, is a loss within a marine policy; unless there be some other language in it, which repels that conclusion. Such a loss is within the words, and it is incumbent upon those who seek to make any exception from the words, to show that it is not within the intent of the policy. There is nothing unreasonable, unjust, or inconsistent with public policy, in allowing the insured to insure himself against all losses from any perils not occasioned by his own personal fraud. It was well observed by Mr. Justice Bayley, in delivering the opinion of the court in Bush v. The Royal Exchange Assurance Company, 2 Barn. and Ald. 79; after referring to the general risks in the policy; that "the object of the assured, certainly, was to protect himself against all the risks incident to a marine adventure. The underwriter being therefore liable, prima facie, by the express terms of the policy, it lies upon him to discharge himself. *Does he do so by showing that the

SUPREME COURT.
[Waters v. The Merchants' Louisville Insurance Company.]
fire arose from the negligence of the master-and mariners?" "If, indeed, the negligence of the. master would exonerate the underwriter from responsibility, in case of a loss by fire; it would also in cases of a loss by capture, or perils of the sea. And it would, therefore, constitute a good defence in an action upon a policy, to show, that the captain had misconducted himself in the navigation of the ship, or that he had not resisted an enemy to the utmost of his power." There is great force in this reasoning, and the practical inconvenience of carving out such an implied exception from the general peril in the policy, furnishes a strong ground against it; and it is to be remembered, that the exception is to be created by construction of the court, and is not found in the terms of the policy. The reasons of public policy, and the presumption- of intention in the parties to make such an exception, ought to be very clear and unequivocal, to justify the court in such a course. So far from any such policy or presumption being clear and unequivocal, it may be affirmed that they lean the other way. The practical inconvenience of creating such an exception would be very great. Lord Tenterden alluded to it in Walker v. Maitland, 5 Barn. & Ald. 174. "No de-cision (said he) can be cited, wherein such a case (the loss by a peril of the sea,) the underwriters have been held to be excused in consequence of the loss having been remotely occasioned by the negligence of the crew. I am afraid of laying down any such rule. It will introduce an infinite number of questions, as to-the quantum of care, which, if used, might have prevented the loss. Suppose, for instance, the master were to send a man to the mast head to look out, and he falls asleep,'in consequence of which the vessel runs upon a rock, or is taken by the enemy; in that case it might be argued, as here, that the loss was imputable to the negligence of one of the crew, and that the underwriters are not liable. These, and a variety of other -such questions, would be introduced, in case our opinion were in favour of the underwriters." His lordship might have stated the argument from inconvenience, even in a more general form. If negligence of the master or crew, were under such circumstances a good defence, it would be perfectly competent and proper to examine on the trial any single transaction 6f the whole voyage, and every incident of the navigation of the whole voyage, whether there was due diligence in all respects, in hoisting or taking in sail, in steering the course, in trimming the ship, in selecting the route, in stopping in port, in hastening or retarding the operations of the

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

223

[Waters v. The Merchants' Louisville Insurance Company.] voyage; for all these might be remotely connected with the loss. If there had been more diligence, or less negligence, the peril might have been avoided of escaped, or never encountered at all. Under such circumstances, the chance of a.recovery upon a policy for any loss, from any peril insured against, would of itself be a risk of no inconsiderable hazard.
This is not all: we must interpret this instrument according to the known principles of the common law. It is a well established prin-
riple of that law, that in all cases of loss we are to attribute it'to the proximate cause, and not to any remote cause: causa proxima non remota spectatur: and this has become a maxim, not only to govern other caes; but, (as will be presently shown) to govern cases arising under policies of insurance. If this maxim is to be applied, it disposes of the whole argument in the present case; and why it should not be so applied we are unable to see any reason.
Let us now look to the authorities upon the point. In Busk v. The Royal Exchange Assurance Company, 2 Barn. & Ald. R. 13, the very point came before the court. The policy hovered therisk by fire, and the question made was, whether the fact that the loss of
the ship by .fire, occasioned by the negligence of the crew, was a good defence. The court held that it was not. In that case the policy also included the risk of barratry; and it is now said that the decision of the court turned wholly upon that consideration, the court being of opinion, that in a policy, where the underwriter takes the superior risk of barratry, there is no ground to infer that he does not mean to take the inferior risk of negligence: it is certainly true that the court do rely in their judgment upon this circumstance ; and it certainly does fortify it. But there is no reason to say, that the court wholly relied upon it, and that it constituted the exclusive ground of the judgment; on the contrary, Mr. Justice Bay-
ley, in delivering the opinion, takes pains in the earlier part of that opinion to state, and to rely upon the maxim already stated. He said, "in our law, at least, there is no authority which says that the underwriters are not liable for a loss, the proximate cuse of which is one of the enumerated risks; but the remote cause of which may be traced to the misconduct of the master and mariners." "It is certainly a strong argument against the objection now raised for the first time, that in the great variety of cases upon marine policies, which have been theasubjects of litigation in courts of justice, (the facts of maihy of which must have presented a ground for such a de-

SUPREME COURT.
[Waters v. The Merchants' Louisville Insurance Companiy.]
fence) no such point has ever been made." In Walker v. Maitland, 5 Barn. and Ald. 173, a similar question was preiented, *here the maxim was still more strongly indicated, as the general, though not as the exclusive ground of the judgment: the case of Bishop v. Pentland,'7 Barn. and Cresw. 219, turned exclusively upon the very ground of the maxim; and-not a single judge relied upon the policy, as containing the risk of barratry. Indeed, it does not appear that the risk of barratry was, in that case, in the policy. Mr. Justice Bayley, on that occasion, put the former cases as having been expressly decided upon this maxim. His language was, "the cases of Busk v. The Royal Exchange Assurance Company, and Walker v. Maitland, establish as a principle that the underwriters are liable for a loss, the proximate cause of which is one of the enumerated risks: though the remote cause may be traced to the negligence of the master and mariners.'
Then came the case of The Patapsco Insurance Company v. Coulter, 3 Peters' R. 222, where the loss was by fire, and barratry also was insured against. The Court on that occasion held, that in such a policy, a loss which was remotely caused by the master or the crew, was a risk taken in the policy; and the doctrine in the English cases already cited, was approved. It is true that the Court lay great stress on the fact that barratry was insured against; but it may also be stated that this ground was not exclusively relied on, for the Court expressly refer to and adopt the doctrine of the English cases, that the proximate and not the remote cause of a loss is to be looked to. It is known to those of us who constituted a part of the Court Pt that time, that a majority of the judges were then of opinion for the plaintiff, upenahis last general ground, independently of the other.
It was under these circumstances, that the case of The Columbia Insurance Company of Alexandria v. Lawrence, 10 Peters' R. 507, Scame on for argument: and*the Court then thought, that in marine
policies, whether containing the risk of barratry or not, a loss whose proximate cause was a peril insured against, is within the protection of the policy; notwithstanding it might have been occasioned remotely by the negligence of the master and mariners. We see no reason to change that opiniob; and on the contrary, upon the present argument, we are confirmed in it.
The third and fourth questions are completely answered by the reasoning already stated. Those pleas contain no legal defence to the action, in the form and manner in which they are pleaded; and are not sufficient to bar a recovery by the plaintiff.

JANUARY TERM, 1831.
[Waters v. The Merchants' Louisville Insurance Company.]
Some suggestion was made at the bar, whether the explosion, as stated in the pleas, was a loss by fire, or by explosion merely. We are of opinion, that as the explosion was caused by fire, the latter was the proximate cause of the.loss. The fifth plea turns upon a different ground. It is that the taking of gunpowder on board wai an increase of the risk. If the taking of the gunpowder on board was not justified by the usage of the trade, and therefore was not contemplated as a risk by the policy; there might be great reason to contend, that if it increased the risk, the loss was not covered by the policy. But in our opinion the facts are too defectively stated in the fifth plea, to raise the question.
Our opinion will be certified to the circuit court accordingly. On the first question, in the negative; on the second question, in the affirmative; and on the third and fourth questions, in the negative.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Kentucky, and on the questions and points on which the judges'-of the said circuit court were opposed in opinion, 'and which were certified to this Court for its opinion, agreeably to the act of congress in such case made and provided, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is the opinion of this Court, 1st, that the policy dogs not "cover a loss of the boat by a fire, caused by the barratry of the master and crew;" 2d, that the policy does 4-cover a loss of the boat by fire, caused by the vegligence, carelessness or unskilfulness of the master and crew of'the boat, or any of them;" 3d, that the allegations of the defendants in their pleas, or either of them to the effect that the firey by which-the boat was lost, was caused by the carelessness, or the neglect, or unskilful conduct of the master and crew of the boat, "is not a defence to this action; and 4thly, that the said pleas, or either of them," are not sufficient in law as a bar to the action of the plaintiff. Whereupon it is now here ordered and adjudged by this Court, that jt be so certified to the said circuit court.
VOL. X1.-2 F

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
EDWVARD LIVINGSTON'S EXECUTRIX, APPELLANT V. BFoNxAmI
STORY.
Louisiana. On the 25th July, 1822, Livingston applied to, and obtained from Fort & Story, a loan of 22,936 dollars, on a security of a lot of ground in New Orreans, on which stores were then being built. This sum was received, part in cash, part in a promissory note, and 8,000 dollars Were to be paid to the contractor'for finish. ing the stores on the lot. The property was conveyed by Livingston, to Fort & Story, by a deed of absolute conveyance; and he received from F. & S. a counter leter, by which they promised to reconvey the property to him, if, on or before the lst of February, 1823, he paid them 25,000 dollars. By the counter letter, on payment of the loan, the property was to revert to L.; if not, it was to be sold by an auctioneer of the city of New Orleans, and the residue of the pro. ceeds of the same paid to L.; the money advanced by F. & S., with the interest and the expenses, being first deducted, The agreement for building the storeswas transferred by L. to F. & S., and they agreed to pay the 8,000 dollars, as the work proceeded, in instalments. On the 1st of Februaiy,1823, the buildings had not been completed, and F. & S. agreed that the payment of the sum due on that day should be postponed until the 2d June, 1823; the sum of 25,000 dollars, to be increased to 27,500, being at the rate of eighteen per dent. per annum, for four months, and the residue for expenses of selling the property at auction, &c. An agreement was made, that if the amount named should not be paid on the 1st of June, 1823, the property should be sold at auction, and after, the reppyment of the sum of27,500 dollars, the expenses of sale, &c., the residue should be paid to L. By the same agreement, the counter letter was to be delivered up, and the record of it cancelled. On the 2d of June, the money not being paid by L. to F. & S., it was agreed, that if on 6r before the 5th of August, 1823, the sum due, with interest, at eighteen per cent. per annum, to amount to 27,860 dollars, 76 cents, should not be laid by L. to F. & S., the lbt, and all the buildings, should become the full and abslute property of F. & S. 'The money was not paid; and F. &. S..protested, as they had done on the 4th of February, for noncompliance with the agreement to pay the money agreed to be paid. From this time, F. & S. continued in possession of the lot and the buildings, until the feath of Fort, in 1828; when S. purchased the share which had belonged to F., and he holds the property to this time. The evidence in the case showed, that after July, 1822, the contractor did not apply the 8,000 dollars to the completion of the stores on the property; and although F. & S. knew that he was so neglect. ing to apply the funds, they continued to pay over the same to him, in weekly payments, according to the contract. In 1832, L. having become a citizen of New York, filed a.bill in the district court of the United States, for the eastern district of Louisiana, claiming to have the property held by S., reconveyed to him, on thie payment to S. of the sum due to him, and interest on the same, deducting the rents and profits of the estate; or that the same should be sold according to the terms of the counter letter; and after the payment to S. of the amount due to him, with interest, the same deductions'having beon made, that the balance remaining from the sale should be so paid to him.. By the Court.-After much inquiry and

352

'SUPREME COURT.

[Livingston v. Story.] deliberation, and a comparison of the civil code of Louisiana, with the civil law from which it derives its origin, and with which it is still in close connexion, we have come to the conclusion that the original contract, and counter letter, constituted a pledge of real property; a kind of contract especially provided for by the laws of Louisiana, denominated, " an antichresis." By this kind of contract, the possession of the property is transferred to the person advancing the money. That was done in this case. In case of failure to pay, the property is to be sold by judicial process, and the sum which it may bring, over the amount for what it was pledged, is to be paid to the person making the pledge. In this case a provision was made for a sale by the parties, upon thQ failure of payment; but this feature of the contract is rather confirmatory of the contract and counter letter being an antichresis, than otherwise; for it is, at most, only a substitution by the parties of what the laws of Louisiana require." The decree of the Court was in conformity to those principles. Under the law of Louisiana there are two kinds of pledges; the pawn, and the antichresis. A thing is said to be pawned, when a movable is given as a security: the antichresis is when the security given consists in immovables. The antichresis must be reduced to writing. The creditor acquires by this contract the right of reaping the fruits or other rewards of the immovables given to him in pledge; on condition of deducting, annually, their proceeds from the interest, if any be due to him, and afterwards from the principal of his debt. The creditor is bound, unless the contrary is agreed on, to pay the taxes, as well as the annual charges of the property given to him in pledge. He is likewise bound, under the penalty of damages, to provide for the keeping and necessary repairs of the pledged estate; and may lay out, from the revenues of the estate, sufficient for such expenses. The creditor does not become proprietor of the pledged immovables, by the failure of payment at the stated time; any clause to the contrary is null: and in that case, it is only lawful for him to sue his debtor before the court in order to obtain a sentence against him, and to cause the objects which have been put into his'hands to be seized and sold. The debtor cannot before the full payment of his debt, claim the enjoyment of the immovables which he has given in pledge; but the creditor, who wishes to free himself from the obligations under the antichresis, may always, unless he has renounced this right, compel the debtor to retake the enjoyment of his immovables. The doctrine of prescription, under' the civil law, does not apply to this case, which is one of pledge; and if it does, the time before the institution of this suit had not elapsed, in w~hich, by the law of Louisiana, a Person may sue for immovable property. The 23d rule of this Court for the regulation of equity practice in the circuit courts, is understood by this Court to apply to matters applicable to the merits, and not to mere pleas to the jurisdiction; and especially to those founded on any personal disability, or personal character of the party suing; or to any pleas, merely in abatement. The rule does not' allow a defendant, instead of filing a formal demurrer or a plea, to insist on any special matter in his answer; and have also the benefit thereof, as if he had pleaded the same matter, or had demurred to the bill. In this
respect, the rule is nierely affirmative of the general rule of the court of chancery; in which, matters in abatement, and to the jurisdiction, being preliminary in their nature, must be taken advantage of by plea, and cannot be taken advantage of in a, general answer; which necessarily admits the right and capacity of the party to sue.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Livingston v. Story.]
APPEAL from the district court of the United States for the eastern district of Louisiana.
The case, as stated in the opinion of the Court, was as follows: The complainant, the appellant's testator, on the first day of February, 1834, filed a bill in equity in the district court of Louisiana, in which he stated himself to be a citizen of the state of New York, against Benjamin Story, a citizen of the state of Louisiana. The bill charged, that some time previous to the 22d of July, 1822, the complainant, being in want of money, applied to the defendant and John A. Fort for a loan, offering as a security a lot in the city of New Orleans, on which a building, intended for stores, had been begun; that the defendant and Fort agreed to loan him twenty-two thousand nine hundrcd and thirty-six dollars; of which apart only was paid in cash, part in a note of John A. Fort, and eight thousand dollars of which was afterwards agreed between himself, the defendant and Fort, to be paid by Story and Fort, to one John Rust, a mechanic, who had 'contracted with the complainant, to complete the stores. That to secure the money borrowed, complainant conveyed to Fort and Story the lot of ground mentioned, and that cotemporaneously with the deed of sale, they executed, on their part, an instrument in writing, called a counter-lette.,by which they promised, on the payment of twenty-five thousand dollars, on or before the 1st day of February, 1823, to reconvey to the complainant the property which he had conveyed to them. The complainant further charges, that of the sum of twenty-five thousand dollars to be paid by him on the 1st of February, a part of it was made up by a charge of interest at eighteen- per cent. per annum, upon the amount of twenty-two thousand nine hundred and thirty-six dollars, actually advanced to hiu, and to be paid on his account to Rust, by Fort and Story. The complainant also transferred his written contract with Rust to the defendant and Fort, rendering himself responsible for the proper employment of the 8,000 dollars; and which was to be paid Rust in weekly payments, by the defendant and Fort. Rust, on his part, consented to the transfer of his contract, and accepted Fort and Story in the place of the complainant. The stores were to be completed by Rust by the lit of November, 1822, in a workmanlike manner; and all the materials, except those already provided, were to be found by Rust; and in his contract, he renounces all claim or
VOL. XI.-2 Y

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston v. Story.]
privilege upon ne building beyond 8,000 dollars, which was to be paid him by Fort and Story, for the complainant. The deed anct counter letter, and agreement with Rust, are ii notes A, B, and C.
(A) Dccl. In the city of New Orleans, state of Louisiana, on this 25th day of July, 1822, and in the forty-seventh year of the Independence of the United States of America, before me, Hughes Lavergne, a notary public, duly comflissioned and qualified, in and for the city and paris.h of New Or]cans, residing therein, and-in the presence of the subscribing witnesses hereinafter named, personally appeared, Ed~vard Livingston, of this city, counsellor at laiv, who declared to hanve granted, bargained and sold, and doth by these presents grant, bargain and sell, with all lawful warranty into John A. Fort and Benjamin Story of this city, merchants, here present, an.. accepting, all that parcel of ground situated on the batture of the suburb St. Mary, between Common and Gravier streets, measuring eighty-two feet, fronting Common street, one hundred and twenty-six feet, or thereabouts, fronting Tehoupitoulas street, one hundred and forty-six feet, or thereabouts, fronting New Leviee street; and bounded on the other side by the lot of ground belonging to Messrs. Livermore, Morse, and Miller, and Pierce, contaning one hundred and twenty feet, or thereabouts, the said parcel of ground sold, together with the buildings, improvements, and all other appurtenances to the same in any wise appertaining or belonging without any exception or reserve, the said purchasers declaring that they are perfectly acquainted with the premises, and do not wish for any further description of
the same. The above described property belongs to the said vendor by virtue of the com-
promise entered into betweei him and the heirs of Gravior, by act before Carlisle Pollock, notary public of thi3 city, under date of the 3d of May, ]818, and is free of mortgage, as appears by the recorder's certificate delivered this dVy, and hereunto annexed. This sale is made for and in consideration of the sum of 25,000 dollars, which price the said vendor acknowledges to have received from the said purchasers, out of the presence of the undersigned notary and witnesses, renouncing the exception non numerata pecunia, and giving by these presents to the said pur. chasers a full and entire acquittance and discharge of the said sum of 25,000 dollars. In conseguence of which payment the said vendor doth hereby transfer and set over unto the said purchasers, all his rights of property on the above parcel of ground and buildings thereon; consenting that they should take immediate possession of the said premises now sold, to have, hold, use, and dispose of the same as fully belonging to them by virtue thereof.
This done and passed, in my office, in the presence of John Baptiste Desdunes, junior,and Charles Janin, witnesses, residing in this city, who, together with me, the said notary, have signed this act after the same had been fully read and understood. The contracting parties having previously signed.
(B) Counter-Letter. Whereas, the said Edward Livingston, by act before H. Lavergne, notary public, hath this day sold and conveyed to said Fort and Story, a certain lot of ground, situated on the batture in front of the fauxbourg St. Mary, and designated as lot No. 1, on the plat thereof, deposited in the office of the said notary, together with all the buildings and improvements thereon, for the sum of twenty-five thousand dollars in cash:
Now, be it known, and it is the true intent and meaning of the parties to said deed of sale, that if the said Edward Livingston shall pay and reimburse to said John A. Fort and Benjamin Story, the aforesaid sum of twenty-five thousand dollars, on or

JANUARY TERM; 1837.
[Livingston v. Story.] The complainant charges, that soon after the transactio n, he left New Orleans; and that when he returned to it, he found that Fort and Story had paid to Rust 8000 dollars, on his account, but that little or nothing had been done toward the completion of the stores; so that if the property had been sold on the first of February, according to the terms of the counter-letter, it,would not have pro-
before the st day of February, 1823, then, and in that case, the said Fort and Story stipulate and bind themselves to reconvay the said property above described, to said Edward Livingston. And in case of nonpayment of the said sum of twenty-five thousand dollars, on or before the day as above stipulated, then the said Fort and. Story covenant and agree to cause the said property-to be sold at public auction, by one of the licensed auctioneers of this city, after twenty days' public notice, on the following terms, to wit: twenty-five thousand dollars in cash, and the residue in equal payments one and tvo years: the purchaser giving satisfactory endorsed notes and special mortgage on the property until final payment. The said residue, after deducting the costs attending the sale, to he delivered over to the said Edward Livingston.
And the said Edward Livingston, on his part, having taken cognisanee of this agreement, declares himself to be perfectly satisfied and contented therewith, and gives his full and free assent to the terms of sale and all the conditions as above stipulated
(C) .3,reminmnt with John Rust. it is hereby agureed, bctweeii Edward Livingston and John Rust, as follows:
First, That the said John Rust engages, for the price hereinafter mentioned, to finish the sixteen stores now commenced and brought uj to the ground floor, situated at the corners of Tchoupitoulas, Levee and Common streets, according to the plan and elrvation signed by them a nd delivered to the said Edward Livingston; except that the said stores instead of thrqe are to be only two stories high, to be covered in terrass. The whole to be finished by the 1st day of November next, in a workmanlike manner; and all the materiams, except those already provided, to be found Iby the said John Rust.
And the said Edward Livingston agrees to pay to the said John Rust eight thousand dollars, in weekly payments of six hundred and sixty-si. dollars each, during the progress of thie'w,'rk. IAnd the said John Rust declares that he renounces any kind of claim or privilege upon the said building beyond the said eight thousand dollars to be paid as aforesaid.
Know all men, by these presents, that I, Edward Livingston, for myself and my representatives, do hereby translbr and assign the within contract to John A. Fort, and Benjamin Story, they complying with the stipulations on my part therein con' tained ; and John Rust being here present, consents to the said transfer, and accepts the said John A. Fort and B. Story, in the place of Edward Livingston. Dated. 25th of July, 1a22.
I do further agree to allow the said weekly payment of six hundred and sixty-six dollars to be charged to me, rendering myself responsible for the proper employment thereof, by the said John Rust.

SUPREME COURT.
(Livingston v. Story.]
duced any thing like its full value. That under these circumstances he applied to Fort and Story for further time, which they would not consent to, but on certain conditions; which were, that the property should be-advertised for sale, on the 22d of June, 1823; that the sum due them should be increased from 25,000 dollars to 27,500 dollars; which was so increased by the addition of 1500 dollars "interest, at eighteen .per cent. for five months, 800 dollars, for auctjoneer's commissions, 50 dollars for advertising, and 150 dollarsr, arbitrarily added by the said Fort and Story. The complainant states, that being entirely at the mercy of Fort and Story, he consented to those terms, and executed a paper accordingly.'
The bill further states, that the complainant, on the 2d of June, in order to obtain a delay of sixty days, was forced to consent to sign a paper, by which it was agreed that the debt should be augmented to the sum of 27,830 dollars and 76 cents; and that if the same was not paid on the 5th of August, then the property should belong to the said Fort and Story without any sale.t But there is no clause by which
"Agreement between Edward Livingston, and John A. Fort and Benjamin Story
of tie other part, ass follows: " 1st. The sale of lot No. 1, In the'batture, with the buildings thereon, to be post-
poned until the 2d of June next. "2d. On that day it shall be sold by M'Coy and Company, unless sooner redeemed,
after being advertised in the Courier de Ia Louisiauc. in French; and the Orleans Gazette, in English, from tie 1st day of May previous to the sale.
"3d. The conditions of the sale shall be 27,350 dollars cash, and the residue at one and two years with special mortgage; but in this sum is included 850 dollars, at which the auctioneers' commission, and charges of advertiscment are calculated, which shall be deducted or reduced to what they shall really amount to if payment be made before the 1st of June.
"4th. The overplus, after deducting tle atsh payment, is to be delivered to Edward Livingston.
"5th. The counter-letter, executed by Messrs. Fort and Story, shall be delivered up, and the registry thereof annulled, imunediately after the signature of this agreement, mnade by duplicates, this 4th day 6f March, 1S203.
t in the city of New Orleans, sLate of Louisiana, on the 2d day of June, 1823, the forty-seventh year of the independence of the United States of America, before Mr. Hughes Lavergne, notary public, duly commissioned and qualified, in and for tie city and parish of New Orleans, residing therein, and in the presence of the undersigned withesses hereinafter named:
Personally appeared, Edward Livingston, counsellor at law of this city, on the one part, and John A. Fort and Benjamin Story, of this city, m6rchants, of the other part, which said appearances declared, that this being the day agreed on by contract, between Edward Livingston and the said Fort and Story, for the sale, at auction, of lot No. 1, situated on the batture, in the front of fauxbourg St. Mary; and the said

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Livingston v. Story.] he should be discharged from the payment of the sum so borrowed as. aforesaid, whereby he would have beef liable to the payment of the sum so advanced in case the property had fallen in value; and the bill states, that on the 5th day of August, abovementioned, the said Fort and Story demanded, by a notary, the full sum of 27,830 dollars and 76 cents, which included the charge of 600 dollars for auctioneers' commissions for selling, although no sale had taken place, and all the other illegal charges above stated; and on nonpayment protested for damages and interest on the said sum, thereby showing their intention to hold him responsible for the sum demanded, if the premises should, by any accident, become insufficient in value to pay the same. Fort and Story remained in possession of the said premises until the death of the said John A. Fort, which took place some time in the year 1828; after his death the said Benjamin Story took the whole of the, said property by some arrangement with the heirs of the.said John A. Fort, and is now, and ever since has been, in the sole possession thereof; and the bill charges, that the said John and Benjamin, in the lifetime of the said John, and the said Benjamin, aftei the death of the said John, have received the rents and profits of the said property, to the amount of at least 60,000 dollars; and that the complainant is advised, and believes that he has a right to ask and recover from the said Benjamin Story the possession of the said property, and an account of the rents and
Edward.Livingston having requested that said sale might not take place, for his own accommodation, the said Fort and Story hive agreed to the said Liv;ngston's request, on the following conditions, to wit: that on or before the 5ith day of August, he, the said Livingston, shall pay to the said'Fort and Story, the whole amount of the consideration money paid by them for the said lot. that is to say, the sum of 127,830 dollars 76 cents, and also any other sum they may be under the necessity of paying for the preservation of the said property; then the lot and buildings to revert to the said Livingston, and to become his property: and in case the said Livingston should fiLil, on the day abovementioned, to wit, the 5th day of August next, to pay to the said Fort and Story the sums above specified, then and in thftt case the said lot with all the buildings thereon, are to bbcome the full and absolute property of the said Fort ind Story; and the said Livingston hereby engages thereupon to surrender and cancel all and every writing or bther document, in relation to said property, that may give to him any equity of redemption or other right to the same premises, it being the true intent and meaning of the parties, that in case of failure of payment, as afbresaid, that said lot, with all the buildings and appurtenances to the same belonging, are to vest in said Fort and Story a full title in fee simple forever.
Thus done ,and passed-in my office, on the day, month, and year above written, in the presence of J. B. Desdunes, junior, and Charles Janin, witnesses, residing in this city, and requested to he present, wh6, togbther with the parties, signed this act, as well as me the said notary, after the same had been iully read and understood.

368

SUPREME COURT.

[Livingstonk v. Story.]
profits thereof, the said conveyance of the same from your orator having been. made on a contract for the loan -of money, and although in the form of a sale, in reality only a pledge for the repayment of the same-' the act by which he agreed to dispense with the sale being void and of no effect in -law.
The bill also prayed, "That an account may be taken, under the direction of this honourable court, between your orator and the .defendants to this bill, in which your orator agrees he shall be
charged: "1st. With such sum'as shall be shown to have been advanced to
him or paid on his account under the loan made to him on the 25th day of July, 1822, with the interest which he agreed to pay, of eighteen per cent. per annum, to be calculated upon each advance from the time it was mlide until the 5th of August, 1823, and after that time at legal interest.
"2d. With all reasonable expenditures judiciously made and incurred by the said John and Benjamin, in building, repairing, and safe keeping of the-said property, and that your orator be credited in such account with all such sums as the said John and Benjamin, or either of them,,have received, or might, if they had used due diligence and care, have received from the said property; and that, in such account, the rents and profits be applied as the law requires: first, to the payment of the sums necessarily incurred in building and repairing; secondly, to the payment of interest on the sums which shall appear to have been advanced on the said loan; and, thirdly, to the discharge of the principal of the said loan.
"And that if, on said account, it shall appear that there is a balance due him, as he hopes to be able to show will be the case, that the said Benjamin Story he decreed to pay the same to him, and to *urrender the said property to him; and that if any balance be found due from the complainant, that the said B. Story may be decreed to delivdr the said property to him, on his paying or tendering to him the said balance; and that he may have such other relief as the nature of his case may require. That le,the said Benjamin Story, in his own right, and also as executor of the last will and testament of the said' John A. Fort, or in any other manner representing the estate of the said John A. Fort, may be summoned to answer this bill; the complainant averring that he is a citizen of the state of New York, and that the said Benjamin Story is a citizen of the state of Louisiana, and now resides in New Orleans."

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

359 '

[Livingston v. Story.]
The protests, made at the request of John A. Fort and Benjamin Story, on the nonpayment of the money stipulated to be paid by Edward Livingston, on the 1st of February, 1823, stated, that on that day the notary had requested from Edward Livingston, payment of the sum of twenty-five thousand dollars, and was answered, that 'he could not immediately pay the sum due to Fort and Story, but that he hoped soon to be able to do it." The answer to the demand made, stated in the protest of the 5th of August, 1823, to have been given by Edward Livingston was, "that owing to the very extraordinary scarcity of money, he was prevented repaying the money he had borrowed from Messrs. Fort and" Story. at this time, but was willing to allow them the same interest, at eighteen per cent, with good personal security, in addition to the real property they now have, for the renewal of the obligation for six months."
On the 17th of February, 1-834, Benjamin Stofy appeared to the bill, and demurred to the same; alleging for cause of the demurrer, that the case made in the bill was not such a one as entitled the claimant in a court of equity of the state of Louisiana, to any discovery touching the matters contained in the bill, or any'ofher matters, nor.to any relief; and that by complainant's own showing in the
said bill, that the heirs of John A. Fort, who is therein named, is a necessary party to the said bill; as much as it is therein stated, that all the matters of which he complains, were transacted with this defendant and John A. Fort, whose widow, the present Mrs. Luzenburg, is the sole heir and residuary legatee.
The district court sustained the demurrer, and dismissed the bill,
on two grounds; 1st. "That this is not a suit that can be maintained in its present
form, in a court'of the United States, sitting in Louisiana." 2d. "That a material party is omitted in the bill." The complainant appealed to the Supreme Court, and at January
term, 1835, the decree of the district court was reversed; and the case remanded for further proceedings. 9 Peters' R. 632. On'the 15th of December, 1835, Benjamin Story filed in the district court of Loiisiana, an answer, on oath, to the original bill, in which he says, :hat' he does not admit, but if it be the fact, requires proof that the complainant is a citizen of -the state of New York, that at the time of the transaction mentionql in the bill, and for a long time thereafter, he was a citizen of the state of Louisiana, and one of her senators in the senate of the United States; and if he.has ceased to be a citi-

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston v. Story.]
zen of that state, the defendant knows not when or how, and calls for the proof.
And this defendant further answering, says, that he expressly denies, that on or about the 25th July, 1822, that he and John A. Fort agreed to lend to the complainant the sum of twenty-two thousand nine hundred and thirty-six dollars, or any other sum.
That he expressly denies, that any time, either jointly with the said Fort, or this defendant separately, ever agreed to lend to the said complainant any suum of money whatever, as alleged in the bill of complainant.
That so far from there having been any loan intended by the parties, this defendant states, that the negotiation for the sale -of the said lot, commenced between John A. Fort and Nathan Iorse, Esq., since deceased, the latter acting for the said complainant; and that one of them informed this defendant that the complainant wished to raise money on mortgage; but this defendant peremptorily and expressly refused to advance any money whatever to the complainant on mortgage. That during the progress of the negotiation, the complainant having learned that the defendant was to be interested in the purchase, and was to make the principal payments, mentioncd to this defendant, that he would prefer obtaining mojiey by mortgage dn the property, rather than make a sale of it; and this defendant again repeated to him his refusal, and insisted upon a sale being made to him.
As evidence of the understanding of the parties, and of the real nature of the transaction, certain communications which had been addressed by the alleged agent of 1IVr. Livingston to John A. Fort and Story, were annexed to the answer.*

To JOHN A. FoRT, Esq., Present.

Messrs. John A. Fort and Story will oblige Mr. Livingston by sending in writing,

their definitive terms, that is-

What sum will they give in cash: what sum they retain in their own hands to ap-

propriate towards the building: what sums, and at what periods they give their

notes: that they must have an absolute sale of the lot and buildings free from all

incumbrances, and a transfer of the contract, and are to be put in immediate posses-

sion: the property to be returned in case the money is refunded punctually, at the

xpiratiou of

months.

To Mr. John A. Fuirr, Present.

Messrs. Fort aud Story are requested to meet at Lavergne's office, corner of Royal

and St. Louis Street, this day, at 12 o'clock, for the purpose of completing the

arrangements for th batture.

Friday, 26th July.

(S'igaocd)

24. Moitsl;.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Livingston v. Story.] The sale was agreed to, and an act was passed. on the 25th of July, 1822, containing the clause of non enumerata petunia. The answer refers to the difierent documents which have been stated, and referred to in the complainant's case. The money not being repaid, as was provided-in the counter-letter on the 2d of February, 1823, no sale of the property was made by auction, because of the request of the complainant; and on the 4th of March they made another agreement, (note ante, page 356,) by which they agreed to postpone the sale of the property until the 2d of June, 1823; and the said Ed,.iard Livingston, in conideration of allowing him such additional chance to repurchase the said lot and buildings, or obtain some person to purchase it, agleed to pay to them a compensation therefor, as is in said agreement stipulated; and in this agreement it is covenanted between the parties, that the counter-letter should be annulled and given up, so that there then existed between the parties the absolute bill of sale, and this stipulation of 4th of March, 1823. And finally, the 2d day of June, 1823, having arrived, and Edward Livingston would not pay the price of said property, nor was thcre any offer therefor, and at his request an agreement was entered into before H. Lavcrgne, a notary public, whereby 'he said Edward Livingston requested that the dale might not take place for his accommodation, and the said Fort and Story agreed thereto, on the following conditions: that on or before the 1st day of August, 1823, the said Edward Livingston should pay the said sum of twenty-seven thousand eight hundred and thirty dollars and seventy-six cents, and any further sum by them expended for the care and preservation of said property, and that then the said lot and buildings were to become the property of said Livingston; and in case the said Livingston should fail on the 5th August, 1823, to pay to the said Fort and Story the sums above specified, then the said lot, with the buildings thereon, were to become the full and absolute property of Fort and Story, and the said Livingston engaged thereupon to surrender and cancel all and every writing or other document in relation to said property, that might give to him any equity of redemption or other right to the said premises; it being in said act expressly stated, that it was the true intent and meaning of the parties, that in the case of failure of payment as aforesaid, that said lots, with all tie buildings and appurtenances to th0 same belonging, are to vest in said Fort and Story a full, free, and absolute title in fee simple forever.
VOL. XI.-2 Z

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston v. Story.]
The answer denied that at the time of the purchase, the property was worth more than the money Fort and Story paid for it, and that any loan of money was made; but it was an absolute sale, with power to redeem, which was twice extended to the complainant, and was finally closed by the last agreement; and on the 5th of August, 1823, a demand was made, and'payment refused; whereby all clauses of redemption were annulled, by articles 93, 94, of the act then in force in Louisiana, and the property became absolutely and irrevocably the property of Fort and Story.
The answer also denies that the property has become as valuable as is represented by the complainant; and it states, that on the 10th of March, 1832, he, the respondent, by a purchase from the widow of John A. Fort, now Mrs. Luzenburg, became the owner of the moiety of the property which had belonged to John A. Fort, for which the sum of fifty thousand dollars was to be paid. A liability by Mrs. Luzenburg and her husband to repay this money in case of eviction, is alleged to exist under the laws of Louisiana, and that the purchaser has a right, under those laws to call on the vendor, to assist in his defence; "and the respondent submits to the Court, .i-hether by the proceedings having been instituted in the district court of the United States, Mrs. Luzenburg is to be precluded from claiming and defending the ownership, when, being vendor, she is interested in the case."
The answer prays a citation to the widow of John A. Fort, who intermarried with Dr. Luzenburg; that they may appear and defend the sale, and abide by any decree of the Court.
To the answer, is annexed a statement of the moneys paid and received, on account of the estate, by the respondent, and John A. Fort. The sums paid for the estate from July 26, 1822, to May 27, 1827, amounted to fifty-one thousand five hundred and thirty-seVen dollars and twenty"ients, the interest at ten per cent., which is twen-' ty-six thousand two hundred and sixty-one dollars and twelve cents; total seventy-seven thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight dollars and thirty-two cents; the sums received, up to January 26, 1829, amount to twenty-nine thousand seven hundred and five dollars and sixty-nine cents--interest seven thousand and seventy-three dollars and eighteen cents. Total thirty-six thousand seven hundred .and seventy-eight dollars and eighty-seven cents. The answer claims the benefit of the proscription of five or ten years, under the laws of Louisiana, as constituting a bar to the suit

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Livingston v. Story.] Afterwards, on the 14th of March, 1836, the defendant filed an amended answer, stating, that Mary C. Luzenburg, the widow of John A. Fort, deceased, had, since the filing of the original answer, set up a claim to the moiety of the estate in controversy, and had instituted a suit in the judicial district court of the state of Louisiana, against the respondent, for the purpose of vacating the contract by which he became invested with a title to the interest of which Fort died possessed, and to recover the same from him; and as the claim is not admitted, but in the event of the success of the appellant, she and her husband would be liable to the respondent, and consequently, the rights of the respective parties could not be fully, fairly, and finally decided, unless Luzenburg and wife be made parties to this suit. The amended answer prays they may, by the complainant, be made parties to the bill. A copy of the bill of Mrs. Luzenburg to the judge of the district court of the first judicial district of.the state of Louisiana, is annexed to the amended answer. It alleges a sale of the moiety of the property which belonged to John A. Fort, to have been made to Benjamin Story, on the 10th of March, 1832, for fifty thousand dollars; whtn in truth and in fact, the said moiety was worth one hundred thousand dollars. The testimofty of two witnesses was taken in open court. Hughes Lavergne, the notary before whom many of the documents in the case had been executed, deposed, "Mr. Nathan Morse came to his office accompanied by Mr. Story, at the period named, for the purpose of making the sale above referred to. Mr. Morse appeared in this transaction to be the legal adviser of Messrs. Story and Fort; at this time Mr. Livingston was and had been for some time a member of the New Orleans bar, of great practice and celebrity, and it was not probable that Livingston would employ a lawyer to advise him. Cross-examined by the defendant's counsel to the question, if-deponent does not know that Mr. Morse was the financial agent of Mr. Livingston? He answers that he does not know that he was. Money was very scarce in New Orleans, in 1822. "H. Lockett, Esq. the agent of Mr. Livingston, deposed, that the complainant has not been in Louisiana since 1829; that he has wriAten to deponent often, that he had changed his domicil to New York; he has property there and votes there. "Cross-examined: 'deponent states, that Mr. Livingston was the

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston v. Story.]
senator from Louisiana until the year 1831, when he was appointed secretary of state at Washington; it was then that Mr. Livingston changed his domicil to the state of New York; deponent never saw Mr. Livingston in New.York, as he has never been there; but he has received letters, and still receives letters from E. Livingston, dated and postmarked New York."
On the 3d of June, 1836, the district court made a decree, that the bill of the complainant should be dismissed.
The complainant, Edward Livingston, having died, his executrix was made a party to the proceedings, and she prosecuted this'appeal.
The case was argued by Mr. White for the appellant, and by Mr. Crittenden and Mr. Clay for the appellee.
Mr. White for the appellant. An attempt is made by the appellee to raise up a question ofjurisdiction in this case. If the right of Mr. Livingston to sue in the court of the United States in Louisiana, resting upon his having been a citizen of that state when the suit was commenced, is contezted$ the exception should have been presented to the district court of the United States in Louisiana, by a plea to the jurisdiction. Proof could then have been regularly given, that he became a citizen of New York in 1831, and continued such until his death, in 1836. Proof of this is in the record. The whole of this attempt is made to cover the real character of this transaction; and it is sought to make it a sale of the property) and not a loan, as the penalties of usury are heavy under the laws of Louisiana. The facts of the case show that it was a loan by John A. Fort and Benjamin Story, to Mr. Livingston; of this the Court will be fully satisfied. Nothing is so common under the civil law, as to make a deed of absolute transfer of real estate, and to t.ike an agreement from the tender of the money, to secure whom the deed is made, which is called "a counter-letter." This is an advantage to the borrower; it puts him in possession of the evidence of the real nature of the transaction, and gives him full power over the deed of conveyance. The counter-letter is the contract between the parties. In this case it contradicts the answer of the defendant to the plaintiff's bill. He says it was an absolute sale of the land. That is entirely disproved by the counter-letter. The counter-letter shows it was not a sale, but

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Livingston v. Story.]
a loan oin the seturity of the real estate; and the law of Louisiana takes charge of the borrower, and will not allow him, under the pressure of his difficulties, to surrender the protection the law gave him. A sale by an auctioneer, or a judicial sale, is required; and ibis the borrower cannot relinquish.
The purpose of the lenders was to embarrass the borrower, and thus prevent the redemption of the property. The stores were not completed, as they ought to have been; and as the contractor, Rust, should have been obliged by Fort and- Story to tomplete them; they having an assignment of the contract for their completion. Nothing was done by them. Had the contract With Rust been insisted upon, and the stores completed, ample means to pay the whole sum borrowed would have been in possession of Mr. Livingston. The extravagant interest which was made a part of the consideration for the loan, would have been fully paid; and this most willingly. The appellant has no wish to escape from the payment of that interest; and he has instructed his counsel -et to ask any thing which will prevent its allowance, according to the agreement.
The property, at the time of the transaction, was far greater in value than the amount loaned by Fort and Story. In 1832, it was worth one hundred thousand dollars. It is now of much greater value5 and all the appellant asks, is, that she may be allowed to repay to the lenders, all they advanced, all they expended, and the legal interest on the amount since the debt became payable; taking back the estate, and having the advantage of the proceeds of it since that time. No injustice will be done by this settlement; and .all parties should be satisfied with it.
This was not a conditional sale of the property by Mr. Livingston. It was a pledge of real estate, which cannot be enforced by a sale of the pledge without a judicial proceeding. This is what, in the civil law of Spain, is called "antichresis."
The code of law prevailing in Louisiana, is difficult to be understood. It has gr6wn up since the first establishment of the province. Originally it was adopted by a proclamation of Governor O'Riley, in 17685 and was afterwards confirmed by the king of Spain. This was "The Corpus jure Civilis," and the "Partidas," and "The Recopilacion de leyes de las Indias." The French inhabitants of the province bbcame dissatisfied, and the "Les Coutumes de Paris," wdre declared to furnish the rules of practice: the principles of the established laws to remain in full force.

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston v. Stoly.]
This was the state of things when the United States acquired the territory; and great embarrassments arose on the introduction of the provisions of 'the laws of the United States, and the forms of proceedings under the same. A code was prepared by authority of the legislature of the state, which is called the civil code, and is in most of its provisions the code Napo]eon; and allows the Spanish laws to prevail, in all cases to which they will apply.
By the civil laws of Spain, the transaction was an antichresis; and by these laws Mr. Livingston was to be treated as a minor, and could, by no acf of-his, change the contract, far less dissolve or annul it. Civil laws of Spain, translated by Johnson, 149, 156. "A pledge must be sold by some judicial process. The right of property in a pledge cannot be transferred, except by some judicial proceeding, whatever may be the stipulations between the parties;" lb. 159. The counter-letter stipulates that the surplus shall go to Mr. Livingston. Civil Code of Lou. article Pledge; tit. 22, art. 3100.
In article 3143, Civil Code of Louisiana, will be found the regulations relative to unremovable pledges, called antichreses; and article 3146, declares, that any clause which passes the property of a debtor on a failu're to pay, is inoperative and void. At common law, the mortgagee may become the owner of the property by a-release of the equity of redemption; but the civil law does not allow this.
Mr. White then read to the Court, an argument prepared by Mr. Hunt, of New Orleans, who was the counsel for Mr. Livingston, in. the district court of Louisiana; to show the character of the loan, by the laws of the state of Louisiana, derived as they are from the laws of Spain and of France; and contending, that by the provisions of the law, the property was pledged, not sold; cited, 4 Kent's Com. 135, 136; Civil Code, S62, ch. 5, art. 91; Ibid. 344; 2 Vez. 405; Poth. Sale, art. 362; 5 Mass. Rep. 109; 9 Wheat. 489; Civil Code, 446; Tit. Pledge, art. 25; 12 Seirry, 20; 13 Ibid. 223; 7 Ibid. 872; 1 Martin's Rep. N. S.417; Civil Code, 408, art. 12, 13; 2 Martin's
N. S. 21, 4. The authorities referred to in this argument, show that the whole
transaction was one protedted by the law. The protests which Fort and Story made on the nonpayment of
the sum borrowed, were intended to destroy the credit of the borrower; and thus prevent his obtaining from other sources the funds reauired for the redemption of the property.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

367

[Livingston v. Story.]
In the case cited from 2 Martin's Reports, N. S. 21, 4, the Court will find the opinion of Judge Porter, showing that a right to land pledged, cannot be acquired without some judicial proceeding; and so all measures to destroy the rights of the original owner of the property, will be of no avail. Once a mortgage, always a mortgage; cited 4 Miller's Lou. Rep. 3, as to the nature and effect of a counterletter.

Mr. Crittenden, for the defendant. This is a suit in Chancery which has heretofore been before this Court. After it was remanded, the Louisiana court proceeded to enforce the decision of this Court. The defendant filed "his answer to the complainant's bill, to which the complainant replied, and the cause was tried on its merits, and the court dismissed the bill with costs, from which this appeal is prosecuted. The case attempted to be made out by the complainant in his bill, is, that he made a loan of the defendant and a certain Fort, was to ,give them an exorbitant interest; and, as a security for the repayment of the money advanced to him, that he conveyed the lot, which is the subject of controversy, in New Orleans, in mortgage. On the contrary, the defendant denies, peremptorily and positively, that the transaction was a loan; and avers that he and his associate, Mr. Fort,-absolutely refused to make any loan to the complainant. He denies that the conveyance of thd lot in dispute is a mortgage. He alleges that the lot was purchased by him and his associate of the complainant; with a privilege secured to him of repurchasing it by a given day. That this privilege, although extended from time to time, was never exercised by him; and that the lot, therefore, became the absolute property of the defendant and his associate. The whole controversy, so far as the merits are concerned, turns upon the fact, whether the parties to the transaction intended a sale of the property, or a loan; and the conveyance of the lot as a security for the reimbursement of that loan. The complainant sues as a citizen of the state of New York, and the defendant denies that he was a cftizen of that state at the time of the commencement of the suit. The proof attempted on this point by the complainant is irregular, and not to be regarded. -With the exception of that testimony, all the evidence is documentary. The transaction originated in an absolute conveyance of the property,

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston y. Story.]
with a separate instrument, called 'a counter-letter, both under date of the 25th July, 1822; and by the1r terms it was to have been consummated on the 1st of February, 1823; but at the instance of Livingston, and it virtue of new agreements, materially variant from the first, this consummation was deferred to the 2d of June, and then to the 5th of August, 1823. 13y these new agreements, the counter-letter of the 25th of July, 1822, was annulled; and it was finally settled between the parties, that if Livingston paid the'sum specified on or before the said 5th of August, 1823, the property should (Irevert to said Livingston and become his property;" and that if he should fail to pay by that day, then that said lot and appurtenances to be the "absolute property of the said Fort and Story;" the said Livingston to surrender and cancel every "writing or document that might give him any equity of redemption, or other right to the said premises: it being the true intent and meaning of the parties" that, in case of the failure of payment, &c., the said lot and appurtenances "are to vest in the said Fort and Story a full title in fee simple forever."
The m-in question in the cause turns upon the law of Louisiana, where the civil law prevails, and where they have no code of equity, nor of common law: except as it has been introduced, in a very limited extent, since the annexation of Louisiana to. the United
States. 1. The first question will he as to Mr. Livingston's right to main-
tain a suit in the district court of the United States for Louisiana. Should that be decided affirmatively, the
2d, And most important question is, was the original transaction between the parties, the case of, a loan, or of a bona fide sale?
3. A minor question may arise, as to the parol testimony admit. ted, contrary to the usages of courts of equity, at the trial of the suit.
It is denied that the court had jurisdiction of the case; as Mr. Livingston was, at the time the suit was brought, a citizen of Louisi. ana. The answer denies his citizenship, and the proof which was given on the part of Mr. Livingston, by no. means shows he had ceased to belong to Louisiana.
The appellees have full right to raise the, question of jurisdiction here. Jurisdiction was denied in the district court, and evidence given upon the question. - The Court will look at that evidence. If there is no jurisdiction, the Court will dismiss the cause. Having

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Livingston v. Story.]
been brought into question, and the whole of the testimony appearing which was given to establish it; this Court will consider the point as regularly before them; cited Brown v. Keene, 8 Peters, 125.
It is known, that when Mr. Livingston became the secretary of state, he was a citizen of Louisiana. While at the city of Washington, he could not acquire, the right of -a citizen in any other state; although it is admitted that a residence at Washington in the public service, could not affect his citizenship in the state from which he came. He could only become a citizen of New York, by actual residence there; and this did not take place until after he filed the bill in this case, in the district court of the United States for the eastern district of Louisiana. As to jurisdiction, cited 4 Cond. Rep. 127, note. Brown v. Keene, 8 Peters, 125.
The appellee, in this case, is protected by time. This suit was not brought until ten years- after the transaction between the parties was closed. Civil Code of Louisiana, 302. The allegation of the operation of the act oti limitation is in the case, and the Court will regard it.
Upon the merits of the case, the question will be, whether the arrangement between Mr. Livingston, and Fort and Story, was a sale of the property, or a pledge. The appellee asserts it to have been originally a conditional sale; which afterwards was made absolute by Mr. Livingston, who had a perfect right to make it such.
The provisions of the civil law, and of the Louisiana code, which have been referred to by the counsel for the appellant, apply to mortgages. If this was a case of mortgage, then the ability of the mortgagor to change it, and relinquish his right to have a judicial sale of the property, may exist.
It is difficult, under the common law, to distinguish between a conditional sale, and a mortgage. What this is, must be decided by the code, and by the decisions of Louisiana.
The counter-letter speaks of the deed from Mr. Livingstonas a conveyance; and the recital admits the transaction to be a sale. The purpose of the counter-letter, was to secure a reconveyance.
If the civil law allowed Mr. Livingston the ability to cancel the counter-letter, the evidence to shovi that he did so, and waived his right of redemption, is conclusive. The authorities cited by the counsel for the appellant, apply to admitted mortgages; and they have no application to this transaction, which never was a mortgage.
VOL. XI.-3 A

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston v. Story.]
But'if it had been such, still the kight to release the equity of redemption,-existed; and under the civil law, that right may, by agreement, be extinguished. Civil Code of Louisiana, 472.
The civil code of Louisiana, of 1808, was in force when this transaction took place. The provisions which apply to it, will be found in pages 344, and in 272, 274. The contract comes within the definitions of a conditional sple, in the articles referred to. A sale is, where one agrees to give a thing or property for a particular- sum of money. This was a sale; but subject to an expressed condition, which suspended its operation for a certain time, within which the vendor had a right, expressly reserved, to cancel it.
The papers all show it was such a sale., It is no where called a mortgage, or a security for money loaned. The counter-letter does not contain an engagement to repay the money received from' the purchaser of the property. The deed is absolute. The only stipulation is that of Fort and Story, to reconvey the property; but there is no obligation on the part of Mr. Livingston, to repay the money he had received. It is essential that there should -have been such an agreement, to constitute a loan. Both parties, in the case of a loan, are bound; one to receive the money, when offered, the other to repay it, according to the agreement. It would be vain to search for such provisions'in the instruments executed by the parties. They import any thing but such an arrangement.
But if, originally, it was not a sale, it afterwards became such. The surrender of the counter-letter, and the subsequent agreement of the parties, converted it into an absolute transfer of the estate; and this, after all the indulgence which Mr. Livingston had asked, had been fully conceded to him. The postponement from the 4th of March, 1823, was made at the instance of Mr. Livingston, and on entering into the agreement; which, after a further postponement from June to August, in the same year, he terminated, with his free and full consent; gaye up all his right or claim on the property. The rights of Fort and Story thereby became absolute and irrevocable.
It is contended, that although this agreement was made, yet by the
civil law it was of no avail, and was void. If this is not the law, then the agreement must have full effect. The Court must be satisfied that this is the law of Louisiana; and unless they are so satisfied, the decree of the district court will be affirmed.
The authorities referred to by the counsel for the appellant, if they have any application, apply to loans on mortgage, and they may show

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

371

[Livingston v. Story.] that, in case of a mortgage, such agreements are void. They can have no other application.
It is true, that once a mortgage always a mortgage; but certainly a party may give up his right of redemption; Code of Louisiana, 472. Mortgages may be extinguished by raction or agre6ment. This is a paction, or agreement.
By the original agreement between the parties, the property was to be put up to sale; but Mr. Livingston afterwards gave this up, considering that this would be more advantageous than to offer the property for sale. Mr. Livingston was fully competent to do.this; and yet it is contended by the appellant, that by some law of Louisiana, the power to do so is taken away.
If the transaction was a sale on condition, then it is not asserted that Mr. Livingston had no power to make it absolute. The civil code of Louisiana is explicit to this effect.
The very form of a sale, on condition, has been adopted in this
case. The deed is an absolute and complete transfer; the couniterletter declares the conditions of the sale. This, by the civil 6ode, is a paction, by which the vendor reserves the right to take back the property; and in the instrument the very terms of the law are adopted. May I not sell my property, on a condition that if I do not repay the money named, the estate shall be sold by auction; the proceeds of the sale to repay the same, and I to receive the residue? This may be done biy our laws.
Courts of chancery have sought to make such a. transaction between parties, more than they intended it to be: but the law of Louisiana will not allow this; Title Mortgage, art. 1, 452; art. 6, 452. Under the law of Louisiana, no conditional mortgage can exist between parties, except that which .is expressly stipulated. None can be inferred from any thing but the express agreement of the parties. Authorities will sustain these positions; 1 Martin's Rep., New Series, 522, 528.
Strong apprehensions have prevailed in Louisiana, that in conse-
quence of the decisions of this Court, in cases from the district of Louisiana, the laws of Louisiana are not to govern the cases which may be brought hbre; but that they are to be decided by the chancery law of other states, and biy the chancery laws of England. This is an error in those who entertain such apprehensions. The courts of the United States adopt the forms of proceeding in ehan-

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston v. Story.]
cery cases, where they are brought into those courts; but they will apply the laws of the place to contracts made under them.
It.has been said that the civil code of Louisiana is but a part of the law of that state, and that they have there, in full application, the corpus juris civilis, and the Partidas of Spain. Whatever system of laws prevailed before 1808, after that time the laws then established alone prevailed. After that time we are not to look to the laws of Spain, or of any part of the continent of Europe. In the formation of the code then adopted, such of the provisions of those laws as were approved, were taken from them; and Louisiana having a right to make her laws, did thus make them. No other, code now exists.
By the law then established, the transaction in this case was a contract of sale on condition; and the time for the performance of the condition is not, by the law, permitted to be extended. After the time fixed, no redemption can take place. Possession of the property was given when tie sale was made, and has continued from that time. This is stated in the bill. The possession shows the character of the arrangement, and proves that no mortgage, but a sale only, was intended.
The fact that it was a loan of money, and not a sale, is asserted in the bill; and in the answer this is denied, and it is asserted by the respondent to have been a sale. No proof to support the allegations in the bill is given, and the facts in the answer are to stand until disproved. This is the rule in chancery.
But if evidence were required to show that the negotiation was as represented by the respondent, it will be found in the notes which were written before it was concluded. Mr. loss asks what sum Fort and Story will give for the property, to be redeemed by Mr. Livingston.
The allegation of the increased value of property is not supported by evidence. The bill filed by the widow of Fort is no part of the case. But whatever may be the present value of the property, it can have no influence in the cause.
Suppose the property was now worth one-half of what it was in
.1823, could the respondent apply to the district court of Louisiana, and :fter making a sale at auction, claim from the legal representafives of Mr. Livingston. the deficiency? This right should be found in the proceedings in favour of the defendant; or it cannot exist in f&iyour of the representatives of Mr. Livingston.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Livingston v. Story.] Mr. Clay, also of counsel for the appellee. This case stands before the Court under no favourable appearances. A transaction closed in 1823; finally closed; viihout an expression of dissatisfaction; and in harmony with the written agreements between the parties: is brought up ten years afterwards, and a claim is made to put aside all that was then considered completed. Mr. Livingston was in Louisiana for many years after 1823, in New Orleans; and no suit was instituted by him to avoid what he had done, and no complaint made by him. The situation of Mr. Livingston, his profound legal knowledge, and his professional experience, gave him every opportunity of knowing the import and effect of the instruments executed by the parties. On the other hand, the purchasers of the property were ignorant of the law, were merchants, not knowing the effect of these instruments. They took them to be what they imported; and trusted to them upon the plain construction of their terms. The first question in the case is, by what law is it to be tried? The case shows the high and august character of this Court. Accustomed to the rules of the common law, and to the principles and practice adopted in courts of equity; they are called upon, from a distant state, to expound laws different from those which their deep studies have made familiar to them; and a knowledge of which, and their eminence as jurists, learned in the common law, and the law of equity, have given them the high positions they hold. The effect of the decree in this case, when it was formerly before the Court, was no more than to give to the district court of the eastern district of Louisiana chancery jurisdiction over the cause. The llan of the constitution of the-United States, was not to create or apply any laws in the states of the Union in the courts of the United States, in cases brought before those courts, other than the established laws of the state; but to give a right to administer those laws in the cases 16gally brought before those courts. In cases brought from any state to this Court, thu only power the Court has is to apply the laws of the state; and in this case the law of Louisiana will be applied. It is essential to secure confidence in the Court, that this shall always be done. In looking at this case, under the laws of Louisiana, the Court will find that there are no laws which impose penalties on usury;, and although*the civil code declares the rate of interest in certain

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston v. Story.]
cases, and in particular contracts; it does no more. These provisions will not be filled up by penalties.
It was, in the district court of Louisiana, presented on new pleading, and the facts as exhibited in the defendant's answers, in the contracts 'between the parties, and on the oral evidence, are now, for the first time, to be considered by this Court.
The question of jurisdiction, from the citizenship of the parties, was brought before that Court, and the evidente does not show that the complainant, when the bill was filed, was a citizen of any other state than Louisiana. This Court will now consider this question. If, according to the strict rules of pleading, under the common law, and the practice of courts of chancery, a plea in abatement should have been filed, this is not required by the civil law, and it will not be now insisted upon. A suggestion of a want of jurisdiction is always in time; and even if the principles applied in chancery cases, shall govern in the final decision of this cause, the practice of the courts of the United States, in Louisiana, are by the acts of congress, to be conformable to the rules of practice in the state -courts.
As to the merits of the case, all the allegations of the great value of the property, are without any evidence to support them. If at the time of the transaction, the property was of greater value 'than the sum the defendant and Fort agreed to pay for it, this could have been, and should have been proved. No testimony was offered on this subject; and the conclusion is, that such was not the fact. If afterwards it became of greater value, it did so in consequence of the improvements made upon it by the purchasers, by the expenditure of their capital upon it; and by the rise of property in value from the great prosperity of the city of New Orleans.
But if the value of the estate is to be determined by this Court, and is essential to the disposition of the case; the Court have evidence before them, which entirely contradicts all the assertions of the appellant., The accounts rendered by the appellee, show that no proceeds of the property, which will justify or sustain the allegations of such value, have come into his hands. This is the best testimony which the case admits of; and the appellant has not attempted to contradict the statements in these accounts.
The liberty of purchasing property, and, the privilege of disposing of it, are among the highest we enjoy. May they not be exer-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Livingston v. Story.]
cised in the manner which those who acquire or will dispose of property think proper, and on such terms as may be agreed upon? May not a loan of money on property to-day, be converted into a sale to-morrow for the money borrowed? Nothing in the laws of Louisiana to prevent this has been shown; and no such 'provisions exist. While courts may have looked into transactions of this kind with a jealous scrutiny, to prevent usury; they have 'not claimed the powers to make void an absolute sale, made by a person fully competent to act, and who deliberately acted in making the sale; and this where no evidence has been offered to show that the full value of 'the property sold, was not paid. The whole argument of the appellant assumes that the transaction was that of a loan; and this in direct opposition to the other evidence in the case. It assumes that it was a loan on the property by Fort and Story; and being s6ch, the law of Louisiana deprived the borrower of the right to change the transaction, and make it a sale. To support this position, the law prevailing in Louisiana has been referred to without success.
Mr. White, in reply, insisted that there was evidence in the case which fully proved that Alr.. Livingston was, when the bill was filed, a citizen of the state of New York. He became a citizen of that state, when he ceased to be a senator from tle state of Louisiana; and his residence in the District of Columbia, while acting as secretary of state, did not affect, or impair his New York citizenship. He asked, if an exception to the jurisdiction of this Court, on the allegation that the appellant could not sue in the district court of the United States of Louisiana, could be admitted; when it did not appear, that the question of citizenship had been made before the judge of that court?
As to the operation of the act of limitation, no such point was made in the court below. If it had been presented, the law of Louisiana would not have sustained it. Cited, Civil Code, art. 1082, 1084, art. 67, page 436; Title Prescription. In 3 Martin's Rep. 458, the law on this subject is found. Prescription does not apply to pledges, and is always interrupted by judicial proceedings; and it does not run until twenty years. Cited, as to Prescription, or Action of Nullity, Civil Code, 722, 1084.
The argument for the appellant has been mistaken by the counsel for the defendant., It has not been said that this is the case of a mort-

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston v. Story.]
gage. Possession of the property mortgaged, does not expressly, nor does it ever in Louisiana pass with the execution of the instrument. This was not then a mortgage. Was it an absolute sale? The demand of the money at the several succeeding periods when it became payable, and the protests at each period, even at the last, when by the surrender of the counter-letter, and the new agreement, the transaction had assumed a new aspect; show that it was always considered and treated as a loan.
The only right Fort and Story acquired by the last agreement, was the right to procure from a competent court a decree of sale; this decree they could not legally obtain, until the complainant was legally put in default, by the sentence of a court.
The complainant was never put in legal default; no legal demand was made; no sale ordered. The property remains the property of Livingston in pledge.
The contract was usurious by the law of Louisiana. Interest on a judicial proceeding is five per cent.; bank interest is six per cent.; and conventional interest may be ten per cent. No one can recover on a contract, where the interest exceeds ten per cent. In this case the contract being usurious, was tainted and corrupted throughout. The transaction not being one of mortgagc, not being a conditional sale, or an absolute sale, after the surrender of the counter-letter, what is it? This is shown in'the laws of Louisiana.
Under ,that law, as under the civil law, the security is one of the highest order, and one under the peculiar guardianship of the law. The contract being made, is to be carried out according to its original terms, and no other. If the amount loaned is not repaid, the lender mut adopt the course which was originally agreed upon; and which he stipulated to pursue. He can only sell the property by a judicial sale; and from the sale receive the sum due to him. This is called an antichresis by the civil code; and all its characteristics and its incidents are well defined, established,, and declared. Cited, art. 974, 984, Civil Code.
The nature of the antichresis'is, that the lender has the property in his possession, and receives the profits. These go towards-paying all expenses to which he may be subjected, and discharging the interest on the loan. The rule of the civil law, both in Louisiana, and wherever it 1revails, is, once a pledge, always a pledge. Cases have existed, and the rulesof the law have been applied to them, in which

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Livingston v. Story.) as many as one hundred years have elapsed since the transaction was commenced. 13 Seirey, 223.
The stipulation which was afterwards entered into, that the title to the pledge should become absolute, and become a title in fee simple, was void and null by the civil code; and by the decisions of the courts of Louisiana. Civil Code of 1808, art. 25, tit. Pledge; Code Napoleon, art. 20, 88. It is here said, the creditor cannot sell the immovable property pledged, in default of payment, or by the consent of the contracting party.
The code of Louisiana is borrowed from this article. Under this article, the French courts have proceeded, and have held that a creditor cannot sell the pledged article with the consent of the debtor. 12 Seiiey, 20; 13 Seirey, 233; 7 Seirey, 872. Cited 1 Martin's Rep., New Series, 417; 2 Ibid. 22, -24,17; 3 Ibid. 17, 168; Potheir on Pledges; Potheir on Mortgages, chap.4, tit. Security.
The Court will apply the law, which is thus established, to the case before them. -The appellant asks a restoration of the property on the restoration of the sum loaned, and the interest, including all costs and expenses. This is reasonable. It, has been shown that this may be, and has been done after one hundred years; and in the case before the Court, little beyond ten years had passed, before the claim, which is now before the Court, was made. By the decree which the Court are asked to give, the defendant will sustain no injustice. The appellant, as was said in the argument in chief, does not place the claim on the law of usury. He asks, that all the interest he agreed to pay, shall be allowed to the defendant; and this being allowed, and all the capital advanced repaid, the property, is asked for; or that a sale of the same shall be made, and the residue of the proceeds paid over, after all that the defendant is entitled to shall have been fully reimbursed to him.
Mr. Justice WkwE delivered the opinion of the Court The legal question to be decided in this case, depbnds altogether upon the facts disclosed in the bill, answers, and documentary evidence on the record. The complainant charges, that some time previous to the 25th July, 1822, being in want of money, he applied to the defendant, and John A. Fort, for a loan, offiering as security, a lot on the batture of the suburb St. Mary, between Common and Gravier streets, in New Orleans, on which a building intended for stores, had been
VOL. Yl.--3 B

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston v. Story.]
begun; that the defendant and Fort, had agreed to lend him twentytwo thousand nine hundred and thirty-six dollars, of which a part only, was paid in cash, part in a note of John A. Fort, and eight thousand dollars of which, was, afterwards, agreed between himself, the-defendant, and Fort, to be paid by Story and Fort, to one John Rust, a mechanic; who had coritracted with complainant, to complete the stores; that to secure the payment of the money borrowed, complainant- conveyed to Fort and Story the lot of ground mentioned; and that contemporaneously with the deed of sale, they executed on their part, an instrument in writing, called a counter-letter, by which they promised, on the payment of twenty-five thousand dollars, on or before the 1st day of February, 1823, to reconvey to the complainant the property which he had conveyed to them. i The complainant further charges, that of the sum of twenty-five thousand dollars, to be paid by him on the 1st of February a part of it was made up by a charge of interest, at IS per cent. per annum upon the amount of twenty-two thousand nine hundred and thirty-six dollars) actually advanced to him, and on his account to Rust, by Fort and Story. The complainant also' transferred his written contract with Rust, to the defendant and Fort, rendering himself responsible for the proper employment of the eight thousand dollars by Rust, and which was to be paid Rust in weekly payments, by the defendant' and Fort. Rust, on his part, consented to the transfer of his contract, and accdpts Fort and Story in the place of complainant. The stores were to be completed by Rust, by the first of November, 1822, in a workmanlike manner, and all the materials, except those already provided, were to be found by Rust; and -in his contract, he renounces all claim or prix.lege upon the building, beyond the eight thousand dollars which was to be paid him by Fort and Story, for the complainant. For the deed of sale from Livingston to Fort and Storythe counter-letter to Livingston-Rust's contract, and the transfer of it-all of the same date, see documents, A B, C, ante, page 354. The complainant further charges, that soon after the transaction, he left New Orleans, and that when he returned to it, he found that Fort and Story had paid to Rust eight thousand dollars on his account; but that little or nothing had been done towards the completion of the stores; so that if the property had been sold on the 1st of February, according to the terms of the-counter-letter, it would not have produced any thing like its full value. That under these circumstances, he applied to Fort and Story for further time to make the

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Livingston v. Story.]
payment of the sum loaned, which they would not consent to, but on the following onditions: that the property should be advertised for sale on the 2d of June, 1823; that the sum due them should be increased from twenty-five thousand dollars to twenty-seven thousand five hundred- dollars; which was so increased, by the addiiohi of fifteen hundred dollars as interest, at eighteen per cent for four months, eight hundred dollars for auctioneers' commissiohs, fifty dollars for advertising, and one hundred and fifty dollars, arbitrarily .added by the said Fort and Story. The complainant states, that being entirely at the mercy of Fort and Story, he consented to those terms, and executed a paper accordingly; ante, page 356. On the 2d June, the complainant being still unable to repay the actual sum advanced to him, and the additions made by the charge of interest at eighteen per cent. &c. &c., he applied to Fort and Story for a further extension of the time of sale, which they consented to for two months longer, to the 5th of August, by which his debt to them was
augmented to twenty-seven thousand eight hundred and thirty dollars seventy-six cents; he agreeing in writing, that if, on the last mentioned day, he should fail to pay twenty-seven thousand eight hundred dollars, seventy-six cents, then the lot and all the buildings thereon were to becbime the full and absolute property of Fort and Story; ante, page 356. The day came, and the complainant did not pay. The defendant had him protested, as he had before done on the 4th of February, for his noncompliance with .his agreement to pay the sum of twenty-frye thousand dollars: and on that of the 5th of August, for his noncompliance with his agreement to pay twentyseven thousand eight hundred and thirty dollars, seventy-six cents; and for all damages, costs and charges, and interest, suffered or to be suffered by the said Fort and Story. The defendant and Fort after this, continued in possession of the lot and buildings, until the death of Fort, which took place in 1828; and after th&death of Fort, the defendant Story retained or tdok possession of the property by an arrangement with the heirs of Fort. It is to be remembered that' the possession of the property wag given by Livingston to Fort and Story, on the 22d of July, 1822, when the deed of sale and counter-, letter were executed.
Here it is proper, for a full understanding of the transaction between these parties, to set out, what were the rights of Livingston, and obligations of Fort and Story to Livingston, growing out of the " counter-letter,'and continued by them on the subsequent agrdement,

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston v. Story.]
until that of the 2d of June; when it was stipulated by Livingston, that if he failed to pay on the 5th of August, the property was to become absolute in them.
The counter-letter, after reciting that Livingston had sold and conveyed to them the lot, buildings and improvements, for the sum of twenty-five thousand dollars in cash, declares it to be the true intent and meaning of the parties to said deed of sale, that if Livingston shall pay and reimburse to Fort and Story, twenty-five thousand dollars, or, or before the 1st of February, 1823, then Fort and Story stipulate and bind themselves to reconvey the property to Livingston. And in case of nonpayment, at the stipulated time, then Fort and Story "covenant and agree to cause the saidproperty to be sold at public auction, by one of the licensed auctioneersof this city, after twenty days' public notice, on the following terms, to wit, twenty-five thousand dollars in cash, and the residue in equalpayments, at one and two years; thepurchasersgiving satisfactory endorsed notes, and specialmortgage on the property until finalpayment. The residue, after deducting the costs attending the sale, to be delivered over to the said Edward Livingston.
When the first extension of the time of payment was given, we find, substantially, the clause of the kind just recited. It will be Well to give it in terms.
Agreement between Edward Livingston and John A. Fort and Benjamin Story:
1st. The sale of lot No. 1,. on the batture, with the buildings thereon, to be postponed until the 2d of June next
2d. On that day it shall be sold by M'Coy & Co., unless sooner redeemed, after being advertised in the Courier de la Louisiane, in ,French, and the Orleans Gazette, in English, from the 1st day of May previous to sale.
3d. The conditions of the sale shall be 27,350 dollars cash, and the residue at one and two years, with special mortgage: but in this sum is included 850 dollars,at which the auctioneers' commission and chargesof advertisement are calculated,which are to be deducted or reduced to what they shallreally amount to, if payment be made before the 1st ofJune.
4th. The overplus, after dedueting the cashpayment, is to be delivered to Edward Livingston.
5th. The counter-letter, executed by Messrs. Fort and Story,

JANUARY- TERM, 1837.
[Livingston v. Story.]
shall be deliveredup, and the registry thereof annulledimmediately after the signature of this agreement, made by duplicate, &c.
The defendant begins his answer by denying the right of the complainant to sue in the district court of the United States for the eastern district of Louisiana, on account of both being citizens of the same state; equivalent to a denial of the jurisdiction of the court over the case.
He then denies, positively and repeatedly, that Fort and himself, either jointly or separately, ever agreed to lend the complainant 22,936 dollars. So far from any loan having been intended by the parties, he says, the negotiation for the sale of the lots began between Fort and Nathan Morse, (the latter of whom he states as having acted for the complainant;) and that one of them informed himthat the complainant wished to raise money on mortgage; that he peremptorily refused to advance any money to the complainant on mortgage. That this refusal was afterwards made by him to the defendant himself; and for a confirmation ofhis refusal and understanding of the parties, he refers to two notes of Morse, as a part of his answer, both of them addressed to Fort; the first dated the 13th of July, and the other on the day the conveyance of the lot was made to himself and Fort, by Livingston. Ante, page 360. He then state the sale of the lot to himself and Fort; refers io the deed of sale; and, generally, declares himself a1id Fort have paid more than the price agreed on for the property so purchased. 'He then admits the execution, by himself -and Fort, on the day oa the sale, of an instrument in writing giving to Livingstbn the poweto redeem; whereby, upon the payment of 25,000 dollars, on or before the 1st of February, they were to reconvey the property to Livingston; and if he fail-d t6 pay, that Fort and Story were to sell the property so acquired and purchased, and if it brought more than 25,000 dollars, that they would give the surplus to the comiplainant. The answer then contains the failure of Livingston to pay; the extension of time to him by another agreement, to the 2d of June, on which they agreed to postpone the sale; and that Livingston was to give them a compensation for the additional chance which the tinie allowed gave him to repurchase the lot. Upon this agreement the defendant relies to prove an absolute bill of sale of th,,property to himself and Fort at the time of its execution; because the fifth and last clause of it annulled the counter-letter. The defendant recites the second failure of Livingston-lo pay; the fur-

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston v. Story.] ther extension of time to him to the 5th of August, and Livingston's stipulation, ante, page 356, by which, on Livingston's failure to pay 27,830 dollars 76 cents, and any further sum that Fort and Story may be uider the necessity of paying for the care and preservation of the property; the lot and buildings were to become the full and absolute property"of Fort and Story; and Livingston's obligation to surrenderand cancelall and every writing or other document in relation to the property, that may give him any equity of redemption, or other rightin thepremises; it being the true intent and meaningof the parties,that in case of failureof payment, that the lot and buildings,and appurtenances,are to vest in Fort and Story a full title in fee simple, forever. The defendant insists that Livingston was the guarantee of Rust, for the application of the 8000 dollars to the completion of the buildings. He then relies upon the ninety-third and ninety-fourth articles of "the Civil Code of Louisiana, then in force in the state; to give himself and Fort an absolute and irrevocable title to the property, on Livingston's failure to pay on the 5th of August. The articles relied on are: "The time fixed for redemption must be rigorously adhered to, it cannot be prolonged by the judge;" and "if that right has not been exercised within the time agreed on by the vendor, he cannot exercise it afterwards; and the purchaser becomes irrevocably possessor of the thing sold." He reiterates his denial of any loan, or that time was given to Livingston to repay a loan: but that the extension of time was to enable Livingston to repurchase, or to effect the sale of the property; and, that the increase of the sum from 25,000 dollars to 27,830 dollars 76 ,cents, was the sum demanded by them as the consideration of their waiver of their right to have the sale made at the time the money was payable. The defendant denies the deduction of interest at eighteen per cent. per annum, or any other.
To the second interrogatory in the&bill, he answers, tfiat, at the time of the purchase, he paid Lifvingston in a check on the United States Bank, twelve thousand hnd six dollars fifty-seven cents, in a note of John A. Fort, in favour of defendant, due and paid November 25th; 1822, two thousand seven hundred and sixty-four dollars eighty-three cents; and to Nathan Morse, Esquire, the attorney of ,Edward Livingston, one thousandAollars; which sum, Morse stated to Story, he considered ought to have been paid him by Livingston,for effecting a sale of the property. To the fourth interroga-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

[Livingston v. Story.]

tory; which is, if Fort and Story did not consent to postpone the

sale of the property to the second of June, and did not exact, as a

condition of such postponement, that the counter-letter should be

cancelled, and that the complainant should pay -the sum of two thou-

sand ,five hundred dollars, in addition to the twenty-five thousand

dollars: and whether the sum of two thousand five hundred dollars

was not made up of interest, charged for four months, at 18 per

cent. per annum, of eight hundred dollars auctioneers' commission,

fifty dollars for advertising, and an arbitrary sum of one hundred and

fifty dollars, the defendant answers, that Fort and himself did con-

sent to postpone the sale: but that he does not know, except from

the act, how the additional sum stipulated to be paid by them was

composed; nor does he recollect any memorandum containing the

-items of the additional sum.

In an exhibit by the defendant, we, however, have a more pre-

cise statement of the sum paid to Livingston.

July 26th, 1822, cash paid E. L. - - $12,006 57

27th " J. A. Fort's note, payable

25th Nov. - - - 2,764 83

Sept. 10th, cash paid John Rust at sundry

times

-

-

-

8,000 00

Interest

-

-

-

2,228 60-$25,000

Thus, substantially confirming the allegation of the complainant,

that the sum of twenty-five thousand dollars expressed on the deed

of sale, as the consideration for the purchase, was made up in part of

an amount of interest upon that sum, deducted by Fort and Story,

contemporaneously with the execirtion of the deed of sale, and

counter-letter. There is this difference too between the answer of

the defendant and the exhibit, that it appears, from the latter, the

sum of one thousand dollars paid to Morse, which the defendant, in

his answer, alleges to have been paid by him as a part of the con-

sideration for the lot, or on account of Livingston; was not paid to

Morse until the 12th of February, 1824; more than six months after

the time when the defendant considered himself and Fort, to have

acquired a full and absolute title to the property, from the failure of

Livingston to pay on the 5th of August preceding. Upon this item

of money paid to Morse, we remark, that the letters of Morse, ante,

page 360, do not prove Morse to have been the agent of Livingston

in negotiating the transaction between the parties; but rattier that he

was, if not altogether the agent of Fort and Story, the agent of both

-SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston v. Story.]
the parties: and that the defendant, without consulting Livingston, graduated the compensation of Morse by his own ideas of the service rendered by him; and chose to pay Morse one thousand dollars, after he considered Livingston had forfeited his right to redeem the property. The answer and exhibit are contradictory upon -this point; but the latter being more detailed and certain, it forces, the conclusion to which we have come as regards that item. We must remark, too, that the answer and exhibit are also contradictory in a more essential particular, as regards the interest alleged to have been deducted from the twenty-five thousand dollars;at the time the deed of sale was executed; the exhibit stating the fact of interest being then deducted, and the answer denying that 18 per cent. interest was deducted,or any other.
Soon after the transaction of the 25th of July, 1822, the complainant left New Orleans, and did not return to it until after the time within which Rust was to have had the buildings completed. They were not finished, however; and this incidefit deserves a passing notice. The defendant and Fort had required- an assignment of Rust's contract to them; indeed it is of the same date with the deed of sale and counter-letter, and seems to hay. been made by Livingston and Rust for them. It was transferred with Rust's consent, they undertaking to make weekly payments to him of 666 dollars during the progress of the work, to the amount of 8000 dollars; and Livingston rendering himself responsible for the proper employment of the money by Rust. In a short time, however, the defendant admits that he discovered Rust misapplying the money to some other contract; and that, upon remonstrating with him against such conduct, Rust persisted in a declaration of his intention to expend the money otherwise than in the execution of his contract. Under these circumstances, what should the defendant and Fort have done? We think, good fAith with Livingston, as they had mde themselves his agent to disburse 8000 dollars for a particular object, to which'they had become parties by the transfer of the contract, required from them in Livingston's absence, to have stopped further payments to Rust, notwithstanding Livingston's responsibility for the proper employment oT the money: for Rust's obligation to them under the transferred contract, was to have the stores finished by the 1st of November; and as they held the funds to ble applied to that object, they should have withheld them from Rust, when he declared his intention not to do so, and had ceased to work upon the

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Livingston v. Story.] buildings. Rust's conduct was as much a breach of his contract with them as it was with Livingston; and they should have piotected themselves and Livingston, which they could easily have done. histead of this being done, the defendant admits he continued the weekly payments to Rust after he- had discovered the misapplication of the money; ,and that but one thousand dollars of the eight thousand dollars were applied to the buildings., They neither protected themselves, nor Livingston: and it cannot be disguised that the misapplication of the money was much more fatal to Livingston than themselves; for the buildings being unfinished in November, Livingston was deprived of any further resources from them to aid him in redeeming the property on the 1st of February, by paying the money advanced by them. This incident gave Livingston a strong claim upon the defendant for an extension of time; and we cannot but remark, that it has a bearing in favour of the allegation of the complainant, that by the contract of Jdly, 1825, an absolute sale Was not intended. Is it reasonable to suppose that the defendant and Fort, if an absolute sale had been intended, would have calmly seen the misapplication of eight thousand dollars from -whatthey-deem their property, and taken Livingston as a security, upon his general responsibility for Rust; when the defendant himself declares he would not have loaned Livingston money on any account? The consequence of this misapplication of seven thousand dollars by Rust, was to take so much from Livingston's ability to redeem the property. The complainant, however, does not pray to be discharged from this sum, on a settlement of the transaction with the defendant; and, therefore, the payment to Rust, of eight thousand dollars, must be allowed to be a charge against Livingston.
We do not deem it necessary to make a further synopsis of the bill and answer. . They are contradictory in several points: but a careful examination of them, and of the, documents and exhibits attached to the answer, has enabled us to fix the legal character of the transaction, throughout, under the laws of Louisiana; whatever, may have been the designs of the parties'upon each other, or their individual intentions, when the contract was made, on the 25th of July, 1822. The law of Louisiana controls the controversy between these parties: and the first, indeed, only question, to-be determined, is, what was the legal character of the contract between them, from the execution of the first papers to the last, on the 2d of June, 1823?
VOL. XI.-3 C

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston v. Story.]
The defendant's counsel do not contend that it was an absolute sale. The -defendant's apswer shows it was not. He admits Livingston's power to redeem, and their obligation to reconvey, as expressed in the counter-letter. For although the conveyance of the 25th of July, 1822, is, in form, a positive sale, yet, the counterletter explains its nature as fully as if it were inserted in that conveyance. Executed, as it was at the same ti'me, it is a part of the contract; a separate clause, modifying and explaining the other clause, states the deed of sale. The two must be construed together. The Civil Code of Louisiana says, 4 all clauses of agreements are interpreted 'the one by the other, giving to each the sense which results from the entire act;" Civil Code, 1808, p. 270, see. 5, art 61. It can make no difference whether these clauses be on one piece of paper, or on two pieces; whether there be two separate instruments, or one instrument containing the substance of the two. The Civil Code of Louisiana does not require that the stipulation of parties, relative to a sale of property, should be in one instrument. They are to be reduced to writing, and the Darts necessarily make up the entire contract; in this regard, corresponding with the sale in equity, which makes a defeasance attach itself to a conveyance, absolute in the first instance, converting the latter into a mortgage, as it is expressed by chancellor Kent, in Com. 4 Vol. p. 135, treating of mortgages. "The condition upon which the land is conveyed is usually inserted in the deed of conveyance, but the de, feasance may be contained in a separate instrument; and if the deed be absolute in the first instance, and the defeasance be executed subsequently, it will relate back to the date-of the principal deed, and connect itself with it, so as to render it a security, in the nature of a
mortgage." We do not mean to be understood as applying this rule to make,
under the laws of Louisiana, a constructive mortgage out of an absolute conveyance or deed of sale, on account of some other papei explaining or controlling the first; but have used it only as an illustration, that by the law of Louisiana, a contract of sale, and a power redeem, need not be in one instrument.
The contract of the 25th of July, 1822, not being an absolute sale then, what is it? It is either a conditional sale, vente a r6m~r6, (sale with the right of redemption,) a mortgage, or a pledge. Thb defendant's counsel say it is the first, a conditional sale, vente a r6m6r6. We will use their language. They say it is a contract of sale, not a

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Livingston v. Story.)
pure and simple sale, but a sale with conditions, and i right or power of redemption annexed, vente a r6m6r6; that the right and power of redemption stipulated for in this case, is in exact conformity with the provisions of the same code of 1808, in form and substance, and identifies it still further as a sale, vente a r~m~r6. That is defined to be "an agreement or paction, by which the vendor reserves to himself the power of taking back the thing sold, by returning the price paid for it;" Civil Code, 245; 'and the provision of the code regulating the right of redemption, or that " the time fixed for redemption must be rigorously adhered to, it cannot be prolonged by the judge;" and "if that right has not been exercised within the time agreed on by the vendor, he cannot exercise it afterwards, and the purchaserbecomes irrevocablypossessed of the thingsold;" just as at common law and in equity, in the case of an absolute sale with an agreement for a repurchasp, the time limited for the repurchase must be precisely observed, or the vendor's right to reclaim his property will be lost. 1 Poth. on Sale, 183; 1 Vesey, 405.
But in this instance there was no sale corresponding to the vente a r~m6r6, unless other provisions in the counter-letter than Livingston's right to redeem, shall be altogether disregarded. By the counter-letter, Fort and Story covenant with Livingston upon his failure to pay, that the property shall be sold at auction, and that the residue of what it might bring over the sum which they claimed, should be paid to Livingston. Upon failure to p&y, the land and buildings did not become the property of Fort and Story. The failure to pay only gave to them the right to have it sold; according to the terms prescribed, for theiL own reimbursement. Had the contract been a vente a r~m6r6, the land would have become their absolute property; for the code is, "if the right to redeem has not been exercised within the time agreed on by the vendor, he cannot .exercise it afterwards, and the purchaser becomes irrevocably possessed of the thing sold."
The exclusion of- that irrevocablA possession by Fort and Story in the counter-letter, upon Livingston's failure to pay, destroys so principal and effective a provision of the vente a r6m~r6, that *the law will not permit us to consider the contract to have been one bf that kind.
The question then recurs, what was the nature of the contract of the 25th July, 1822? It is not a mortgage, because no property on the soil, nor right of possession, is given by the contract of mort-

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston v. Story.]
gage by the lam of Louisiana. By that law, a mortgage is defined to be "a contract, by which a person affects the whole of his property, or only some part of it, in favour of another, for security of an engagement; but without divesting himself of the possession thereof." In this instance possession accompanied the execution of the deed, and has continued in the 'defendant. It was a part of the contract, and a feature of it entirely inconsis~nt with a mortgage under the laws of Louisiana. The contract thet, being neither a sale upon condition with a power to redeem annexed, a vente a r6m6r6; we must seek further in the laws of Louisiana, to establish its legal character. After much inquiry and deliberation, and a comparison of the Civil Code of Louisiana with the civil law from which the former derives its origin, and with which it is still in close connection; we have come to the conclusion, that the original contract and counter-letter constituted a pledge of real property; a kind of contract, especially provided for by the laws of Louisiana, denominated "an antichresis." By this kind of contract, the possession of the property is transferred to the person advancing the money. That was done in this case. In case of failure to pay, the property is to be sold by judicial sentence; and the sum which it may bring over the amount for which it was pledged, is to be paid to the person nmaking the pledge. In this case, a provision was made 'for a sale by the parties upon the failure of payment; but this feature of. the contract is rather confirmatory of the contract and counter-letter, being an antichresis, than otherwise; for it is, at most, only a substitution by the parties of what the laws of Louisiana requires; and what we think the law requires to be done by itself, through the functionaries who are appointed to administer the law. But upon this point, let the"1av spea for itself. The Civil Code of Louisiana says, "the pledge is a contract, -by which the debtor gives something to his creditor as a security for-his debt." Tit. 20, art. 3100,
'. There are two kinds of pledges; the pawn, and antichresis." "A. thing is said to be pawned, when a movable thing is given as security.  The antidresis is, when the security given consists in immovables." Tit. 20, art. 3102. ' The antichresis shall be reduced to writing. The creditor ac-
quires by this contract, the right of reaping the fruits or other revenues of the immovables to him given in pledge, on condition *of deducting annually their pyocceds from the interest, if any be due to him, and afterwards from the principal of his debt." Art. 3143.

TANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Livingston v. Story.]
"The creditor ig bound, unless the contrary is agreed on, to pay the taxes as well as the annual charges of the property given to him in pledge. He is likewise bound under the penalty of damages to provide for the keeping, and useful, and necessary repairs of the pledged estate, and maylevy out of the revenues of the estate sufficient for such expense." Art. 3144.
"The creditor does not become proprietor of the pled ged immovables by failure of the payment at the stated time: any clause to the contrary is null: and in this case it is only lawful for him to sue his debtor before the court, in order to obtain a sentence against him, and to cause the objects which have been put in his hands to ibe sezed and sold." Art. 3146.
"The debtor cannot, before the full payment of the debt, claim the enjoyment of the immovables which he has given in pledge. But the creditor, who wishes to free himself from the obligations mentioned in the preceding articles, may always, unless he has renounced this right, compelthe debtor to retake the enjoyment of his immovables. Art. 3145. These appear to us to be equitable provisions, affording ample security to the creditor, and fully protecting the-rights of the debtor. Especially protecting the latter from a rapacious creditor, who might otherwise push his debtor's necessities into a relinquishmhent of all his rights in such a contractLto make himself the proprietor of the thing pledged, upon the failure of the debtor to pay. This is a high species of security, over which the law watches benignantly; because., though one of choice and convenience, very
frequently; it is commonly the resort of distress in the last alternative, when all other means of raising money have failed. It was this high species of security, that Fort and Story received from Livingston; or their contract cannot be-comprehended within any of the provisions of the Civil Code of Louisiana. If any thing else, it is a'contract unknown to the laws of that state. We class it with the antichresis: not because the instrument between the parties provides specifically in every particular for the rights and obligations of parties to the antichresis; but because it does so, in the main and substantial requisites of such a contract, and from those main and sub., stantial particulars in this contratt, being irreducible to any other kind of contract provided for by the laws of Louisiana. The pro-
perty was put into the possession of Fort and Story; they looked to it to reimburse them upon the failure of 'Livingston to pay; -upon that failure it did not, from the terms of thd counter-letter, become

SUPREME COURT
[Livingston'v. Story.]
theirs absolutely; as we see would have been the case if it had-been a vente a r6m6r6. It was to be sold at public auction; and if a sale should be made for more than they had advanced, the residue was to be paid to Livingston. But no such sale could be made without a judicial sentence; such a decree was not obtained; no sale was made; so .the parties stood under the contract on the 1st of February, when Livingston first failed to pay, as ihey did when it was first entered into. It is therefore plain, that Fort and'Story acquired no absolute property in the lot and buildings, under the contract of the 25th of July, 1822; and if they did not, it was only a pledge or antichresis for their ultimate reimbursement..
We now proceed to inquire whether the antichresis was converted into a sale, by the annulment of the counter-letter after the 1st of February, 1823, under the agreement of the 4th of March. It appears by the-document, ante, page 356, that the complainant did, on the last mentioned day, execute a paper annulling the counter-letter of the 25th July. But supposing the first to have been so annulled; was not the second in effect and in terms,.another instrument of the same kind, only extending the time for redemption upon consideration of Livingston's paying a larger sum than. the twenty-five thousand dollars originally expressed in the first deed of sale; and providing still for a sale in the event of Livingston failing to jay a second time, and giving to him the residue, if any should remain, after they were reimbursed. Consequently, until the 2d of June, the pledge continued. Livingston, under the agreement of the 4th March, could, by paying the money at any time on or before the 2d of June, have prevented the sale; and if a sale was made, he was entitled to the overplus.
The defendant, in his answer, says, that he and Fort agreed with Livingston to postpone the sale until the 2d of June, for which Livingston agreed to pay them. a compensation, &c. &c.; that he had until the 2d of June to redeem, but did not do so; that then the property was to have been sold, &c. &c. Thus showing, that the property in his possession continued to be a pledge; and in case of Livingston's not paying, that a sale was to be made, notwithstanding the annulment of the counter-letter. But for what purpose was the counter-letter annulled? Clearly, because an increased sum was to be paid to Fort and Story by the second agreement; and not because it was the intention of the parties to alter, substantially, their respective rights in the property. The counter-letter, the agreement to sell at

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

391

[Livingston v. Story.] a fixed day, and after reimbursing the defendant and Fort, to deliver the surplus proceeds of the sale to Livingston; thc prolbagen agreement to sell after annulling the first counter-letter, withpt any renunciation of Livingston's right to the overplus, as set forth in defendant's answer; prove conclusively, to us, that Story regarded the contract to be, what is really made by the law of Louisiana, a con.tract of pledge; a security for money advanced upon property. We think it was in its inception an antichresis; and that it continued so until the 2d of June, 1823. Did it after that time retain its original character?
The agreement of the 2d of June recites, " that it being the day fixed upon by the contract between Livingston, and Fort and Story, for the sale t auction of the lot, &c. &c.; and Livingston having requested that the sale might not take place for his own accorijmodation; on condition that Fort and Story would assent to that request, Livingston agreed to increase the sum due to them to twenty-seven thousand eight hundred and thirty dollars, (which they deem the
whole of the consideration money paid by them for said lot,) and to pay the saiie on the 5th of August, then- next, and any further sum that they may be under the necessity of paying for the care or preservation of the property; in" which case the property should revert to Livingston. But if he should fail to make such payment on the 5th of August, the said lot shoild become the absolute property of Fort and Story; it being declared to be the true intent of ihe parties, in case of failure of payment, that the said lot, with all the buildings thereon, are to vest in Fort and Story, a full, free and absolute.title, in fee simple, for ever."
Such an instrument as this would have the effect to vest in Fort and Story an absolute title in the pronerty, if it were not positively controlled by the law of Louisiana. We must administer the law as it is; and having established that the original transaction was an antichresis, and cofitinued so up to the 2d ot 'June, it was not in the power of the parties to give to it such a character, as to vest oy the act of Livingston an absolute title-in Fort and1 Story. " In the language of the Code, 1808, tit. Pledge, art. 28, already cited, the creditor does not become proprietor of the pledged immovables, by failure of payment at the stated time, any clause to tIe .contrary is .nul:" "and in this case it is only lawful for him to sue his debtor, before the court, in order to obtain a sentence against him, and to cause the objects which have been put laro lUG hands, in pledge, to be seized

SUPREME -COURT.
[Livingston v. Story.] and sold." If such a clause had been inserted in the original agreement, it would have been void. Can it be more valid, because subsequently introduced in a paper having a direct relation to the first contract; and which was intended to alter its character into something which the law prohibits, when it determines the original contract to be one of pledge? We think not. Such an allowance to a creditor would be a precedent, giving to all creditors in cases of pledges the power to defeat the benevolent vigilance of the law, preventing them from becoming proprietors of the debtor's property, unless by a decree of the court. We think it immaterial whether such covenant be in the'original agreement, or in a subsequent instrument. In either case the law is express; the creditor does not become the proprietor by the failure of the debtor to pay; any clause to the contrary is null.
It would be difficult to find a case more clc rly illustrating the wisdom of this rule, than that under our conside:ation. Story and Fort advanced to Livingston twenty-two thousand nine hundred andi thirty-six dollars, and took possession of the lot; looking to Livingston, in the first instance, for reimbursement, and, on his failure to pay, to a sale of the lot. Livingston being unable to pay at the time fixed, applied for an extension of time; it is granted, but only upon condition of an addition of twenty-five hundred dollars to his debt, for a delay of four months: thus creating a debt of twenty-seven thousand five hundred dollars, in ten months, upon an advance of twenty-two thousand seven hundred and seventy-one dollars. forty cents. This increase, the exhibit attached to the defendart's answer proves was not on account of expenditures upon, or in 'the care of the property; for that account shows the disbursements of the defendant, in the care of the property, up to the 5th of August, 1823, did not amount to four hundred dollars. When the 2d of June came, Livingston was still unable to pay, and asked for a further extension of time; it was granted; but by another addition to the debt, or to the amount for which the property was already encumbered; -ind only upon condition that upon a third failure, the property was tL vest absolute in Fort and Story. This final result is what the law of Louisiana intended to prevent in cases of pledge; and we know not a case to which it can be more fairly applied.
In the enforcement ot the law, in this case, we are pleased to find authorities for doing so in the courts of Louisiana. We refer to the 'cases of Williams et al. v. Schooner St. Stephens, 1 Mart. Rep. N. S.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

393

[Livin~gton v. Story.]
417; to the case of Syndics of Bermudez v. Hanez & Milne, 3 Mart. Rep. 17, and 168.
In regard to the plea of prescription urged in the defendant's answer, we think it inapplicabli to a case of pledge; and if it be so, then that plea cannot prevail in this case, because the time had not elapsed, which the law of Louisiana gives to a person to sue for immovable property.
It now only remains for us to dispose of the defendant's protest, in the beginning of his answer, against the jurisdiction of the Court in this case. The 23d rule of this Court, for the regulation of equity practice in the circuit courts, has been relied on to show that it is competent for the defendant, instead of filing a formal demurrer, or plea, to insist on any special matter in his answer; and have the same benefit thereof as if he had pleaded the same matter, or hiad demurred to the bill. This rule is understoQd by us to apply to matters applicable to the merits, and not to mere pleas to the jurisdiction, and especially to those founided on any personal disability, or person,-l character of the party suing, or to any pleas merely in abatement. In this respect, it is merely affirmative of the general rule of the court of chancery; in which matters in abatement and to the jurisdiction, being preliminary in their nature, must be taken advantage of by plea; and cannot be taken advantage of in a general answer, which necessarily admits the right and capacity of the party to sue. 1 Sumner's Rep. 506, Wood v. Mann.
In this case, the judgment of the court below is reversed, and a decree will be entered accordingly.

Mr.Justice BA DWIN, dissenting. When this case was before the Court at a former term, I dissented. from the judgment then rendered, being of opinion that the case ought to be decided by the law of Louisiana, not the code of equity adopted from the" English system into the jurisprudence of the United States, as the Court then decided. As the civil law was admitted to have been in force in that province, before its cession to the United States, and remained afterwards the basis of the jurisprudence of the state, with only such modifications as were made by their local laws; I felt itto be the duty of this Court to administer it as it does the law of other states, "precisely as the state courts should do." 2 Pet. 656; 5 Pet. 400. It is admitted that in the code of the civil law, there is no discrimina-
VOL. XI.-3 D

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston v. Story.]
tion between the law and equity jurisdiction of its courts, either in the principles, or mode of proceeding; the process and rules of judgment are the same, without regard to the nature of the right asserted, or the remedy sought. This contradistinction exists only in the jurisprudence of England, and the states which have adopted it; nor can it exist elsewhere, unless the common law prevails. The jurisdiction of courts of equity, separately from those of common law, is a necessary part of the common law; though the forms of proceeding are borrdwed from the civil law, yet the principles and rules of decision are those of the law of England, by which the judge is as much bound as in a court of law. By the adoption of its forms, an English court of chancery no more adopts the civil law, as a code or system of jurisprudence, superseding the common law, than it does the decrees of the emperor in place of acts of parliament. Both systems remain as distinct, as if the modes of proceeding differed as much as the two systems; and though.the civil law forms are better adapted to equity proceedings than those of the common law, there is another incompatibility between the two systems. The separation of cases in law from those in equity, is a necessary incident of the common law; one part of the system cannot be engrafted on the civil law without the other: of consequence the introduction of the equity part of the common law into a state which has adopted the civil law, necessarily displaces it; and introduces a, system of jurisprudence wholly at variance therewith.
This conclusion is the result of the opinion and reasoning of the Court, which is applied to all civil causesin the courts of the United States, in that state: 9 Pet. 656, 7: for if the English system of equity is in force, because there is no court of equity; the whole common law is also in force, because there is no court of law, contradistinguished from equity; on this ground alone, my objections t the former decision were insuperable. By the third article of the Louisiana treaty, the inhabitants are guarantied " in the free enjoyment ot iajir liberty, property, and the religion which they profess." 1 Laws U. '2 36. "That the perfect inviolability and security of property is amo g these rights, all will assert and maintain. 9 Pet. 133. "An article to secure this object, so deservedly held sacred in the view of policy, as well as of justice and humanity, is always required, and is never refused." 12 Wheat. 535; 6 Pet. 712; 8 Pet. 86, 8. " According to the established principles of the laws of nations, the laws of a conquered or ceded country, remaiii in force

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

395

[Livingston v. Story.] till altered by the new sovereign." 9 Pet. 747. This principle was recognised by congres' by the I1th section of the act of 1804, organizing the government of Louisiana; the 4th section of the act of 2d March; and the 9th section of the act of 3d March, 1805. "The laws in force in the said territory, at the commencement of this act, and not inconsistent with the provisions thereof, shall continue in force until altered, modified, or repealed by the legislature." 2 Story, 937, 964, 973. Congress extended none of the provisions of the judiciary or process acts to Louisiana; and iuistead of reserving to themselves the power of altering the local laws hy those acts, expressly declared that power to be in the local legislature. These were solemn pledges, which the legislative power of the United States had never attempted to violate; or in my opinion could violate, witnout disregarding the faith of the treaty: to my mind a guaranty of property is inconsistent with the abrogation of the laws under which property is acquired, held and regulated, and the consequent substitutioh of a code, to which the people were utter strangeru. Satisfied that if there could be a power to change the laws of a ceded country, it was in the legislative, and not the judicial department of the government; I considered these provisions of the acts of congress to be as imperative on this Court, as any other laws were, or could be.
A reference to the terms of the-process act of 1792, will show that it could not apply to a state idf which the civil law prevailed; -for it directs the modes of proceeding "in suits at common law," and "in those of equity, and maritime, and admiralty jurisdiction, according to the rules" &c. which belong to courts of equity, and to courts of admiralty, as contradistinguished from courts of common law; 1 Story, 258. These terms necessarily exclude its application to a system, in which there was no such contradistinction; but in
the act of 1824, the term is peculiarly appropriate -to the law of Louisiana. "That the mode of proceeding in all civil causes, &c.'" 3 Story, 1971. The reason was obvious; there was but one mode of suing, whatever may be the cause of action. Congress thus declared, that the laws of the state regulating the practice of their-courts, shall be the rule in the courts of the United States therein; so it had been for twenty years, and the state practice was confirmed, subject to such rules as the district judge might make. So it was construed and declared by this Court in 1830. "If no such rule had been adopted, the act of congress made the practice of the state the rule for the

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston v. Story.] Court of the United States. Unless then, such a special rule existed, the Court was bound to follow the general enactment of congress on the subject, and pursue the state practice." 3 Pet. 445. Parsons v. Bedford, 3 Pe . 424, S. P; Parsons v. Armor et al. In Duncan v. The United States, the Court, after reciting the act of 1824, are still more expliciL "This section was a virtual repeal within the state of Louisiana, of all previous acts of congress which regulated the practice of the courts of the United States, and which come within its province. It adopted the practice of the state courts of Louisiana, subject to such alterations a the district judge might deem necessary to conform to the organization of the district court, aid avoid any discrepancy with the laws of the Union." 7 Pet. 450. "As the act of 1824 adopted the practice of the state courts; before this Court could sanction a disregard of such practice 'must appear that by an exercise of the power of the district court, or by some other means, the practice had been altered. On a question of practice under the circumstances of the case, it would seem that the decision of the district court as above made, should.be conclusive. How can the practice of the Court be better known or established, than by its own solemn adjudication on the subject?" Ib. 451, 2.
The act of 1828, is still more conclusive, when taken in connection with the decision of this Court on the process act of 1792.
"In order to understand the bearing which the instructi6n moved for, has upon the cause, it is necessary to remark, that the state of Ohio was not admitted into the Union till 1802; so that the process act, of 1792, which is expressly confined in its operation to the day of, its passage, in adopting the practice of the state courts into the courts of the United States, could have no operation in that state. But the district court of the United States, established in the state in 1803, was vested with all the powers and jurisdiction of the district court of Kentucky, which exercised full circuit court jurisdiction, with power to create a practice for its own government." 1 Pet. 612.
This decision was made in 1828; and the same view was taken five years afterwards, in Duncan v. The United States. " Nor did the act (of 1792) apply to those states which were subsequently admitted into the Union. But this defect was removed by the act of the 19th of May, 1828, which placed all the courts of the United State; on a footing in this respect, except such as are held Jn the state of Louisiana." 7 Pet. 451.
This act uses the same terms as the process act of 1792, in referring

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

397

[Livingston v. Story.] to cases in law, equity, and admiralty; and so would not be applicable to Louisiana. Congress, however, did not leave this matter open to any doubt; the fourth section is peremptory: " That nothing in this act contained, shall be construed to extend. to any court of the United States, which is now established, or which may hereafter be established in the state of Louisiana." 8 Laws U. S. 63.
There is no phrase so potent as this, "nothing in this act shall be so construed:" it has not only the effect of an exception, a limitation or proviso; it is a positive and absolute prohibition against any construction by the judicial power, by which the thing prohibited shall be sanctioned. The effect of these words in the 11th amendment of the constitution, hag been adjudged by this Court to annul
all jurisdiction over cases actually pending therein, past, present and future; though the constitution had expressly given jurisdiction in the very case. 3 Dall. 382, 3; 6 Wh. 405, 9.
"A denialof jurisdiction forbids all inquiry into the nature of the case." 9 Wh. 847. "The constitution must be construed, as it would have been had the jurisdiction of the Court never been extended to it." 9 Wh. 858, S. P; 9 Wh. 206, 7, 16; '12 Wh. 438, 9.
No construction, therefore, can be put on the act of 1828 which will make it applicable to the practice of Louisiana; how, then, this Court could apply the act of 1792, in direct oppogition to the subsequent acts of 1804, 1805, 1824 and 1828, was, and is, to me, a matter of most especial surprise. The provisions of the acts 'of 1792 and 1828, so far as they refer to the rules &c., of courts of law and of equity jurisdiction, as contradistinguished from each other, are identical; it was, therefore, perfectly nugatory to exclude Louisiana from the operation of the act of 1828, and leave the act of 1792 in force within that state. It was worse than idle; it was a solemn mockery, a legislative farce, a trifling with the people of that state, after a uniform course of legislation, for twenty-four years; on a subject upon which all people are peculiarly sensitive; their local laws, usages and 'customs.
Accustomed to the civil law, the first settlers of Louisiana, their descendants and emigrants'thereto, cling to it, as we of the old, states do, and our ancestors' did cling to the common law, as a cherished inheritance. Had congress declared in 1804, what this Court did in 1835; or had there been a fifth section to the act*of 1828, enacing, that the process act of 1792, was in force in Louisiana, it may well be imagined, what would have been the state of public

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston v. Story.]
opinion. No such imputation rests on the legislative department as would be fastened on its faith, if in either their first or last act, in professing to imaintain and protect the people in their property, according to the plighted faith of the treaty of cession, had been to deprive them of their laws, and force a foreign system upon them. Nor for more than forty years after the act of 1792, ana thirty years after the acquisition of Louisiana, had there been an intimation from this Court, that that act applied to the courts of the United States within it, either as a territory or a state. of the Union; the contrary had been declared and adjudged.
In 1828, it'was decided that this act applied only to the states then composing the Union; 1 Pet. 612. The declaration was repeated in 1833; 7 Pet. 451: and to leave no room for even discussion, this Court, at the same time held, that the act of 1824 was a virtual repeal of all previous acts of congress on the subject; 650. When this case came up, in 1835, it had been decided by this Court, that the act of 1792 never was in force in the new states, and that it was repealed as to Louisiana; the act of 1828, which applied to the other new states, was expressly prohibited from being applied to Louisiana; yet the act of 1792 was declared to be in force then.
If I am capable of comprehending this decision, it repeals five acts of congress; directly overrules three previous solemn decisions of the Court; revives an act which had been repealed; extends to Louisiana a law which never applied to any other new state; and overthrows every thing which carries with it legislative or judicial authority. As a precedent, it is of the most alarming tendency; no question, in my opinion, can be settled, if this was an open one in 1835. Congress may legislate, and this Court adjudicate in vain; if the acts of the one, and the judgments of the other, are thus to be contemned. My respect for both, forbids my assent to such a course, or my acquiescence in a principle which must absolve judges from their obligation to follow the established rules of their predecessors; in the construction of laws, and the settled course of the law.
Having entirely dissented from a rule laid down oy this Court in Green v. The Iessee of Neal, 6 Pet. 299; wherein the majority of the Court put and answer the question, "Would not a change in the construction of a law of the United States by-his tribunal, be obligatory on the state courts? The statute, as last expounded, would be the law of the Union; and wily may not the same effect be given to the last exposition of a local law, by the state court?"

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Livingston v. Story.]
That the principle of "legis posteriores priores contrarias abrogant," is sound, when applied to legislative acts, all admit; but it is an innovation upon all rules, to apply it as a general rule to the exposition of statutes, which have received a settled construction by a court of the last resort. It is an assumption of legislative power, and a reversal of the established principle, that judges cannot amend or alter the law, but must declare what it is; and from the very nature of such a rule as is laid down in Green v. Neal, the law can never be settled, so as to be binding on the judges of this Court; as is most clearly illustrated in this case.
In 1835, there had been three solemn decisions, either of which was conclusive; that the act of 1792 was not in force ifi Louisiana; and there had been an uninterrupted course of practice in the district court of the United States, sanctioned by acts of congress and this Court, for more than thirty years. One judge only dissented in the case of Parsons v. Bedford; but it was because, in his opinion, the Court did not adhere, with sufficient strictness, to the state practice; 3 Pet. 452. In the cases in I Pet. 612, and 7 Pet. 450, the Court appear to have been unanimous; all the judges had then concurred in opinion on the very point which arbse at the former argument; and the act of 1828, was a direct legislative sanction of the judgment of the Court in the former case, being adopted to cure the defect of the nonapplication of the act of 1792, to the new states. There were but five judges present, who took part in the former decision, two of whom dissented; so that the case was determined by only three judges. I do not mean to assert, that the effect of a judgment depends on the mere number of judges who concur in it; but I do assert, most distinctly, that such a decision does not settle the law, in opposition to three previous solemn and unanimous adjudications. If the question thus decided, remained open; there is, to my mind, neither reason, precedent, nor principle, to sanction the doctrine that any judge is bound by the last decision, when he is not bound by former ones. When three last decisions can be overruled, it is strange that one cannot be. The decision of 1833 was. the last, befre another was made. The act of 1792 was then declared to have been repealed, and never to hrve been in force in Louisiana; yet no respect was paid to it, or the one in 1830 or 1828; neither of them were thought deserving of even a passing notice, or the roost remote reference to them. The act of'1828 was treated in the same manner., as alike unworthy of attention.

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston v. Story.] Had any other department or officer of the government, any circuit or district court of the United States, or any state court; thus drawn a sponge over these acts of congress, and our repeated decisions upon them; it would have been justly deemed a disregard of the constituted authorities.' I freely admit that a court may and ought to revise its opinions; when, on solemn and deliberate consideration, they are convinced of their error. It is often done, though never without the fullest investigation; even then, one decision does not settle the law; when they are contradictory, the matter is open for future research. There is no more certainty that a last opinion is more correct than the first. Generally speaking, a construction of a law nearest the time of its passage, is most respected; and is adhered to, though there may be doubts about. it, on the principle of "stare decisis." But it is believed to be unprecedented, to consider a subsequent 'decision that omits any reference to prior ones, and from some cause overlooks them, though they are in point, and by a court of the last resort; as having settled the law. If, however, such is the rule, it necessarily follows, that it can only remain until another last decision shall be made, restoring the old law, or making a new veysion of it. A judge who, in 1835, was at liberty to make a last construction
of a law, is certainly as free in 1837, as he was two years before. The very principle of this caso is, that prior decisions, though unanimous, are not binding; the next, in point of time, by a divided court, can then be of no more authority; and a fortiori, one such opinion cannot outweigh three contrary ones, unless every last decision has the same effect, whenever a present majority may think fit to make one. To such a principle I can never yield assent, unless in the last judgment of this Court, all prior ones have been fully considered; the more especially on such a subject as is involved in this case; in which we were called on to repudiate the laws of a state of this Union, and substitute therefor, by judicial power, a system equally repugnant to the habits, the customs, and the choice of the people. In introducing into Louisiana that part of the common law which constitutes the law and practice of courts of equity, th6 other part of the same system being concomnitaat, cannot be excluded; if it is to be done, or can be done, it is oniy 'by the legislative power.
These were my reasons for dissenting from the judgment heretofore rendered in this cause; they still operate on my mind, in their full force; they are, indeed, strengthened by the judgment noiw

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Livingston v. Story.]
given; which seems to me as repugnant to the former, as that was to all former ones, and the existing laws.
The controversy between these parties is xespecting real property of great value; the plaintiff claims it, subject to the payment of a certain sum of money; the defendant claims it as his own absolutely, by purchase from the plaintiff, pursuant to several contracts made according to the forms of the law of Louisiana. The suit was commenced by a bill in equity, according to the form of process adapted to such courts; and contrary to the practice of the district court, fizom the first organization of a territorial government in Louisiana,' in 1804, till the filing of the bill in 1834; vide Record, 2 to 6, 8 to 12. A demurrer was put in, assigning two causes. 1. That plaintiff had not set out such a case as entitled him to any discovery or relief in any court of equity in the state. 2. That by the bill it appeared that the transaction complained of, was between the plaintiff or one side, and the defendant and one'Fort on the other, whose heirs were. not made parties, Record, p. 7; 9 Peters, 6, 36: that this was necessary by-the law and practice of Louisiana, was admitted. It -wasnot a matter of mere form or practice, that the heirs of Fort should be made parties; the transadtion was a joint one. Story had purchased from Fort, and paid him a large sum of money for his interest in th6 property. To Story therefore, it was highly important, that when the original transactio yeas to be unravelled, he should not alone be held ahswerable to the plaintiff, and be compelled to reconvey, without his partner being compelled t9 contribute. By the law of the state, he had a right to this protection; it was equitable too, that the plaintiff should be compelled to call into court all the parties who had been concerned: to th6 defendant it was but justice that he should not be put to his remedy against his associate, and the consequences be visited -on him alone. This right to have the heirs of Fort brought in, was absolute, had the plaintiff sued in the mode prescribed by the law and practice of the state; it was a substantial benefit to Story, of which he could have been deprived in no other way, than on abrogation of the established course of proceeding, then in force in the state. This was done by the Court in overruling the demurrer on both points: tt declared that the process act of 1792 applied tothe case; and as the defendant, at the time of filing the bill, was the only person claiming or possessing the property, none other need be made a party, 9 Pet. 658, 9. By the terms of this act, "the forms and modes of proceeding in suits in equity, &c., which
VOL. XI.-3 E

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston v. Story.]
are to be pursued in the federal courts, is not confined to the mere process employed;" it is to be "according to the principles, rules, and usages, which belong to courts in equity," &c. 1 Story, 258. When it is recollected, that there is no statute in England which defines the jurisdiction of these courts, or prescribes their course, the whole law or code of equity jurisprudence is necessarily made up of its own "principles, rules, and usages," which make it a system, as contradistinguished from that which prevails in courts of law. When too, we look to its adoption by the judiciary and process acts, it is at once apparent, that its effects go far beyond forms and practice; if it is in force in Louisiana, it does not stop at substituting an English bill, for a civil law petition; the whole law of equity, as a distinct code, neceisarily accompanies it, by the very words of the act of 1792. So it must have been understood by the court, or they would have directed the heirs of Fort to be made a party to "a bill of equity;" as they must have done, had the proceeding been by petition. On this point their language is most explicit in using the very words of the act of 1792. "And that in the modes of proceeding, that court was required to proceed according to the principles, rules, and usages, which belong to courts of equity, as contradistinguished from courts of law," 9 Pet. 655. So again; "as the courts of the Union have a chancery jurisdiction in every state, and the judiciary at confers the same chancery powers on all, and gives the same rules of decision, its jurisdiction in Massachusetts," (and of course in Louisiana,) "must be the same as in other states." 656. And if no such laws and rules applicable to the 6ase exist in Louisiana, then such equity powers must be exercised according to the principles, usages, and rules of the circuit courts of the United States, as regulated and prescribed for the circuit courts in the other states of the Union, 660. There can, therefore, be no mistake in considering, that the whole system of English equity jurisprudence henceforth is the law of Louisiana, both in form and substance, vide, 659; if the judgment first rendered in this case is the settled law of the land. , In its present aspect then, the suit must be taken as a bill in equity, to be decided on, and by the same principles, rules, and usages, which would form the law of equity in a circuit court of any other state.
In so viewing this case, there seem to me insuperable objections to the relief prayed for in the bill; even on the plaintiff,'s own showing, and the documents referred to.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Livingston v. Story.] The first contract between the parties was, in form, an absolute sale, in July 1822, for the consideration of twenty-five thousand dollars; of even date there was a defeasance or dounter-letter, stipulating for a reconveyance, on payment of that sum in February 1823, and in case of nonpayment the property to be sold. In March 1823, an agreement was made, extending the time till June, stipulfting the terms. The sale was postponed at plaintiff's request, and a new agreement made, whereby he was to pay Fort and Story twentyseven thousand eight hundred and thirty dollars, on the 5th of-August, otherwise the property was to be absolute in them, and the defeasance to be cancelled, so as to bar any equity of redemption; the declared intention being, "to vest in Fort and Story a full title, in fee simple, forever." The plaintiff not paying the money, the defeasance was cancelled; and Fort and Story remained in the possession and enjoyment of the property In his bill the plaintiff alleges, that the original transaction was a loan of money, for the security of which the contracts were executed; and rests his whole case upon that allegationt he avers no fraud or unfairness on the part of Story or Fort, no ignorance of his rights, of any fact or matter in any way material to him, when the subsequent agreements were made. His only equity is in averring, that the property was worth more than the sum he had received, his inability to repay it, owing to the -great pressure for money in 1822 and 3, the nonapplication of seven thousand dollars, which sum was to have been expended in improvements on the property; and that it was worth one hundred and twenty thousand dollars at the time of suit brought, in 1834. In such a case, a court of equity would look for the equity of the case in the acts of the plaintiff in March, June, and August, 1823; and if not satisfied that the release of all right of redemption, and the agreement that the right of Fort and Story should become absolute in fee simple, was made in ignorance by the plaintiff, or by fraud, or imposition by the defendant, the plaintiff could have no standing in court. Admitting the first contract to have been a mortgage, the parties voluntarily changed its nature on the application of the plaintiff; his object was to avoid a sale, and to gain time till the pressure subsided; but finding it continuing, he preferred making the transaction an absolute sale, rather than expose the property to a public sale during the pressure. If better terms could have been obtained than were offered by Fort nmd Storv, or if the avermnefit in the bill that it was worth

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston.v. Story.]
60,000 dollars, in 1823, was true, it is incredible that the plaintiff should have be~n so desirous of keeping it out of the market; or that he would have entered into the agreement of June, if he .could have obtained a better price from others. Be this, however, as it may, the mere inadequacy of price is of no consequence in equity; courts will never set aside a contract on this ground, if it is free from all other objections: the agreements of March and June were solemn, deliberate, and executed according to the solemnities of the civil law; and were binding by all the rules and principles of the English system of equity. By that law, Mr. Livingston was not a minor, deemed incapable of managing his own affairs; neither is ignorance of the law or facts of his own, case, imputable to him; and he shows iihis bill no reason why he should not be bound by his contracts, or why le should have them annulled.
As a mortgagor in the first instance, a court of equity would protect him against any unfair release of his equity of redemption to the mortgagee; yet, if fairly made, it would be as valid as if he had conveyed it to a third person. So far from any equity arising to him from the rise in the value of the property from 1823, till 1834; it is, in my opinion, a strong circumstances in favour of the defendant, who advanced his money during a severe pressure, when he could have purchased this property at auction, at a rate below its estimated value, proportioned to the demand for .money, or have purchased from others. This ground of relief, however, entirely fails, when we consider the answer of the defendant; he denies the whole equity of the bill, as well as every aliegation on which it rests; the answer is responsive to the bill, is full and explicit; and the plaintiff has not disproved one fact or averment contained in it; or proved any one matter averred in his bill. It is distinctly denied, that the original transaction was a loan; that the property was worth more than the sum' to be paid for its reconveyance, or to.prevent a sale; the nonapplication of the 7000 dollars i accounted for in a manner which throws on the plaintiff all its .consequences; and shows it to have l6een by his own acts, and those of the person for whom he was surety to the defendant. These circunistances alone, would take from him any. standing in a court of equity in England, or any circuit court of a state. Another view of the case is equally conclusive; on an inspection of the bill, answer, and exhibits.
The plaintiff did not rest his ease on the documentdry evidence; he averred the transaction to have been different from what was ex-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Livingston v. Story.]
pressed in the written agreement; and called for the aid of a court of equity to compel the defendant to disclose the real nature and character of the original contract, and the true intentioni of the parties, on his oath. By this, be made the answer to the bill and interrogatories, evidence; it is directly responsive, full, and positive, and supported by evidence of the most satisfactory kind; the written application of the plaintiff's agent to Fort and Story, on the 13th July, preceding the first agreement. Vide ante, p. 360. No attempt was made by the plaintiff to prove the averment, that a loan was intended; so ihat there was nothing in the case which could vary the terms of the writing. The only original contract, was, then, the conveyance; and the defeasance, or counter-letter, taken in c6nnectidn as one agreement, the terms of which show its legal character to bc a conditional sale, and not a imortgage; when tested by the rules of equity as recognised by this Court.
To make such a transaction a mortgage, it is indispensable to show that the party receiving the money was bound to repiy it; unless it clearly appears, from the evidence, that a loan was intended; and that the form of a sale was adopted as a cover for usury. The principal and interest must be secure; there must be h remedy against the person of the vendor or the borrower, and clear proof that he was liable. 7 Cr. 236, 7; 9 Pet. 445, to 454. If it is not proved by extrinsic evidence that a loan was intended, and the party bound to repay it, it matters not how extravagant the terms of repurchase may be: the redemption must be on the day stipulated; or the estate vests absolutely, if the principal was at hazard. lb. 455, 469. Inadequacy of price is not a circumstance which will convert a conditional sale into a mortgage. 7 Cr. 241; and if the party makes ne claim to the property while the other is in possession, making valuable improvements on it without any notice of an intention to assert a right of redemption, a court of equity will not aid him. 7 Cr. 240.
In the counter-letter, Mr. Livingston is not bound to repay the money; Fort and Story had no remedy against him; had the property sold for, or been worth less than the sum advanced, the loss was theirs. There is an averment in the bill 'that the plaintiff was liable; but it is expressly denied by the answer, and the plaintiff has nottffered a spark of evidence to contradict it; the protest made in August was not to found an action; but was made as authentic evidence of the fact of nonpayment, and to silence the pretensions of the plaintiff, as is expressly sworn to in the answer. Rec. p. 19. It

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston v. Story.]
is also positive as tQ the value of the property at the time, and afterwards. "This deponent was repeatedly offered, after 1s23, by John A. Fort, the half of the property at cost and charges; which he refused, considering the property not worth it. It has been only the rise of all property in that part of the city where it is situated, that has saved them from loss." Rec. 22.
Should it be thought worthy of inquiry, why they should pay for the property more than it was worth in 1822 or 1823, the answer is at hand. By the contract, eight thousand dollars of the money was to be expended in improvements, which would have been so much added to the value of the property; the plaintiff was security that this sum should be so applied by Rust: trusting to this guaranty, vide Record, 29, Fort and Story advanced the eight thousand dollars to Rust, who misapplied it in the manner stated in the answer to the interrogatories of the bill, Record, 22. In the answer if is also stated, that plaintiff represented that a quantity of joists and iron work had been found for the buildings then erecting; but, on inquiry, defendant found they had not been paid for, and he and Fort had been compelled to purchase them at a cost of one thousand three hundred and seventy dollars. This sum, added to the seven thousand dollars misapplied by Rust, was a diminution of the value of the property more than eight thousand dollars below what it would have been, ir the plaintiff had fulfilled his guaranty, and made good his representation; and the work done would be worthless unless the buildings had been made' tenantable. Fort and Story had no option but to submit to this loss, inasmuch as they had confided in the plaintiff, that he would do what he had engaged to do, without holding him personally bound to repay them the twenty-five thousand dollars; eight thousand three hundred dollars of which was lost to them in the manner stated. To save themselves, they were thus compelled to advance this sum, to put the buildings in the state they were stipulated for, when they made the agreement. Under such circumstances, no court of equity could have considered the transaction a mortgage; or the plaintiff as entitled to any relief,'
On another ground, the plaintiff's case was divested of all semblance of equity. He had laid by eleven years, after he had voluntarily cancelled the counter-letter,- and surrendered the property by an absolute title in fee simple; during which time he had given no notice of any claim on his part, or any intention to assert a right of redemption; while Fort and Story, to hlskaovledge, were making costly

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

407

(Livingston v. Story.] improvements, undei the full belief that they owned it; as the plaintiff had solemnly engaged that they should own and hold it. He waited till all risk was out of the question, when the speculation was a certain great one; and, in his own good time, comes into a court of equity, demanding a reconveyance, and offers to allow to Story five per cent. per annum for the use of his money: but refusing even to make the heirs of Fort a party; though the plaintiff knew, and stated in his bill, that Story, relying on his contract, had purchased out his interest at a large advance.
For this delay the bill assigns no reason or excuse, nor can any be 'fourid in the whole record; none has been offered in argument, none can exist to which any court of equity would listen, while it respected the principles laid down by this Court, at the same term in which this cause was first before it.
"A court cf equity, which is never active in kelief against conscience, or public convenience, has always refused its aid to stale demands, where the party slept upon his rights, or acquiesced for a great length of time. Nothing can call forth this Court into activity, but conscience, good faith, and resonable diligence. When these are wanting, the Court is passive, and does nothing; laches and neglect are always discountenanced; and, therefore, from the beginning of this jurisdiction, there was always a limitation of suits in this Court. The same doctrine has been repeatedly recognised in the British courts, as will abundantly appear from the cases already cited. It has also repeatedly received the sanction of the American courts, &c. And it has been acted upon in the fullest. manner by this Court, especially in," &c. Piatt v. Vattier, 9 Pet. 416, 17.
With submission,.then, it must be asked, vhy this principle should not be applied to this case? There can be none which calls more loudly for it; it is a fundamental rule by which all courts of equity act: it is an essential part of that system of equity, which, in this
very case, this Court, two. years ago, held to be in force in Louisiana; as well in the principles and rules of decision) as in matterdof practice, furnishing the law of the.case, in place of the local law which,
was then suppressed. In Louisiana, ten years is a positive bar 'by limitation, when the law is.applied; the principle of analogy, therefore, would apply to .Ashorter period than in other states, where the time of limitation is twenty rears. In such a case, and circum-
stanced as this case is, the lapse of eleven years, wholly unaccounted for; would be as fatal to the plaintiff's claim in any court of equity,

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston v. Story.] .
in England; in any of the states, or in this Court; as if it had continued for -any period, howevr long. The same question may be put as to the rules and principles on which equity acts, or would act, in annulling contracts like those of March, June, and August, 1823; also as to the established rules in deciding on what is a conditional sale, or a mortgage, as likewise declared at the same. time; 9 Pet. 445, &c.
One answer has been given to all questions which can be put, if this case is to be decided by the English system of equity jurisprudence, as adopted by the process act of 1792; and declared to be a part of the law of Louisiana in 1835. It is now most solemnly adjudged, that this case is not to be determined by "the principles, rules, and usages, of courts of equity, as contradistinguished from courts of law;" that it depends on, and is governed-by the Louisiana law of- antechresis or mortgage; by which no length of possession, no amount expended in improvements, no laches of a mortgagor, however incompatible with every principle of common justice, or English equity, can bar a redemption without a sale. Nay, this law by the decree as now made, declares Mr. Livingston to be a minor, under a pupilage so strict, that his contracts, in relation to this property, are mere paper and packthread; and his pledged faith, that Fort and Story should hold and enjoy,it, idle wind; because no sale was made, on account of his repeated and most urgent efforts to prevent it. He too, the distinguished jurist who revised and compiled codes for Louisiana, and was deeply versed in all the details of its laws; asks this Court to give him the benefit of this law of antichresis, on the only ground on which it can give him a decree for property, without irretrievably compromitting that, which he deemed far more valuable-his character.
Fort and Story did not intend to pay their money on such a contract as an antichresis. Mr. Liingston did rit intend to mislead or deceive them by persuading them to waive a sale, which, under such a contract, was indispensable to bar his right of redemption; he did not cancel the counter-letter, and pledge himself that his equity of redemption wag forever extinguished, knowing that the law incapacitated hip from doing it. Fort and Story never contemplated that their only right to the property, was only a pledge upon it for their money and legal interest; nor could it have entered into their minds, that by indulging Mr. Livingston in avoiding a public sale, they were thereby giving him the sole benefit of their capital,, expended in the

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

409

[Livingston v. Story.] purchase and improvements, as well as the appreciation in value of the property. That an antichresis was ever in their -minds, cannot be pretended; or that he knew that the contract was of that-nature, and intended to alail himself of it, if a change of times should make it his interest to do so, when the property rose to a sufficient value, while he held out to Fort and Story that their title was perfect; is incredible. He must have been as ignorant of the law as they were, and both have intended the tfansaction as a conditional sale; in such a case, a court of equity would so reform the contract, as to make it conform to the real intention of both parties: On the other hand, if they intended the contract to be a conditional sale, and he intended it to be a mortgage; there is a fatal bar to this case.
It was laid down by this Court, in 1835, that where the contract was in terms a conditional sale, it would not be turned into a'mortgage, or the money be deemed a loan; -unless the 'intention to do so was mutual. 9 Pet. 450. That it was not so in: this case, is manifest from the conduct of the defendant, and his positive oath in his answer; which decidedly negative any mutuality of intention.
There are, then, the following distinct grounds of defence, on equitable principles, to the plaintiff's bill. 1. He has failed in adducing any evidence, competent to vary the terms of the original contract., 2. He has shown no ground for annulling the subsequent contracts, or why they are not binding on him in equity. 3. All the averments in the bill are positively denied by an answer directly responsive, which remains uncontradicted, without an attempt to disprove any part of it, or to support the bill. 4. The plaintiff was never bound to repay the money;" and the defendant incurred the whole risk of a depression in the value of the property. 5. The defendant never intended to enter into a contract of loan or mortgage. 6. The plaintiff is barred by the lapse of time and acquiescence, without, notice.
If then the decree of this CStnt, at this term, had been.rendered in accordance with those "principles, rules, and usages of a court of equity," which they adjudged two years before, to be the law of the case, the decree of the court below must have been affirmed; yet is now reversed, because the local law, which was wholly repudiated then. is applicable now. Herein there seems to me an utter discrepancy, between the two decrees of this Court. In 1835, the practice and law of Louisiana was displplced by the practice and law of equity; by the rules of which the demurrer was overruled, when- it must have been sustained; if the act of 1792 had not been in force in that
VOL. XI.-3 F

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston v. Story.] state. In 1837, the forms and modes of proceeding in equity are retained; which deprive the.defendant of the benefit of the law of the state, compelling a plaintiff who sues for the redemption of mortgaged propbrty, according to the law of antichresis, to join all the original parties; in consequence whereof the plaintiff retained his standing in court, which he must otherwise have lost. The law'of equity having thus performed its appointed office, is, in its turn, displaced by the state law, and ceases to be a rule of decision: the law of antichresisis then brought in, to perform the final office of annulling the contracts of the parties; taking the property from the defendant, and awarding it to the plaintiff. Now, if the law of antichresis must govern this case, it is by sheer, dry, legal right; as destitute of any equity -as it is contra.y to its most sacred principles, when applied to such a tase as this: by every rule of its action, equity calls on the plaintiff to show "conscience" in his claim; "good faith" in his conduct; and reasonable diligence ip pursuing his rights, before it moves one step. Let the record answer how these calls have been met. In his bill, the plaintiff holds the defendant to the most strict rules of accounting, as a trustee or agent; he offers to pay, legal interest, (which is five per cent.) on the money due in August, 1823; say twenty eight thousand dollars; which, for eleven years at the time of filing the bill, amounts to fifteen thousand four hundred dollars: so that defendant would be entitled to a credit, in account, of forty-three thousand four hundred dollars, from which must be deducted twentynine thousand seven hundred dollars, he had received f6r rents up to 1829, Record, 50; and at the rate stated, he would be indebted to the plaintiff in 1834. The plaintiff would then regain a property, stated in his bill to be worth"one hundred and twenty thousand dollars, and by Mrs. Fort to be two hundred thousand dollars, and by the use of the defendant's money; while Story is left to seek his remedy against her for the fifty thousand dollars, paid her in 1832, for her share. In his offer, the plaintiff omits any credit to the defendant, for taxes on the property, or compensation as his bailiff and receiver, for collecting the rents of the buildings erected with his own money; as it now seems for the plaintiff's use; on an interest of five per cent. in New O.leans. This is the conscience of the case. Its good faith can be ascertained by the stipulations, and solemnly declared intentions of the plaintiff, in the contracts of VIarch and June, 1823; Record, p. 278; the cancellationof the counter-letter; and after an utter silence for eleven years, then, for the first time, asserting the contract to be

JA NUARY TERM, 1837.
[Livingston v. Story.]
an antichresis; with a perpetual right of redemption, till a sale was made by its authority. Reasonable diligence would seem to consist in the plaintiff's pleasure; eleven years must be held not to be "a great length of time," under the circumstances of this case; or the utter silence, and want of notice for this period, must be held not to be an "acquiescence" in the defendant's right. It has been a truly fortunate result for the plaintiff, that with a case not sustainable by either the practice or law of Louisiana, or by.the rules and princitiles of a court of equity, separately; he has been able to attain his object at one term, by one law, and at another term by the other; so happily applied, as to meet the exigencies of his case at both terms. Had the one law been made the rule of decision on the whole case, I might have acquiesced in the result: as it is, I am constrained to dissent from the whole course of proceeding; as in my settled judgment, in direct conflict with the acts of congress, as *well as the repeated and most solemn adjudications of this Court.
I have not examined into the law of antichresis in Louisiana, for the want of the necessary books; conceding, however, that it is as the Court has considered it, it gives the plaintiff a sheer legal right, for the violatiori of which a court of equity is riot the proper'forum to resort: the right being in contravention of the fundamental principle of such courts, the remedy must be in a court which decides by the rules dnd principles of the civil law; to which code alone such a contract is known.
There is one other matter, on which I also dissent from the opinion of the Court; which has tao important an effect on the rules of pleading and practice in suits in equity, to be passed unnoticed; and is in my opinion, a dangerous innovation, unsupported by principle or
precedent. From the preceding view of this case it is apparent, that if' Mr.
Livingston had been a citizen of'Louisiana he could have sued only in the cdurt of the state; his proceedings must have been according to its practice and laws, by which he must have made Mrs. Fort a party. Admitting his right to the property to be what this Court have held it, it would have placed the defendant in a very different position from that in which he now stand., without the least injury or inconvenience to the plaintiff. Mrs. Fort would have been compelled to refund the rents she 'had received, which, by the decree, the defendant must pay; together with the fifty thousand dollars she xeceived from him, with. the accruing interest; as well as the loss sustained by.receiving only five per cent. on their capital; and pro-

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston v. Story.] bably paying to banks eight or ten per cent. as is usual in Orleans. Vide 3 Wheat. 146. By suing in a court of the United States, the plaintiff,by the aid of the process act of 1792, has protected Mrs. Fort, and thrown the whole loss on Mr. Story: leaving him the chances of a suit with her, in place of the certain remedy, that a state court would give him. To him it was no matter of form, practice, or mode of proceeding, whether he was sued in the one or the other court; it may be that his whole indemnity from Mrs. Fort depended on it: to the plaintiff it mattered not, so that he obtained the benefit of the law of antichresis, which the state court was bound to administer, as much as the court below was. The measure of justiceto him was the same in both courts. It was by being a citizen of New York, that this court enabled the plaintiff to overrule the demurrer; by the application of the process act of 1792, the law of the case was changed; so that it was a most important fact in its bearing on the merits of the cause, .not one affecting the form or mode of proceeding in the suit. It was averred in the bill, that the plaintiff was a citizen of New York:. the defendant, in his answer, says, "that he does not admit, but if it be the fact, requires proof that the complainant is a citizen of the state of New York; that at the time of the transaction mentioned in the bill, and for a long time thereafter, he was a citizen of the state of Louisiana, and one of her senators in the congress of the United States; and if he has ceased to be a citizen of that state, the defendant knows not When, or how, and calls for proof." Rec. 16. To this part of the answer an exception"was made, because the objection came too late after a demurrer had been overruled. Rec. 33. The exception was overruled, 36, and the general replication was filed. On the hearing, one deposition was read on the part of the plaintiff, to prove the fact; but in my opinion it failed to do so. This, however, was not deemed material by the court; who held, that the averment of citizenship could be controverted in no other way than by a plea in abatement: and that not having-done so, the defendant was too late in reserving the denial till he answered; applying to the case the same rule which prevails as to pleas to the jurisdiction of a court of equity.
Had this been a suit by petition, according to the practice of the state, a denial of the citizenship or alienage could have been made in the answer', after a plea in bar, and the cause ordered for trial; it was so, decided by this Court in 1833, declaring, that "the courts of Louisiana do not proceed by the rules of the common law;" "their

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Li~ingston y. Story.] code is founded on the civil law, and our inquiries must be confined to its rules." 7 Pet. 429. This plea was offered after issuejoined on a plea in bar, and after the argument had commenced. The court might admit it, and the court might also reject it. It was in the discretion of this Court to allow or reject this additional plea, Ib. 432. In 1 Pet. 612, it was decided, that a district court in a new state had "power to create a practice for its own government" The practice of the state courts adopted jy the district judge of Louisiana, has been always recognised by this court, and acted on. 6 Pet. 198; 7 Pet. 429, 30; 8 Pet.303. In Brown v. Keene, this very objection was taken in the answer, and considered by the Court; 8 Pet. 112, ll.
Such being the established practice of the court below, sanctioned by this Court, and the act of 1824; the plaintiff would have been bound to prove this averment, and considered himself so bound by the attempt to do it; but this Court has relieved him by expunging the state practice, and substituting what they assume to be the equity practice of courts of chancery in England. The consequence of which is, that the defendant is not allowed to deny by his answer,-a fact averred in the bill, unless by a plea in abatement, in which he takes on himself the burthen of disproving it: of course, if he fails in doing so, the averment must be taken to be true, without any proof offered by the plaintiff to sustain it. That this decision of the Court is as repugnant to its ow'n principles often declared, and to the rules of pleading in equity cases, as it is to the recognised practice of the court below; is clear to mymind.
By the 18th rule prescribed -bythis Court, "for ihe practice of the courts of equity of the United States;" "the defendant may at any time before the bill is taken for confessed, or afterwaids with the leave of the Court, demur or plead to the whole bill, or part of it; and he may demur to part, plead to part, and answer to the residue," &c. 7 Wheat. ix.
By the 23d rule, "the defendant, instead of filifig a formal demurrer orplea, may insist on any special matter in his answer; and have the same benefit thereof, as if he had pleaded the same matter or had demurred to the bill," lb. x.
When this case was before this Court two years agb, this was their language. OIt is an established and universal rule of pleading in chancery; that'a defendant may meet a complainant's bill by several mdes of defence. He may demur, answer and plead to different parts of a bill," 9 Pet. 658. Such were the rules- of equity then.

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston v. Story.]
There must have been a great change in equity practice since, if a defendant may not now deny in his answer any averment in the bill; or call for proof of any fact averred, as to Which he has not sufcient knowledge, to be safe in admitting or denying it.
When he answered this bill, there was no rule of this or any court of equity, by which the averment of citizenship was exempted from the special rules of this Court, or 'the established and universal rule of pleading in chancery:" it was not a privileged allegation, but like all others material to the plaintiff's standing in Court, he was bound to prove it when called on by an answer, which did not admit, or put it in issue by a denial. It is hard, indeed, on the defendant, that he suffers under the adoption of a rule unknown to the law or practice of equity; when he put in his answer, his counsel looked to the existing rules, after he found that the rules of the state practice had been superseded; and must hive felt safe in following those which had been laid down as universal, in that opinion which fastened the equity code of England on the state and people of Louisiana. They had a right to .confide in its future administratipn, according to the rules and principles promulgated by that tribunal; which by its own power imposed it on them. It has been held by this Court for more than forty years, that an express averment of citizenship is necessary to enable a citizen of one state to sue in the federal court of another; ,that it is a special privilege, conferred by the constitution and the judiciary act, to which the plaintiff must show his right by the record; that the averment must be positive, and not in the alternative, 8 Wheat. 112; that it must be in the body of the bill, and does not suffice that it is in the title or caption; that it is not only a fatal defect after a final decree; but is deemed so important that the judges feel bound to nctice it, though counsel do not, 8 Pet. 148.
When the whole action of a court of equity on a bill, which does not, in its body, contain .this averment in positive terms, is thus a mere nullity, and a final decree does not cure the defect: it is a most strange conclusion, that it cannot be denied by the answer, or the plaintiff be put to its proof; that as one of the allegataof the bill it is indispensable, while as one of theprobata,it is immaterial. As the defect goes to the jurisdiction of the C9urt, it would seem consonant to reason, as well as to law, that if the averment of the fact was material, its truth was equally so ; yet if the doctrine of the Court is sound, the defendant cannot put the plaintiff on proof of it, or make it a matter in issue on which he can adduce negative evidence. By

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Livingston v. Story.]
putting the defendant to his plea in abatement, the Court seem to me to have overlooked its requisites. Such a Plea must be on oath; and it must give the plaintiff a better writ or bill, by pointing out how he ought to sue: such are its requisites in a suit of law or equity. I Day's Com. Dig. 151; 1 P. Wins. 477; Beame, 92, 3; 1 Ves. Sr.
203, 4. The requisites of all pleas in equity are also overlooked. A plea
must set up matter not in the bill; some new fact as a reason why the bill should be delayed, dismissed, or not answered; or the plea will be overruled; Mit. 177, 9; Beame, 2,-7; 2 Madd. R. 346, Am. ed.
The nature and effect of a plea to the jurisdiction of a court of equity, are also wholly misapprehended. It does not deny tfie plaintiff's right to relief; or that the bill does not contain matter pr'oper for the cognisance of a court of equity; but.it is made on the ground, that the court of chancery is not the prope'r one to decide it: it admits the jurisdiction of equity, but asserts that some other court can afford the remedy,; Mit. 180; Beame, 57. This" must be done by matter set up in the plea; because the court of chancery, being one*of general jurisdiction in equity, an exception must be made-out by the party who elairms an exemption, in order to arrest its jurisdiction. Mit. 186; Beame, 57, 91; 1 Vern. 59; 2 Vern. 483; 1 Ves. Sr. 264. This objection must be by plea, and cannot be taken by demurrer: it must show what court has cognizance of the case: 'that it is a court of"equity, and can give the plaintiff a remedy: if no circumstance can give jurisdiction to the court of chancery, then no plea is necessary; a demurrer is good; Mit. '123, 4; Beame, 100, 1; 1 Atk. 544; 1 Saund. 74; 1 Dick. 129; 3 Br. Ch. 301; 2 Ves. Sr. 357.
From this view of a plea to the jurisdiction of the court of chancery in England, it must be manifest that there is and can be no analogy between its jurisdiction and that of a circuit or distfict court, sitting as such: the former being general, attaches to every case not brought within an exception, by ma'ter specially pleaded, showing that the case is cognizable in some inferior court of equity, competent to give the relief prayed: the latter is special, and limited to the cases specially enumerated, within which the plaintiff must bring himself, by averment and proof of the necessary fact. A denial of this fact does not oust an existing general jurisdiction; it puts in issue the only fact which can give the Court cognizance of the case: no fact or matter not in the bill, is set up by way of avoidance or delay, or as a reason for not answering; nothing is put in issue

416 ''

SUPREME COURT.

[Livingston v. Story.]

I

but the truth of the allegation, in which the plaintiff claims a right

and pfivilege,.denied to the*citizens of Louisiana.. He has claimed,

and the Court have granted him a much higher privilege, than that

of merely suing in a federal court; he is exempted from the obli-

gation of suing, according to the law and practice of the state; the

benefit of the-equity code of England is given to him, and the de-

fendant deprived of the right secured to him by the law of. the state,

that. of having the heirs of his former partner made a party. The

plaintiff's privilege is the defendant's oppression; the plaintiff is a

favoured suitor; not because he is a citizen of New York in truth or

in fact, but merely because he says in his bill that he is; and the de-

fendant must submit to all the consequences of the averment being

true, unless he will also consent to undergo the perils and inflictions

of a plea in abatement. We have seen what its requisites are: now

letthem be applied to this case, and the consequences of such a plea.

It must be on oath, the.fact is-not within his knowledge; he swears

to a negative of-a fact asserted in the bill, whereby he is compelled

to incur the risk of perjury. As pleas in abatement in the court of

chancery are governed by the same rules as. in a court of law, 1"

Yes. Sen. 203; Beame, 89, 90; there is another rule worthy of notice:

"If the plaintiff take issue on a plea in abatement, and it be found

against the defendant, then final judgment is given against him." 2

Saund. 111, a, note 3, and cases cited. He must therefore incur the

danger of a final decree against him, if he does not make out his

negative issue. His plea must be overruled, because it sets up no

matter not in the bill. 'He must give the plaintiff a better writ or

bill, by showing that some other court of equity has cognizance of

the case: this is impossible in Louisiana, in which there is no such

court: his plea is then bad, because he cannot comply with the re-

quisites, unless it is incumbent on him to do it, in the only possible

way left him. He can set up new matter,by averring that the plain-

tiff is a citizen of some other state than New York or Louisiana, and

thus give the plaintiff a better bill:. but then the same court would

have jurisdiction, so that the plea would be nugatory, and subject

the defendant to all the consequences which he sought to avoid.

The.reason given for the rule of pleading, in chancery, shows its en-

tire inapplicability to a suit in a federal court. "The reason of this

is, that in suing fdr his right, a person is not to be sent every where

to look for a jurisdiction; but must be told what other court has

jurisdiction, or what other writ is proper for him, and this is matter

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Livingston v. Story.]
of which the court, where the action is brought, is to judge." 1 Ves. Sr. 203. The plaintiff knows his own residence.
It would be the most perfect anomaly in pleading, to draw up a plea to the jurisdiction of the court of chancery- in the English form, and apply it to a bill in equity in a circuit court of the United States, so as to meet the averment of citizenship of the plaintiff; according to the present decision of this Court. Its exhibition to an equity pleader in Lincoln's Inn, who would read our constitution, the judiciary act, the rules and decisions of this Court, would not fail to cause him to admire it as an improvement in the science of pleading. For myself, I am utterly unable to comprehend, that the denial of an averment of a fact in a bill can be deemed aplea of any kind, unless it is the general issue, or a special issue on that fact; to be a plea in abatement, or in bar, every rule of pleading in law or equity requires that it should set up some matter not in the bill. And I can imagine no greater departure from the practice and principles of equity, than to deprive a defendant of the right of denying a fact stated in the bill, unless by exposing himself to the perils, add incurring the consequences of a plea in abatement. If the decision now made, remains the law of the Court, the rule must be carried out to all its consequences. Equity pleading is a science; its settled rules form an admirable system; but an innovation upon them would produce the most crying injustice. To my mind, there cannot be a case which can more forcibly illustrate the dangerous effects than the present; when the record is examined, and its judicial history compared, throughout its progress to its present state, with the acts of
congress, the rules of practice, and decisions of this Court. For these reasons, I feel constrained to express my dissent to the
whole course of the Court in this case: whether it is tested by the practice and law of Louisiana, or the English system of equity, it is
an entire departure from both, if I can understand either. The transition from the one system to the other, in the different stages of the
cause, each operation to the manifest prejudice of the defendant; tends, in my opinion, to the worst of all consequences; utter uncertainty in the administration of the law in Louisiana. If the legislative or judicial authority of the Union could, command any respect, the process act of 1792, never did or could apply to that state: if both are overruled by one decision, it cannot be expected that the solemn adjudications of this Court will'hereafter be deemed better evidence of its rules of practice, or the principles of equity, than they have been
VOL. XI.-3 G

SUPREME COURT.
[Livingston v. Story.] in their bearing on the present case. My opinion on the general equity and merits of the case is as much at variance with that of the Court, as it is on the subjects to which my attention has been mainly directed: I have forborne an examination of this part of the case, for obvious reasons. Whether the property in question, however valuable, shall be held by the plaintiff, or defendant, is a matter of small concern, compared with the consequences which must follow from the decrees rendered; if the opinions and reasoning of the Court must henceforth be taken as the established law.
This cause came on to be heard on'the transcript of the record from the district court of the United States, for the eastern district of Louisiana, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it .is ordered and adjudged, and decreed, that the decree of the said district court, dismissing the bill of the complainant, be, and the same is'hereby reversed and annulled; the Court being of opinion that the transaetion.of the 25th of July, 1822, between John A, Fort, Benjamin Story, ahd Edward Livingston, was a loan to the said-Edward Livingston, secured by a pledge, denominated an aitichresis, in the law of Louisiana. And it is hereby further ordered, adjudged, and decreed, that the cause be sent back for further proceedings in the court below, with directions that the cause be referred to a master, t6 take an account between the parties. And it is herebyTurther ordered, adjudged,.and decreed, that in taking said account, there be allowed to the defendant all advances which shall be shown to have been made by him, or paid on account of the loan made to Edward Livingston, on the 25th day of July, in the year 1822, with the interest which the said Edward Livingston agreed to pay, of eighteen per cent. per annum, to be calculated upon cash advances, from the time it was made until the 5th of August, 1823, and after that time, at legal interest. And further, that in taking said account, the. defendant be allowed alLreasonable expenditures made by the defendant, and John A. Fort, in building, repairing, and safe keeping of the property pledged.by the said Edward Livingston, to secure the loan made to him on the 25th day of July, 1822, and that the -complainant be credited in such account .with all such sums as the defendant, or John A Fort, or either of them have 'eceived from the said property; and that, in taking such account, the rents and profits be applied first, to the payment of the sums necessarily incur-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

419

[Livingston v. Story.]
red in building and repairing. Secondly, to the payment of the interest on the sums which shall appear to have been advabce.d on the said loan, or in the improvemert of the lot. And thirdly, to the discharge of the principal of the said loan. And if, on taking said account, it shall appear that there is a balance due to the complain-' ant, it is hereby further ordered, adjudged, and decreed, that the defendant pay to the complainant such balance, within six months from the time of entering the final decree in the cause, and shall surrender and reconvey the said propertyto the comlilainant, or such person. or persons as shall b shown to be entitled to tie same. And if, upon the taking of said account, it shall be found that any balance is due from the estate of the said Edward Livingston, deceased, to the defendants, itis hereby further ordered, adjudged, and decreed, that on paying or tendering to the defendant the said balance, he shall deliver up the possession, an&y reconvey to the person or persons who shall appear to be entitled to the same, the property so pledged, to secure the aforesaid loan. And it is further ordered, adjudged, and decreed, that in case a balance shall be' found due to the defendant, and shall not be paid within six months after", 4Tnal decree of the district court, then the said property shall be sold at such time and on such notice as the said court shall direct; and that the proceeds be first applied to the payment of the balance due the defendant, and the residue thereof be paid to the complainant

NOTE. Mr. Chief Justice T.ANry, having been counsel in this cause, did not-sit in the same.

JANUARY TERM5 1837.
JOHN BUIScOE AND OTHERS V. THE PRESIDENT AID DIRECT6RS OF THE tANK OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY.
On the 29th of November, 1820, the legislature of Kentucky passed an act, establishing a bank, by the name of. : The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky." The first section of the act, declares the bank shall be e.-tablished "in the name and behalf of the Commonwealth of Kentucky;" under the direction of a president and twelve directors, to be chosen by the legislature. The second section enacts, that the president and directors shall be a corporation, capable of suing, and being sued, and of purchasing, and selling every description of property. The third section declares the bank to be, exclusively, the property of the commonwealth. The fourth section authorizes the issuing of notes: and the fifth declares the capital to be two millions of dollars; to be paid by all moneys afterwards paid- into the treasury for the vacant lands of the state, and so much of the capital stock as was owned by the state in the Bank of Kentucky; and as the treasurer of the state received those moneys, he was required to pay theih into the bank. The bank had authority to receive money on deposite, to make loans on good personal security, or on mortgige; and was prohilifited increasing its debts beyond its capital. Limitations were imposed on loans, and the accommodations of the bank were apportioned among the diffierent counties of the state. The bank was, by a subsequent act, authorized to issue three millions of dollars; and the dividends of the bank were to be paid to the treasurer of the state. The notes of the bank were issued in the common form of bank notes; in which the bank promised to pay to the bearer on demand, the sum stated on the face of the note. The pleadings excluded the Court from considering that any part of the capital bad been paid by the state; but in the argument of the case, it was stated, and not denied, that all the notes which had been'issued, and payment of which had been demanded, had been redeemed by the ban',. By an act o' the legislature of Kentucky, it was required that the notes of the bank should be received on all executions by plaintiffs, and if they failed to endorse on such execution, that they would be so received, further proceedings on the judgment were delayed for two years. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky instituted a suit against the-plaintiffs in error, on -1promissory note for which the notes of the bank had been.given, as a loan, tothe drawers of the note. The defendants in the suit claimed that the note given by them was void, as the"same was given for the notes of the bank, which were " bills of credit" issued by the state of Kentucky; against the provisions of the constitution of the United States, which prohibits the issuing of " bills of credit" by the states of the United States: and that the act of the legislature of Kentucky, which established the bank, was unconstitutional and void.By the Court.-The at incorporating the Bank *ofthe Commonwealth of Ken. tucky, was a constitutional exercise of power, by the state of Kentucky; and the notes issued by the bank are not bills of credit, within the meaning of the constitution of the United States.
The definition of the terms "bills of credit," as used in the constitution-of the' United States, if not impracticable, will be found a work of no small diffiulty.
VOL. XI.-2 K

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.] The terms bills of credit, in their mercantile sense, comprehend a great variety of
evidences of debt, which circulate in a commercial country. In the early history of banks, it seems their notes were generally denominated "bills of credit ;" but in modern times they have lost that designation, and are now called either bank bills, or bank notes. But the inhibitions of the constitution apply to bills of credit, in a limited sense. Description of the bills of credit which were issued in the early history of the colonies, afterwards, the United States of America. The case of Craig v. The State of Missouri, 4 Peters, 410, cited. The definition of a bill of credit, which includes all classes of bills of credit emitted by the colonies and states, is a paper issued by the sovereign power, containing a pledge of its faith, and designed to circulate as money. If the legislature of a state attempt tc make the notes of any bank a tender, the act will be unconstitutional; but such attempt could not affect, in any degree, the constitutionality of the bank. The act which related to the receiving the notes of the Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, was not connected with the charter.
The federal government is-ohe of delegated powers: all powers not delegated to it, or inhibited to the states, are reserved to the states or to the people.
A state cannot emit bills of credit, or in other words, it cannot issue that description of paper to answer the purposes of money, which was denominated before the adoption of the constitution, bills of credit. But a state may grant acts of incorporation for the attainment of these objects, which are essential to the interests of society. This power is incident to sovereignty; and there is no limitation on its exercise by the states, in respect to the incorporation of banks, in the federal constitution.
At the time of the adoption of the constitution, the "1Bank of North America," and "the Massachusetts Bank," and some others, were in operation. It cannot therefore be supposed that the notes of these banks were intended to be inhibited by the constitution, or that they were considered as "bills of credit," within the meaning of that instrument. In rr ny of their most distinguishing characteristics, they were essentially different from bills of credit, in any one of the various forms in which they were issued. If then the powers not delegated to the federal govern. ment, nor denied to the states, are retained by the states or the people; and by a fair construction of the terms "1bills of credit," as used in the constitution, they do not in Jude ordinary bank notes; it follows, that the powers to incorporate banks to issue these notes may be exercised by a state.
A uniform course of action, involving the right to the exercise of an important power by the state government for half a century, and this almost without question; is no unsatisfactory evidence that the power is rightfully exercised.
A etate cannot do that, which the federal constitution declares it zhall not do. It cannot " coin money." Here is n act inhibited in terms so precise, that they cannot be mistaken. They are susceptible but of one construction. And it is certain that a state cannot incorporate any number of individuals, and adthorize them to coin money. Such an act would be as much a violation of the constitution, as if money were coined by an officer of the state'under its authority. The act being prohibited, cannot be done by a state, directly or indirectly. The same rule applies to bills of credit issued by a state.
To constitute a bill of credit within the constitution, it must be issued by a state, on the faith of the state, and designed to circulate as money. It must be a paper which circulates on the credit of the state; and so received and used in the ordinary

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

259

[Brisecoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.] business of life. The individual or committee who. issue it, must have power to bind 'the state; they must act as agents, and of course not incur any 'ersonal responsibility, nor impart, as individuals, any credit to the paper. These dre the leading characteristics of a bill of credit, which a state cannot emit. The notes issued by the Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky have not these characteristics. When a stae emits bills of credit, the amount to be issued is fixed by law; as also the fund out of which they are to be paid, if any fund be pledged for their redemption: and they are issued on the credit of the state, which.in some form appears upon the face of the notes, or by the signature of the person who issues them. No sovereign ftate is liable to be sued without her consent. Under the articles of confederation, a state could be sued only in cases of boundary. It is believed that there is no case where a suit has been brought, at any time, on a bill 'of credit against a state; and, t is certain that no suit could. have been maintained on this ground, prior to the constitution. The case of Craig v. The State of Missouri, 4 Peters, 410, is not authority to sustain the claim that the notes of the Bank of the Commonwealth were bills of credit. The decisions in that case applied to obligations of an entirely different cha-
racter.
There is no principle decided by this Court,'in the case of Craig v. The State of Missouri, which at all conflicts with the views presented by the Court ia this case. Indeed the views of the Court are sustained and strengthened, by contrasting the present case with that.
The case of the Bank of the United States v. The Planters Bank of Ge.ogia, 9 Wheat. 904, cited.
The case of the Bank of the Commonwealth v. Wister and others, 2 Peters, 315, cited.

IN error to the court of appeals of the state of Kentucky.
In the Mercer circuit court of the state or Kentucky, the president and directors of the Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, on the 15th of April, 1831, filed a petition of debt, stating, that they hold a note upon the defendants, George H. Briscoe, Abraham Fulkerson, Mason Vannoy, and John Briscoe, in substance as follows, to wit: "2,048 dollars 37 cents. One hundred and twenty days after date, we jointly and severally promise to pay the president and directors of the Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, or order, 2,048 dollars 37 cents, negotiable and payable at the branch bank at I-Iarrodsburg, for value received. Witness our hands, this 1st of February, 1830.
"G. H. BRISCOE, A. FULKERSON, MASON VANNOY, JOHN BRISCOE."

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoe-v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.] The defendants appeared and filed the following pleas: "1The defendants, after craving oyer of the note, and the same being read to them,,say, that the note was executed on no other or further consideration than that ot another note which had been previously executed by them to the plaintiffs, for a certain sum, negotiable and payable at the branch of the said bank at Harrodsburg, and that the rIote so previously executed, was executed by them in no other or further consideration than that of the renewal of another note of the like tenor; and the defendants aver, that previous to the time of executing the note last mentioned, the legislature of the common-wealth of Kentucky, in the' name and on behalf of the said commonwealth, by an act which passed on the 29th of November, 1820, established a bank, the eqpital stock of which was declared to be g,ooo,ooo dolla.s,.which said capital stock the said bank never received, or any part thereof, as these defendants aver; that by the provisiong of said'act, the president and diredtors of the said bank and their successors in office,.were declared and made a corporation and body politic, in law and fact, by the name and style of "The President and Directors of the Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentuckyi" that, also, by said act the president and directors of the said bank were illegally, and contrary to the provisions of the constitutioii of the United States, empowered and authorized, for ard on behalf of the said commonwealth, and upon her credit, to make bills of credit, to wit:- bills or notes to an amount not exceeding 2,000,000 dollars, signed by the .president and countersigned by the principal cashier, promising the payment of money to any person or persons, his, her, or their order or to the -bearer: and the said bills or notes were so, made illegallr, in violation of the said constitution, to emit, issue, ai circulate through the community, for its ordinary purposes, as money; that under the authority of the said act of the legislature, and in violation of the said constitution of the. United States, the said president and directors had, before the date of the note last aforesaid, for and on behalf of the commonwealth, and on her credit, made various bills of credit, to wit: notes of various denbminations, in amount from one to one hundred dollars, signed by the president of the said bank, and countersigned by the principal cashier, promising 'therein and thereby to pay the person in each note mentioned, or bearer, on demand, the amount therein mentioned in money, and were transferable on delivery; and that for the purpose of circurating said notes through the community for its ordinary purposes

JANUARY .TERM, 1837.

[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]

as money, the legislature of the said commonwealth, by an act

passed on the 25th of December, in the year 1820, had, amongst

other things, provided and declared, in substance, that upon all exe-

cutions of fieri facias which should be thereafter issued from any of

the courts of the said commonwealth, endorsed, that notes on the

Bank of Kentucky or its branches, or notes on the Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky or its branches, -'might, by the oficer

holding such execution, be received from the defendant in discharge

thereof." Such executions, so endorsed, should only be replevied

and delayed in their collection for the space of three months; but

that all executions of fieri facias, which should thereafter be issued

from any of the courts of the said commonwealth, without any en-'

dorsement for the reception of notes on the Bank of Kentucky or

its branches, or notes on the Bank of the Commonwealth of Ken-

tucky or its branches, should be replevied.and delayed in its collec-

tion for the space of two years, or, if not so replevied, that property

levied upon under the same should be sold upon a credit of two years.

The said president and directors for the like purpbse, and with

the like intent, afterwards, to wit, on the

day of

, (that

being the date of the note executed by the idefendants last above-

mentioned,) did, for and on behalf of the said commonwealth, for

her benefit, and on her credit, illegally, and contrary to the said con-

stitution of the United States, emit and issue the notes or bills of

credit so made as aforesaid by the president and directors of said

bank, to the amount of 2048 dollars 37 cents, by loaning at interest,

and delivering the same to'the defendant Briscoe. And the defend-

ants in fact aver that the only consideration for which the note last

abovementioned was executed by them, was the emission and loaLi

of the said bills of credit, so made and issued as aforesaid to said

Briscoe by the plaintiffs, who are the president and directors of the

bank aforesaid, whereof they say that the consideration of the said

last, Abovementioned note, executed by them, was illegal, invalid, and

in violation of the constitution of the United State.7dnd that each

of the notes thereafter executed by them as aforesaid, by way of re-

newal as aforesaid,'of the said last abovementioned note, was also

founded upon the illegal, invalid, and insufficient consideration afore-

said, and none other; and this they are ready to verify and proveN

wherefore'they pray judgment, &c.

And the defendants, for further plea in this behalf, say, that the

plaintiffs, their action ,aforesaid against them ought not to have and

262

SUPREME COURT.

[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
maintain, because they say that the only consideration for which the note in the'petition mentioned was executed, was the renewal of a note whith had been previously executed by them to the plaintiffs for the sum of 2048 dollars 37 cents, negotiable and payable at the branch of the Bank of the Conmonwealth of Kentucky, located at
Harrodsburg.. -And they aver that, previous to the date of the note .so rediewed as'aforesaid, the plaintiffs, under the provisions, and by the authority of the act of the legislature of the commonwealth of Kentucky, establishing the Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, approved the 29th day of March-, 1820, and contrary to that provi-sion of the constitution of the United States which inhibits any state from emitting bills of credit, had, on behalf of the said commonwealth, and upon her credit, made various bills of credit, signed by the president of said Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, and countersigned by the principal cashier therein; and thereby promising to pay to the person in each of said bills mentioned, or bearer, on demand, the respective amounts in each of said bills expressed, in money; and the sai& bills so made and signed by the said president and cashier, the plaintiffs, afterwards, to wit: on the day of the date of the note last aforesaid, for the purpose of circulating the"said bills of credit, so as aforesaid made, through the community as money, did, for and on behalf of the said commonwealth, and for her benefit, and uipon her credit, illegally, and contrary to the aforesaid provisions in the constitution of the United States, emit and issue said bills of credit so made as aforesaid, to the amount of 2048 dollas 37 cents, of the said bills, by loaning and dblivering the same to the defendant, Briscoe, at interest, reserved and secured upon said loan, for the benefit of the said commonwealth, at the rate of six per centum per annum upon the amount aforesaid; and the defendants, in fact, aver that the only consideration for which the note last abovementioned was executed by them, was the emission and loan of the said bills of credit, so issued as aforesaid, by the plaintiffs to the defendant, Briscoe. And so they say the consideration of the said last mentioned note was illegal, invalid, and in violation of the constitution of the United States; and that the .consideration of the note sued on, executed by these defendants in renewal of the said last mentioned note as aforesaid, is likewise illegal, invalid, and contrary to the constitution of the United States; and this they are ready to verify and prove: wherefore they pray judgment, &c.
To these pleas the plaintiffs demurred, and the defendants Joined

JANUARY-TERM, 1837.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
in the demurrer. The circuit court of Mercer county gave judgment for the plaintiffs; and the defendants appealed to the court of appeals of Kentucky.
In the court of appeals, the following errors were assigned by the appellants.
1. The court erred in sustaining the demurrer of the defendant in error, to the first plea of the plaintiffs in error.
2. The court erred in sustaining the demurrer to the second plea. 3. The decision of the court upon each demurrer, as well as in rendering final judgment against plaintiffs in error, is erroneous and illegal. On the 5th day of May, 1832, the court of appeals affirmed the judgment of the circuit court. That court delivered the following opinion:" We are called upon in this case to readjudicate the question of the constitutionality of the bank of the Commonwealth; and its fight to maintain an action upon an obligation given in consideration of a loan of its notes. We consider this question as having been settled in the case of Lampton against the Bank, 2d Litt. 300. If it be true, as contended in argument on behalf of the appellants, that the question is presented on the face of the charter, that case has been incidentally recognised and confirmed by an hundred cases that have since passed through this court." "The case of Craig v. Missouri, 4 Peters, has been relied on as ruling this. We do not think that it does. They are distinguishable in at least one important and essential particular."
The appellants prosecuted this writ of error.
The case was argued by Mr. White and Mr, Southard, for the appellants; and by B. Hardin and Mr. Clay, for the appellees.
Mr. White for the plaintiffs in error. The suit is brought on an instrument, alleged to be void, as the consideration given for it was a currency prohibited by the- constitution of the United States. It was given for the notes of th6 Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky; and the question which is presented by the record, and which is now to be decided by this Court is, whether the law of the state of Kentucky establishing the bank, was not a violation of the provision in the constitution of the United

SUPRtME COURT.
[Brisceoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
States, which prohibits the states of the United States from issuing "bills of credit."
The case is one of great importance, and the decision of this Court upon it, is looked for with deep solicitude. It was before the Cou'rt at a former term, and was then argued at large. The Court directed a re-argument.
The facts on which the plaintiffs in error rely, are fully established by the pleadings. The pleas in the court of Mercer county, state the nature of the institution established by the act of incorporation; and that it had no funds provided for the payment of the notes issued by it; and that the funds provided by the la'w were never paid to the bank. The plaintiffs demurred generally; and thus the facts stat( 1 in the pleas, are admitted.
The unconstitutionality of the law is stated in the pleas, and the court of appeals of Kentucky decided on the question thus presented; the case is then fully within the provisions of the 25th section of the judiciary act of 1789.
It will be proper to establish the jurisdiction of. the case, before proceeding to the other matters involved in it.
The plaintiffs assert, that the charter of the bank is a violation of the constitution of the United States. It is the exercise of a claim by the state of Kentucky to establish a corporation; vhich, for the uses of the state, and for its exclusive benefit and profit, has the authority, by its charter, to issue bank notes, and to circulate them as money. This the plaintiffs in error asserted, in the court in which the sdit was brought against them, and in the court of appeals, was issuing bills of credit by the state, and in direct conflict with the prohibition of the constitution.
The repugnancy of the charter, a law of the state, to the constitution, was alleged, and the decision was .against the allegation. The courts of Kentucky, the plaintiffs in error say,.misconstrued the constitution by the decision. The court of appeals expressly say, they are called upon to adjudicate on the constitutionality to the law; meaning, certainly, the constitutionality of the law, as it was alleged to' be in opposition to the constitution of the United States.
All the decisions of this Court on the question of jurisdiction, sustain the right of the court to decide on the questions brought up by this writ of error. These decisions were carefully reviewed at the last term, in the case of Croi4ell v. Randal, 10 Peters; a reference to that case, is sufficient to sustain the jurisdiction now asserted.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the.Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
Upon the question, whether this Court has decided that a corporation, such as that which is the defendant in error, in this case, can have a constitutional existence, for the purposes for which it was enacted, has not been aecided; it is submitted that no such decision has been made. The case of the Planter's Badk of Georgia, 9 Wheat. 304; 5 Cond. Rep. 794; contains no such decision. In that case, the state of Georgia had but a part of the stock of. the bank; the bank had an actual capital, and was conducted for the benefit of the whole stockholders. This Court held, that a state might become a st6ckholder, with other stockhi6lders in the institution; and that by so doing, the bank did -not become exempt from suits, on the suggestion that the suit was against the state of Georgia. Nor did the decision of the case of Wister against the same defendants as in this ease, determine that the Bank of the Commonwealth was a con-titutional body, because the court sustained a suit'against the bank. The charter provides that the bank may sue, and may be sued. The action of the court in that case, was in harmony with the law. If the state of Kentucky was, as she certainly was, and now is, the only party interested in the bank; yet a suit authorized by her own law could be brought against the bank. The bank has, by its charter, a right to take mortgages for debts due by it; and under a judgment against it, those mortgages might be made subject to an exeCution or a judgment obtained against the bank. The process of execution would not, and need not go'hgainst the state.
The question of the constitutionality of the bank, and of the right it had under the act establishing it to issue the bills, for which the note upon which this suit was given, is now first presented to the Court. While it is asserted that the decision of this Court, in the case of Craig v. The State of Misgouri, 4 Peters, 439, will in all respects sustain the position taken by the plaintiffs in error, that the notes of the Commonwealth Bank are bills of credit; it is admitted that in that case, the bills of credit issued hy the state o" Missouri, were different from those issued by the defendants. The obligations of the state of Missouri bore interest; a circumstance to which great importance was" assigned by Mr. ustice Thompson, who delivered a dissenting opinion in that case.
The Commonwealth Bank of Kentucky was established in 1820, during a period of great pecuniary "distress;.for which it vvas, by those who created it, expected to afford relief. While it was declared to be founded on funds provided for it-or assigned to it by the
VOL. XI.-2 L

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
state, none were delivered to it. The act declared that certain lands might be paid for by the notes of the, bank; it directcd the property which the state held in another bank, then in great embarrassment, and which had suspended payment, should be paid to the bank of the commonwealth; but the bank of the commonwealth had no control over the land, and the property of the state in the old Bank of Kentucky, was never made a- ailable to the business of the new bank. Thus the bank had no funds, and all the officers were appointed by the state. They were the agents of the state, to conduct the business of the bank, for the benefit of the state. Its capital was, nominally, two millions of dollars; and notes purporting a promise to pay certain sums, were issued and put in circulation, in the form of loans; the state having the profit of the interest.charged on the loans. As no funds were in possession of the bank, these notes were'taken on the faith and on the credit of the state; exclusiveily, and only.
The intervention of a corporation, by which the notes were issued, did not affect the character of the transaction. If they had been put into circulation by a state officer, it would not be denied that the state issued them; but there is no substantial or valid difference between such a mode of managing the issues, and that adopted by chartering the bank. The notes were in fact made a tender. The law of Kentucky obliged the plaintiff in an execution, to receive them in satisfaction of his judgment, or to submit to a deferred result of his procee lings against his debtor. The property of the defendant was to be taken at an appraisement, or it.could not be sold for a considerable period, if the notes of the Bank of the Commonwealth were refused,.when tendered in satisfaction of the debt.
Thus the notes of the Commonwealth Bank were in all respects the same, in substance, as they were in form, "bills of credit;" prohibited by the constitution of the United States.
The promise to pay, was the promise of the state of Kentucky, by its agent the president and cashier of the bank; the notes or bills were circulated as money, and they might also, in effect, be made a tender in'some cases. It is not essential that the notes should be a tender to make them bills of e'edit. The Court are referred to the 44th number of the Federalist, for the views of Mr. Madison, as to "thenature of the constitutional provision against the issue of bills of credit; and as to the construction of the provision in the constitution. Bills of credit and paper money are synonymous. The abuse of paper money during the difficulties of the revolutionary war, and the

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

267

[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
ruin which its extravagant issue produced, were the causes of the constitutional prohibition.
It is not intended to place the charters of banks, derived from state laws, having a capital furnished by the stockholders, or the notes of such banks, in question, in this case. They may rest in safety on other principles; and the practical construction, given by the states of the Union to the provision of the constitution which is under examination i:n this case, may put all questions of the validity of such charters at rest.
What is a bill of credit within the meaning of the constitution? Our courts seem to have considered the interpretation of these terms a matter of some difficulty. "The term 'bill of cuedit' seldom occurs in the books," says judge Huger; in delivering the opinion of the constitutional court of South Carolina, in the case of James Billis v. The State, January term, 1822, 2 M'Cord, p. 15: and the learned judge adds: "but when.used, it is always synonymous with letter of credit, and this appears to be its only technical signification." In the case of Craig v. Missouri, 4 Peters, 442, the late distinguished and lamented associate of this Court, Mr. Justice Johnson, says: "The terms ' bills of credit' are in themselves vague and general, and at the present day almost dismissed from our language." In the same case, Mr. Justice Thompson says: "the precise meaning and interpretation of the terms ' bills of credit,' has no where been settled; or, if it has, it has not fallen within my knowledge." 4 Peters, 447. Mr. Justice M'Lean declares, "it will be found somewhat difficult to give a satisfactory definition of 'a bill of credit.' 'y p. 452. It would be the height of presumption, in the face of such authorities, to say there is no difficulty; nevertheless, we may entertain a strong conviction that the terms have a clear and precise meaning. It is evident that the meanirig of the tirm.used in our own constitution, is most naturally to be sought for, first, in our own history. Yet, on the arguments of the question heretofore, only two historical references have been made. We propose to submit ieferences from the history of each state; not merely to show what "bills of credit" were, but what evils resulted from them. The past mischief is an essential part of the interpretation of the future remedy. By learning what and whence

SUPItEME COURT.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
the country suffered, we shall learn what the convention intended to prevent.
Mr. White, submitting to the court a printed argument on the part of the plaintiffs, prepared by Mr. Wilde and himself, after the former arguments of the case; went into a particular examination of.the proceedings of the different colonies, afterwards the states of the United States in relation to the issuing of bills of credit, or obligations for the payment of money, for the use of the several colonies and states: citing from the legislative acts, and from historical works, the provisions of the laws on the subject, and the actions of the governments of those states in reference to such measures. t was shown by these references, that Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, had resorted to measures to supply a temporary, and sometimes a long continued currency, by issuing "bills of credit," "paper bills of credit," "paper bills, called bank bills."
Nor was the issuing of bills of credit, before the adoption of the constitution, confined to the issues of states: but the term was employed to designate the paper money emitted by congress. The resolutions of congress authorizing the different emissions, were cited from the journals of congress. The issues commenced on the 22d June, 1776, and they exceeded four hundred and fifty millions of -dollars. They ceased to circulate as money, on the 31st May, 1781; although afterwards bought on speculation, at various prices, from four hundred dollars'in taper for one dollar, in specie, up to one thousand for one.
On the 18th September3 1786, congress resolved that no payments of requisitions on the states should be received in bills of credit, or in any thing but specie. They also resolved that bills of credit should not be received for postage, and that postage- should be paid on the letters when put into the office. 4 Vol. Journ. of Con. 698, 699.
The effects of this systdm of paper money were ruinous to the whole community. Specie was driven out of circulation, and all Property was placed in confusion, and great deterioration in value. The common intercourse of business was suspended, 6r carried on with distrust and suspicion. Bar ex was introduced, and the impediments to all transactions of exelinrige, became almost ipsuperable.
It is contefided, that bank bills and bils of credit are, in every. important particular, substantially and essentially the same.

-JANUARY TERM, 1837.

269

[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
Mr. White then proceeded to examine the different colonial and state laws, for the emission of bills of credit; asking the Court, before he same was made, to note the material points of distinction supposed to exist between bank bills and bills of credit. He said they
were, 1. Bank bills are not issued directly by the state. 2. They are
not issued on the mere credit of the state. 3. A certain fund is pledged for their redemption. 4. They are not legal tender. 5. They are payable in specie.
The Court are to remark the character of tlb bills provided for by the different acts intended to be cited. Jn reference, especially, to those points of supposed distinction, it will be found,
1st. That the bills of credit were issued no more directly by the state, than the bills of the Commonwealth's Bank of Kentucky.
2d. That the bills of credit were very frequently not a legal tender.
3d. That the bills of credit were sometimes payable (nominally) in specie.
4th. That the bills of credit were rarely issued on the mere credit of the state.
5th. And that, almost always, a certain fund Was pledged for their redemption.
If the Court, by this scrutiny, find such distinctions disappear; as no others have been taken, it will result that, essentially and substantially, the bills of the Commonwealth's Bank of Kentucky anc bills of credit, are the same. And by making it in reference to each act as it is read, the trouble of instituting a comparison of each law on each point, afterwards, will be spared both to the Court and counsel.
Mr. White then cited the various acts of the several states, providing for the issuing of such "paper money," "obligations," "bills of credit," or "bank bills," and "notes," and "treasury notes."
if it be contended, then, he said, that the notes of the Commonwealth's Bank of Kentucky are not bills of credit, because they are not issued or emitted directly by a state, we answer:
1st. That in every instance the anti-revolutionary bills of credit were prepared, signed, and issued by a committee, commissioners,
or trustees. 2d. That as a state can act only through her agents, it follows, that
what she does tbrougii her agents she does herself. 3d. We avail ourselves of the forcible expressions of one bf the

SUPREME COURT.
EBriscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
learned judges of the Court, in the case of Craig and others v. Missouri, (Mr. Justice Johnson,) who, though dissenting from the judgment of the Court in that case, on other points, was in our favour on this.
"The instrument (the constitution) is a dead letter, unless its effect be to invalidate every act done by the states in violation of the constitution of the United States. And as the universal modus operandi by free states, must be through their legislature, it follows that the laws under which any act is done, importing a violation of the constitution, must be a dead letter. The language of the constitution is, ' no state shall emit bills of credit;', and this, if it means any thing, must mean that no state shall pass a law which has for its object an emission of bills of credit.
"It follows, that when the officers of a state undertake to act upon such a law, they act without authority; and that the contracts entered into, direct or-incidental, to such their illegal proceedings, are mere nullities."
"This leads to the main question: 'Was this an emission of bills of credit, in the sense of the constitution?' And here the difficulty which presents itself, is to determine whether it was a loan, or an emission of paper money; or perhaps whether it was an emission of paper money, under the disguise of a loan." "There cannot be a doubt that this latter view of the subject must always be examined; for that which it is not permitted to do directly cannot be legalized by any change of names or forms. Acts done in fraudem legis, are acts 'in violation of law."' 4 Peters, 441.
It cannot, we presume, be doubted, that the constitution was intended to prohibit all those paper substitutes for money, whatever were their particular forms or shades of difference, which had, before that time, gone by the general name of bills of credit. It intended to make this a hard money government; perhaps entirely so; certainly as far as the states were concerned. If, by omitting some, and inserting others of the forms, peculiarities, properties, or attributes of the different bills of credit issued before the adoption of the constitution, one could be formed dissimilar in many important particulars from any which had ever yet been issued; we humbly contend, notwithstanding such variation, it would still be a bill of credit, within the meaning of the constitution. May we not ask, then, in what essential particular do the bills of the Commonwealth's Bank differ from the anti-revolutionary bills of credit?

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

271

[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.] The latter were issued or "4emitted," to answer the purposes of money; a circulating medium, a measure of value, and an instrument of exchange. So were the former. Do the bills of credit pledge a particular fund for their payment? So do the Commonwealth's Bank. The bills of credit were receivable in all debts due the public. So were the notes of the Commonwealth's Bank. The bills of credit were sometimes, though not always, a legal tender. The bills of the Commonwealth's Bank were a qualified tender. If the plaintiff did not receive them, his execution was stayed. The bill of credit were issued through the instrumentality of agents, for the benefit of the colony. The bills of the Bank of the Commonwealth were issued by agents, appointed by the state, for the benefit of the state. Upon the term "emitted" there cannot, in this case, be raised a question. With respect to a loan office certificate, which might, perhaps, be bona fide given upon an actual loan, as the authentic evidence of the creditors' right, and of the state's obligation; a question might be raised, whether such an instrument could be said to be "emitted," as a bill of credit- is emitted, that is, to act as a substitute for, and perform the functions of money. But that the bills of the Commonwealth's Bank were so intended, does not admit of a doubt. It is so expressed in the preamble. If it be contended, as by the constitutional court of South Carolina, that this is not a bill of credit, because a particular fund is pledged and set apart for the redemption of the bills, we answer: 1st. These funds are the revenues of the state; the pledge is the faith of the state. These resolve themselves at last into the credit of the state. Credit is given to her, because of her faith"and revenue. If she break her faith, or squanders her revenue, she loses her credit. 2d. Almost all the anti-revolutionary hills of credit had funds pledged for their redemption. Landb or taxes were always set apart, as a sinking fund. Yet the bills of credit, so secured, were found as mischievous as the rest, and in the constitution there is no exception the denunciation is general as to all bills of credit. The other distinctions taken at different times are: That these are not to be considered bills of credit, because they are redeemable on

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Cgmmonwealth of Kentucky.]
demand. The term of the credit cannot make a difference,-whether it be a day, ten days, or a year. The promise to pay is the essence of the contract. It is the promise which obtains credit, and credit is given to the promise.
The bills of credit issued by many of the colonies before the revolution, were, in fact, payable on "demand." They admitted the debt to be due by the colony. The bill was to be as money, to the ainount of its contents, and to be accepted in payment, &c. &c.
Vide forms of these bills in the Laws of Connecticut, 1709, S Anne, p. 145. Laws of Rhode Island, 1710, 9 Anne, p. 60. Laws of Massachusetts, 1702, 1 Anne, p. 171. Laws of Pennsylvania, 1709, 8 Anne, pp. 230, -231.
We have now shown that, substantially and essentially, bills of credit and bank bills area the same. We have shown that all the supposed distinctions are fallacious:
That bank bills are issued by agents of a state, end bills of credit were issued by agents of the states, which can never act but by agents; and the only difference is, that the agents are called by different names.
That the bills of credit were not always a legal tender; that they were not issued on the mere credit of the state; that they had almost always a'fund to support them; and that they were frequently payable in specie.
The prohibition in the constitution was intended to secure the future against the evils of the past. The remedy was intended to be coextensive with the m-schief. It was intended to reach not names merely, but things also.
The object was not merely to prohibit those particular kinds of paper currency, which had heretofore been issued or emitted by the colonies, or states; but every thing which, up to that time, had borne the name, or which should thereafter possess the character, assume the place, and be within the principle and rdischief of bills of credit.
Still it is contended, the terms are -not idenfical: it is said we. have not shown that bank bills and bills of credits have ever been used as synonymous or convertible terms. We have shown that the things are not the same.
But it is insisted that the names are different. It will be snown
then, that there is no difference even in name; that bank 'bills and bills of credit are, or at least were, once synonymotis. The requisition is somewhat hard, but we will attempt it

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

273

[Briscce v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.] Bank bills are bills of credit. It is not necessary that on the face of the note it shall be called a bill of credit. In its form, it is a promissory note. The paper money before the adoption of the constitution, was not on its face called a bill of credit, it was in various terms, promises to pay money; but in all the legistative acts creating them, they are *called bills of credit. It is -demonstrated, therefore, that, in order to make a particular instrument. a bill of credit, it need not be so denominated on its face. But the bank bill is, in form, a promissory note. Where do you find promissory notes called "bills of credit?' Promissory notes and bills of exchange, or negotiable paper generally, as it appears from Malyne; were originally called bills of debt, or bills obligatory. They were called bills, though, from the form given, it- is evident they were notes. They were denominated bills of debt, as being evidence of indebtedness. But, subsequently, either because they were not always evidence of debt, but were generally on time, they came to be called bills of credit. They were also called bills obligatory; though it is apparent, from the form and context, that they were not sealed. Indeed, the seal belonged to the common law, rather than the law-merchant. Its use was for those who could not write; which merchants usually could do, though barons could not. The constitutional court of South Carolina, -then, are mistaken
when they say "the term 'bill of credit' seldom occurs in the bonds, but when used, is always synonymous with letter of credit; and this appears to be its only technical signification." 2 M'Cord, 15.
Some old books do, indeed, .give the form of a letter credit, which they call a bill of credit. Postlethwaite's Diet. tit. Bill of Credit, 4 Comyn's Dig. tit. Merchant, F. 3. But ialyne gives a similar form, and calls it,*what it has always since been called--a letter of credit,. not a bill; while the term "bill of credit" might, with the least industry, have been found by the constitutional bourt in a hundred places. M'Pherson's Annals of Commerce, vol. 3, p. 61-2, in the library of Congress. "This year, 1683, Di. Hugh Chamberlain, a physician, and one Robert Murray, both great projectors, made a mighty stir with their scheme of a bank, for circulating bills of credit on merchandise .to be pawned therein, and for lending money to the industrious poor, on pawns, at six per cent. interest; yet it came to nothihg."
-Mr.White referred to a number of authorities in mdrcantile treaVOL. XI.-2 M

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
tises, and historical, and other works; to show the origin of bills of credit. Many of these treated of bank bills, bills of exchange, promissory notes, bills obligatory, and instruments of that description, "as bills of credit." They were substituted for specie for convenience, and often to supply a deficiency of specie. Proceeding i the argument, he said:-
By this time, it appears to us, we have gone far towards showing that bank bills are not merely, substantially and essentially bills of credit; but that they are identically the same. Bills of credit is the old name for bank bills. The longer name has worn out of use, from a philosophical principle in language, which seeks conciseness, perpetually. Men of business never use three words, habitually, when the same thing can be expressed by two.
Our proofs, however, are not exhausted. Let us interrogate the banks themselves. What are their bills called in those charters, from whence they derive the right to issue them?
The 28th section of the first charter of the Bank of England, 5 and 6 William and Mary, ch. 20, sec. 28, speaks of the paper to be circulated by the bank, as "bills obligatory, or of credit." The charter of the Bank of Pennsylvania of 1793, uses the same terms. In the charter of "the New Jersey Manufacturing Company," granted in 1823, the terms "obligatory, or of credit," are used. In the charter of the Bank of Virginia, 2 Revised Code, 73, sec. 13, "bills obligatory, or of credit," are mentioned. So, also, the same terms are employed in charters of banks in North, and in South Carolina. The terms, " bills obligatory, or of credit," are employed in the charter of the Bank of Augusta, granted by Georgia; Prince's Dig. 32. So, also, in the charter of "the Planter's Bank," Prince's Dig. 39; and in that of "The State Bank," Prince's Dig. 43; the terms are used in reference to the paper issues of those institutions.
If it is contended that these terms refer to bills under the seal of the banks, and to letters of credit given by them; the; answer is obvious. There are no other clauses in their charters which can be tortured into an authority to issue bills at all. If "bills obligatory and of credit" do not signify bank notes, the banks have been issuing notes without any authority whatever.
Judicial decisions have treated the notes for the payment of money as bills of credit; '2M'Cord, 16, 17,18; Craig v. The State of Mis souri, 4 Peters, 425.
With respect to the third point of the appellees-that the bank

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.] may be unconstitutional, and yet the appellants bound to pay their note:
The answer is obvious. A contract made contrary to law is an act, in fraudem legis. It is consequently void, and will nevdr be enforced in the courts of that country whose laws are attempted to be evaded. This principle is so well settled, as to be stored away ainong the established maxims of jurisprudence.
The case of Hannay and Eve, in 3 Cranch, 247, is as strong a one as can be well imagined. Craig v. Missouri, only follows up that decision. 4 Peters, 425.
Mr. B. Hardin, for the defendants in error, stated, that he was present when the law was passed by the legislature of Kentucky; and although he did not approve of it, he was a Witness to all that took place at the time of its enactment.
There had been large importations of goods into the United States, after the late war with Great Britain; and many persons in Kentucky had become embarrassed, by having made large purchases of those goods. In this state of things,.remedies and expedients were resorted to, which, like all quack medicines, failed in their effects; and left the disease where they found it, or in a worse condition. It has been said, that the old colonial laws which provided for the issuing of a paper currency, were resorted to by those who drew the law establishing this bank. This, most probably, was not the fact. The framers of the law intended to provide for the issuing of paper by the bank; and they used language which would carry their object into effect. They did not know of those. laws; certainly the, did not resort to them. The purpose of the legislature, in establishing the bank, was to give to it a substantial capital, competent to discharge all the liabilities it might assume; a capital qs sufficient as could be provided for any institution for banking purposes. By the ultimate redemption of all of the paper of the bank, the sufficiency of the capital was proved. This is fully shown by the provisions of the seventeenth section of the law. The lands of the state east of the Tennessee river, a large and a valuable body, which, by the agreed line between the state of Kentucky and Tennessee, amounted to about two millions of acres, and also other lands of great value, owned by the state; were made liable for the notes of the bank. In money, these lands were worth from five to six millions of dollars. All the interest the state had in the old Bank of Kentucky, was pledged, by,

;276

SUPREME COURT.

[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
the law, for the redemption of the obligations of the bank. The amount of paper allowed to be issued was not equal to that permitted to other banks, in proportion to the security given for such issues. The objection to a want of capital of this bank is, therefore, without foundation; for an equAl capital, or property equal in amount as a security for the operations of the institution, has not, in any instance, been exceeded.
It is said the paper of the bank fell below par. This is not in the record; and if that fact should be allowed to have an influence, other matters should be introduced. The value of the notes was diminished by the conduct of the borrowers of the bank; who had used them at par for their private purposes, and who had used them for their full value. No measures, which could bring the notes into discredit, were attributable to the bank; and the amount of the paper issued was constantly in progressive diminution, by its being destroyed when paid in for taxes and for lands. The laws of the state directed that the notes of the bank should be received for the public lands, in the same manner, and as of the same value as the notes of other banks, paying gold and silver. The receivers of the proceeds of, the sales of the public lands south of the Tennessee, was directed to take the notes of the bank for lands; Pamphlet Laws of Kentucky of 1824, -sec. $. Under the operation of these provisions, there was, received for taxes, and for lands, by the bank, and by the old State Bank of Kentucky, the notes of the Bank of the Commonwealth, to the amount of nearly six hundred thousand dollars, which were cancelled and burned.
In thig '-anner, almost the wliole of the issues of the bank have been returned to it; and it is believed that before the suit now before the Oourt was brought, all the paper, with the exception of about forty thousand dollars, had been returned to the bank. Paper of the bank, to the amount of about forty thousand dollars cannot be found; and is supposed to be irretrievably lost. Thus all the notes, with the exception of those lost, have been redeemed.
By numerous successive acts, the legislature of Kentucky directed that the notes of the bank, as they were redeemed, should be burned, and this was done; cited Session Laws of Kentucky, of 1825, 1826, 1827,. 1830, 1832. After all the notes were thus satisfied, or redeemed by other banks established under charters from the state; the public lands, which had been pledged for them, were distributed for scbool and road purposes.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

277

[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.] The objections to the charter on the ground of there having been no capital provided for the bank, does not therefore exist; and the question which is alone presented for the consideration of the Court, is, whether the bank was constitutional, as the state of Kentucky was the only corporator. It differs from many other banks in this only; the state alone is the corporator, or stockholder. In many other banking institutions, states are joint stockholders, and corpo-
rators. In the charter of the Bank of the Commonwealth, there is no
pledge of the faith of the state for the notes issued by the institution. The capital only was liable; and the bartk was suable, and could sue. The bank was sued; and in the case of Wister v. The Bank of the Commonwealth, 4 Peters, this Court held, that as against the corporation, the suit was well brought.
If it is unconstitutional for a state to be a corporator, how can she be a corporator for a part of the capital of the bank? If the state cannot alone be a corporator to issue paper, she cannot be in part such; and the constitution of the United States is violated, as well by the issue of notes for one dollar, as for "one thousand; by the issue of notes, of which a state is one among many of the corporators bound to pay them, as well as if she had alone become bound for their payment.
What is the difference between the state being a corporator, or taking a bonus for establishing a bank; and authorizing the corporation so erected, to issue notes. The sale of a charter by a state, for a bonus, is the sale of the privilege to issue notes; which, if the state had not, she could not grant; she gives the bank thus established power to issue notes for her benefit; a benefit she has secured in advance, by the payment of the bonus to her.
It is submitted, that if the notes of the Bank of the Commonwealth are "bills of credit," and the issue of them was prohibited by the constitution of the United States, the notes of all state banks are equally prohibited. Before-this question is approached, it is desirable to place it before the Court, on its true grounds.
The provisions of the constitution are:---" No state shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or confederation; grant letters of marque and reprisal; coin money; emit bills of credit; make any thing but gold or silver coin a tender; pass any bill of attainder, ex post facto law, or law impairing the obligation of contracts; or grant any title of nobility;" art. I. sec. 10.

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
The powers granted to the government of the United States, of coining money, are exclusive; so are the powers to establish post offices, and post roads; and in addition to the grant of these powers, there are the express inhibitions to. the states, which forbid their coining money, making tender lars, and issuing bills of credit.
It is claimed that making them a tender, is a portion of the character of a bill of credit, as the same was intended by the constitution. Each prohibition is separate. If the states could make any thing a tender but gold 4nd silver coins, all would be confusion. What was meant by "a bill of credit," is not stated in the constitution, and is thus left undefined: we must look for the meaning of the terms elsewhere. We must look to the uses of the terms in past times: and on this search we find great difficulties, from their different application to different obligations for the payment of money, and the peculiar characteristics of those obligations when issued by states or political communities. We look to colonial legislation, and to the practices of states; and we are unable to ascertain from these, the true sources of information, with accuracy, what those who framed the constitution intended. Sometimes the bills issued under state or colonial authority were-made a tender, and sometimes they were not. This is said by Mr. Chief Justice Marshall, in the case of Craig v. The State of Missouri. In the first issue of bills of credit by Massachusetts, they were not made a tender in payment of debts: afterwards, this character was expressly given to them. In South Carolina, they were made a tender; 2 Ramsay's Hist. of South Carolina, 164.
But there was a universal feature in all- the bills of credit, issued before the formation and adoption of the constitution of the United States. The faith of the state, or of the government which issued them, was always pledged for their redemption. This was ever the fact.
Another feature and characteristic of these bills of credit was, that the state always issued them in its soyereign capacity, and no capital was pledged for their redemption. They were never issued by or in the name of a corporation. The bills of the Commonwealth's Bank were issued by a corporation, subjected to suits, and capable of suing.
This is the first time this Court has been called upon[ to fix the precise meaning of the words of the consitution under consideration;
and they are now, by their decision, to save or take from the states a

SANUARY TERM, 1837..

279

[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.] little of their remaining sovereignty; and at the same time preserve and faithfully guard the constitutional rights of the Union. The Court, in exercising their powers, will do so as sound judges, and lawyers; and 'as sound statesmen and politicians. The plaintiffs in error ask, to impose restraints on the states, which will deprive them of powers essential to their prosperity, and to the business of their citizens.
In order to arrive at a true construction of the constitutional provision, it is proper to look at the mischiefs proposed" to be reme'died by its introduction into the instrument. These were the excessive issues of paper. and authorizipg them to be.made a tender. The great evil whs making the bills a tender; without this, it was a voluntary act to accept and to refuse them5 and no injury, -but such as was freely consented to, could ensue. This should be the test of a bill of tci-edit, as intended by the constitution. A state can borrow money; and give a note, or bond, o: a certificate, transferable for the sum borrowed. The amount of the notes or bonds given for a loan made to the state, may be determined by her and the lenders; and they may circulate as the holders think proper. The form maybe precisely the same as that of any other bank note, or bond, or evidence of debt; and she may pledge her faith and 'her property for the payment of such engagements. If notes or bonds given by a state are not made a tender, they will not be said to be bills of credit.
Another part of the case is deserving of the consideration of the Court. The notes given to the bank by her debtors, and by the law authorizing them to be taken, are made payable absolutely. Suppose the bank to be unconstitutional, yet the notes given by individuals, and held by the bank, must be paid. They were given for value, by those who gave them; and they used, for the purpose of purcliasifig lands, the notes received by them from the bank. This was a valuable consideration for the contract, and imposes an obligation to pay the notes independently of any other matter. Whatever isa benefit to one, or an injury to another, is a consideration.
TJis Court has no jurisdiction of thecase under the 25th section of the judiciary act. The question of the consideration given by the bank for the notes, and the que,,tion of the constitutionality of the law, were both before t e.cou't of appeals. That court eoUld have given the judgment, which was given, without deciding the constihtional question. The construction of the constitution of tle United .States was not necessarily involved in the judgment given in this

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
cause. This is an essential feature in every case brought here under the judiciary act of 1789.
Mr. Clay, also of counsel for the defendants in error, said, he was gratified by the learning and research of the counsel for the plaintiffs. He had gone into an investigation of commercial, historical and stati.tary authorities, which were highly interesting; but were not considered, by him, essential to the decision of the case before this Court.
He had, when the bank was established, concurred with many others, who were, with him, citizens of the state of Kentucky, in the opinion that it was impolitic and inexpedient; and its inexpediency is now generally admitted. But among those who promoted the establishment of the institution, none went further than some of those who now come before this Court to ask to be relieved from the obligations they entered into with it; and ftr which they receiyed, and used the notes of the bank. Those notes have all been redeemed; they fully answered the purpose of those who borrowed them. They were of value to them; they solicited them from the bank, and voluntarily received them. It is doubted if the cause of morals would be most promoted, by allowing a release from their contracts, of those who are before the Court; or by sustaining the bank, even if it is unconstitutional.
The old Bank of Kentucky had a capital of one million of dollars; and one half of which was reserved by the state, which the state afterwards paid for. Besides this property of the state, lands were pledged, and taxes were payalle in the notes of the Bank of the Commonwealth. Loans on mortgage of real estate were authorized; and these mortgages became a substitute for real property, and could be made liable for the debts of the bank. The bank had also extiaordinary powers for the collection of debts.due to it. Thus, full provision was made for the preservation of the solvency of the institution.
The, depreciation of the paper of the bank was gradual, and afterwards-became very great. But it is proper to state, that the credit of the paper aftrwards roso, and became equal to par; and'in credit, as good as that of the notes of any other monied institution. So it continues. The depression of the value of the notes of the Bank of the Commoiiwealth, was similar to that of all other banks which suspended specie payments. It was piot greater than the notes of other banks, in similar circumstances. -
. Two questions are presented in this case.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

281,

[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Connonwealth of Kentucky.] lst. Were the notes issued by the state of Kentucky? 2d. If so issued, are they bills of credit within the meaning of the constitution of the United States? The plaintiffs in error must establish both of these propositions: if they do not sustain both, they will fail in their application to the power of this Court. The constitution requires both properties to lie features in the note, which formed the consideration ofthe obligation upon which the suit was brbught, against the plaintiffs in error. 1st. The state of Kentucky did not issue these notes, they were issued by a corporation. This point has been already decided in the case of Wister, 2
Peters, 318. The defence set up in that suit was, that the bank and the state of Kentucky were the same, and that the state was alone the defendant in the suit. That being so, the suit could not be maintained,.and the Court had no jurisdiction. Tfhe very question in the case was the identity of the bank and the state; and whether the emissions of notes were by the state or-by the bank. This is expressly declared by Mr. Justice Johnson, in the opinion of the Court.
It is not important, in considering this case, to inquire what portion of the sovereign power of the state was given to the bank by the appointnment by the state of the officers who conducted it. The number of the officers was of no consequence. If the argument of the plaintiffs in error is good as to the delegation of all the power, it is good as to part; as if the state is represented by the officers of the bank in any extent, it will be sufficient; so far. as this point is under consideration, to-make the state the actor in the operations of the institution. The defendants in error must show, and they can do so, that the issues of the bank were not those of the state. It is contended that the whole of the operations of the.bank were those of a corporation, acting under the law of its creation; and managing funds provided and set apart by distinct and positive appropfiations, for the security of its operations: in which, the state was not acting' or interfering.
It is said by the' plaintiffs in error, that the issues of the notes by a corporation created by a state, is but an indirect action by the state, of that, which 'the constitution of the United States prohibits to be done, directly. This is not admitted'. If the position assumed is true, all banks incorporated by states are obnoxious to the same censure, for all derive their powers under state laws; and if the:
VOL. XI.-2 N

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
rule asserted can be stretched to include the Bank of the Commonwealth, it will take in all banks; it will operate to the same extent on all. The argument of the counsel f3r the plaintiffs in error goes to show 'that all state banks are unconstitutional.
But you cannot stop at state banks. Other obligations for the payment of money form a part of the circulating medium. Are not bills of exchange authorized by state laws, and their payment enforced by state laws? They art thus brought into circulation, and they form a part of the currency of the community. So the notes of a private individual owe their credit to the laws of the state in which they are issued, as those laws compel their payment by the drawer. Thus these issues are founded on state laws. The argument then goes too far. It should stop at the plain intention of the constitution; and at the object it proposed to accomplish.
What are the principles and the rules which should govern the Court in this case?
This Court, in the Georgia case, say, that only such a violation of the constitution as is plain and palpable, should call into action its powers under the provisions of the instrument. The language of the constitution is that which is in common use, wel' understood by the community, and known to'those upon whom it as intended to operate; por should the aid of foreign laws or usages be called on for its interpretation. This is not necessa7', and would involve the proper understanding of it, in difficulty a-d in doubt. The -constitution is to be construed with a view to these principles. The proper and certain interpretatipn will be adopted, whatever will be the consequences. Courts have sustained an interpretation of laws which had been given to them, although they have regretted their obligation to do so. Will not this Court limit the constitution to its plain meaning, and its evident interpretation? If viewing its provisions by thtse rules, defects are found in it, the Court has no power to remedy them; but ample powers for the purpose are provided in it.
The application of the rules which are applied to the construction of statutes, is protested against. The constitution is not to be interpreted by such rules.;, and the framers of the instrument, and the people when they adopted it, did not intend to subject it to the exercise of the same powers of inteypretation; which courts properly exercise over legislative enactments.
The constitution prohibits, the issuing bills of credit, by states, and

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

283

[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
this does not apply to corporaions; or to any other issuing but by the sovereign action of a state. This is the clear and plain language of the constitution; and confined to the action of a state, there is no difficulty.
In the case of Craig v. The State of Missouri, the issues were by the state, by its officers specially and expressly authorized and commanded to issue the paper. Whatever doubts were entertained upon the question whether the issues were bills of credit, none existed, that the paper was that of the state. No person responsible or suable was put forth when the obligations were given.
The counsel for the plaintiffs has failed to show that the notes of the Bank of the Commonwealth were issued by the state of Kentucky.
The notes were the notes of a corporation. The name of the state is not mentioned in them.. The corporation only binds itself for their payment; the funds of the corporation were only answerable for the relemption of this pledge. How, then, can it be said they were issued by the state, and 'that they were bills of credit of the state? Nothing appears in their language, nothing in the emission of them, to sanction such an assertion.
If a state owns the whole or a part of the capital of a bank, she may be a corporator. It cannot be said that she may be a corporator for part of the capital stock, and cannot be for the whole. On what principle can this limitation be established, and how -shall it be ascertained? A bank may be constitutional, and its operations legal until a state shall take an interest in its capital; and its unconstitutionality will begin and be complete when a state shall assume the full ownership, by a fair purchase of the stock of its whole capital. Such a change of character cannot be sanctioned; it can never take place. The fact that a state may own a part of the capital of a bank, as was held by this Court in the case of the Planters' Bank of Georgia; that a state may become a corporator in a bank; is decisive of the right of a state to make herself a sdle corporator. - The decision of this Court.in the case last referred to, and in the case of Wister, cited from 2 Peters, has closed all doubt tipon this point.
Are the notes of the Commonwealth's Bank bills of credit? The argument and the authorities relied upon by the counsel for the plaintiffs in error, have been listened to with profound and anxious attention, for the purpose of finding a definition of a bill of, credit. This.has been done without success.

SUPREME COURT.
[Brisceoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
The definitionwhich is submitted to the Court, on the part of the defendants in error, which, if any can be given, seems to approach nearer to the meaning of the constitution than any other which has been offered, is, that it is a bill resting on credit alone, with no other basis to support it. The forms of bills of credit have varied; but the faith of the state was always pledged for their redemption or payment.
The convention which formed the constitution of the United States had the evils of the paper currency, issued during the revolutionary contest, before it; and the provision was introduced in reference to those evils, and to the state of things which they produced. Under these views they intended, by a bill issued on credit, .one for the payment of which there is no adequate provision; resting on public faith for its redemption. But if we cannot get a definition, we can look at what were the properties of the paper currency of the revolution, and see if they were the same as the notes of the Commonwealth's Bank of Kentucky.
1. That currency was issued by and in the name of the states, in-' dividually, or by congrbss.
2. It performed the office of money, or of a circulating medium. 3. There existed no compulsory power to enforce its payment. 4. There was no adequate provision for its redemption; and, in fact, it was not redeemed. All the mischiefs of a paper currency are prevented that can exist, if the payment of it in gold or silver may be enforced; and nothing -of this kind existed in reference to the revolutionary bills of credit. . If the notes of the Commonwealth's Bank were of this descrip-
tion, the defence will be abandoned. They were money, and they performed the offices of money. They were subjected to the power to compel their payment by an appeal to the tribunals of the state; and, as was done in Wister's case, by a successful appeal to the courts of the United States.
The paper issued by the bank is described in the seventeenth section of the act of -the assembly. It was expressly declared that all the notes should be redeemable in gold and silver. In the first section of the act, the bank is declared to be a corporation capable of suing, and of being sued, and of being compelled to pay their -notes, undeniably, in gold or silver. In every instance of the revolutionary and anti-revolutionary paper, there was in inadequacy of

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

285

[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
funds. These statements show, individually, that there was no coincidence between the notes of the bank, or the bills of credit of the revolution; except, only, that both- performed the office of money.
These are bank notes redeemable, and redeemed by specie, and payable on demand and they are not bills of credit. Such notes as these were, are the representatives and evidence of specie; and such a note is like a check for the payment of money. But bank notes were not the paper of the revolution; and the words of the constitution do not comprehend them. It is then clearly established that those notes were not bills of credit, and were not affected by the constitutional prohibition.
It is not true that the states which issued the bills of credit before the adoption of the constitution, could be sued for those bills. The citizens of other states could institute suits, but not their own citizens; and thus the limited liability of those states is not a feature like that which-existed in the notes of the Commonwealth's Bank. The larger portion of all the bills of a state would be held by its own citizens, and as to that portion. no liability to suit-existed.
The Commonwealth's Bank of Kentucky is, like the banks of other states, created for the benefit of the state and its'citizens; and having provision made for the full payment of its obligations, and subjected to suits; and all its bills and notes have been redeemed. Although when other banks suspended specie payments, their notes were, temporarily, bills of credit; yet the liability of the bank to suits for the sums due by them, gave them a distinct character.
The day will be disastrous to the country when this Court shall throw itself on the ocean of uncertainty, and adopt an interpretation of the prohibition of the constitution which will apply to a constructive bill of credit. The large and prosperous commercial operations of opr country are carried on by bills of exchange, notes, and bank notes, redeemable in specie, and on which suits may be brought: should they not be paid according to their tenor. The credit of aL such bills may be brought into question, should the Court decide this case against the defendants. Keep to the plain meaning of the terms of the constitution, and do not seekby construction, to include in its prohibitions such paper as that which is brought ipto question in this case, and all will be safe.

Mr. Southard for the plaintiffs in error. There are two questions, which it is not proposed to discuss.

SUPREME COURT.
[Driscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.] They are, 1. Has the Court jurisdiction of the case? The plea, in words, denies the .constitutionality of the law of Kentucky, creating -thebank. The jurisdiction of the Court is therefore apparent upon the record, and the case in 10 Peters, 368, carefully and clearly reviews all the decisions on this point
2. If the law be unconstitutional, is the contract void? It is understood that the opinion of the Court in Craig v. Missouri, was nearly unanimous, in affirming illegality of such a contract.
I cannot persuade myself that it is proper, for me, to attempt to sustain by argument, what this Court has so recently decided. To suppose that it will alter its opinion, from year to year, or change its decisions upon such questions, when there happens to be a change of its members, would not be respectful to such a tribunal; but it would, if it were true, justify the application to our country, of the truth, miseraest servitus,ubi lex aut vaga aut incognitaest.
Nor shall I postpone my argument to combat the allegations of fraud and wrong against my clients. Such charges are easily thrown out, and are not unfrequently used to aid in legal discussions, although very inappropriate to such discussions. They cannot, here, be met by evidence and explanations; cannot-be persuasive and controlling upon the judgment of this Court; and are no more applicable, in this case, than in all others, where a defendant has received money, and, for just cause, refuses to refund it. They might easily be retorted on the adverse party, but I do not feel the necessity of doing it.There is enough in the constitution and laws to justify my clients in claiming the judgment of the Court, and to them I apply my observations.
I am to maintain that the law of the state, entitled "an act to establish the Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky," approved
9th November, 1820, was a violation of the constitution of the United States; and its bills were bills of credit within the prohibion of the constitution. There are two provisions in the constitution which are connected with, and control this subject. The one gives power to congress; the other restrains the power of the states. Art. 1, sec. 8, item 5; "Congress shall have power, &c. to coin money, regulate the value thereof, and of foreign coins; and fix the standard of weights and measures: and item 6, adds, "to provide for the punishment of counterfeiting the securities and current coin of the United States." This gives the power to the Union.

JANUARY -TERM, 1837.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentiicky.j
The 10th section of same article declares, that no state shall enter into any treaty, alliance or confederation; grant letters of marque and reprisal; coin money; emit bills of credit; make any thing but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts; pass any bill of attainder, ex post facto law, or law impairing the obligation of coitracts; or grant any title of nobility. This restrains the authority of the states.
The phraseology and form of expression in these items of the constitution deserve attention. They are similar, both in the grants bf power to one portion of our government, that of the Union; and the restrictions upon the other, that of the states. And as the phraseology and form of expression are the same, the construction must' correspond. Each power and each restraint is separate and distinctfrom the ofheis; although they were combined in the same sentence, simply, because they were of the same nature and character.
Thus, "congress may coin money;" this is one power substantive and different from the rest. "May regulate the value thereof," and of foreign coins," is another power; "may fix the standard of weights and measures," is still another. Each may be exercised without the rest. Congress may coin money, without regulating the value of foreign coins, or fixing the standard of weights and measures. So it may do either one or both of the two latter, without the former. They are, and were intended to be separate acts of the government; one or all of which might be performed at such times and under such conditions, as the discretion of those who administered it should select. The nature. of the acts and the form of expression, both require this understanding and construction of the instrument.
The same remark applies to the restrictions upon the states, in the loth section. Taking the part of it which is directly involved in this discussion, we see that they may "not coin money." That is one power, which. as-independent states, they possessed before their union; but which is now denied to them. They may not "emit bills of credit." That is another power, antecedently possessed and exercised by them, which is now forbidden. They may. not "make any thing but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts." That is a third power, frequently practised, but now prohibited.
These powers, though of the same general character, and affecting

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
the same interests, were separately used by the states. They might coin money, without emitting bills of credit, or making any thing but specie a legal tender. They might, and did emit bills of credit, without coining money or creating a legal tender. They might, if they had so chosen, have created a legal tender without coining money, or issuing bills of credit. The acts were distinct in their nature, and separately performed; but two, or all of them, might have been performed at the same time, and by the same act of legislation.
The framers of the constitution, thus regarding them, united them in one sentence; but clearly restrained each of them, whether combined or disunited, in the action of the states;. and they framed their prohibition in the same mode and form as they granted the correlative powers to the general government
In construing the instrument, therefore, we must apply the same principles to both clauses. We must keep the acts separate; and the rules which we. apply to the grants, we'must apply also to the restrictions. If, in the authority to coin money and regulate the value of coins, we find full and exclusive control on the. subject given to congress; we must also find in the restrictions, complete restraint from the exercise on the part of the states. The propriety of this might be enforced and be illustrated, by various examples in the constitution itself.
To coin money, then, is one power; to emit bills, a second; to make a tender, a third: in their nature, and in tAe language of the constitution, distinct and independent of each other. And tho restrictions upon the states apply to each as a separate act, or exercise
of power. The Court will perceive my object. The powers to emit bills of
credit, and to make a tender, have been treated, in argument, as if they were one dnd the same thing; and it has been urged that the emission of bills of credit which was forbidden, was that emission only which was' connected with, and received its character from the .fact that the bills were made a tender; and that unless they were made a tender, their emission was not forbidden. There is nothing in the words and phraseology of the constitution, nor in the nature of the acts to justify or sustain the argument. A state may violate one or both of these restraints, and its legislation will be void, because unconstitutional. It may issue bills, and yet not require that they shall be received in payment of debts. It may not issue bills, and yet may require something like specie to be received, by its

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

289

[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Keitucky.] citizens, in. discharge of debts. Both would be improper, and equally so.
In practice,.the two a~ts have not been the same. Previous to the revolution, all the states issued bills of credit. In a proportion of the cases, they were not made a tender. A reference to the books, on this point, has been made, and need not be repeated. This Court, in 4 Peters, 435, stated the fact with historical accuracy. The general government has also issued bills without making them a tender. The treasury notes of the war of 1812, were bills of credit, but they were not a tender. The government had authority to issue them; its necessities justified their emission. But it did not require that they should be received by the people of the United States in payment of debts. Will it be seriously debated that they were not, therefore, bills- of credit; and that, if the states had issued them, they would have been constitutional?
The plea in the case before the Court, puts in issue the constitutionality of .the whole law; and, if it be found to violate either of the prohibitions, it must be declared void. It could not authorize the issuing of bills of credit by the state; nor could it make either the bills issued, or any thing else, but specie, a legal tender.
That the view presented is in conformity with the opinions of those who best understood the constitution in its early days, I refer to the Federalist, 193; the number written by Mr. Madison.
If a different opinion is conveyed in his letter to Mr. Ingersoll, which I do not admit, it can only be regretted and we must appeal from the inattentive commentator, to -the constitutional lawyer, sitting in judgment when every faculty is awake.
I refer also to Craig v. Missouri, 4 Peters, 434, where the Chief Justice, for the Court, draws the clear distinction; and the dissenting judges do not deny it
I might, then, consider myself as already relieved from one difficulty which has been interposed in this cause. But I venture to urgea further consideration. The separation of all these powers of coining; issuing bills; making legal tenders; fixing standards; and the bestowal of them on the Union, to the total exclusion of the states; was indispensably necessary to accomplish the great ends for which the constitution was formed. Its leading object was to make the people, one people, for many purposes; and especially as to the currency. One; so far as the high immunities and privileges of free -citizens are concerned. One; in the rights of holding, purchasing,
VOL. XI.-2 0

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
and transferring property. One; in the privilege of changing domicil and residence at pleasure. One; in the modes and means of transacting business and cofnmerce. It intended to break down the divisions between the states; so far, if you please, and so far only, as to remove all obstacles to intercourse and dealing between their respective citizens.
To do this, one currency was necessary. The dollar and the eagle of Georgia, must be.the dollar and the eagle of Maine. That which would purchase property or pay a debt in Virginia, must purchase property or pay a debt in Massachusetts.
Hence the power of creating and regulating the currency was given to the Union, and withdrawn from the states. One power, the common will of the vhole, is to decide-what that currency shall be. Congress shall coin money-the states shall not. Congress shall regulate the value of, coins, domestic and foreign-the states shall not. The authority is fully and absolutely given to the Union, without restriction or limitation. The states can do nothing which shall interfere with the establishment of a uniform, common currency, and with a uniform standard of value-a standard which every citizen is to have, no matter where he resides, or with whom he deals; which the resident of each state shall employ in his transactions with those of every other state.
This transfer of power-to the united. body was indispensable. *Be-
fore the revolution there was no common currency, or standard of value; except as the colonies were subject to those of the mother country. During the confederation there was none; none established and regulated by competent authority. Each state, with an unrestricted will, made one for itself. To do this was one of the attributes which they assumed, when they declared themselves independent. It is, indeed, a natural, inalienable, indispensable attribute of sovereignty, in all nations, civilized and savage. How the states exercised it, during the confederation, in the first moments of their national existence, is matter of interesting but not of necessary inquiry in this -stage of the argument. But when they passed from confederation to union, their right, in this respect, necessarily ceased. A confederation might, an union could not exist with the power exercised according t6 the will or caprice of the different members. The confederacies of Greece, Holland, Switzerland, Germany, and others, had existed with such exercise. The Union required one currency to place all its citizens on the same platform-to obviate innumera-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
ble causes of dissatisfaction'and dislike-to give to the common government the authority which was absolutely indispensable to enable it to accomplish the great and benevolent purposes for which it was
created. Hence the power conferred upon it is exclusive. To reason
safely, we must keep this in view; and as the restrictionsupon the states, are meant as the guardsof that power, we must so construe theTr as not to. permit them to encroach upon or interfere with the power. The power and the guards must stand together, and may not destroy each other.
What then is the power to create and regulate a currency for the Union? It is to establish by law, that which all shall receive, as money; which shall pass, at a fixed value, in all the transactions of society, and having the national sanction, that nothing created by others, shall interfere to defeat it. It is io make a legal tender. To establish the material -nd the standard by which all contracts shall be governed; which do not themselves provide otherwise by agreement between the parties. To prescribe what the debtor may be compelled to pay in satisfaction of his debt, and what the creditor shall receive from him.
Such a currency was altogether proper and indispensable under a system, which for the first time, in the history of free governments, established it as a fundamental principle that "the citizens of each state shall be entitled to all privileges and iriumunities of citizens in the several states." It was impossible to carry out this principle without it.
Congress, in 1789, iminediately after the government commenced, passed a law in relation*to certain foreign coins; and by a long .ain of acts, familiar to the Court, and ending in 1834; from time to time regulated them, as convenience, discretion, and the condition of our own coinage required. In 1792, they established a mint, and cautiously prescribed the coins which should be made, the standard by which they were governed, and the value at which the citizens of the Union should receive them.
This law created a currency for the Union. It has been called constitutionalcurrency. It is constitutional, because the law creating it was authorized by the constitution; but it is not so inthat sense alone.' The constitution authorized congress to create a legal currency, and this is its proper designation-legal currency, or money current by law. Congress might have created a legal cur-

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
rency not of gold and silver. They issued treasury notes, and chartered a banT. They had the power to make the treasury and bank notes a legal currency, a-lawful tender, because the power is without restriction in the constitutidn. But it would have been most injudicious and inexpedient; an exercise of discretion, unjustifiable then, and which.will not and ought not to be exhibited hereafter. Power and duty are not always the same. Policy and power are often opposed.
The Court will remark, that I do not labour to define, but I desire
to distinguish between-currency and money, or circulating medium. Legal currency is what the government by .rightful authority declares shall pass at a fixed value, in the transactions of society, as gold and silver here; money or circulating medium is that which passes by consent and agreement, or otherwise, in contracts and business transactions. It may be gold and silver, or bills of credit, or even promissory notes, which are received as discharges of debts. The former in all countries is small in amount, in ours not more than from seventy-five to eighty millions; the latter, if all kinds are embraced, reach probably to nearly one thousand millions. The former is the standard and regulator of the latter. The former is entirely under the disposal of the general government; and it was the avowed purpose of the constitution to prevent the states from interfering with it. The latter is not prohibited to them. But it was that they might not touch the former, or do that which should destroy it, that the ptohibition of bills of 'credit was inserted. They were money currency, if they had the credit and faith of the state stamped upon them; and their circulation would interfere, injuriously, with the common intercourse and obligations of the various parts of the Union with each other.
Among the circulating medium are to be found, the common bank bills, issued by corporations, as state banks, and promissory notes issued by individuals; as by-Morris and Nicholson,,of former times; and the Nashville firm, and others of more recent date. They are not legal currency.- No man is compelled to receive them for debts due, or on contracts. No man's right to refuse them can be questioned. No law requires them to pass current; it is matter of convention.
They are bills of credit of individuals or corporations, and are received on the faith and credit of those who issue, and at the hazard of those who receive them. They form, by assent of parties, a substft te for current money; but have no legal validity as such. Indi-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

293

(Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonweafth of Kentucky.]
viduals and corporations may issue them; and those with whom they deal may receive them without violation of the constitution and. laws, unless, they are forbidden to do so. But it is precisely such which the Union intended to prevent the separate states from emitting, on their own faith and credit. And for most obvious reasons, as will presently be further seen.
It is not my purpose to contest the constitutionality of the bills issued by individuals, or by banking incorporations, who have authority by their charters to issue them. I do not concur in the printed argument which has been handed to the Court, so far as it seems to declare that all these state banks are unconstitutional; nor is it necessary for my argument, or my cause, that I should agree to that position. The states have power to create corporations; to invest them With the right to issue promissory notes on such terms, and with such security as shall seem proper; to place them in this respect on the footing of individuals. But the states have not the power to make the notes issued by them current money, oi compel their citizens to receive them. This would be an assumption of the authority which has been solemnly vested in the Union alone.
The duty of congress is to create and to protect a common currency of the Union. The power to create, embraces the power to regulate, and the means of regulation. The means and the character of this regulation, need not be explained at this stage of the argument. But it will be found, that the admission of the righ: of the states to create banks, will afford an argument in denial of the right of the states themselves to issue paper on. their own credit.
Why should these notes be received and used as a part of the circulating medium? Solely from the unavoidable scarcity of current money? The country requires more circulation, than specie can possibly afford. They are necessary for the business of society. The same apology existed for treasury notes, and notes of a bank of
the United States. Bills of credit, at all times, have this justification, no other; and they may be received, but must not be legalized as currency by the general government. No public agent of the Union, no representative ought to recognise them as currency by any act of legislation.
I urge, then, that congress has the entire control of the currency, and with it, as a necessary consequence; the power to regulate the circulating medium; and that, until there is an absolute restriction by competent authority, ordinary bank bills are a tolerated, legal,

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
and constitutional part of the circulating medium; but no part of the legal currency.
This view of the constitution can, by no possibility, create difficulty, or trespass on the rights of the states. The rule as to them is, that they cannot issue bills which shall rest on their own funds and ,credit, and circulate as money by governmental authority. There is no necessity for them to do it; all the duties which remain to them as governments, can readily be performed without it. The great causes-which have always created, and in all countries, the necessity for this exertion of power, have been removed from their actiorn. Those causes had connexion with, and sprung from the intercourse, peaceful or hostile, with other nations; almost universally from war. The bank of England. was created to enable that nation to carry on a war with its great rival. Massachusetts, Connecticut, New York, and New Jersey, issued their first bills to obtain aid in. the struggle in Canada. South'Carolina raised by that process the means to carry on her war -against the Indians; and both the state and confederate bills were issued to sustain the war of independence. But all foreign intercourse i taken away from the states; they wage no foreign or ' Indian wars: they need not therefore the power, in case of such difficulties, to resort to this expedient.
While. in war- it is unnecessary, in peace it would produce disastrous consequences. If they were to issue such bills, they would draw a direct distinction between their own citizens and those of other states: and if they were rejected or discredited by other states, or by the Union, distrust and dissatisfaction would ensue, and the Union itself be weakened and endangered.
Bank bills, or promises to pay, by incorporations or individuals, depend for their circulation on the faith reposed in, or, in other words, on the credit of those who issue them. And it matters not whether the promise to pay is on demand, or at a future day, or at the discretion or convenience of the payee. The time of payment has nothing to do with their character as bills of credit. A bill to pay when presented, is no more a bill.of credit, than if it fixes a day when it is to be paid, as a year or six months hence. It still rests on the credit of the maker. This is so, even if a fund is mentioned by which it may be secured or protected. In private cases funds - are seldom specified. In public, almost always. It was so generally, though not universally in the bills of credit of the states; before and during. the revolution. But whether with or without a

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Comnonwealth of Kentucky.] fund, the credit is and must be given to the individual or party who makes the promise; and who, by that promise, binds himself to satisfy the holder fof the amount. In this respect there is no difference between the makers; whether private citizens, corporations, or states. We look to the person who is bound to see the bill paid; and it is his bill of credit. It is not the agent who may sign; it is not the substitute, but the principal. And if he be found, the bill is the credit; the trust is his, and upon him.
Banks generally issue bills payable on demand; they often issue notes, post notes, payable at a future day, sometimes bearing interest, and sometimes not. Yet they are still their notes; their bills of credit; they are circulating medium. So the government issued treasury notes, payable at a future day, and bearing interest. They were the bills of credit of the government; and their circulation, as a medium, depended on the credit of the government. So, also, if a state by its agents issue bills, for which the agent is not individually responsible, but which must be paid out of funds provided by the states; it is not the bill of the agent, but of the state. The form is nothing; who is to pay, and out of whose funds is the payment to be made, is the decisive matter.
Now, if a state by its agents or otherwise, issue bills which pass as money, they pass, not on the credit of the agent, but of the state itself. If that credit is disgraced and rejected, it is not the agent who feels and suffers, but the state. If the bills are refused by other states, or impeded by the general government, the state is affected. Her separate sovereignty is impeached. Imputation is cast, by her equals, and by the Union, on her credit and solvency. Hence, will instantly arise a train of evils to a Union like ours, which will strike the mind without the aid of description or argument. The constitution designed to prevent such results. This Court will not counteract that design. But this is not all. These bills are the money of the citizens of the state. If other citizens of the Union reject it, private conflict immediately arises. And this strange exhibition is made in a Union among one people, that a part have one currency, another part another. And the citizens of the state which emits have two governments, one of which they may pay in one medium, and the other they must satisfy in a dilbrent medium; the cities of other states arc compelled to avoid all dealing with them, or receive what is not current where they reside. This train of reflection deserves consideration, when the meaning of the constitution is sought.

296

SUPREME COURT.

[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kvntucky.] Those who made it, were not blind to such effects. The great principle is, thal the Union has the power over the common currency. The states cannot interfere, and, upon their faith, credit, sovereignty, establish any" tbing which is to have that character. They may authorize their citizens to issue bills, but they may not give those bills any portion of their power or authority, or 'credit. The, moment they do this, they become invested with a new character; they become public money; national so far as a state is national; separate so far as a state has separate and independent existence. They create a currency of their own, different from that which is currency elsewhere.
It has been supposed that this grant of power to the general government arose from the evils which the states had inflicted on themselves by paper money, and was intended to guard them from a repetition of these evils: These were great and appalling; their history is one of imposition and 6ppression; and they doubtless led the states to a willingness to surrender the power: but it was .not so much to create a guardianship over the states, and prevent state and local, as confederate difficulties, that the provision was inserted in the constitution.
The remedy for pre-existing and for prevention of future evils was the power conferred on congress. -And that power was sufficient for its object, if it had beeii wisely exercised. Buf this is not the place to point out and secure its proper management. Difficulties and inconveniences in the formation and administration of laws, are not for this tribunal.
The positions resulting from the preceding suggestions appear
to be, 1. Congress alone can establish and regulate the currency. 2. States may create corporations which, like individual citizens,
may issue bills of credit. 3. These may be reieived or rejected, at Ivill, by the citizen. 4. Congress may determine how far they shall be treated as cur-
rency-as a tender. 5. In doing this, they must make the currency uniform. If these principles have been explained, we may inquire further
into the guards which are provided to prevent their violation. They are two; the states, in virtue of their funds, credit and sove-
reignty, are not to emit bills, nor make a tender of any thing but gold and silver

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
Both these had been done by the colonies and by the states, in innumerable instances; some producing incalculable evils, others rather beneficial than injuriouS. 'In New Jersey, for example, her bills had been so regulated and secured, although they-amounted to, nearly, if not quite two millions of dollars, that their credit and payment were protected; and the evils felt by her people, were rather from the paper money of the confcderacy, than from her own: and this may in part account for her vote on some questions relating to this provision of the constitution. 4 Elliot, Debates, 137.
The prohibition is in the most absolute terms. "No state shall emit bills of credit." It did not so stand in the draft of the constitution reported by the committee. There, it was conditional. "No state, without the consent of the legislature of the United States, shall emit bills of credit." 4 Elliot, Debates, 123. The condition was expunged. The prohibition is peremptory. It is so also as to coining money and making a tender; the other two acts which might interfere with the general powers granted to congress. And it is apparent, that one of them is no more taken away than the others. The states have the same right to coin money, as to emit bills.
These bills and paper money were one and the game thing. The paper money of the colonies and of the new states were called bills of credit; simply because issued by the authority of the states, created by them, and which they were bound to redeem.
This requires no argument or reference to authority, because it is admitted fully by the adverse counsel, and is not denied. The paper money were the bills of credit, and there was no other. Now if all bills of credit are forbidden, then all paper money is forbidden. If there be any exception, it is to be shown by those who maintain the validity of the state issues.
Whatever the states were in the habit of issuing is then prohibited. What owere they? I shall not retr to the multitude of ticts which have been cited, and to which the Court have references. They-were, all of one character; having one object, and one substance. They were signed by state officers, commissioners, committees, by persons who were agents of the state, and acted for the state, not for them-
selves. The Court cannot but .be familiar'with Story's Commentary on
the Constitution; which gives the most clear, condensed, and accurate view of these bills, their nature and effects, which is within the com-
VOL. XI.-2 P

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
pass of my reading. I use it as one of my guides in this argument. 3 Story's Com. 222.
They were promises by the agent that the state would pay the
amount mentioned, on demand, or at a fixed day. They had a fund provided for their redemption, which those who
authorized them considered sufficient to secure their payment; generally taxes, or some portion of the revenue belonging to the state. The sufficiency of this fund was of no importance, as to their chargcter as bills of credit. It almost always failed, except in case of the state, to which I have before referred; but in all cases the resort was to the funds and the credit of the state.
They were permitted to pass as the citizens should estimate them; or they were forced into circulation by legislative command, by tender laws.
They were circulated as money, and in every instance which can be found, they promised payment in gold and silvtr, in specie, or in current money, which meant gold and silver. In all cases they were bills of credit and paper money; and the states cannot now emit any thing in their resemblance, or having their object. In all their forms they were within the mischief to be remedied. See Craig v. Missouri.
The adverse counsel, to enable the bills of the Commonwealth's Bank to escape the denunciation, have given us four tests, by which they are to be tried; and without which, they are not to be taken as bills of credit, within the meaning of the Constitution.
These are, 1. That they were issued by and in the name of the state. A more. true description would be, that they were issued by officers or agents of the state, for and on behalf of the state. The form given in 4 Peters, 453, was general. It was the certificate of the officer; his promise that the state would pay. 1 admit that the person signing them must be an officer or agent of the state, and promise for the state; he must represent the state, but the form in which he does it, is of no importance. " Due at the treasury of the state 20 dollars," and signed -by the person authorized to sign it; is as ,much a bill on the credit of the state, as if the most precise form was used. And it matters not what the treasury or place where it is to be paid, is; a bank, or the treasurer's house. It is the place where funds of the state are kept; and that is the treasury, call it by what name you will. It does not cease to be the treasury, because you call it a bank. And if the promise is made by the agent, that he will pay, it does not thereby cease to be binding on the state; if the

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

299

[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Conunonwealth of Kentucky] money out of which he was to pay, is the money of the state, and not his own. Forms cannot conceal the substance of the transaction, nor divert its obligation from the real debtor.
2. That they were to supply the place of a circulating medium. There is, in this case, no object in debating this test. It is emphatically admitted that the notes in question were designed to circulate as money, and supply its place.
3. There was no compulsory process to enforce payment. Is it not perfectly apparent that there was in all these cases, the same process as upon all o(her contracts by the state? Besides, when the provision was inserted in the constitution, the states could be sued. This was the early doctrine, and the constitution was amended to take away the suability of states. But to relieve this present case from the application of this test, it must be shown, that the officers or agents who have been interposed between the holder of the notes and the state itself, can be sued, and compelled to pay, whether the state will it or not. A suit against them is mockery,' unless the judgment can be enforced against those who own the funds. When the law is examined, the value of this effort to evade the constitution will be apparent.
4. That for the bills of credit before the constitution, no adequate provision was made for their redemption. This was not believed to be the case, at the time of any of the emissions. A fund was almost always provided. Whether sufficient or not was matter of opinion; and they only were to judge of its sufficiency, who authorized them. It was to arise from taxes, excises, imposts, specified property, from some source of revenue to the state: That they were found to fail, does not alter the fact. It will scarcely be pretended that the character of the paper, as bills of credit, depended on the accuracy of judgment of those who set apart the sinking fund. Much less would that character be changed, if the fund should unexpectedly fail. This would convert them into bills of credit, according as the value of-the fund was enhanced or depreciated. The counsel will find it difficult to sustain this position by any reference to history; and if the insufficiency of the fund is to be decided by the depreciation of the paper resting upon it; which is the only test which we or this Court can apply; then the defendant in error can have little hope. The notes of the Commonwealth's Bank depreciated fifty per cent., notwithstanding the fund provided for them.
The result of these tests is. that the qualities of the paper in ques-

soo

SUPREME COURT.

[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky ]
.tion cannot be confined to the points urged against us. Their true description is, paper money-bills resting on the funds, faith, and credit of the state-issued by agents of the state, promising that they shall be paid, whether out of a specific fund or not; having the same means to enforce payment as other contracts of the state, and designed to pass as money, to relieve the wants of the government,
or its citizens; It-will at once be perceived, that neither this description, nor any
argument now urged, can interfere with, or be made to deny the right of a state to borrow money and give its acknowledgment of the debt. If it be honestly and. truly a loan, and the acknowledgment intended to secure its payment, no objection exists., The bills of credit of the colonies were not loans, nor certificates of loans. They were the paper money--the circulating medium of the times. It isthe business of a court to look at the real object; and mere mat-, ters of form, or the name by which any paper or instrument is called, will not, -Aith them, decide its character. If a state, not in debt, not wanting money to discharge its obligations, issues notes admitting that it owes, and does this to relieve its citizeis and create money for circulation, shall the finesse succeed? Shall the constitution of the Union be overthrown by chicariery; and by mere names given to acts? Or rather shall it not operate upon the acts themselves, and bc enforced according to its obvious import and meaning? This is a matter not to be reasoned before this Court.
I am now prepared to examine the law of Kentucky creating the Bank of the Commonwealth, and to apply its provisions to the consiitution. It will be found to authorize the emission of bills which have every characteristic of the bills of credit of former days. Its preamble develops its object, and the mode of accomplishing it. It is in these words: "Whereas, it is deemed expedient and beneficial to the state, and the citizens thereof, to establish a bank on the funds of the state, for the purpose of discounting paper, and making loans for longer periods than has been customary, and for the relief of the distresses of the community; therefore, be it enacted," &c.
The object was not to borrow money for the state. This cover, which was unsuccessfully attempted in Craig v. Missouri, cannot be resorted to here. The government of Kentucky had no debt; no necessity to borrow money to supply her wants.
The object was the relief of the distresses of the community; the mode of relief, was to make loans to them of money, with which to

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

301

[Brisboe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
pay debts and make purchases. Her motive was similar to that which produced all the old paper money. She had not as good an apology as Massachusetts and the other colonies had, at the commencement of the eighteenth century. They issued their bills to enable them to raise the forces with which to fight the battles of the country; or to pay them on their return from their gallant, but often unsuccessful enterprises. Their motive was to pay a debt of the government: to meet its obligations. Here it was to.provide money for the people of the state.
The mode of providing relief was by a bank; to issue money in the precise form of all other bank paper, and to answer the purposes of all other bank paper. And it was no new mode of issuing bills of credit. There is one eniample, and that not the least objectionable among the multitude, of its use before this. South Carolina, I think, in the war with the Tuscaroras, adopted this very mode; created a bank, and issued paper money. See 1 Hist. of S. C., 204. The two are alike in all essential particulars; and yet no man has ever supposed that the notes of the South Carolina Bank-were not the kind of bills of credit which are admitted here, in argument, to be paper money, and to be unconstitutional.
The provisions of the'law and its supplement, show that the plan was to equalize this money, as money, among the people. The eleventh section divides the capital among the counties, in proportion to their taxes. The twenty-first section, and the supplement, p. 165. creates a branch of the bank, in each judicial or congregational district. The eighteenth section prescribes the amount which should be loaned, and that it shall not be for longer than one year; nor bt loaned for any purpose but to pay debts and purchase stock and pIuduce. In plain words, it was money; money issued and loaned by the bank, to be used as money.
It is not my purpose to deny the duty of the government of the state to use all appropriate and constitutional means to relieve -th. people, when under such distress as was then felt; but to deny th. right to use the means ther adopted. The Bank of Kentucky ha5 been created many years before, and the state was one-half owner o' the stock. During the war of 1812, it, like others, suffered. It stopped specie payment by order of the government; and was in that condition, when, in 1817, the state chartered more than forty new banks, requiring them to make their capital of specie, or of notes of the Kentucky Bank. They failed, as might have been expected; and

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.] in 1819 their charters were taken away. The pressure and distress of the community were almost unsupportable. The virtue and talents of her best citizens were put in requisition; and during the sitting of the legislature in Frankfort, they met in the capitol, in the hall of legislation, to devise the proper means for relief. If I have the history correctly, one of my learned adversaries, (Mr. Clay,) was there, and, as he has done on so many other occasions, gave to the members of the legislature, and his other fellow citizens, the counsels of true wisdom. But they were not to create such a bank as that now under consideration; the constitutionality of which was, at that day, denied by a large proportion of the ablest citizens of the state. The legislature -adopted other, and, as I insist, unconstitutional advice; and created money for the reliefof the people; the money whose legality we contest.
The inquiries at once meet us, whose money was it? by whom was it issued? on whose credit did it rest? by whom was the fund for its redemption owned? An answer to these questions must settle our controversy. If the fund belonged to the state; if the credit was that of the state; if those who issued it were the mere agents of the state, without personal interest or responsibility; then it was the money of the state: the bills were bills of credit, emitted by the state, and fall within the constitutional denunciation. It is susceptible of demonstration, that the state and not the corporation, was every thing. The corporation was not to provide relief of itself. It was but the instrument used by the state to effect its object, by its own means and resources. The corporation was the mere form of her action; and if this form shall be found sufficient to cover and legalize the act, the constitution is, on this point, not worth the parchment on which it is written. It does not require even ordinary ingenuity to enable every state to trample upon and defy it, whenever interest or caprice may dictate.
1. Then as to the stockholders. Sec. 1. "That a bank shall be, and the same is, hereby established, in the name and on behalf of the commonwealth of Kentucky, &c." See. 3. "The whole capital of said bank shall be exclusively the property of the commonwealth of Kentucky, and no individual or corporation shall be permitted to own, or pay for any part of the capital of said bank." Sec. 5. The capital stock of said bank shall be two millions of dollars, (increased by supplement 22 December, 1820, to three millions of dollars,) to be raised and paid in the folloiving manner, te wit:-"All ,honeys

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

303

[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.] hereafter paid into the treasury for the purchase of the vacant lands of the commonwealth; all moneys hereafter paid into the treasury for the purchase of land warrants; all moneys which may hereafter be raised for the sale of the vacant lands west of the Tennessee river, and so much of the capital stock owned by the state in the Bank of Kentucky, as may belong to the state, after the affairs of said bank shall be settled up, with the profits thereof, not heretofore pledged or appropriated by law; shall be exclusively appropriated to the making up the capital stock of said bank;" the treasurer, as he should receive money from these sources, to pay it over to the cashier, &c. See. 24. All the interest arising from the loans and discounts, which may be made by the said bank, after the payment of the necessary expenses, shall constitute and be considered as part of the annual revenue of the state, and subject to the disposition of the legislature.
Sec:28. The treasurer was to furnish seven thousand dollars to procure plates, &c. to put the bank into operation.
Sec. 35. "That the notes of the present Bank of Kentucky shall be receivable in payment of all debts due the bank hereby established, and the revenue of this commonwealth, unappropriated at the close of the present session of the general assembly; also, the revenue hereafter collected, which may remain in the treasury unappropriated annually, shall constitute a part of the capital stock of said institution, and shall be paid over to the cashier of the bank, by the treasurer; subject to such appropriations as may be made from time to time by law.
Preliminary to the particular examination of the character of the paper issued by the bank, under this charter, and to a further discussion of the case; it is important to call the attention of the Court to the state of the questions in this case, as they are presented by the. pleadings. In no propriety can the cause be decided, but upon them; and the Court will therefore look to them with their accustomed care and discrimination; before the decision is pronounced.
The pleas of the defendants, in the courts of Kentucky are, that no capital was furnished to the bank by the state of Kentucky: while the pleas refer to the provision in the charter, which direct the payment of the proceeds of certain lands, and that the funds of the state in the Bank of Kentucky, shall be paid over to the Bank of the Commonwealth, they aver that nothing was ever paid. They also aver, that the whole of the profits of the bank belonged to the state, and were received by the state. The plaintiffs demurred to

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoe v. The Bank ofthe Cqmmonwealth ofKentucky.]
these pleas, and thus they admit e~very and all the facts set forth in them. The case is therefore -on*the pleadings: a bank -was established for the sole and exclusive benefit of the state of Kentucky, for the exclusive profit of the stato: and no capital was furnished by the state, none was paid into the bank. The state appointed the officers of the bank, and they issued notes in the form of bank notes. These notes were circulated as money, and were the consideration for the note on which this suit was brought. The law directed, that certain funds should be handed over to the corporation, which were to form the capital, but the law was not complied with. The credit of the state pledged by the provisions of th6 charter, directing the appropriation of these funds, was, therefore, the only pledge for the redemption of the bills of the bank.
If the case would stand in a more favourable aspect, had the proceeds of the -public lands, and the funds of the state in the Bank of Kentucky, been actually handed over to the president and directors of the Bank of the,Commonwealth, and thus have become a capital, answerable for the debts of the institution; this is not the case before the Court. The pleas of the defendants allege the contrary, and the demurrer admits the truth of the allegations. Even had those funds been so appropriated, if any such existed, and this Court does nof know they did exist; still these appropriations would have been revocable by the legislature of the state.
Where is the controlling power over the state to prevent, by subsequent legislation, the withdrawal of all the fund, at any subsequent
period, and for any purpose the legislature should direct. Could the state of Kentucky have been c-illed upon, for impairing the obligation of these contracts? Before-what tribunal 'could such a claim have been preferred. Thus, the faith of the state was alone the 'basis'of the bills of the bank, and the pledge for their redemption.' A faitb, it is not intended to impeach, or to question. The argument has no such purpose, or design.
To proceed with the general argument. By the provisions of the law, it is clear: 1st. That the bank'was established in the name, and on behalf of the state, Not in the name nor on behalf of-the corporation, or any of the men belonging to or composing it. The stati was the only stockholder; the only one interested in it. 2d. That all the stock, funds, rofits of the bank, bel'nged to the

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Briscoe v The Bank of the .Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
state; were, in fact, the property, the revenue, the treasure, and the treasury of the state.
3d. That the state had absolute control over this property; could appropriate every dollar of it at pleasure; and, by the 29th section, it had the power, from time to time, to alter and change the very constitution of the bank which nominally held it.
4th. No individual, not even the president and directors, owned one cent- of the capital stock, or could receive, in any form, the slightest profit from it; or regulate and dispose of it otherwise than according to the pleasure of the legislature.
It is impossible to conceive a more perfect property. The corporation owned nothing. it used nothing, except as the agent and representative of the state.
Under these circumstances, can it be pretended, that notes issued upon this property, and secured by it, were the notes of the bank, and not of the state? They circulated on the faith and credit of the fund, or of the owner of the fund. To call them the notes of the corporation, is a gross perversion of the plainest truth. They were the notes of the state, and actually issued out of the treasury of the state. The covering is too thin for judicial eyes.
In the whole history of bills of credit, there is not one case more bald, so far as funds and credit are concerned.
But it has been argued that the funds were vested in the corporation, and that they were ample to secure the payment of the notes, which were payable in gold and silver; and the corporation might be sued. How were they vested in the corporation? The president and directors were, by the 2d section, made a corporation, "able and capable, in law, to have, purchase, receive, possess, enjoy-and retain, to themselves and their successors, lands, rents, tenements, hereditaments, goods and chattels, of what-kind, nature, or quality soever, and the same to sell, grant, alien, demise and dispose of." But when or how was their capacity in this respect satisfied or used? Were the lands from which the capital was to arise ever transferred to them? Was the state's capital in the bank of Kentucky? Never. The corporation never owned either. It was not intended that they should. The capital was to he created out of their profits, after the wants of the state were supplied. They never owned any of the property. Even the profits which.might arise under the loans and the mortgages by which they were to be secured, was, after payment of the necessary expenses, to be "subject to the dispositi in of the legisla-
VOL. XI.-2 Q

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
ture." See 24th sect. And their whole- capacity of acquiring and holding property, was to be "subject, nevertheless, to the rules, regulations, restrictions and provisions, in this act." In other words, subject to the absolute control of the legislature; subject to the wants of the government; subject to the annual appropriations by law. None of the property was ever vested in the corporation as owners, but only as agents or trustees of the state: trustees, too, compelled to act at all times, not by the covenants in the trust, but by the command of the cestui que trust.
As to the value and sufficiency of the fund, but little need be said. It is,.at best, proved only by allegations of counsel; founded upon no evidence before the Court. The lands were most uncertain in their proceeds; they might or might not produce funds to pay the notes, or form a capital. And they might at any moment have been transferred by the state, or given up; as is the fashion of the day, elsewhere, to actual settlers. The capital of 500,000 dollars in the Bank of Kentucky, and its profits, were, if possible, in a worse condition. It was previously encumbered by law, according to my recollection, to two-thirds of its amount; and was liable to further burdens. The bank had stopped payment; and its very incompetency occasioned the charter of this bank.
But if the fund was so ample, why did the notes depreciate? They fell, as the Court has been informed, fifty per cent.; and were at that point when they were loaned to the plaintiffs in error.
The truth on this point is, that the bank never had any funds. It went into operation before any part of the capital was or could be paid in; and issued its notes, and took its mortgages and otber securities from the borrowers. It was created on the 29th November, 1820, and went into operation 1st May, 1821; and never, during its existence, received, from any quarter, an hundredth part of the three millions which it was authorized to emit. The position of the pleadings, as has been said, determines this fact. The plea denies that the capital was real, or the fund sufficient, and the demurrer admits the truth of the allegation; and it makes, in this, no admission contrary td the truth. The bank never had any capital except its own notes; its own promises to pay: and these, it is quite too absurd to regard as constituting capital, or giving ability to pay gold and silver.
Again. The promise was to pay gold and silver; and the promise might be, and has been enforced. In this respect, these notes are only equal to all former bills of credit. They all, without exception, pro-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.] mised in substance to pay gold and, silver; they bore this undertaking on their face. But did they do it? Was it not the promise, and the failure to perform, that covered them with the mantle of fraud and imposition, and created the bitter denunciation of the people, and the constitutional prohibition of their government? And if this hank paid gold and silver, how happened it that its notes depreciated so enormously? It run the career of all its predecessors.
The reference to the payment enforced by this Court, is to the case of Com. Bank v. Wister, in 2 Pet. 324. That was the case of a deposit, not of the loan of its notes. It was the -ayment of money received; not of gold and silver for its promises, its bills of credit. And if, after judgment and execution, it had declined to pay, out of what would the money-have been made? Of the property of the president and directors? This could not have been touched. Of the capital of the bank; It had no existence. Of the profits? These might have been appropriated by the state, and removed out of the way even of the process of this Court. Could the creditor take the lands; the stock of the Kentucky Bank; the money in deposit? He would have come, at last, to depend, as in all other like cases, on the honour, and faith, and credit of the good commoinwealth of Kentucky. He might have found himself in possession of a right, without a remedy. In this respect, the promises of this agent of the commonwealth stand precisely on the ground of. the old bills of credit. They were protected by funds quite as respectable and as safe as these. And some of those of the old congress, were better; for the Court will recollect, that in one instance, it pledged all the colonies.
The next argument which I am called to consider, has relation to the persons by whom the notes or bills were issued. It is said that they must be officers of the state; and I understand it to be admitted, at least not denied, that if these notes had been issued by the governor, auditor, treasurer, or a commissioner, or commissioners, appointed, as of old times, for the purpose, and to act for the state, they might be regarded as bills of the state; and, of course, bills of credit.
Upon .what principle does this admission rest? -The officers named; the governor, auditor, and treasurer; are not officers for this purpose., If they sign and issue bills, it is not in virtue of their offices; it is no part of their official duty: but they do it as. a special duty, assigned to them by law. Might not the same duty be assigned to any other persons in the state, and they represent and be

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Conmmonwealth of Kentucky.1] its agents precisely in the same sense, and with the same binding obligation on their principal? It would puzzle ingenuity to define the distinction.
In answer, then, to the objection, I maintain that the president and directors of the Commonwealth's Bank v ere the special officers, the selected agents of the state for this duty.
They were appointed annually by the legislature, as all other officers were. Sec. 1, of principal act, page 35, and sec. 3. of supplement, page 166.
They gave bonds, not to the corporation, but to the state, as other officers do. They took an oath of office, like others. They were required to keep minutes or records of their acts, to be laid before the legislature, their creators, or before any committee of that body, (sec. 16,) that their official conduct might be known; and they were removable by the resolution of the legislature.
They were made a corporation, that is, united into one body, that they might sue and be sued. But this was solely to enable them to act as the officer or agent of the state; not to give them a right to act for themselves 'or others, or to give any interest in the property, or any rights other than the treasurer or auditor might have had. Suppose the treasurer of the state, for the time being, had been commanded, and been made a corporation, to issue these notes and'perform these duties, and to sue and be sued; what would have been his character, and how would the notes have been regarded? He would have been the officer of the state still, and the notes, the notes of the state. I demand, then, to have the difference e-,plained: if judgmeuf is to be pronounced against the plaintiffs in error, and the constitutionality of this law affirmed by this tribunal.
The duty which these officers had to discharge was little more than to issue the notes from what the law calls "small change," to any amount up to 100 dollars, and take security for them; sec. 4, and sec. 16 anfd 17 of sup. page 170; to keep the treasury, and to account for the profits. And all this, not for themselves, but for the state.
Their loans were to be only to the government and citizens of Kentucky; and these loans were to Be negotiable and payable as money. see. 22.
But there is still another fcature which makes this law unconstitutional. The money issued was made a tender by sec. 20. rhe

JANUAgY TERM, 1837.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
securities taken for loans of this money, are to be considered. as of record from their date, and have priority of -all mortgages and conveyances not previously recorded. The property might be sold in sixty days, and bought in; the debts for this money thus became debts of superior dignity, and were to be first paid. The notes were to be received for cax.aensd dues to government, and for county levies, for officers' fees and salaries. And by an act of 25th December, 1820, which may be regarded as contemporaneous with the charter, executions were suspended for two years, unless the creditor would endorse thereon that these notes would be received in payment; and if a sale took place, it must be with a credit of two years. The law thus enforced the receipt of these bills of credit as legal currency. The constitution intended by its prohibition to forbid all interference with the legal currency. A stay for two years, made it a tender for two years. The power which could do this for two, could do it for twenty years. But my object in referring to these provisions is to draw from them the character which the state meant to give to the money. It clearly regarded these notes as money; and meant to make them a legal currency among its citizens, in virtue of its own powers and credit, the precise object'of all the old laws authorizing bills of credit When did any state do this in regard to bills of corporations or individuals? Had they been the property of the corporation, would they have been thus protected? Would it not have been a gross violation of that plain provision of the constitution, that forbids the impairing of contracts? Indeed, if the two acts of 29th November, and 25th December, can be regarded as contemporaneous, and parts of the same system; that provision of the constitution applies to this law with irresistible force.
The attempt has thus been made to investigate the meaning of the constitution and the provisions of the law of Kentucky, and compare them; and the result which seems to have been reached is respectfully submitted. The constitution of .the United States forbids a state to issue bills resting upon its funds and credit; and is not to be evaded by mere finesse, and forms, and names. 'It looks to the substance. The notes of the Commonwealth Bank were the notes of the state, issued by its officers fdr the state; relying for redemption on the property and faith of the state; and circulated for the profit of the state, and not of the bank, or of any individual citizens. The law then was in violation of the constitution; and is void.
But does the case rest on argument and illustration? It ha already

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
been decided. I have regarded the case of Craig v. Missouri, as conclusive of the judgment of this Court upon the question involved here. Not only is that judgment, as pronounced by Chief Justice Marshall, clear and explicit; but the grounds assumed by the dissenting judges confirm the principles now advocated.
That case is before the Court, and I can hope to add nothing to its force; but I may suggest that the grounds of doubt with the dissenting judges do not exist in this case.
I am unable to perceive a distinction between the cases, which will justify the condemnation of the Missouri paper, and the support of that of Kentucky; unless it be that the former was signed and issued under the authority of law, by persons called auditor and treasurer; and the latter was signed and issued under the authority of law by persons called The Commonwealth Bank of Kentucky: a distinction without a difference. Both were by agents of the state, acting for the state; and the acts were thus acts of the state. I am yet to understand how a state can do that by a corporation, which it cannot do by other agency. If that be the principle, its annunciation from a tribunal of justice, will give new light upon constitutional law to the people of this country.
I have presented the argument, and do not now turn aside to inquire into the conduct of the state, or the gains she may have made by the issuing and burning of her paper. If she had taken mortgages on the lands of all her citizens for her depreciated paper, and brought them all to her granaries, as Joseph did in Egypt; it is a matter to be settled between her and them. If she has made money out of them, they must seek the appropriate satisfaction.
Nor do I detain the Court by balancing moral results between her issue of depreciated paper, and the plaintiffs in error refusing to pay still more, after they have already paid more than what they received was worth. The only morality which is to be regarded in argument before, or in its decision, by this high tribunal; is that prescribed by the constitution and laws of the country. It is, in this day, the safe morality, every where.
I ask for their vindication, and fear no consequences. The disastrous day which my most eloquent opponent depicted, will be found, not when any constitutional restraint shall be enforced either on individuals or states; but when the commafnds of the constitution shall be disregarded; and this last shield for its protection shall show itself too weak to bear the weapqns which are hurled

JANUARY TERM, 837.

ki11

[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.j
against it. Believing that that time has not yet arrived, I confidently anticipate its support, by the judgment of the Court in favour of the plaintiffs in error.

Mr. Justice M'Lr.AN, delivered the opinion of the Court. This case is brought before this Court, by a writ of error from the court of appeals of the state of Kentucky; under the 25th section of the judiciary act of 1789. An action was commenced by the Bank of the Commonw ealth of Kentucky, against the plaintiffs.in error, in the Mercer circuit court of Kentucky, on a note for 2,048 dollars 37 cents, payable to the president and directors of the bank; and the defendants filed two special pleas, in the first of which oyer was prayed of the note on which suit was brought, and they say that the plaintiff ought not to have, &c. because the note was given on the renewal of a like note, given to the said bank; and they refer to tlM act establishing the bank, and allege, that it never received any part of the capital stock specified in the act; that the bank was authorized to issue bills of credit, on the faith of the state, in violation of the constitution of the United States. That, by various statutes, the notes issued were made receivable in discharge of executions, and if not so received, the collection of the money should be delayed, &c.; and the defendants aver, that the note was given to the bank on a loan of its bills, and that the consideration, being illegal, was void. The second plea presents, substantially, the same facts. To both the pleas, a general demurrer was filed; and the court sustained the demurrer, and gave judgment in favour of the bank. This judgment was removed, by appeal, to the court of appeals, which is the highest court of judicature in the state, where the judgment of the circuit court was affirmed; and being brought before this Court by writ of error, the question is presented whether the notes issued by the bank are bills of-credit, emitted by the state, in violation of the constitution of the United States. This cause is approached, under a full sense of its magnitude. Important as have been the great questions brought before this tribunal for investigation and decision, none hiave exceeded, if they have equalled, the importance of that which arises in this case. The amount of property involved in the principle, is very large; but this amount, however great, could not give to the case the deep interest
wJich is connected with its political aspect.

312

SUPREME COURT.

[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
There is no principle on which the sensibilities of communities are so easily excited, as that which acts upon the currency; none of which states are so jealous, as that which is restrictive of the exercise of sovereign powers.- These topics are, to some extent, involved
in the present case. It does not belong to this Court to select the subjects of their de-
liberations; but they cannot shrink from the performance of any duty imposed by the constitution and laws.
The definition of the terms bills of credit, as used in the constitution, -itshe first requisite in the investigation of this.subject; and if this be not impracticable, it will be found a work of no small difficulty. Even in standard works on the exact sciences, the terms used are not always so definite as to express only the idea intended. In works on philosophy there is, generally, still less precision of language. But in political compacts, more is often left for construction, than in most other compositions.
This results, in a great degree, from the elements employed in the formation of such compacts; certain interests are to be conciliated and protected; the force of local prejudices must be met and overcome; and habits and modes of action the most opposite, are to be reconciled. This was peculiarly the case in the formation of the constitution -f the United States. And instead of objecting to it, on account of the vagueness of scme of its terms; its general excellence, both as it regards its principles and language, should excite our admiration.
The terms bills of credit, in their mercantile sense, comprehend a great variety of evidences of debt, which circulate in a commercial country. In -the early history of banks, it seems their notes were generally denominated bills of credit; .but in modern times they have lost that designation; and are now called, either bqnk bills, or bank notes.
But the inhibition of the constitution applies to bills of credit, in a more limited sense.
It would be difficult to classify the bills of credit, which were issued in the early history of this country. They were all designed to circulate as money, being issued under the laws of the respective colonies; but the forms were various in the different colonies, and often in the sbme colony.
In some cases they were payable with interest, in others without

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

313

[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.] interest. Funds, arising from certain sources of taxation were pledged for their redemption, in some instances; in others they were issued without such a pledge. They were sometimes made a legal tender, at others not. In some instances, a refusal to receive them operated as a.discharge of the debt; in others, a postponement of it.
They were sometimes payable on demand; at other times, at some future period. At all times the bills were receivable for taxes, and in payment of debts due to the public; except, perhaps, in some instances, where they bad become so depreciated as to be of little or no value.
These bills were frequently issued by-committees, and sometimes by an officer of the government, or an individual designated for that
purpose. The bills of credit emitted by the states, during the revolution,
and prior to the adoption of the constitution, were iot very dissimilar from those which the colonies had been in the practice of issuing. There were some characteristics, which were common to all these bills. They were issued by the colony or state, and on its credit. For in cases where funds were pledged, the bills were to be redeemed at a future period, and gradually as the means of redemption should accumulate. In some instances, congress guaranteed the, payment of bills emitted by a state.
They were, pernaps, never convertiom into gold and- silver, immediately on their emission; as they were issued to supply the pressing pecuniary wants of the government, their circulating as money was indispensable. The necessity which required their emission, precluded the possibility of their immediate redemption.
In the case of Craig et a]. v. The State of Missouri, 4 Peters, 410; this Court was called upon, for the first time, to determine what constituted a bill of credit, within the meaning of the constitution. A majority of the judges in that case, in the language of the Chief Justice, say, that "-bills of credit signify a paper medium, int6nded to circulate between individuals, and between government and individuals, for the ordinary purposes of society."
A definition so geheral as this, would certainly embrace every description of paper which circulates a money.
Two of the dissenting judges on that occasion, gave a more definite, though, perhaps, a less accurate meaning, of the terms bills of credit.
By one of them it was said, "a bill of credit may, therefore, be
VOL. XI.-2 R

SUPREME COURT.

I"

[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.)

considered a bill drawn and resting merely on the credit of the

drawer, as contradistinguished from a fund constituted or pledged,

for the payment of the bill." And, in the opinion of the other,

it is said, "to constitute a bill of credit, within the meaning of

the constitution, it must be issued by a state, and its circulation,

as money, enforced by statutory provisions. It must contain a pro-

mise of payment by the state generally, when no fund has been

appropriated to enable the holder to convert it into money. It

must be circulated on the credit of the state; not that it will be

paid on presentation, but that the state, at some future period, on

a time fixed or resting in its own discretion, will provide for the

payment."

These definitions cover a large class of the bills of credit issued

and circulated as money, but there are classes which they do not

embrace; an-l it is believed that no definition, short of a descrip-

tion of each class, would be entirely free from objection; unless it

be in the general terms used by the venerable and lamented Chief

Justice.

The definition, then, which dogs include all classes of bills of

credit emitted by the colonies or states; is, a paper issued by the

sovereign power, containing a pledge of its faith, and designed to

circulate as money.

Having arrived at this point, the next inquiry in the case is

whether the notes of the Bank of the Commoniwealth were bills of

credit, within the meaning of the constitution.

The first section of the charter provides, that the bank, shall be

established in the name and behalf of the commonwealth of Ken-

tucky, under the direction of a president and twelve directors, to

be chosen by joint ballot of both houses of the general assembly,

&c. The second provides that the president and directors of the

hank, and their successors in office, shall be a corporation and body

politic, in law and in fact, by the name and style of the president

and directors of the Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, and

shall be capable, in law, to sue and be sued, to purchase and sell

every description-of property.

In the third, section it is declared, thaf the stock of the bank

shall be exclusively the property of the commonwealth of Ken-

"tucky, and that no individual shall own any part of it.

The fourth section" authorizes the president and directors to issue

notes, &c.; and in the fifth section it is declared, that the capital stock

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

315

[Brisdoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
shall be two millions of dollars, to be paid as follows: "all moneys hereafter paid into the treasury for the purchase of the vacajt land of the commonwealth; all moneys paid into the treasury for the purchase of land warrants; all moneys received for the sale of vacant lands west of the Tennessee river, and so much of the capital stock owned by the state in the Bank of Kentucky:" and as the treasurer of the state received these moneys from time to time, he was required to pay the same into the bank.
The bank was authorized to receive moneys on deposite, to make loans on good personal security, or on mortgages; and by the ninth section, the hank was prohibited from increasing its debts beyonu double the amount of its capital.
Certain limitations were imposed on loans to individuals, and the accommodations of the bank-were to be apportioned among the different counties of the state..
The president was required to make- a report to each session of the legislature. The notes were to be made payable in gold and silver, and were receivable in payment of taxes and other debts due to the state. All mortgages executed to the batik, gave to it a priority. By a supplementary act 'it was provided, that the president and -directors might issue three millions of dollars.
In 1821, an act was passed, authorizing the treasurer of the state to receive the dividends of the bank.
The notes issued by the bank were in the usual form of bank notes, in which the Bank of the Commonwealth promised to pay to the bearer on demand, the sum specified on the face of the note.
There is no evidence of any part of the capital having been paid into the bank; and as the pleas, to which the demurrers were filed, aver that no part of the capital was paid, the fact averred is admitted on the record.
It is to be regretted that any technical point arising on the pleadings should be relied on in this case; which involves principles and interests of such deel importance. 'Had the bank pleaded over and stated the amount actually paid into it by the state, under the charter; the ground on which it stands would have been strengthened.
As the notes of the bank were receivable in payment for land, and land warrants, and perhaps constituted no inconsiderable part of the circulation of the state; the natural operation would be for the treasurer to receive the notes of the bank, and pay them over to it, as

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
a part of its capital. This would be to the bank equal to a payment in the notes of other banks, as itwould lessen the demand against it; leaving to the bank the securities on the original discounts.
.The notes of this bank, as also the notes of the bank of Kentucky, ,by an act of the legislature, were required to be received in discharge of all executions by plaintiffs; and if they failed to endorse on the executions, that they would be so received; further proceedings -on the judgments were delayed two years.
On the part of the plaintiffs in error, it is contended, that the provision  in the constitution, that "no state shall coin money," " emit bills of credit," or  make any thing but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts," are three distinct -owers which are inhibited to the states; and that if the bills of the Bank of the Commonwealth were substantially made a tender, by an act of the legislature of Kentucky, it must be fatal to the action of the bank in this case.
It is unnecessary to consider on this head, whether the above provision of the act of the legislature, making these notes receivable in discharge of executions, is substantially a tender-law; as such a question, however it might arise on the execution, cannot reach the obligation giyen to the bank. If the legislature of a state attempt to make the notes of any bank a tender, the act will be unconstitutional; but such~attempt could not affect, in any degree, the constitutionalityof the bank. The act referred to in the present case, was tiot connected with the charter of the bank. So far as this act has a bearing on the bills issued by this bank, and- may tend to show their proper character, it may be considered.
But the main grounds on which the counsel for the plaintiffs rely, is, that the Bank of the Commonwealth, in emitting the bills in question, acted as the agent of the state; and that, consequently, the bills were issued by the state.
That, as a state is prohibited from issuing bills of credit, it cannot do indirectly, what it is prohibited from doing directly.
That the constitution intended to place the regulation of the currency under the control of the federal'government; and that the act of Kentucky is not only in violation of the spirit'of the constitutior, but repugnant to its letter.
These tolpics have been ably 'discussed at the' bar, and in a printed argument on behalf of the plaintiffs.
That by the constitution, the currency, so far' as it is composed of

JANUARY TERM 1837.

317

[Brisdoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
gold and silver, is placed under the exclusive.control of congress, is clear; and it is contended, from the inhibition on the states to emit bills of credit, that the paper medium was intended to be made subject to the same power.
If this argument be correct, and the position that a state cannot do indirectly, what it is prohibited from doing directly, be a sound bne; then it must follow, as a necessary consequence, that all banks incorporated by a state are unconstitutional. And this; in the printed - argument, is earnestly maintained; though it is admitted not to be necessary to sustain the ground assumed for the plaiitiffs. The counsel of the plaintiffs, who have argued the case at the bar, do not carry the argument to this extent.
This doctripe is startling, as it strikes a fatal blow against the state banks; which have a capital of near four hundred millions of dollars, and which stipply almost the entire circulating medium of the country. But, let us for a moment examine it dispassionately.
The federal government is one of delegated powers. All powers "not delegated to it, or inhibited to the states, are reserved to the states, or to the people.
A state cannot emit bills of credit; or, in other words, it cannot issue that description of paper to answer the purposes of money, which was denominated, before the adoption of the constitution, bills of credit. But a state may grant acts of incorporation for the attainment of-those objects which are essential to the interests of society. This power is incident to sovereignty; and there is no limitation in the federal constitution, 6n its exercise by the states, in respect to the incorporation of banks.
At the time the constitution was adopted, the Bank of North America, and the Massachusetts Bank, and some others, were in operation. It cannot, therefore, be supposed that the notes of these banks were intended to be inhibited by the constitution; or that they were considered as bills of credit, within the meaning of that instrument. In fact, in many of their most distinguishing characteristics, they were essentially different from bills of credit, in any of the various forms in which they were issued.
If, then, the powers not delegated to the federal government, nor denied to the states, are retained by the states or the people; and by a fair construction of the terms bills, of credit, as Ulsed'in the constitution, they do not include ordinary bank notes: does it hot follow

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentuck3
that the power to incorporate banks to issue these notes may be ex-
ercised by a state? A uniform course of action, involying the right to the exercise of
an important power by the state governments, for half a century; and this almost without question; is no unsatisfactory evidence that the power is rightfully exercised. But this inquiry, though embraced in the printed argument does not belong to the case, and is aban-
doned at the bar. A state cannot do that, which the federal constitution declares it
shall not do., It cannot coin money. Here is an act inhibited in terms so precise that they cannot be mistaken. They are susceptible of but one construction. And it is certain that a state cannot incorporate any number of individuals, and authorize them to coin money. Such an act would be as much a violation of the constitution, as if the money were coined by an officer of the state, under its authority. The act being prohibited, cannot be done by a state, either directly,
or indirectly. And the same rule applies as to the emission of bills of credit by
a state. The terms used here are less specific, than those which relate to coinage. Whilst no one can mistake the latteir; there are great differences of opinion as to the construction of the former. If the terms in each case were equally definite, and were usceptible of but one construction, there could be no more difficulty in applying the rule in the one case than in the other.
The weight of the argumerit is admitted, that a state cannot, by any device that may be adopted, emit bills of credit. But the question arises, what is a bill of credit within the meaning of the constitution? On the answer of this, must depend the constitutionality or unconstitutionality of the act in question.
A state can act only through its agents; and it would be absurd to say, that any act was not done by a state which was done by its au-
thorized agents. To constitute a bill of credit within the constitution, it must be
issued by a state, on the faith of the state, and be designed to circulate as money. It must be a paper which circulates on the credit of the state; and is so received and used in the ordinary business of life.
The individual or committee who issue the bill, must have the power to binxd the state; they mpst act as agents, and of course do not incur ary personal responsibility, nor impart, as individuals, any

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

319

[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
credit to the paper. These are the leading characteristics of a bill of credit, which a state cannot emit.
Were the notes of the Bank of the Commonwealth, bills of credit, issued by the state?
The president and directors of the bank were incorporated, and vested with all the powers usually given to banking institutiops. They were authorized to make loans on personal security, and bn mortgages of real estate. Provisions were made, and regulations, common to all banks; but'there are other parts of the charter which, it is contended) show that the president and directors acted merely as agents of the state.
In the preamble of the act, it is declared to be "expedient and beneficial to the state, and the citizens thereof, to establish a bank':on the funds of the state, for the purpose of discounting paper hnd making loais for longer periods than has been customary;, and for the relief of the distresses of the community."
The president and directors were elected by the legislature. The capital of the bank belonged to the state, and it received the dividends.
These and other parts of the charter, it is argued, show, that the bank was a mere instrument of the state to issue bills; and that, if by such a device, the provision of the constitution may be evaded, it must become a nullity.
That there is much plausibility and some force in this argument, cannot be denied; and it would be in vain to assert that on this head, the case is clear of difficulty.
The preamble of the act to incorpbrate the bank, shows the object of its establishment. It was intended to "relieve the distresses of the community;" and the same reason was assigned, it is truly said, for the numerous emissions of paper money, during the revolution, and prior to that period.
To relieve the distresses of the community, or the wants of the government, has been the common reason assigned for the increase of a paper medium, at all times and in all countries. When a measure of -relief is determined on, it is never difficult to ind plausible reasons for its adoption. And it would seem in regard to this subject, that the present generation has profited but little from the 'experience of past ages.
The notes of this bank, in common with the notes of all other banks in the state, and indeed, throughout the Union, with some ex-

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky ]
ceptions, greatly depreciated. This arose from various causes then existing; and which, under similar circumstances, must always produc'e the same result.
The intention of the legislature in establishing the bank, as expressed in the preamble, must be considered in connection with every. part of the act; and the question must be answered, whether the notes of the bank were bills of credit within the inhibition of the constitution.
Were these notes issued by the state? Upon their face, they do. not purport to be issued by the state, but by the president and directors of the bank. They promise to pay to bearer on demand the sums stated. Were they issued on the faith of the state? The notes contain no pledge of the faith of the state, in any form. T.ey purport to have been issued on the credit of the funds of the bank, and must have been so received in the community. But these funds, it is said, belonged to the state; and the promise to pay on the face of the notes was -made by the president and directors, as agents of the state. They do not assume to act as agents, and there is no law which authorizes them to bind the state. As in, perhaps, all bank charters, they had the power to issue a certain amount of notes; but they determined the time and circumstances which should regulate these issues. ,When a state emits bills of credit, the amount to be issued is fixed by law, as also the fund out of which they are to be paid, if any fund be pledged for their redemption; -and they are issued on the credit of the state, which' in some form appears upon the face of the notes, or by the signature of the person who issues them. As to the funds of the Bank of the Commonwealth, they were, in. part only, derived from the state. The capital, it is true, was to be paid by the state; but in makin-g loans, the bank was required to take good securities;, and these constituted a fund, to which the holders of the notes could look for payment, and which could be made legally responsible. In this respect the notes of this bank w3re essentially different from any class of bills of credit, which are believed to have been issued. The notes were not only payable in gold and silver, on demand; but there was a. fund, and, in all probability, a sufficient fund. to redeem

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.] them. This fund was in possession of the bank, and under the control of the president and directors. But whether the fund was adequate to the redemption of the notes-issued, or not; is immaterial to .the present inqui'y. It is enough that the fund existed, independent of the state, and was sufficient to give some degree of credit to the paper of the bank.
The question is not whether the t3ank.of the Commonwealth had a large capital or a small one, or whether its notes were in good credit or bad: but whether they were issued by the state; and on the faith and credit of the state. The notes were received in payment of taxes, and in discharge of all debts to the state; and this, aided by the fund arising from notes discounted, with prudent management, under favourable circumstances, might have sustained, and it isbelieved did sustain to a considerable extent, the credit of the bank. The notes of this bankt which are still in circulation are equal in value, it is said, to specie.
But there is another quality which distinguished these notes from bills of credit. Every holder of them could not only look to tie funds of the bank for payment, but he had, in his power, the means of enforcing it.
The bank could be sued; and the records of this Court show, that while its paper was depreciated, a suit was prosecuted to judgment against it, bya depositor; and who obtained from the bank, it is admitted, the full amount of his judgment, in specie.
What means of enforcing payment from the state had the holder of a bill of credit. It is said by the counsel for the. plaintiffs, that he could have sued the state. But was a state liable to be sued?
In the case of Chisholms Executor v. The State of Georgia, in 1792, it was decided, that a state could be sued before this Court; and this led to the adoption of the.amendment of the constitution, on this subject. But the bills of credit which were emitted, prior to the constitution, are those that show the mischief against which the inhibition was intended to operate. And we must look to that period, as of necessity 'Wehave done, for the definition and character of a bill of credit.
No sovereign state is liable to be sued without her consent Under the articles of confederation, a state could be sued only in cases of boundary. . It is believed that there is no case where a suit has been brought, at any time, on bills of credit, against a state; and. it is certain that
VOL. XI.-2 S

SUPREME COURT;
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]. no suit could have been maintained, on this ground, prior to the constitution.
In the year 1769, the colonial legislature of Maryland passed an "act for emitting bills of credit;" in which bills to the amount of 318,000 dollars were authorized to be struck, under the direction of two commissioners, whom the governor should appoint. These persons were to be styled, "commiisioners for emitting bills of credit ;" by that name to have succession, to sue or be sued, in all cases relative to their trust. The commissioners were authorized to make loans on good security, to draw bills of exchange on London, under certain circumstances; and they were authorized to reissue the bills issued by them.
In the year 1712, it' is stated in Hewit's History of South Caro-_ lina, the legislature of that colony established a public bank; and issued forty-eight thousand pounds, in bills of credit, called bank bills. The money was to be lent out at interest 'on landed or personal security.
The bills emitted under these acts are believed to be peculiar, and unlike all other emissions under the colonial governments. But a slight examination of the respective acts will show, that the bills authorized by them, were emitted on the credit of the colonies; and were essentially different from the notes in question.
The holders of these. bills could not convert them into specie; they could bring no suit. The' Maryland bill was as follows: "This indented bill of six d6llars shall entitle the bearer hereof, to receive bills of exchange payable in London, or gold and silver at the rate of four shillings and six pence per dollar, for the said bill, according to the directions of an act of the assembly of, Maryland, -dated at Annapolis: signed by R. Conden and J. Clapham."
If the leading properties of the notes of the Bank of the Commonwealth were essentially different from any of the *numerous classes of bills of credit, issued by the states or colonies; if they were not emitted by the state, nor upon its credit, but on the credit of the funds of the bank; if they were payable in gold and silver on derand, and the holder could sue the bank; and if to constitute a -bill of credit, it must be issued by a state, and on the credit of the state, and the holder could not, by legal means, compel the payment of the bill; how can tle character of these two descriptions of paper .b. e considered as identical? They were both circulated as money; but in name, in form, and in substance, they differ.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]

It is insisted that the principles of this case were settled in the-

suit of Craig et al. v. The State of Missouri.

In that case the Court.decided that the following paper, issued

under a legislative act of Missouri, was a bill of credit, within the

meaning of the constitution:

"This certificate shall be receivable at the treasury, or any of the

loan offices of the state of Missouri, in the discharge of taxes or

debts due to the state, in the sum of

dollars, with interest

for the samc, at the rate of two per cent. per annum, from the date."

By the act, certificates in this form, of various amounts, were issued

and were receivable in discharge of all taxes or debts due to the state;'

and in payment of salaries of state'officers.

Four of the seven judges considered that these certificates were

designed to circulate a- money; that they were issued on the credit

of the state; and consequently were repugnant to the constitution.

These certificates were loaned on good security, at different loan

offices of the state; and were signed by the auditor and treasurer of

state. They were receivable in payment of salt, at the public salt

works, "and the proceeds of the salt springs, the interest accruing

to the state; and all estates purchased by officers under the provi-

sions of the act, and all the debts then due, or which should become

due to the state, were pledged and constituted a fund for the redemp-

tibn of the certificates;" and the faith of the state was also pledged

for the same purpose.

It is only necessary to compare these certificates with the notes

issued by the Bank of the Commonwealth, to see that no two things

which have any property in commop, could be more unlike. They

both circulated as money, and were receivable on public account;

but in every other particular they were essentially different.

If to constitute a bill of credit, either the form or substance of the

Missouri certificate is requisite; it is clear that the notes of the Bank

of the Commonwealth, cannot be called bills of credit. To include

both papers under one designation, would confound the most im-

portant distinctions; not only as to their form and substance, but also

as to. their origin and effect.

There is no principle decided by the Court in the case of Craig v.

The State of Missouri, which at all conflicts with the views here

presented. Indeed the views of the Court are sustained and. strength-

ened, by contrasting the present case with that one.

The state of Kentucky is the exclusive stockholder in the Bank of

SUPREME COURT.
[Brisceoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
the Commonwealth: but does this fact change the character of the corporation? Does it make the bank identical with the state? Anl are the operations of the bank the operations of the state? Is the bank, the mere instrument of the sovereignty, to effectuate its designs; and is the state responsible for its acts?
The answer to these inquiries will be given in the language of this Court, used in former adjudications.
In the case of the Bank "of the United States v. The Planters' Bank, 9 Wheat. 904, the Chief Justice, in giving the opinion of the Court, says, "it is, we think, a sound principle, that when a government becomes a partner in any trading company, it divests itself, so far as concerns the transactions of that company, of its sovereign character, and takes that of a private citizen. Instead of communieating to the company its privileges and its prerogatives, it descends to a level with those with whom it associates itself; and takes the character which belongs to its associates and to the business which is to be transacted. Thus, many states of the Union who have an interest in banks, are not suable even in their own courts; yet they never exempt the, corporation from being sued. The state of Georgia, by giving to the bank the capacity to sue and be sued, voluntarily strips itself of its sovereign character, so far as respects the transactions of the bank; and waives all the privileges of that character. As a member of a corporation, a government never exercises its sovereigntf. It acts merely as a corporator, and exercises no other powpr in the management of the affairs of the corporation, than are expressly given by the incorporating act."
"The government becoming a corporator lays down its sovereignty, so far as respects the transactio";is of the corporation; and exercises no power .or privilege which is not derived from the charter."
"The state does not, by becoming a corporator, identify itself with the corporation."
In the case of the Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky v. Wister and others, 3 Peters, 318, the question was raised whethet a suit could be maintained against the bank, on the ground that it was substantially a suit against the state.
The agents of the defendants deposited a large sum in the bank; and when the deposite was demanded, the bank offered to pay the amount in its own notes, which were ft a discount. The notes were refused, and a suit was commenced on the certificate of deposite.
A judgment being entered against the bank, in the circuit court of

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Briscoc v. The Bank or the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
Kentucky; a writ of error was brought to this Court. In the court below, the defendant pleaded to the jurisdiction, on the ground that the state of Kentucky alone was the proprietor of the stock of the bank; for which reason, it was insisted that the suit was virttually against a sovereign state.
Mr. Justice Johnson, in giving the opinion of the Court, after copying the language used in the case above quoted, says, "If a state did exercise any other power in or over a bank, or impart to it its sovereign attributes, it would be hardly possible to distinguish the issue of the paper of such banks from a direct issue of bills of credit; which violation of the constitution, no doubt the state here intended to avoid."
Can language be more explicit and more appropriate than .. is, to the points under consideration?
This Court further say, "the defendants pleaded to the jurisdiction on the ground that the state of Kentucky was sole proprietor of the stock of the bank, for which reason it was insisted that the suit was virtually against a sovereign state. But the Court is of opinion that the question is no longer open here. The case of the United States Bank v. The Planters' Bank of Georgia, was a much stronger case for the defendants than the present; for there the state of Georgia was not only a proprietor, but a corporator. Here the state is not a corporator; since, by the terms of the act, the president and directors alone constitute the body corporate, the metaphysical person liable to suit."
If the bank acted as the agent pf the state under an unconstitutional charter, although the persons engaged might be held liable, individually; could they have been held responsible as a corporation?
It is true the only question raised by the plea was, whether the bank could be sued, as its stock was owned by the state? But it would be difficult to decide this 'question without, to some extent, considerihg the constitutionality of the charter. And, indeed, it appears that this point did not escape the attention of the Court; for they say, "if a state imparted any of its sovereign attributes to a bank in which it was a stockholder, it would hardly be possible to distinguish the paper of such a bank from bills of credit;" and this, the Court say, "the state in that case intended to avoid."
These extracts cover almost every material point, raised in this investigatio-
They show that a state, when it becomes a stockholder in a bank,

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.] imparts none of its attributes of sovereignty to the institution; and that this is equally the case, whether it own a whole or a part of the stock of the bank.
It is admitted by the counsel for the plaintiffs, that a state may become a stockholder in a bank; but they contend that it cannot become the exclusive owner of the stock. They give no rule by which the interest of a state in such an institution shall be graduated; nor at what point the exact limit shall be fixed. lay a state own one-fourth, one-half, or three-fourths of the stock? If the proper limit be exceeded, does the charter become unconstitutional; and is its constitutionality restored, if the state recede within the limit? The Court are as much at a loss to fix the supposed constitutional boundary of this right, as the counsel can possibly be.
If the state must stop short of owning the entire stock, the precise
point may surely be ascertained. It cannot be supposed, that so important a constitutional principle as contended for exists without limitation.
If a state may own a part of the stock of a bank, we know 9f no principle which prevents it from owning -the whole. As a stockholder, in the language of this Court, above cited, it can exercise no more power in the affairs of the corporation, than is expressly given by the incorporating act. It has no more power than any other stockholder to the same extent.
This Court did not consider, that the character of the incorporation was at all affected by the exclusive ownership of the stock by the state. - And they say, that the case of the Planters' Bank presented stronger ground of defence, than the suit against the Bank of the Commonwealth. That in the former, the state of Georgia was not only a proprietor, but a corporator; and, that in the latter, the president and directors constituted the corporate body. And yet in the case of the Planters' Bank, the Court decided the state could only be considered as an ordinary corporator; bpth as it regarded its powers and responsibilities.
If these positions be correct, is there not an end to this controversy? If the Bank of the Commonwealth is not the state, nor the agent of the state; -if it possess no more power than is given to it in the act of incorporation; and precisely the same as if the stock were owned by private individuals, how can it be contended, that the notes of the bank can be called bills of credit, in contradistinction frorm the notes of other banks?

JANUARY TERM, ,1837.

327

[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
If, in becoming an exclusive stockholder in this bank, the state imparts to it none of its attributes of sovereignty; if it-holds the stock as any other stockholder would hold it; how can it be said to emit bills of credit? Is it not essential to constitute a bill of credit, within the constitution, that it should be emitted by'astate? Under its charter the bank has no power to emit bills which have the impress of the sovereignty, or which contain a pledge of its faith. It is a simple corporation, acting within the sphere of its corporate powers; and can nb more transcend them than any other banking institution. The state, as a stockholder, bears the same relation to the bank as any other stockholder. -
The funds of the bank and its property, of .every description, are held responsible for the payment of its debts; and may be reached by legal or equitable process. In this respect, it can claim no exemption under the prerogatives of the state.
And, if in the course of its operations, its notes have depreciated like the notes of other banks, under the pressure of circumstances; still it must stand or fall by its charter. In this its powers are defined; and its rights, and the rights of those who give credit to it, are guaranteed. And even an abuse of its powers, through which its credit has been impaired and the community injured, cannot be considered in this case.
We are of the opinion, that the act incorporating the Bank of the Commonwealth, was a constitutional exercise of power by the state of Kentucky: and, consequently, that the notes issued by the bank are not bills of credit, within the meaning of the federal constitution. The jud gmefit of the court of appeals is, therefore, affirmed, with interest.and costs.

Mr. Justice THoairsON, concurring. I concur in that part of the opinions of the Court which considers the bills issued by the bank, as. not comin'g under the denomination of bills of credit, prohibited by the constitution of the United States, to be emitted by the states. The two great infirmities which attended the bills of credit which circulated as money, and conic within the mischief intended to be guarded against by the constitutional prohibition; were,-the want of. sonic real and substantial fund being provided for their payment and redemption, and no mode provided for enforcing payment of the same. It is true, that in many, and perhaps in most cases where they

SUPREME COURT.
[Bri.scoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
were issued, provision was made for the redemption of the bills; so far as the promise of the state, through the medium of taxation, might be said to provide the means for payment. But this was illusory, and could in no way be enforced. The bills were always signed by some person, who, upon their face, appeared to act in the character of agent of the state; and who could not, of course, be made personally responsible for their payment; and the state was not suable under the old confederation, nor under the present constitution, even before the amendment in that respect, by citizens of the same state; and those would most likely be the persons who would be the principal holders of the bills issued by the state, of which they were citizens. There being, therefore, no means or enforcing payment of such bills, their credit depended solely upon the faith and voluntary will of the state; and were therefore purely bills of credit. But that is not the situation or character of the bills of the bank in question. There is an ample fund provided for their redemption; and they are issued by a corporation which can be sued, and payment enforced in the courts ofjustice, in the ordinary mode of recovering debts.
If I considered these bank notes as bills of credit, within the sense and meaning of the constitutional prohibition;' I could not concur in opinion with the majority of the Court, that they were not emitted by the state. The state is the sole owner of the stock of the bank; and 'all private interest in it is .expressly excluded. The state has the sole and exclusive management and direction of all its concerns. The corporation is the mere creature of the state, and entirely subject to its control; and I cannot bring myself to the conclusion, that such an important provision in the constitution may be evaded by mere form.
Mr., Justice STORY, dissenting. When this causd was formerly argued before this Court,'a majority of the judges, who then heard it, were decidedly of opinion that the act of Kentucky establishing this bank, was unconstitutional and void; as amounting to an authority to emit bills of credit, for and on behalf of the state, within the. prohibition of the constitution of the United States. In principle it was thought to be decided by the case of Craig v..The State of Missouri, 4 Peters' R. 410. Among that majority was the late Mr. Chief Justice Marshall; a name never to be pronounced without revereice. The cause has been again argued, and precisely upon the same grounds as at the former argumefit. A

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
LBriscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.].
majority of my brethren; have now pronounced the act of Kentucky to be constitutional. I dissent from that opinion: and retaining the same opinion which I held at the first argument, in common with the Chief Justice, I shall now proceed to state the reasons on which -it is founded. I offer no apology for this apparent exception to the course which I have generally pursued, when.I have had the misfortune to differ from my brethren, in maintaining silence; for in truth it is no exception at all, as upon constitutional questions I ever thought it my duty to give a public expression of my opinions, when they differed from that of the Court.
The first question miturally arising in the case is, what is the true interpretation of the clause of the constitution, that "no state shall emit bills of credit." In other words, Wvhat is a bill of credit, in the sense of the constitution? After the decision of the-case of Craig v. The State of Missouri, I had not supposed, that "this was a matter which could be brought into contestation, at least unless the authority of that case was to be overturned; and the Court were to be set adrift from its former moorings. The Chief Justice, in delivering the opinion of the Court upon that occasion, in answer to the very inquiry said; "To emit bills of credit, conveys to the mind the idea of issuing paper, intended to circulate through the community for its ordinary purposes as money, which paper is redeemable at a future day. This is the sense in which it has been always understood." 'Again: "The term has acquired an appropriate meaning; and bills, of credit signify a paper medium, intended to circulate between individuals, and between government and individuals, for the ordinary purposes of society." Again: "If the prohibition means any thing, if the words are not empty iounds, it must comprehend the emission of any paper medium by a state government, for the purposes of common circulation." One should suppose that this language was sufficiently exact and definite to remove all possible doubt upon the point: and it has"the more'weight, because it came fronq one, who was himself an actor in the very times when bills of credit constituted the currency of the whole country; and whose experience justified him in this exposition.
But, it seems, that this definition is not now deemed satisfactory, or to be adhered to; and .a new exposition is sought, which, in its predicaments, shall not comprehend the bills in question. The arguments of the learned counsel for the bank, on the present occasion have, as it appears to me, sought for a definition, which shall exclude
VOL. XI.-2 T

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoe Y. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
any perils to their case; rather than a definition founded in the intention and language of the constitution.
It appears to me, that the true nature and objects of the prohibition, as wdll as its language, can properly be ascertained only by a reference to history; to the mischiefs existing, and which had existed when the constitution was formed; and to the meaning then attached to the phrase "bills of credit," by the people o.f the United States.
If we look into the meaning of the phrase as it is found in the British laws, or in our own laws, as applicable to the concerns of private individuals, or private corporations, we shall find that there is no mystery about the matter; and that when bills of credit are spoken of, the words mean negotiable paper, intended to pass as currency, or as money, by delivery or indorsement. In this sense, all bank notes, or, as the more common phrase is, bank bills, are bills of credit. They are the bills of the party issuing them, on his credit, and the credit of his funds; for the purposes of circulation as currency or money. Thus, for example, as we all know, bank notes payable to the bearer, (or when payable to order, indorsed in blank,) pass in the ordinary intercourse and business of life, as money; and circulate, and are treated as money. They are not, indeed, in a legal and exact sense, money; but, for common purposes, they possess the attributes, and perform the functions of money. Lord Mansfield, in Miller v. Rice, 1 Burr. 457, speaking on the subject of bank notes, observed, "that these notes are not like bills of exhange, mere securities, or documents for debts, and are not so .esteemed; but are treated as money, in .the ordinary course and trarsactions of credit and of business, by the general consent of mankind: and on payment of them, whenever a receipt is required, the receipts are always given as for money, not as for securities 6r notes." And, indeed, so much are they treated as money, that they pass by a will which bequeaths the testator's cash, or money, or property.
In confirmation of what has been already stated, it may be remarked, that in the charter of the Bank of Engiand, in 5th and 6th William and Mary, ch. 20, see. 28, an express provision is made, by which the bill or bills obligatory, and of credit, of the bank, are dedared to be assignable and negotiable. Similar expressions are to be found in the many acts of the American States, incorporating -banks; as as been abundantly shown in the citations at the bar.*
* See tle Acts establishing the Bank of New York, 1791; the Bank of Albany, in Now York; the Bank of Pennsylvania, 1793; the Bank of New Jersey, 1823; the

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

331

[Brihcoe v. The Bank of the Cbmmonwealth of Kentucky.]
The reason is obvious why they are called bills of credit; they are intended to pass as currency, or money; and they are issued on the credit of the bank, or of other persons who are bound by them. Not but that there is a capital fund or stock for their redemption; for, in general, all banks have such a fund: but that the credit is still given to the corporation, and not exclusively to any particular fund. Indeed, in many cases, (as in Massachusetts) the private funds and credit of the corporators, are by law, to a limited extent, made responsible for the notes of banks.
Such then being the true and ordinary meaning applied to bills of
credit, issued by banks and other corporations, that they are negotiable paper, designed to pass as currency, and issued' on the credit of the corporation; there is no mystery in the application of the same terms to the transactions of states. The nature of the thing is iot
changed; the object of the thing is not changed, whether the negotiable paperisissued by a corporation or by a state. Mutato nomine, de te fabula narratur. A bill of credit, then, issued by a state, is negotiable paper, designed to pass as currency, and to circulate ds money. It is distinguishabl-i from the evidences of debt issued by a state for money borrowed, or debts otherwise incurred; not merely in form, but in substance. The form of the instrument is wholly immaterial. It is the substance we are'to look to; the question is, whether it is issued, and is negotiable, and is designed to circulate as currency. If that is its intent, manifested either on the face of the bill, or on the face of the act,
and it is in reality the paper issue of a state; it is within the prohibition of the constitution. If no such intent exists, then it is a constitutional exercise of power by the state. This is the test; the sure, and, in my judgment, the only sincere test, by which we can ascertain whether the paper be within or without the prohibition of the constitution. All other tests, which have hitherto been applied; and all other tests which can be applied, will be illusory, and mere exercises of human ingenuity, to vary the prohibition, and evade its force. Surely, it will not be pretended, that the constitution intended to prohibit
names, and not things; to hold up the solemn mockery of warning with shadows, and suffering realities to escape its grasp? To suffer states, on their own credit, to issue floods of paper money as currency: and if they do not call them bills of credit, if they do not

Bank of Baltimore, 1795; the Bank of Virginia; the State Bank of North Carolina, 1810; the Bank of Georgia; the Bank of Kentucky, &c. &c.

SUPREME COURT.
[Brisecoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
give them the very form and impress of a promise by the state, or in behalf of the state; in the very form, so current, and so disastrous in former times; then they are not within the prohibition. Let the impressive language of Mr. Chief Justice Marshall on this very point, in the case of Craig v. The State of Missouri: a voice now speaking from the dead: let it convey its own admonition, and answer to the argument. "And can this (said he) make any real difference? Is the proposition to be maintained, that the constitution meant to prohibit names; and not things? That a very important act, big with great and ruinous mischief; which is expressly forbidden by words most appropriate for its description.; may be performed by the substitution of a name ? That the constitution, in one of its most important provisions, may be openly evaded; by giving a new name to an old thing? We cannot think so."
But the argument need not be rested here. The question here is, not what is meant by bills of credit, in a nere theoretical sense. But I trust, that I shall abundantly show, that the definition which was given in the case of Craig v. The State of Missouri, and the definition which I maintain, is the true one; stripped of all mystery, and all extraneous ingredients is the true one; confirmed by the whole history of the country: and that the true meaning of bill of credit was just as well known and understood from the past and the passing events at the time of the adoption of the constitution, as the terms, habeas corpus, trial by jury, process of impeachment, bill of attainder, or any other phrase to be found in the technizal vocabulary of the constitution. And I mean to insist, that the history of the colonies, before and during the revolution, and down to the very time of the adoption of the constitution; constitutes the highest and most authentic evidence, to which we can resort, to interpret this clause of the instrument: and to disregard it, would be to blind ourselves to the practical mischiefs which it was meant to suppress; and to forget all the great purposes to which it was to be applied. I trust, that I shall be able further to show, from this very history, that any other definition of bills of credit than that given by the Supreme Court in the case of Craig v. The State of Missouri, is in opposition to the general tenor of that history; as well as to the manifest intention of the framers of the constitution.
Before I proceed further, let me quote a single passage from the Federalist, No. 44; in which the writer, in terms of strong denunciation and indignation, exposes the ruinous effects of the paper money

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Briscoe v. Tb -,Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky]
of the revolution, (universally in those days called by the name of bills of credit, for there was no attempt to disguise their character;) and then adds, "in addition to these persuasive considerations it may be observed, that the same reasons, which show the necessity of denying to the states the power of regulating coin; prove with equal force, that they ought not to be at liberty to substitute a paper medium instead of coin." This passage shows the, clear sense of the writer, that the prohibition was aimed at a paper medium, which was intended to circulate as currency; and to that alone.
But it has been said, that bills of credit, in the sense of the constitution, are those only which are made by the act creating them a tender in payment of debts. To this argument, it might be sufficient to quote the answer of the Chief Justice, in delivering the opinion of the Court in the case of Craig v. The State of Missouri. "The constitution itself," (said he) "furnishes no countenance to this distinction. The prohibition is general. It extends to all bills of credit; not to bills of credit of a particular'description. That tribunal must be bold, indeed, which, without the aid of other explanatory words, could venture on this construction. It is the less admissible in this case, because the same clause of the constitution contains a substantial prohibition t6 the enactment of tender laws. The constitution, therefore, considers the emission of bills of credit and the enactment of tender laws, as distinct operations; independent of each other, which may be separately performed. Both are forbidden. To sustain the one, because it is not also the other; to say, that bills o credit may be emitted, if they be not a tender of debts; is in effect, to expunge that distinct independent prohibition, and to read the clause, as if it had been entirely omitted. We are not at liberty to do this."
But, independently of that reasoning, the history of our country proves that it is not of the essence of bills of credit, it is not a part of their definition, that they should be a tender in payment of debts. Many instances, in proof of this, were given in the opinion so often alluded to. Not a single historian, upon this subject alludes to any such ingredient, as essential or indispensable.
It has been said, (and it has never been denied,) that the very first issue of bills of credit by any of the colonies, was by the province of Massachusetts, in 1690. The form of these bills was; "this indented bill of ten shillings, due from the Massachusetts colony to the possessor, shall be in value equal to money, and shall be ac-

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of ihe Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
cordingly accepted by the treasurer and receivers subordinate to him, in all public payments, and for any stock at any time in the treasury." Then followed the date and the signatures of the committee authorized to emit them.* They were not made a tender in payment of debts, except of those due to the state. In 1702, :SAnne, ch. 1, another emission of bills of credit for fifteen thousand pounds, was authorized in -the same form: but they were not made a tender by the act; and the then duties of impost and excise were directed to be applied to the discharge of those bills, as also a tax of ten thousand pounds on polls and estates, real and personal, to be levied and collected, and paid, into the treasury in 1705. A subsequent act, passed in 1712, made them a tender in payment of private debts. In 1716, art. of 3d Geo. 1, ch. 6, a further emission of one hundred and fifty thousand pounds in "bills of credit," was expressly authorized to be made in the like form; to be distributed among the different counties of the province in a certain proportion stated in the act; and to be put into the hands of five trustees in each county, to be appointed by the legislature, to be let out by the trustees on real security in the county, in certain specified sump, for the space of ten years, at five per cent per annum. The mortgages were to be made to the trustees, and to be sued for by them; and the profits were to be applied to the general support of the government. These bills were not made a tender. Now, this act is most important to show that the fact, that the bills of credit were to be let out on mortgage, was not deemed the slightest degree material to the essence of such bills. An act for the emission of bills of credit, not materially different in the substance of its provisions, had been passed in 1714, 1 Geo. 1, ch. 2. Another act for the emission of fifty thousand pounds, in bills of credit, was passed in' 1720, 7 Geo. 1, ch. 9, containing provisions nearly similar; except that the trustees were to be appointed by the towns, and the profits were to be received by the towns, and a tax of fifty thousand pounds on polls and estates, was authorized to be raised to redeem the same. In 1720, the colony of Rhode Island issued bills of credit, nearly in the form of the Massachusetts bills; and they were made a tender in payment of all debts, excepting special ones; and similar bills were issued in 1710, and 1711. In 1715, another issue was authorized, to be let out by trustees and committees of towns on mortgage, for ten years. There
* See 3 Story's Comment. on the Constitution, 231, note [2.]

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

335

[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
is no clause in the act declaring them a tender. The same year another emission was authorized.
In 1709, the colony of Connecticut authorized an emission of bills of credit in a similar form; appropriating a tax for their redemption. There was no clause making them a tender. Numerous other acts of the like nature, were passed between that period and 1731; some of which made them a tender, and others not.
In 1709, the colony of New York issued bills of credit, in a form substantially the same: and they were made a tender in the payment of debts, and these bills were to bear interest. Many other emissions of bills 6f credit were from time to time authorized to be made in similar forms; they were generally made a tender; and generally funds were provided for their due redemption.
In 1722, the province of Pennsylvania issued bills of credit, in a form not substantially different from those of the New England states; which were delivered to trustees, to be loaned on mortgages, on land, or ground rents: and they were made a tender in payment of all debts. Other emissions, for like purposes, were authorized by subsequent laws. In the year 1739, an emission of bills of credit was authorized by ihe state of Delaware, for similar purposes, and in a similar form, to be loaned on mortgages. They were made a tender in payment
of debts, and a sinking fund was provided. In 1733, Maryland authorized an emission of bills of credit, to the
amount of ninety thousand pounds, to be issued by and under the management of three commissioners, or trustees, who were incorporated by the name of." The Commissioners or Trustees for emitting Bills of Credit;" hnd by that name might sue and be sued, and sell all real and personal estate granted them in mortgage, &c. These bills of credit, with certain exceptions, were to be lent out, on interest, by the commissioners or trustees, at four per cent., upon mortgage or personal security; and a sinking fund was provided for. their redemption, &c., and they were made a tender in payment of debts. Another emission was authorized in 1769; and two commissioners were appointed to.emit the bills, to be called "Commissioners for emitting Bills of Credit;"' and by that name to have succession, and to sue and be sued. These bills also were to be let out by the commissioners, on security; and a fund was provided for their redemption. These bills were not made a tender.'

I have been favoured with a sight of one of the original bills issued under the act of Maryland, of 1769. It is as follows: "This indented bill of six dollars; shall

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
In Virginia, bills of credit were issued as early as 1755, under the name of treasury notes; which bore interest, and -,ere made a tender in payment of debts. Emissions were subsequently made at other pepiods, and especially in 1769, 1771, and 1773. These three last were not made a tender. In 1778, another emission of them was authorized, which were made a tender; and a fund was pledged for their redemption. Many other issues were subsequently made, which were a tender. What demonstrates that these treasury notes were deemed bills of credit, is the fact, that by an act passed in 1777, ch. 34, it was made penal for any person to "issue or offer in payment any bill of credit, or note, for any sum of money payable to the bearer;" and that the act of,1779, ch. 24, makes it a felony for any person to steal any bill of credit, or treasury note, or "loan office certificate of the United States, or any of them;" and that the- act of 1780, ch. 19, after reciting, that the exigencies of the war requires the emission of paper money, &c., authorizes the emission of new treasury notes, and proceeds to punish with death any person who shall forge "any bill of credit or treasury. note, to be issued by virtue of this act.", In 1748, North Carolina authorized the emission of bills of credit, which were made a tAnder, and a fund was provided for their redemption; and many subsequent emissions were authorized, with similar provisions.
In 1703, South Carolina first issued bills of credit. They were to bear an interest of twelve per cent. Funds were provided for their redemption. They do not seem originally to have been made a tender. Many other acts for the emission of bills of credit were, from time to time, passed by the colony; some, if not all of which were made a tender. One of these acts, passed in 1712, was of a peculiar nature; but as I have not been able to procure a copy of it, I can only refer to it as it is stated by Hewitt, 1 Hewitt, Hist. of S. Car. 204; who says: "At this time the legislature thought proper to establish a public bank, 'and issued forty-eight thousand pounds in bills of credit, called bank bills, for answering the exigencies of government, and for the convenience of domestic commerce. This money was to be lent out at interest on landed or personal security; and, according to the tenor
entitle the bearer hereof to receive bills of exchange, payable in London, or gold and silver, at the rate of four shilling6 and six pence sterling, per dellar, for the said bill; a cording to the direction of an act of assembly of Maryland, dated at Annapolis, this 4th day of March, A. D. 1770. R. Conden, J. C. Clapham." These gentlemen were, doubtless, the commissioners appointed under the act.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

337

[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]

of the act for issuing the same; it was to be sunk gradually by four

thousand pounds a year, which sum was ordered to be pqid annually

by the borrowers into the hands of the commissioners appointed for

that purpose." In 1760, Georgia authorized an emission of bills of

credit to be let out at interest, and mortgages were to be taken by

the commissioners. These bills were made a tender. Subsequent

acts for issuing bills of credit were passed; but it is not necessary to

recite them.

Congress, during the revolutionary war, issued more than three

hundred millions of bills of credit. The first issue was in 1775, and

the confederated colonies were pledged for their redemption. None

of the bills of credit issued by congress were made a tender; probably

from the doubt whether congress possessed the power to make them

a tender. The form of those first issued was as follows: "This bill

entitles the bearer to receive

I Spanish milled dollars, or the

value thereof, in gold and silver, according to the resolutions of con-

gress." The last emission was made in 1780, under the guarantee

of congress, and was in the following form: "The possessor of this

bill shall be paid

Spanish milled dollars by the 31st of De-

cember, 1786, with interest, in like money, at the rate of five per

cent. per antnum, by the state of

according to an act of the

legislature of the-state of

the day of

1780." The

indorsement by congress was, "The United States insure the pay-

ment of the within bill, and will draw bills of exchange annually,

if demanded, according to a resolve of congress of the 18th of

March, 1780." These bills were expressly required by congress to

issue on the funds of the individual states established for that pur-

pose; ond the faith of the United States was pledged for their pay-

ment. They were made receivable in all public payments.

I will close this unavoidably prolix, though, in my judgment,

very important review of the history of bills of credit in the colonies,

and during the revolution, with a reference to the act of-24th of Geo.

2, ch. 53, 1751, for regulating and restraining the issues of paper

money in New England. That act, in its prohibitory clause, ex-

pressly forbids the issue of "any paper bills, or bills of credit, of

any kind or denomination whatsoever;" except for certain purposes,

and upon certain specified emergencies; and constaitly speaks of

"paper bills, or bills of credit," as equivalent expressions; thus de-

monstrating that the true meaning of bills o credit was paper

emitted by the state, and intended to pass as rurrencv: or, in other

Vot XI -> U

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentuckye]
words, as paper money. It furtheirequires, that the acts authorizing such issues of " paper bills or bills of credit," shall pr6vide funds for the payment thereof; and makes provisions for cases where such "paper bills or bills of credit" had been loaned out on security; and declares that "no paper currency or bills of credit," issued under the act, shall be a legal tender in payment of any private debts or contracts whatsoever.
This historical review furnishes a complete answer to every argument which has ,been used on the present or on former occasions; which made the nature of bills of credit depend upon any other quality, than the simple one of being for-money and negotiable, and designed to pass as paper money or paper currency. When it is said that it is of the essence of "bills of credit," that they should be a legal tender, we find that many of them never were a tender. Nay, that the enormous issues by the revolutionary congress were altogether stripped of this quality. When it is said$ that to constitute bills of credit, their circulation as money must be enforced by statutable provisions; we find, that in many cases, from the very nature and character of the acts, no such compulsory circulation was contemplated. -They did not in their form, generally, contain any express promise on the part of the state, to pay them, whether funds were provided or not.- and the same form was used in both cases. There was, indeed, in my judgment, in every case an implied'obligation and promise of the state to pay them; whether funds were provided or not. When it is said, that it is not a bill of credit unless credit is given- to the state on its own express promise to pay, and not when the paper is only declared to be receivable in payment of debts due to the state; that there must be a promise to pay, and not merely a promise to receive: we find, thatthe very first issues of bills of credit were of this very character, and contained no promise; and yet the colonial legislatures appropriated to them the very name, as their true designation. When it is said, that a bill which is payable on demand, is not a bill of credit; nor a bill which contains no promise to pay at a future day; we find, that on their face nearly all the colonial issues were without any limitation of time, and were receivable in payments to the state, immediately upon their presentation; though funds for their redemption were not provided except in futuro. The issues by congress were, with a single exception, without any limitation of time as to payment, and were to be paid in gold or silver.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

339

[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.] The emission of 1780, already stated, was to be paid at a future time. But congress made no express promise to pay any of their other issues; they simply pledged the colonies for their redemption; and yet congress called them bills of credit. When it is said, that bills of credit cannot bear interest, for that disqualifies them for a paper currency; we find,.tbat in point of fact, such bills were issued both by the colonies and by the revolutionary congress; and indeed, since, by the United States in the form of treasury notes. When it is said, that bills of credit are such only as are issued upon the mere credit of the state, and not bottomed upon any real or substantial fund for their redemption; we find, that in most cases, the colonial bills of credit were issued upon such funds; provided by the very terms of the acts. The statute of 24 Geo. 2, ch. 53, also in terms applies the very phrase, not only to bills resting on the mere credit of the state, but also to bills having suitable funds provided for theit redemption. It goes further, and prohibits the colonies, in future, from issuing such bills without providing suitable funds. In short, the history of bills of credit in the colonies, conclusively establishes, that none of these ingenious suggestions and distinctions, and definitions, were or could have been in the minds of the framers of the constitution. They acted upon known facts, and not theories; and meant, by prohibiting the states from emitting bills of credit, to prohibit any issue, in any form, to pass as paper currency or paper-money, whose basis was the credit, or funds, or debts, or promises of the states. They looked to the mischief intended to be guarded against in the future; by the light and experience of the past. They knew that the paper money, issued by the states, had constantly depreciated, whether funds for its redemption were provided or not; whether there was a promise to pay, or a promise to .receive; whether they were payable with or without interest; whether they were nominally payable, in presenti, or in futuro. They knew that whatever paper currency is not directly and immediately, at the mere ,will of the holder, redeemable in gold and silver, is, and forever must be liable to constant depreciation. We know the same facts as well as they. We know that the treasury notes of the United States, during the late war, depreciated fifty per cent.; that during the period of the suspension of specie payments, by our private banks at the same period, though with capitals supposed to be ample; their bank bills sunk from fifteen to twenty-five per cent. below their nominal value. The bills of this very bank of the Commonwealth

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.] of Kentucky, of whose solid and extensive capital we have heard so much; were admitted at the argument, to have sunk fifty per cent. from their nominal value. The framers of the constitution could not, without irreverence, (not to use a stronger phrase) be presumed to prohibit names and not things; to aim a blow at the artificial forms in which paper currency might be clothed, and leave the substance of the mischief untouched and unredressed; to leave the states at liberty to issue a flood of paper money, with which to inundate the community, upon their own sole credit, funds and responsibility; so always, that they did not use certain prescribed forms of expression. If the states were to possess these attributes in ample sovereignty, it was worse than useless to place such a prohibition in the front of the constitution. It was holding out a solemn delusion and mockery to the people, by keeping the faith of the constitution to, the ear, and breaking it to the sense. My judgment is, that any such interpretation of the constitution would be as unsound, as it would be mischievous. The interpretation for which I contend,.is precisely that which was maintained by this Court in the case of Craig v. The State of Missouri; where all these ingenious suggestions, distinctions and definitions, to which I have alluded, were directly overruled. I might indeed have spared myself some labour in these researches, if I had not considered that case as in some measure assailed in the present decision; if, indeed, it is not shaken to its very foundation.
The next question in the case is, whether the act of Kentucky establishing this bank is unconstitutional, by authorizing an emission of bills of credit in the shape of th6 bank bills or notes of that bank, within the prohibition of the constitution. The argument is, that the state cannot do that indirectly, which it cannot consistently with the constitution do directly; and that the bank corporation is here the sole and exclusive instrument of the state; managing its exclusive funds, for its exclusive benefit, and under its exclusive management.
Even this obvious principle, that the state cannot be permitted indirectly to do, what it is directly prohibited to do by the constitution, has been denied on the present opcasion; upon what grounds of reasoning, I profess myself incapable of comprehending. That a state may rightfully evade the prohibitions of the constitution, by acting through the instrumentality of agents in the evasion, instead of acting in its own direct nalpe, and thus escape from all its constitutional obligations; is a doctrine to which I can never subscribe: and which, for the honour of the country,-for the good faith and integrity

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
of the states, for the cause of sound morals, and of political and civil liberty, I hope may never be established. I find no warrant for any such doctrine in the case of Craig v. The State of Missouri; either in the opinion of the Court, or in that of the dissentient judges.
The other part of the argument, from which the conclusion is drawn that the act is unconstitutional, requires a more extended consideration. But before proceeding to that, it is proper to notice the statement at the bar, that the point of the constitutionality of this act hds been already decided by this Court. If so, I bow to its authority. I am not disposed to shake, even if I could, the solemn decisions of this Court, upon any great principles of law; and, a fortiori, not that which respects the interpretation of the constitution itself. But I shall require proof before I yield my assent that the point has been so decided. The case relied on is the Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky v. Wister, 2 Peters' R. '318. In my judgment, that qase justifies no such conclusion. It was not even made or suggested, in the argument. It was not touched by the judgment of the Court. What was that case? Wister brought a suit in the circuit court of the United States in Kentucky, against the bank, to recover a sum deposited in the bank. The bank filed a plea to the jurisdiction of the Court; alleging that the bank was a body corporate, established by an act of the legislature of Kentucky, and "that -the whole capital stock of the said corporation, is exclu .ively and solely the property of the state, and that the state in her political sovereign capacity as a state, is the sole and exclusive and only member of the corporation." The Court decided, that the suit was rightfully brought against the corporation, and was within the jurisdiction of the circuit court. Why? Because the Court were of opinion, that though the corporation was created by the state, the state was not even a member of the corporation. "1The president and directors alone, (said Mr. Justice Johnson, in delivering the opinion of the Court) constitute the body corporate, the metaphysical person liable to suit.. Hence by the laws of the state itself, it is excluded from the character of a party, in the sense of the law, when speaking of a body corporate" And in confirmation of this view of the matter, a passage was cited from the opinion in the United States Bank v. The Planters' Bank of Georgia, 9 Wheat. R. 904. The learned judge thfen said, and this is the comment, on which so much reliance has been placed-- To which it may be added, that if a state did exercise any other power in or over a bank, or impait to it its sovereign attributes, it would be hardly

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
possible to distinguish the issue of the paper of such banks from a direct issue of bills of credit, which violation of the constitution no doubt the state here intended to avoid." Now this language imports, at most, only that a case might have existed, which would have been a violation of the constitution, but which was admitted not to be the case before the Court; that is, where the state imparted its sovereign attributes to the corporation. The Court do not say, that the constitution of the United States had not been violated by the issue of the bank bills; for that question was never presented for their consideration: but only say, that the state did not intend to violate the constitution, and did not intend to communicate its sovereign attributes. Neither the facts of the confession, the declaration, nor the plea to the jurisdiction, in any manner, raised or could raise any such question. The corporation, as such, was capable of suing and being sued, by the laws of Kentucky. However proper, then, the language might have been as an admonition of the danger to'the bank, if their ground of objection to the jurisdiction was maintainable; it did -not commit the Court in the slightest manner to any definitive opinion as to the constitutionality of its issues of bank paper.
Let us now proceed to. the consideration of the charter of the bank, and ascertain whether it is a mere agent of the state, and what are the powers and authorities which are given to it as to the issues of bank bills. The act of 1820, declares in the first section, that a bank shall be, and thereby is established, "in the name and on behalf of the Commonwealth of Kentucky;" under the direction of a president and twelve directors, to be chosen by the legislature from time to time by joint ballot of both houses. The second section declares the president and directors a corporation, by the corporate name, &c., conferring on the corporation the usual powers. The third section declares that the whole capital stock of the bank shall be exclusively the property of the Commonwealth of Kentucky; and no individual or corporation shall be permitted to own or pay for any part of the capital of the bank. The fourth section declares that the president and directors shall have power to issue notes not under the denomination of one dollar, nor over one hundred dollars, signed by the president, and countersigned by the cashier. These bills or notes are, by subsequent sections, authorized to be made payable to order or to bearer, and to be negotiable accordingly; and they are declared to be receivable at the treasury, and by public officers in all payments of taxes and other debts to the state, and for county levies; and are to

JANUARY TERM, i837.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentu6ky.1
be payable and redeemable in gold and silver. The capitbd stock of the bank is to consist of two millions of dollars, to be raisea and paid as follows: all moneys paid into the treasury for the purchase of vacant lands of the state, and so much of capital stock owned by the state in the Bank of Kentucky, (which it seems had then stopped payment) as may belong to the state, after the affairs of that bank were settled up, with the profits thereof not heretofore pledged or appropriated by law.. And the treasurer of the state was required, from time to time, as he received moneys, or any of these accounts, to pay them to the bank. By other sections, the bank was authorized to discount bills of exchange and notes, and to receive deposites, and to loan money on mbrtgage on real estate, distributing their loans in certain proportions among the citizens of the different cointies; and the interest arising from all loans and discounts, after payment of expenses, was to be considered as part of the annual i'evcnue 'of the state, and'subject to the disposition of the legislature. Th* notes of the Bank of Kentucky were also receivablE in payment of all debts due to the Commonwealth Bank.
Such are the principal provisions of the charter. It'is clear, thereforn; that the bank was a mere artificial body or.corporation, created for the sole benefit of the state; and in which no other person had or could have any share cr interpst.. The president and directors were the mere agents of the'state, appointed and removable at its pleasure. The whole capital stock to be provided, consisted of the proceeds of the public lands and other property of the state, which should be paid over to the bank 'from time to, time by the treasurer of the state.- The public lands fhemselves, and the other funds were not originally conveyed, to or vested in the corporation; but were, left in the free possession of the state itself. Thie president and directors had no interest whatsoever in the institution, but only had the management of it, subject to the control of the state. They were not personally liable for non-payment otany ofthe billsor notes, or debts of the bank; but. only for tHeir personal misconduct in any excess of issues or'debts beyond double the amount of the capital stock. The state was entitled to all the profits. And though the bills and notes of the bank were declared payable in gold and silver; it seems that no human, being was made directly responsible for the payment; not the president and directors in their private capacity, for they contracted no personal responsibility; and not the state, (as we have been told at the argument,) because the state had not, in its

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoc v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.] own name, promised to pay them: nay, it is said, that these bills and notes were not even issued on the credit of the state.
Another thing is quite clear; and that is, that as the-bank existed for the sole benefit of the state, and all its officers were appointed by the state, and removable at its pleasure, the state possessed an unlimited power over the corporation. The whole fund possessed by it, whether they were capital stock, or debts, or securities, or real estate, or bank notes, belonged in fact to the state. The state was the equitable owner; and might at any time, without any violation of the rights of the corporation, which was its own exclusive agent, resume and appropriate these funds to itself, and might at its own pleasure repeal and annihilate the charter; and by its sovereign legislative act become, ipso facto, the legal owner, as it was in part the equitable owner of the property, and franchise. I know of no principle of law, or of the constitution, which would have been violated by such a course; for it would have been only conferring upon the equitable owner the legal title to his own estate and property, and resuming, on the part of the principal, the funds and the business confided to his agents.
The bills or notes of the bank were to circulate as currency. That is so palpable on the face of the charter, as not to have been even questioned at the argument. They werethen, stripped of mere technical forms, the bills of the state issued 13y the agent of the state, on the exclusive funds of the state,, for the' benefit and. profit of the state; to circulate as currency within the state, and without any other responsibility than that of the state. In what respect then do they differ from bills of credit of tho, state? I can perceive none.
In the firsf place, it is said that they were not issued dn the credit of the state; and that the state is not responsible, directly, or indirectly, for their payment. I confess, until I heard the argument at the bar, I had ndt supposed that any. such proposition would be maintained, or could: be maintainable. If these bills were not issued on the credit of the state, on whose credit were they issued? It is said, ihat they were issued on the credit of the corporation; and what is the corporation? A mere metaphysical being, the creature and agent of the state, having no personal existence, and incapable, per se, of any personal responsibility. The president and directors constituted that corporation, and were its sole members; and they were not personally liable. The official legal entity, called the president and directors, might be sued. But what then? The capital stock was

JANUARY TERM, 18S37.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
not vested in them, sa as t6be liable to be taken in execution in a suit against them. Could a creditor of the corporation seize or sell the public land, on his execution against them? No one pretends that. Suppose the state should choose, as it well might, to assume the whole agency and funds of the corporation to itself; could the creditor have any redress against the state? It is admitted that he could not have any redress, because the state is not suable.
It is said that the bills are not taken on the credit of-the state; because the state has not promised, in ternis, to pay them. If it had so promised, the state not being suable, the holder could here have no redress against the state. But I insist that, in equity, and in justice, the bills must be tieated as the bills of the state; and that if the state were suable, a bill in equity would lie against the state, as the real debtor; as the real principal: and I say this upon principles of eternal justice, and upon principles as old as the foundations of the common law itself. How can it be 'trulysaid, that these bills were not taken on the credit of the state? Were they not to be paid out of the proceeds of the public lands, afid other property of the state? WVere they not receivable in payment of debts to the state, for the very reason that they were the issues of the state, for its own benefit? And was not credit given to the state, upon this very ground? It has been said at the arg ment, that funds were provided for the payment of the bills by the provisions of the charter; and therefore no credit to the state, ultra these funds, can be inferred. But surely the case of the old colonial bills of credit answers that position. They had funds assigned for their redemption; they in many cases had mortgages upon loans authorized to be made, as they are in the present" charter; and yet the legislature called them bills of credit. The colonies did not promise to pay them; and yet they deemed them their bills of credit. Why? Because in truth, and in fact, and not upon any metaphysical. authorities and. fictions, they were issued upon the general credit of the state: and if the funds pledged fell short of the payment, the state was bound to redeem them. The argument on this head assumes the very matter in controversy. It assumes that the state never directly, or ultimately, held itself out as responsible for the payment of the bills; but that the holder trusted, and trusted exclusively, to the funds provided for him in the charter. Now, I deny this inference altogether. Because a state assigns funds for the payment of its debts or bills, does it follow, that the holder trusts exclusively to those funds? When a creditor takes a plhdge,
VOL. XI.-2 X

SUPREME COURT.
[Briscoo v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
or has a security for payment of his debt, does he thereby exonerate the debtor from all personal responsibility? If the agent is authorized to pledge certain funds of his principal for the payment of the debt, does that exonerate the principal from all personal liability? No such doctrine has ever yet been established to my knowledge, in any code of law; and, least of all, in the common law. On the contrary, it is at the common law held incumbent on those who insist that there has been any exclusive credit given to a fund, to establish that fact, by clear and irresistible proofs.
Suppose in this very case the corporation had circulated, as it had a right to do, its own b..nk bills to the amount of 5,000,000 dollars; and the funds assigned by the state, and the funds in the hands of the corporation had been wholly inadequate to redeem them; would not the state have been bound in reason, in justice, and in equity, to pay the deficiency? Would a court of equity, for a moment, tolerate any private person to escape under such circumstances, from his own-responsibility'for the acts and conduct of his agent, fully.authorized by him? Would it not say, qui sentit commodum, sentire debet et onus? Would it be consistent with good faith, for a state to proclaim that it was not bound by the solemn obligations of its own agents, acting officially for its own exclusive benefit and interest, and upon its own funds; to the payment of debts thus justly and honestly contracted? I put these questions, because it seems to me that they can be answered only one way; and that is, by affirming the positive responsibility of the state, in foro justitim. The citizens must be presumed to trust, in all such cases, to the general credit and good faith of the state; and not merely to the fund contemplated or provided for their redemption. So, in similar cases, the colonies understood their own obligations. So the continental congress, and so the United States have constantly understood their own obligations. Although a fund niay have been provided for payment of their bills of credit; although those bills of credit contained no direct promise of the state; although -they purported, in form, to be the acts of trustees. or commissioners, or committees acting under the authority of the state; yet they well understood that the general credit of the state, for the redemption of the bills, was necessarily implied; and that without that silent necessary pledge, the bills could not, and would not hdve circulated at all; except upon compulsion, and by irresistible power of the government.
If is obviotis that whether a state be suable or not, cannot consti-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

347

[Briscoo v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
tute a test, whether an instrument of currency issued by or on behalf of a state, be a bill of credit or not. It may be a bill of credit, although the state is not suable thereon; as was, in fact, the case with all the anti-revolutioriary bills of credit: for the colonies never were suable. On the other hand, the state may expressly allow itself to be sued on an instrument issued in its behalf; and yet it may not be a bill of credit. As, for example, a state may authorize suits to be brought for debts due by itself: and if it should issue, through its officers, a certificate of loan for money borrowed; if it were not intended to pass as currency, it would not be a bill of credit.
But it is said that here the state was not only not suable on these bank bills, but that the corporation itself was expressly suable under the charter, and the promise to pay was made by the corporation; and the promise being made by the corporation, it, in effect, excludes any obligation on the part of the state. There is no magic in words. What was this corporation in fact? A mere legal entity; a mere agent of the state, existing for the state, with funds belonging to the state, and dealing wholly upon the credit which'these bills derived from the state. The persons who were president and directors for the time being, were not, (as I have already said,) personally liable for the payment of those bills. The metaphysical personage only was liable; and the promise, if it is not to be treated as a mere delu-
sion and phantom, was the promise of the state itself, through that personage. Suppose the state had authorized its treasurer, in his official capacity, and without any personal liability, to issue these very bank bills, saying, "I, A. B., as treasurer, promise to pay," &c., and the whole proceeds of these bills were to be for the benefit of the state, and they were to be paid out of the funds of the state, in the treasury; could there be a doubt that the state would, in truth, be the real debtor? That they would be issued on its credit? That the itate would, in conscience, in common honesty, in justice, be responsible for their payment? If this would be true, in such a case, I should be glad to know in what respect that case substantially differs from the one before the Court? It is precisely the very case, and in the same predicament as the bills of credit issued by Maryland in 1733, and 1769. There the commissioners were created a corporation, and were to issue the bills, and were authorized to sue and be sued; and no one, ever dreamed, and least of all, the state itself, that they were not the bills of credit of the state. It a state can, by so simple a device as the creation of a corporation, as its own

ZtOEREME COURT.
[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
agent, emit Paper currency on its own funds, and thus escape the solemn prohibitions of the constitution; the prohibition is a dead letter. It is worse than a mockery. If we mean to give the constitution any rational interpretation on this subject, we must look behind foims.and examine things. We must ascertain for whose benefit, Ori whose credit, with whose funds, for what purposes, of currency or otherwise, the instrument is created. and the agency established. Whether it be the issue of a treasurer of a state, or of a corporation of a state, or of any other official personage, must be wholly immaterial. The real question ruust be, in all cases; whether, in substance, it is the paper currency of the state?
But it has been argued, that if this bank be unconstitutional, all state banks founded on private capital, are unconstitutional. That proposition I utterly deny. It is not a legitimate. conclusion from any just reasoning applicable to the present case.. The constitution does not prohibit the emission of all bills of credit, but only the emission of bills of credit by a state: and when I say, by a state, I mean by or in behalf of a state, in whatever form issued. It does not prohibit private persons, or private partnerships, or 'private corporations, (strictly so called,) from issuing bills of credit. No evils; or, at least, no permanent evils, have ever flowed from such a source. The history of the country had furnished no examples of that sort, of a durable.or widely extended public mischief. And if any should exist, it would be within the competency of the state legislatures to futnish an adequate remedy against such issues by private persons. In point of fact, prohibitions now exist in many states against piivate banking, and against the issue of private bank paper, with the intent that it shall pass as currency. The mischief was not there. It had never been felt in that direction. It was the issue of bills of credit, as a currency; authorized by the state on its own funds, and for its own purposes; which constituted the real evil to be provided against. The history of such a currency constituted the darkest pages in the American annals, and bad been written in the ruin of thousands, who had staked their property upon the public faith;. always freely given, and but too often grossly violated. The great inquiry at the adoption of the constitution, was not whether private banks, corporate or incorporate, should exist; not whether they should be permitted to issue a paper currency or not; but whether the state should issue it on its own account. The anxious inquiry then was, quis custodiet "ctistodes? The answer is found in the

J .NUARY TERM, 1837.

349

[Brlscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]

constitution. But it has, in my judgment, (though I am sure my

brethren think otherwise,) become a mere name. "Stat nominis

umbra.

The states may create banks, as well as other corporations, upon

private capital: and so far as this prohibition is concerned, may

rightfully authorize them to issue bank bills or notes as currency:

subject always to the control of congress, whose powers extend to

the entire regulation of the currency of the country. When banks

are created upon private capital, they stand upon that capital; and

their credit is limited to the personal or corporate responsibility of

the stockholders, as provided for in the charter. If the" corporate

stock, and that only, by the charter is made liable for the debts of

the bank, and that capital stock is paid in; every holder of its bills

must be presumed to trust exclusively to thefund thus provided, and

the general credit of the corporation. And in such a case, a state

owning a portion of the funds, and having paid in its share of the

capital stock, is treated like every other stockholder; and is under-

stood to incur no public responsibility'whatsoever. It descends to

the character of a mere corporator, and does not act in the character

of a sovereign. That was the doctrine of this Court, in The United

States Bank v. The Planters' Bank of Georgia, 9 Wheat. R. 904.

"It is, (said the Court on that occasion,) we think, a sound principle,

that when a government becomes a "partner.in any trading company

it divests itself, so far as concerns the transactions of that company,

of its sovereign character, and takes that of a private citizen." In

the present case, the legislature expressly prohibited any partner-

ship, or participation with other persons in this bank. It set it up,

exclusively upon the capital of the state, as the exclusive property of

the state, and subject to the exclusive management of the state;

through its exclusive agents. It acted, therefore, in its sovereign

character and capacity; and could not, even for an instant, even in

intendment of law, divest itself in the transactions of the bank of

that character and capacity.

I have not thought it necessary, in the views which I have taken

of this case, to resort to the state of the pleadings, though they fortify

every portion of the reasoning which I have endeavoured to main-

tain. One of the averments in the first plea is, that the president and

directors of the bank were illegally authorized, "for and on behalf

of the commofiwealth, and upon her credit, to make bills of credit,

to emit bills or notes, to an amount not exceeding

milliopis

350

SUPREME COURT.

[Briscoe v. The Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.]
of dollars, &ce., and when so made, &c.; to emit, issue, and circulate through the community for its ordinary purposes, as money." The plea goes on to allege, that the president and directors had before the date of the note sued, on, "for, and on behalf of the commonwealth of Kentucky, and on her credit, made various bills, of credit, viz: notes of various denominations, in aliouht, from one dollar to one hundred dollars, &c., promising therein, and thereby, to pay the person on each note mentioned, or bearer on demand, the amount therein mentioned in money, and were transferable by delivery." The demurrer admits the truth of these averments; and upon technical principles )fpleading, I do not see how their conclusiveness in the present question can be avoided. But I do not rely on the state of the pleadings. I found my judgment upon the principles presented by th admitted state of the facts, that these bank bills are bills of credit, within the true intent and meaning of the constitution; that they were issued by, and in behalf of the state; upon the credit of the state; by its authorized agents; and that the issue is a violation of the constitution.
I am conscious that I have occupied a great deal of time in the discussion of this grave question; a question, in my humble judgment, second to none which was ever presented to this Court; in its intrinsic importance. I have done so, because I am of opinion, (as I have already intimated,) that upon constitutional questions, the public have a right to know the opinion of every judge who dissents from the opinion of .the Court, and the reasons of his dissent. -I have another -and strong motive; my profound reverence and affection for the dead. Mr. Chief Justice Marshall is not here to speak for himself; and kiowing full well the grounds of his opinion, in which I concurred, that.this act is unconstitutional; I have felt an earnest desire to vindicate his memory from the imputation of rashness, or want of deep reflection. Had he been living, he would have spoken in the joint names of both of us. I am sensible that I have not done that justice to his opinion, which his own great mind and exalted talents would have done. But with all the imperfections of my own eflorts, I hope that I have shown that there.were solid grounds on whicb to rest his exposition of the constitution. His saltem accumlem donis, et fungar inani munere.

The judgment of the court ol appea- )f. tne state of Kentucky, is affirmed, with costs.

420

SUPREME COURT.

.Tu PROPRIETORS OF THE CHARLES RIVER BRIDGE, PLAINT'IFFS
IN ERROR V. THE PROPRIETORS OF TIfE WARREN BRIDGE, AND
OTHERS.
In 1650, the legislature of Massachusetts granted to Harvard College, the liberty and power to dispose of a ferry by lease or otherwise, from Charlestown to Boston, passing over Charles River. The right to set up a ferry between these places, had been given by the governor, under tileauthority of the court of ssistance, by an order dated November 9, 1636, to a particular individual; and was afterwards leased successively to others, they having the privilege of taking tolls regulated in the grant; and when, in 1650, the franchise of this ferry was granted to the college, the rights of the lessees in the same had expired. Under the grant the college continued to hold the ferry by its lessees, and receive the profits therefrom until 1785, whe6 the legislature of Massachusetts incorporated a company to build a bridge over Charles River where the ferry stood, granting them tolls; the company to pay to Harvard College two hundred pounds a year during the charter, for forty years, which was afterwards extended to seventy years; after which the bridge was to become the property of the commonwealth. The bridge was built under this charter, and the corporation received the tolls allowed by the law; always keeping the bridge in order, and performing all that was enjoined on them to do. In 1828, the legislature of Massachusetts incorporated another company for the erection of another bridge, the Warren Bridge, over Charles River, from Charlestown to Boston, allowing the company to take tolls; commencing in Charlestown, near where the Charles River Bridge commenced, and terminating in Boston, about eight hundred feet from the termination.of the Charles River Bridge. The bridge was to become free after a few years, and has actually become free. Travellers, who formerly passed over the Charles River Br:dge from C~larlestown Square, now pass over the Warren Bridge; and thus the Charles River Bridge company aie deprived of the tolls they would have otherwise received. The value of the franchise granted by the act of 1785, is now entirely destroyed. The proprietors of the Charles River 1L ge filed a bill in the supreme judicial court of Massachusetts against the proprietors of the Warren Bridge, first for an injunction to preventthe erection of the bridge, and afterwards for general relief: stating that the act of the legislature of Massachusetts, authorizing the building of the Warren Bridge, was an act impairing the obligations of a contract, and therefore repugnant to the constitution of the United States. The supreme court of Massachusetts dismissed ihe bill of. the complainants; and the case was biought by writ of error to th. Supreme Court of the United States, under the provisions of tie 25th section of tilejudiciary act of 1789. The judgment of the supreme judicial court of Massachusetts, dismissing the bill of the plaintiltf in error, was altirmed.
The Court are fully sensible, that it is theii duty in exercising the high powers confurred on them by the constitution of the United States, to deal with these great and extensive interets, (chartered property,) with the utmost caution; guarding,

JANUARY TERM, 1837:

421

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al] as far as they have power to do so, the rights of property, at the same time carefully abstaining from any encroachment on the rights reserved to the states. The plaintiffs in error insisted on two grounds for the reversal of the judgment, or decree of the supreme court of Massachusetts. 1. That by the grant of 1650, Harvard College was entitled, in perpetuity, to the right to keep a ferry between Charlestown and Boston: that the right was exclusive, and the legislature had no right to establish another ferry on the same line of travel, because it would infringe the rights of the college and those of the plaintiffs, under the charter of 1785. 2. That the true construction of the acts of the legislature of Massachusetts, granting the privilege to build a bridge, necessarily imported, that the-legislature would not authorize another bridge, and especially a free one, by the side of the Charles River Bridge; so that the franchise which they held would be of no value; and that this grant of the franchise of the ferry to the college, and the grant of the right of pontage to the proprietors of the Charles River Bridge, is a contract, which is impaired by the law authorizing the erection of the Warren Bridge. By the Court. It is very clear, that in the form in which this case comes before us, being awritof error to a state court, the plaintiffs, in claiming under either
of these rights, must place themselves on tke ground of contract; and cannot support themselves upon the principles, that the law divests vested rights. It is well settled by the decisions of this Court, that a state law may be retrospective in its character, and may divestyested rights; and yet not violate the constitution of the
United States, unless it also impairs the obligation of a contract.
The case of Satterlee v. Mathewson, 2 Peters, 413, cited. The ferry right which was owned by Harvard College, was extinguished by the
building of the Charles River Bridge. The ferry, with all its privileges, was then at an end for ever, and a compensation in money was given in lieu of it.
As the franchise of the ferry and that of the bridge are different in their nature, and were each established by separate grants, which have no words to connect the privileges of the one, with the privileges of the other; there is no rule of legal interpretation which could authorize the Court to associate these grants together; and to infer that any privilege was intended to be given to the bridge company,
merely because it h~d been conferred on the other. The charter of the bridge is a written instrument, and must speak for itself, and be interpreted by its own termi. The grant to the bridge company is of certain franchises by the public, to a private corporation; and in a matter where the public interest is concerned. There is nothing in the local situation of this country, or in the nature of ouar-political institutions, which should lead this Court to depart from the rules of construction of statutes, adopted under the system of jurisprudence which we have derived from the English law. No good reason can be assigned for introducing a new and adverse rule of construction in favour of corporations; while we adopt, and adhere to the rules of construction known to the English common law, in every other case, without exception. Public 5rants are to be'construed strictly. In the case of the United States v. Arredondo, 6 Peters, 736, the'leading cases o this subject are~collected together by the learned judge, who dulivered the' opinion of the Court; and the princ:iplL recognised, that in grants by the public, nothing passes by implication: Jackson v. Lamphire, 3 Peters, 269; Beatys v. The Lessee of Knowles, 4 Peters, 165; Tie Providence Bank v. Billings and Pittman, 4 Peters, 514; cited. In the case of The Providence Bank v. Billings and Pittman, 4 Peters, 514; Chief Justice Marshall, speaking of the taxing power, said, "as the whole community is interested in retaining it undiminished; that community has a right to insist that

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge: v. Warren Bridge et al.] its abandonment ought not to be presumed, in a case in which the deliberate purpose of the state to abandon it does not appear." The case now before the Court Is in principle precisely the same. It is a charter from a state. The act of incorporation is silent in relation to the contested power. The argument in favour of the proprietors of the Charles River Bridge is the same, almost, in words, with that used for the Providence Bank; that is, that the power claimed by tle state, if it exists, must be so used as not to destroy t~he value of the franchise they have granted to the corporation. The argument must receive the same answer. And the fact, that the power has been already exercised so as t' deswoy the value of the franchise, cannot in any degree afibet the principle. The existence of the power does not, and cannot depend upon the circumstance of its having been exercised or not:
The object and the end of all government, is to promote the happiness and prosperity of the community by which it is established; and it can never be assumed, that the government intended to diminish its power of accomplishing the end for which it was created: and in a country like ours, free, active and enterprising, continually advancing in numbers and wealth; new channels of communication are daily found'necessary both for travel and trade; and are essential to the comfort, convenience, and prosperity of the people. A state ought never to be presumed to surrender this power; because, like the taxing power, the whole community have an interest in preserving it undiminished: and when a corporation alleges, that a state has surrendered, for seventy years, its power of improvement and public accommodation in a great and important line of travel, along which a vast number of its citizens must daily pass; the community have a right to insist, in the lan. guage of this Court, "that its abandonment ought not to be presumed, in a case in which the deliberate purpose of the state to abandon it does not appear." The continued existence of a government would be of no great value, if, by implications and presumptions, it was disarmed of the powers necessary to accomplish the ends of its creation; and the functions.it was designed to perform, transferred to the hands of privileged corporations. The rule of construction announced by the Court, was not confined to the taxing power, nor is it so limited in the opinion delivered. On the contrary, it was distinctly placed on the ground that the interests of the community were concerned in preserving, undiminished, the power then in question; and wienever any power, of the state is said to be surrendered or diminished, whether it be the taxing power, or any other affecting the public interest, the same principle applies, and the rule of construction must be the same. No one will question, that the interests of the great body of the people of the state, would in this instance be affected by the surrender of this great line of travel to a single corporation, with the right to exact toll and exclude competition for seventy years. While the rights of private property are sacredly guarded,,we must not forget, that the community also have rights; and that the happiness and well-being of every citizen depends on their faithful preservation.
The act of incorporation of the proprietors of the Charles River Bridge; is in the usual form; and the privileges such as are commonly given to corporations of that kind. It confers on them the ordinary faculties of a corporation for the purpose of building the bridge; and establishes certain rates of toll, which the company are authorized to take. This is the whole grant. There is no exclusive privilege given to them over the waters of Charles River: above or below their bridge; no right to erect another bridge themselves, nor to prevent other persons from erecting one; no engagement from the state, that another shall not be erected; and no undertaking not to sanction competition, nor to make improvements that may

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

423

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] diminish the amount of its income. Upon all these subjects the charter is silent: and nothing is said in it about a line of travel so much insisted on in the argument, in which they are to have exclusive privileges. No words are used, from which an intention to grant any of these rights can be inferred. If the plaintiffs are entitled to them, it must be implied simply from the nature of the grant; and cannot be inferred from the words by which the grant is made. Amid the multitude of cases which have occurred, and have been daily-occurring for the last forty or fifty years, this is the first instance in which such an implied con. zt has been contended for; and this Court is called upon to irfer it from an ordiaqiry act of incorporation, containing nothing more than the usual stipulations and provisions tobe found in every such law. The absence of any such controversy, where there must have been so many occasions to give rise to it, proves that neither states, nor individuals, nor corporations ever imagined that such a contract can be implied from such charters. It shows, that the men who voted for these laws never imagined that they were forming such a contract; and if it is maintained that they have made it, it must be by a legal fiction, in opposition to the truth of the *ct, and the obvious intention of the party. The Court cannot deal thus with the rights reserved to the states; and by legal intendments and mere technical reasoning, take away from them any portion of' that power over their own internal police and improvement, which is so necessary to their well-being and prosperity. Let it once be understood, that such charters carry with them these implied contracts, and give this unknown and undefined property in a line of travelling; and you will soon find the old turnpike corporations awakening from their sleep, and calling upon this Court to put down the improvements which have taken their, place. The millions ofproperty which have been invested in rail roads and canals upon lines of travel which had been before occupied by turnpike corporations, will he put in jeopardy. We shall be thrown back to the improvements of the last century; and obliged to stand still, until the claims of the old turnpike corporations shall be satisfied, and they shall consent to permit these states to avail themselves of the lights of modern science, and to partake of the benefit of those improvements, which are now adding to the wealth and prosperity, and the convenience and comfort of every other part of the civilized world.

IN error to the supreme judicial court of Massachusetts..

The -plaintiffs in error, are a corporation created by an act of the legislature of the state of Massachusetts, passed on the 9th of March, 1785, entitldd " A:n act for incorporating certain persons for the purpose of building a bridge over Charles river, between Boston and Charlestown, and supporting the same during forty years." The preamble of the act states, " whereas the erecting a bridge lover Charles .river, in the place where the ferry between Boston and Charlestown is now kept, will be of grett public utility, and Thomas Russell, Esq. and others, have petitioned this court for an act of incorporation, to empower them to build the same bridge," &c.
The act authorizes taking certain tolls, prescribes the size of the

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
bridge, and fixes certain regulations by which it will not be permitted to impede, the navigation of'Charles river; and enjoins certain things to be done, by which the bridge shall be kept in good order, and fitted for constant and convenient use.
The fifth section of the act provides, '(That after the said toll shall commence, the said proprietors or corporation, shall annually pay to Harvard College or University, the sum of two hundred pounds,during the said term of forty years; and, at the end of the said term, the said bridge shall revert to, and be-the property of the commonwealth; saving to the said college or university, a reasonable and annual compensation for the annual income of the ferry; which they might have received had not said bridge been erected."
The bridge was erected under the authority of this act; and afterwards, on the 9th of March, 1792, in an act which authorized the making a bridge from the western part of Bost(n to Cambridge, after reciting that the erecting of Charles River Bridge was a work of hazard and public utility, and another bridge in the place proposed for the West Boston Bridge, may diminish the emoluments of Charles River Bridge; therefore, for the encouragement of enterprise, the eighth section of the act declares, ",that the proprietors of the Charles River Bridge shall continue to be a corporation and body politic, for and during the term of seventy years, to be computed from the day the bridge was first opened for passengers."
The record contained exhibits, relating to the establishment of the ferry from Charlestown to Boston, at the place where the bridge was erected; and also the proceedings of the general court of Massachusetts, by which the ferry there became the property of Harvard College.
Some of these proceedings, verbatim, were as follow:
"A COURT or ASSISTANCE HOLDEN AT BOST N, NOV. 9th, 1830.
"Present, the Gov'nr, Dep'y Gov'r, Sir Richard Saltonstall, Mr. Ludlow, Capt. Endicott, Mr. Coddington, Mr. Pinchon, Mr. Bradstreet.
"It is further ordered, that whosoever shall first give in his name to Mr. Gov'nr, thaP hee will undertake to sett upp a ferry betwixt Boston and Charltea, and shall begin the same at such tyme ag Mr. Gov'nr shall appoynt; shall have id. for every person, and id. for every one hundred weight of goods hee shall so transport."

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
"A court holden at Boston, November 5th, 1633. Present, the Governor, Mr. Ludlow, Mr. Nowell, Mr. Treasu'r, Mr. Coddington, S. Bradstreet.
"Mr. Rich. Brown is allowed by the court to keepe a fferry over Charles ryver, against his house, and is to have 2d. for every single. person hee soe transports, and id. a piece if there be two or more."
" Att the Gen'all Court holden at Newe Towne, May' 6th, 1635. Present the Gov'nr, Deputy Gov'nr, Mr. Winthtop, sen'r., Mr. Haynes, Mr. Huinphrey, Mr. Endicott, Mr. Treasu'r, Mr. Pinchon, Mr. Nowell, MIr. Bradstreete, and the deputies:
" It is ordered that there shall be a fferry sett upp on Boston si'de, by the Wynd myll hill, to transport men to Charlton and Wen& semet, upon the same rates that the fferry-men att Charlton and Wenesemet transport men to Boston."
"A Generall Courte held at Newtowne, the 2&'day of the 9th me. 1637. (Adjourned until the 15th, present.)
"Present; the Governor, Deputy Gov'nr, Mr. John Endicott, Mr. Humfrey, Mr. Bellingham, Mr. Herlakenden, Mr. Stoughton,, Mr. Bradstreete, and Increase Nowell:
"Thb fferry betweene Boston and Charlestowne, is referred to the Governor and Treasurer, to let at 461. pr. A. beginning the 1st of the 10th mo., and from thence for three years."
" At a General Court of elections, held at Boston the 13th of the 3d mo., A. 1640.
"Present, the Governor, &c. Mr. Treasurer, Mr. Samuel Sheapard and Leift. Sprague, have power to lett the ferry between Boston and Charlestown, to whom they see cause, when the time Gf Edward' Converse is expired, at their discretion.
" At a session beginning the 30th of the 8th mo. 1644. It is ordered that the magistrates and deputies of ye. co'rte, their passage over the fferries,.together with their necessary attendants, shall be free, not paying any thing for it, exdept at such ferries as are appropriated to any, or are rented out, and are out of the countries' hands, and there it is ordered that their passages shall be paid by ye.
country." Further extract from the colony records filed by the plfs. "At a
General Court, &c. 7th duy 8th mo. The ferry bitweene Boston and Charlestown is granted to the
Colledge.'" "gAt a Generall Courte of elections, begunne the 6th of May, V6TL. XI.-3 H

$UPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
1646. In answer to the petition of James Heyden, with his partners, ferry-men of Charlestown, and for'the satisfaction of all other ferry-men, that there may be no mistake who are freed, or should be passage free, and how long: It is hereby declared, that our honored magistrates, and such as are, or from time to time, shall be chosen to serve as deputyes at the Generall Court, with both their necessary attendants, shall be passage free over all ferryes; and by necessary attendants, wee meane a man and a horse, at all times during the term of their being magistrates or deputyes, but never intended all the familyes of either at any time, and that ye. order neither expresseth nor intendeth any such thing.
"_Att a third session of the Generall Courte oi elections, held at Boston the 15th of October, 1650. In answer to the petition of Henry Dunster, president of Harvard Colledge, respecting the hundred pounds due from the country to the college, and rectifying the fferry rent, which belongs to the college. It is ordered that the treasurer shall pay the president of the college the some of one hundered ,pounds, with two years forbearance, as is desired; and forbearance till it be paid out of this next levy, that so the ends proposed may be accomplisht; and for the ferry of Charles Towne, when the lease is expired, it shall be in the liberty and power of the president, in behalfe and for the behoofe of the College, to dispose of the said ferry by lease, or otherwise, making the best and most advantage thereof to his own content, so as such he disposeth it unto perforine the service and keep sufficient boates for the use thereof, as the order of the court requires."
The case of the plaintiffs in error is thus stated in the opinion of the Court:
It appears from the record, that in the year 1650, the legislature of Massachusetts granted to the president of Harvard college "the liberty and power" to dispose of the ferry from Charlestown to Boston, by lease or otherwise, in the behalf, and for the behoof of the college; and that under that grant the college continued to hold and keep the ferry, by its lessees or agents, and to receive the profits of it until 1758. In that year a petition was presented to the legislature by Thomas Russell and others, stating the inconvenience of the transportation by ferries over Charles river, and the public advantage that would result from a bridge; and praying to be incorporated, for the purpose of erecting a bridge in the place where the ferry between

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

427

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] Boston and Charlestown was then' kept. Pursuant to the petition, the legislature, on the 9th- of March, 1785, passed an act incorporating.a company by the name of "The Proprietors of the Charles River Bridge," for the purposes mentioned in the petition. Under this charter, the company were authorized "to erect a bridge "in the place where the ferry is now kept;" certain tolls were granted, and the charter was limited to forty years, from the first opening of the bridge for passengers; and from the time the toll dommenced, until the expiration of the term, the company were.to pay two hundred pounds, annually, to Harvard College; and at,the expiration of the forty years, the bridge was to be the property of the commonwealth; "saving, as the law expresses it, to the said college or university, a reasonable annual compensation for the annual income of the ferry, which they might have received, had not the said bridge
been erected." The bridge was accordingly bu It and was opened for passengers,
on the 17th June, 1786. In 1792, the charter was extended to seventy years from the opening of the bridge, aid at the expiration of that time, it was to belong to the commonwealth. The corporation have regularly paid to the college the annual sum of two 'hundred pounds; and have performed all the duties imposed on them, by.the
tervis of their charter. In 1828, the legislature of Massachusetts incorporated a company
by the name of "The Proprietors of the Warren Bridge," for the purpose of erecting another bridge over the Charles river. The bridge is only sixteen rods at its commencemen on the Charlestown side, from the commencement of the bridge of the plaintiffs, and they are about fifty rods apart, at their termination on the Boston side. The travePers who:pass over either bridge, proceed from Charlestown Square, which receives the travel of many greatpublic roads, leading from the'country; and the passengerg and travellers who go to and from Boston, used to pass over the Charles River Bridge, from . aind through this square, before the erection of the Warren Bridge.
The Warren Bridge, by the terms of the charter, was to be surrendered to the state, as soon as the expenses of the proprietors in buildr ing and supporting it should be reimbursed; but this period was not in any event to exceed six years from the time the company commenced receiving toll.
- When the -original -bill in this case was filed, the Warren Bridge had not been built; and the bill was filed after the passage of the law,

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
in order to obtain an injunction to prevent its erection, and for general relief.
The bill, among other things, charged as a ground for relief, that the act for the erection of the Warren Bridge impaired the obligation of the contract between the state of Massachusetts and the proprietors of the Charles River Bridge; and was therefore repugnant to the constitution of the United States. Afterwards, a supplemental bill was filed, stating that the bridge had been so far completed, that it had been opered for travel; and that divers persons had passed over, and thus avoided the payment of the toll, which would otherwise have been received by the plaintiffs.
The answer to the supplemental bill, admitted that the bridge had been so far completed, that foot passengers could pass, but denied that any persons but the workmen and superintendents had passed over with their consent
In this state of the pleadings the cause came on for a hearing in the supreme judicial court for the county of Suffolk, .in the commonwealth of Massachusetts, at November term, 1829, and the court decided, that the act incorporating the Warren Bridge, did not impair the obligation of the contract with the proprietors of the Charles, River Bridge; and dismissed the complainants' bill.
The complainants prosecuted this writ of error.
.The case was argued by Mr. Dutton and Mr. Webster, for the plaintiffs in error: and by Mr. Greenleaf and Mr. Davis, for the defendants..
Mr. Dutton for the plaintiffs. This case comes before the Court upon the bill and answer, amended bill and answer, exhibits, evidence, &c., contained in the record. The plaintiffs, in their several bills, after setting forth the grants made to them by the acts of 1785, and 1792, and their compliance with the terms and conditions of them, complain that the defendants are about to construct, and have constructed, a bridge between Charlestown and Boston, so near to the plaintiffs' br'-ge as to be, in contemplation of law, a nuisance to it; and they therefore pray that the defendants may be enjoined, &c. The defendants justify, under the authority of an act passed on

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
the 12th of March, 1828, establishing the Warren Bridge Corporation.
The plaintiffs ailege, that this act of the legislature, under which the defendants justify themselves, impairs the obligation of a contract, and is, therefore, unconstitutional and. void.
The defendants, in their answer, deny this; and the issue raised by these pleadings, and the only one, of which this Court has jurisdiction, is, whether the said act of March 12th, 1828, does, or does not, impair the obligation of a contract.
Such being the state of the pleadings, and such the only issue, which this Court can,try, I shall endeavour to maintain this single proposition, v;z:
The act of the legislature of MaSsachusetts, passed on the 12th of March, 1828, establishing the Warren Bridge Corporation, is re-' pugnant to the 10th section of the 1st article of the constitution of the United States, which prohibits a state from passing any law impairing the obligation'of contracts.,
In the discussion of this proposition many topics will come under examination; all, however, connected with it, and all resulting in the affirmance or denial of it.
By the preamble to the plaintiffs' charter, which was passed on the 9th of March, 1785, incorporating the plaintiffs, it appears, that the bridge is to be erected "in the place where the ferry between Boston and Charlestown is now kept;" and by the 5th section of the act.it is provided, that "after the said toll shall commence, the said proprietors or corporation, shall annually pay to Harvard college or university, the sum of two hundred pounds, during the said term of forty years.
The plaintiffs' charter, therefore, upon the face of it, shows that certain transactions took place between the legislature, the college, and the grantees.
The ferry that belonged to the college is-to ber extinguished, and a bridge is to be erected in its place: an obligation is imposed upon the grantees to pay to the ollege the sum of.two hundred pounds annually; and there is a recognition of a right in the college to compensation for the loss of the ferry, after the plaintiffs' charier has expired.
All this leads to an examination of the ferry, and its legal history, as it appears by various colonial, ordinances; together with the nature and extent of such a franchise, at common law.

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
On the 9th of November, 1630, the colonial government make an offer of a ferry to any one who will undertake to set it up, between Boston and Charlestown, and fix the rates of ferriage, &c.
On the 5th of November, 1633, Richard Brown is allowed to keep a ferry over Charles river, against his house, and the rates are there stated. It does not appear where this ferry was, or whether it was ever set up.
On the 2d day of the 9th month, 1637, this ordinance7 was passed. "The ferry between Boston and Charlestown is referred to the governor and treasurer to let, at forty pounds per annum, for three years." On the 13th of the 3d month, 1640, it is referred to Samuel Shephard and others to let the ferry between Boston and Charlestown, when the time of Edward Converse is expired, &c. .Onthe 7th of the 8th month, the ferry was granted to the college in these words: "The ferry between Boston and Charlestown is, granted to the college." By this ordinance, which, with others, relating to ferries, will be found in the 56th and 57th pages of the record; it appears, that the lease to Converse was about to expire, and that there was, at that time, no other ferry in existence between Boston and Charlestown. At a session of the court, held on the 30th of the 8th month, 1644, it is provided, that' magistrates, with their necessary attendants, shall have free passage over all ferries that have not been granted or leased to any; and their passage shall be paid by the country. On the 6th of May, 1646, an ordinance was passed, explaining the foregoing ordinance, and declaring what is intended by necessary attendants,for the satisfaction of the ferrymen; and making magistrates passage free, over all ferries. This ordinance exempts magistrates at all ferries, contrary to the act of-1644; and is the only one, during a period ofone hundred and forty-five yearsy which, in the smallest degree, affects the income of the ferry. Whether the amount to be charged to the country was found to be too trifling to keep an account of, or whether the exemption at all ferries, was claimed by the magistrates, after royal example, and as being the representatives of the royal authority, does not appear. It appears by the ancient charters, that the college was incorporated in May, 1650.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] Various acts were passed, confirming the original grant to the college, both before and after the act of incorporation. By the ordinance of 1642, Ancient Charters) page 77, the "revenue of the ferry between Boston and Charlestown," was given to the college. In the act passed on the 15th October, 1650, it is provided, that for the'ferry of Charlestown, when the lease is expired, it shall be in the liberty and power of the president, in the behalf and for the behoof of the college, to dispose of the said ferry, by lease or otherwise, making the best and most advantage thereof to his own content, &c. &c. The act passed on the 18th October, 1654, speaks of the "fterry formerly granted to the college;" and the act of 27th June, 1710, speaks of the "profits and revenues of the said ferry being granted to Harvard college, in Cambridge." I Thus it appears, that the original grant of this ferry, in 1640, was confirmed in 1642, in 1650, in 1654, and in 1710. Various acts regulating ferries were passed by the colonial government, and several regulating the ferry between Boston and Charlestown. They relate to the duties of the ferrymen, the convenience of the ferry-ways, the number of boats, &c. &c. The act passed in 1781, provides, that whenever the coI:poration of Harvard college shall make any alteration in the rates of ferriage, they shall publish the rates by them established. In 1713, there was a project for building a bridge where the ferry was kept, and a committee was appointed by the coporation of the college, to "insist on the right which the college hath in-and td the profits of the said ferry;" and the government, at the same time, appointed Dr. Clark, to confer with the president and fellows upon the affair of a bridge in place of the ferry. Thus, then.,it appears that the college held this ferry for one hundred and forty-five years, with all the common law rights of ferries; subject only to such regulations as the colonial and state governments saw fit, from time to time, to make. First, the ferry itself was granted; afterwards, its profits, revenues, &c. &c. If one grants the profits of his land, the land itself passeth. Comyn. tit. Grant, E. 5. In order to understand the nature and extent of this franchise, resort must be had to the common law; and this has been uniform.

432

SUPREME COURT,

[Charles River Bridge v Warren'Bridge et al.] from-the time of Henry VI. to the present time. It is also the law of this country, except in cases where it can be shown that it has been overruled by adjudged cases- or modified by statute.
In the Terms de Ley, 338, a ferry is called a liberty, by prescription, or the .king's grant, to have a boat for a passage upon a great stream, for carrying of horses and men for reasonable toll.
It is called an incorporeal hereditament, and is either founded in grant, or prescription, which supposes a grant. In the one case, the extent of the franchise is ascertained by usage; in the other, by the terms of the grant. Dane's Abr. 2 -ol. 683; Stark v. M'Gowan, 1 vol. Nott & M'Cord's- Reports.
It may belong to the government, to a corporation, or to an individual; the property may be private,though the use is public.
In 10 vol. Petersdorf, 53, it is said that these franchises, which are various, may be "vested either in the natural person, ol bodies politic; in one- man, or in many; but the same identicalfranchise that has been granted to one, cannot be bestowed on another, for that would prejudice the former grant." Also Viner's Abr. vol. 13, 513.
In a note to the case of Blisset v. Hart, Willes' Reports, 512, it is said: "A ferry is publici juris: it is a franchise, that no one can erect without the king's license; and when one is erected, another cannot be erected without an ad quod damnum.. If a second is erected without license, the crown has a remedy by quo warranto; anl the former grantee by action."
If the ferry be not well repaired, it is popular,and in the nature of a highway, &c. It is to be reformed by presentment or information. This differs from the case of mills, bake houses, &c., which are grounded on customs, and of a private nature. Hardres' Rep. 163.
Every owner of a ferry must have a right to land, to take in his passengers. He need not own the soil, but he must have a right to use. it. 12 East. 330. 6 Barnwell & Creswell, 703. The general doctrine is laid down in 22 Henry VI,, 15, 16.
" If I have a ferry by prescription, and another is erected so near
as to impair my ferry, it is a nuisance to me; for I am bound .to sustain and repair the ferry for the use of the king's lieges; otherwise, I may be grievously amerced." In Rolle's Abr. 140, Nuisance G-, line 20, the same doctrine is stated with reference to a fair or market
Hale, in a note to Fitzherbert's Nat. Bre. 428, says:--" If the

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

433

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et aL] market be on the same day, it shall be intended a nuisance; but if it be on a different day, it shall not be so intended; and therefore it shall be put in issue, whether it be so or not." Cites 11 Henry IV. 5,6.
If a ferry be erected with license, another cannot erect a ferry to the nuisance of it. Comyn. Dig. tit. Piscary, B. He states the same doctrine in another place. "Title action on the case for nuisance, A." "So if one erect a ferry so near my ancient ferry." Blackstone's Com. vol. 3, 219; Nott & MiCord, vol. 1, 387.
It'is the usual practice in England, to issue the writ of ad quod damnum, before the patent for a fair or market is granted. But as the execution of this judicial process does not, and cannot always ascertain what will be the effect of the proposed market or fair; the doctrine seems to be well settled, that in case it does prove to be injurious to any existing market or fair, the patent may be repealed upon proof of the fact. In other words, the writ of .ad quod damnum, executed, is not conclusive. 6 Modern Rep. 229; 2 Ventris, 344; 3 Levinz, 220; Hale de Port. Maris; Hargrave's Tracts, 59; Comyn. Dig. Patent, F. 4, 5, 6, 7; 2 vol. Williams' Saunders, Note 4, p. 72; 2 Institute, 406.
It is thus stated by Chitty in his Prerogatives of the Crown, 10 ch. 2 see.
It is most important to remember that the king does not grafit a -market or fair, without a writ of ad quod damnum being 'first exe-
cuted; even if that be done, the crown cannot enable a subject to erect a market or fair so near to that of another person, as to affect his interest therein, &c. &c.
The owners of ferries are under liabilities and obligationswhich may be enforced against them by individuals, or the public. These franchises are declared to be publici juris; and the law gives a remedy in -all"cases of negligence .orinjury, by presentment, information, or action on the ,case. Paine v. Partridge, Salkeld, 717; Willes' Rep. 512; 3 Salkeld, 198. They have also rights which can be maintained at law; by action on the ease for a disturbance; by action of assize; by distress; &c. &c. 2 Saunders, Williams' ed. 114; 4 Term Reports, 666; 2 vol. Dane's Ab. 683; Bacon. Ab. tit. Distress, F. pl. 6; Croke: Eliz. 710;. 6 Term Rep. 616; Huzzy v. Field, Law Journal, 13 No. A39.
All these franchises, as of fairs, markets, ferries and bridges, are VOL. XI.-3 I

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
founded on good and sufficient consideration; such as the expenditure of money in establishing, -and maintaining them, for the convenience and safety of the public. They are all publici juris, and from the rights, lidbilities, and duties of which they are compounded, results the notion of property in them. The toll, or right to demand and receive money for the use and enjoyment of these franchises, of which the toll is part and parcel; is recognised as property, and protected is property, both by the law of England, and of this country, A grant of these vests in the grantee a beneficial interest, which maybe demised, leased, or mortgaged. Popham's Rep. 79; Moore's Rep. 474; Webb's Case, 8 Coke, 99; Gunning on Tolls, 106, 110;. 6 Barnwell & Creswell, 703; 5 Barnwell-& Creswell, 875; 3 Maule & Selwyn, 247; 1 vol. Crompton & Jervis, Rep. 57; in the Exchequer, 400.
The franchise of a bridge or turnpike may be taken on execution
in payment of debt, by the law of Massachusetts. In Chadwick's case, an action was brought at common law, and sustained by the c6urt, for compensation for the loss df his ferry, by the erection of a bridge. 2 vol. Dane's Ab. 686; also Judge Putnam's opinion, 7th Pickering.
As to the local extent of this franchise of a ferry, an attempt has been made to limit it to the ferry-ways; and the case of "Ipwich v. Brown," Saville, Rep. 11, 14, is cited; where it is said, that a "ferry is in respect of the linding place, and not in respect of the water, that the water may be in one, and the ferry in another-," it is also said in this case, that the owner of the ferry must own the soil on both sides.
This last part of the case is expressly overruled in 6 .Barnwell & Creswell, 703. And as to the other part of the case, it means nothing more than this, that a ferry must have ferry-ways) or landing places.
The case in Hardres Rep. 162, was this; one owning land on both sides of the Thames, set up a ferry three quarters of a mile from an ancient ferry, at Branford. A bill was brought in the Exchequer to suppress it, as chming too near a monopoly. The reporter adds, sed quzere de ceo; for contrary to the books of 22 Henry VI. and to precedents in like cases in this Court.
Afterwards another bill being filed for the same matter; the Court on the 7th of April, Lord Hale.presidirrgin it, decreed tbat the new

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

435

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
ferry should be suppressed, and that the defendants should not have liberty to use any ferry boat to the annoyance of the plaintiff's ancient ferry. 2 Anstruther Rep. 608.
In the case of the Newburgh Turnpike Company v. Miller, 5 Johnson's Chancery.Cases, 101; the principle is clearly stated and applied. The plaintiffs in this case, had erected a bridge, as part of their road across the Wallkill; the defendants erected another free bridge eighty rods distant; purchased a strip of land adjoining the bridge, and had a road laid out by commissioners as a public highway, for the purpose of avoiding the toll gateof the plaintiffs. Kent, Chancellor, said-The 4uo animo is not an essential inquiry in the case; whatever may have been the intention of the defendanits, the new road and bridge do directly and materially impair the use and value of the plaintiff's franchise.
No rival road, bridge, ferry, or other establishment, of a similar kind, and for like purposes, can be tolerated so near to the other as materially to affect or take away its custom. It operates as a fraud upon the grant, and goes to defeat it. The consideration by which individuals are invited to expend money upon great expensive and hazardous public works, such as roads, bridges: and to become bound to keep them in constant and good repair, is the grant of a right to an exclusive toll. This right, thus purchased for a valuable consideration, cannot be taken away by direct or indirect means. Also, cited "Ogden v. Gibbons," 4 Johnson's Chancery Rep. 150.
It appears from the ancient charters of the colony of Massachusetts, page 110, 111, that the same notions of an exclusive right in ferries prevailed there, that have always prevailed in England. For as early as 1641, near the time when the "ferry between Boston and Charlestown was granted to the college," this ordinance was passed. "It is ordered by this court, and the authority thereof, that whosoever hath a ferry granted, shall have the sole liberty of transporting passengers," &c.
Here is a direct assertion of an exclusive right in the owner of a ferry; and is worthy of notice as a cotemporaneous exposition; and can it be reasonably doubted, that Edward Converse, under his lease from the government, of "the ferry between Boston and Charlestown," had the sole and exclusive right of transporting passengers between those termini?
All, therefore, which the plaintiffs claim in the case at bar, is an

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
exclusive right between Boston and Charlestown; and if they have any exclusive right, it must have some local extent beyond the ferryways, or the planks of the bridge, otherw: _ it would not be exclu sive. If any one at his pleasure could have lawfully carried passen gers from Boston to Charlestown, and landed them within two feet of the ferry-ways of Converse, he would not have had the sole right of carrying between those two points. No other ferry or bridge could be erected between those termini, without "being near in a pbsitive sense;" which is the form of expression in which Chief Justice Parker lays down the rule; without being so near, in the languagq of Blackstond, as to draw awdy the custom of the elder ferry or bridge; or without producing, in the language of Chancellor Xent, ruinous competition.
With this extent, therefore, the college held the ferry on the 9th of March, 1785, when the act passed, making the plaintiffs a corporation for the purpose of erecting a bridge in the place where the ferry' was kept; and the view we take of this transaction is this, that the ,corporation created by this act became the assignees, in equity, of' this franchise, or it was surrendered to their use by operation of law. 2 Thomas' Colie Litt. 553; 6 Barnwell & Creswell, 703.
A bridge, in place of the ferry over Charles river, is deemed by the legislature to be a matter of public utility; and they are disposed to grant a liberal charter to such persons as are willing to undertake so hazardous an enterprise. The college are ready to part with their ferry for an annuity, equal to their then income'; and Thomas Russell and his associates, are willing to make the first experiment in this country, of throwing a bridge, fifteen hundred feet in length, over navigable waters, for the tolls to be granted them, for the period of forty years.
The ancient ferry, then, is to be extinguished; which could not be done without the authority of the government, nor without the consent of the college; 3 Modern Rep. 294.
The petitioners are to pay two hundred pounds annually, to the college, for forty years, as a compensation for the loss of the ferry; and to this agreement the college became a party, by its assent given at the time, and its subsequent acceptance of the annuity; Record, 122, 124.
The right to keep up a ferry at this place is extinguished, but the beneficial interest of the college is not; for in the act there is a

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

437

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
,,saving to the college of a reasonable and annual compensation for the annual income of the ferry."
It is said that the government seized the franchise of the ferry. If this were so, then it passed with the grant of a right to build a bridge "in the place where the ferry was kept;" agreeably to the doctrine in Palmer's caseA Popham's Rep. 78; 9 Coke, 26; 10 Coke, 64, 5. But there is no evideftee that the government did, or intended to seize the franchise, as private property, for public use, in the exercise of the eminent domain. There was-no necessity or motive for doing this; because the petitioners for the bridge had agreed to pay the college for the surrender cf their ferry for the forty years; and their act of incorporation confirmed'and executed that agreement. The whole transaction shows, that it was a matter of previous arrangement between the three parties; and 'the terms and conditions of the bargain were made obligatory of the act.
Now, it is obvious, that if the government had given the college an authority to build a bridge "1in the place where the ferry was kept;" it would have had the same local extent of franchise that the ferry had. Or if the proprietors of Charles -River Bridge had first purchased the ferry 'of the college, and afterwards had obtained a charter to build a bridge "in the place where the ferry was kept;" the result would have been the same.
The beneficial interest vested in the owners of the ferry and of the bridge, is the same, to wit: a right to demand and receive a certain rate of toll from all persons passing from one town to the other; the place the same; the object the same; the mode only dif-
ferent. The power of regulating all these franchises, which are publici
juris,is in the government. It is an incident of sovereignty. In the case of ferries it extends to the number and place of the ferryways, the number and kind of boats, the times of putting off from each side; reaching to all those details which concern the convenience and safety of passage and transportation.
In the case of a bridge, this power of regulation in the government is exerted at the time the charter is granted. The place where the bridge is to be built; its dimensions, materials, lights, draws and other details, are all prescribed and settled by the act: and the government act upon the corporation, by holding them to a strict performance of all the duties imposed.

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et aL.]
The charter of 1785 and its extension in 1792: The first grant was of a right to build a bridge over a navigable river. It was an exercise of the sovereign power of the state over
certain public rights. By the severance of the empire, and the consequent independence
of the states, all public property and public rights, vested in the states, as successors to the crown and government of the parent country. : The power of Massachusetts in the year 1785, was, therefore, as ample and complete over these as it had ever been before the separation.
Such rights as these, have always been held in. England by grant or prescription, exclusively as private property; such as fisheries in arms of the sea; ferries and bridges over navigable rivers or arms of the sea, subject only to such regulations as public convenience
requiired. In grants that abridge publi6 rights, it is generally held that a con-
sideration must be shown; Hargrave's Law Tracts, "De jure marls," 18 to 36; Angel on Tide Waters, 106-7.
In ' Carter v. Thurcot," 4 Burrows, 2161, Lord Mansfield says, "on rivers riot navigable, the proprietors of the adjoining land own ad filum medhim aqu ; not so in arms of the sea; but if he can ,show a right by grant, or prescription which supposes a grant, he may have an exclusive right in an arm of the sea or navigable river." In the following cases the same doctrine is clearly laid down: 4 Durnford and East, 439; 2d vol. Bosanquet and Puller, 472; 1 Durnford and East, 669; 1 Modern Rep. 105; 4 Durnford and East, 668. Such is the law of England.
It is the law of Connecticut. In 1st vol. Connecticut Rep. 382, the Court say, "that the right of fishing, by the common law, in the ocean, in arms of the sea, and in navigable rivers, below high water mark, is common to all; and the state only can grant exclusive right., The public may grant an exclusive right of fishing in, a navigable river; and if it may be granted, it may be prescribed for."
It is the law of New York. See People v. Platt, 17 Johnson, 195. It is the law of Massachusetts. In the 6th vol. of Mass. Rep. Chief Justice Parsons states the common law doctrine, and the alterations it has undergone since the first settlement bf the country. Commonwealth v. Ih. Charlestown, 1 Pickering, 180. With regard to riparian owners of land upon streams, riot navigable, the

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

439

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al common law has not been modified; they own, as in England, to the middle of the stream.
But, with regard to the owners of land bounding on the sea shore, or arms of the sea; they own, by the law of Massachusetts, to low water mark, where the tide does not ebb more than one hundred rods: though, by the common law, they could hold only to high water mark, for all below belonged to the king. Yet they might. hold by grant or prescription against the king. 1 Mass. Rep. 231; 17 do. 289; 4 do. 140; Angel on Tide Waters; 4 Mass. Rep. 522.
An act of the legislature of Massachusetts, touching public property or public rights, has the same force and effect as an act of parliament in England.
There is, then, no restraint or limitatiop upon the power of the grantor over the subject matter of this grant: none in the constitution of Massachusetts: none in the act itself that interferes with the possession of an exclusive right by grantees.
The rule of construction applicable to this charter: It was said by a learned judge, in'the court below, that the general rule of law was, that in governmental grants, nothing passed by implication. Where, I would ask, is any such general rule to be found? Not in the books, surely; nor can it be inferred from adjudged
cases. All those cited in support of the rule are cases of crowiror prerogative grants; and these, as strongly intimated by Chief Justice Eyre, 2 Henry's Blackstone, 500, stand on a different footing from grants by acts of parliament. But, with regard even to these crown grants, where the royal prerogative is entitled to the most indulgence, and where the grant is made at the suit of the grantee; there are a variety of cases where valuable rights, privileges and' franchises, pass by necessary implication. Bacon's Abr. title Prerogative, F. 2i Plowden, 336, 7; Rex v. Twine, Croke. Jac. 179; 9 Coke Rep. 30; Dyer's. Rep. 305 Saville, 132; 1 Ventris, 409; Whistler's case, Rep. 64, 5.
The general rule is. thus laid down by -Chitty on Prerogative,
chap. 16, sec. 3, 391. In ordinary cases, between subject and subiect, the principle is,
that the grant shall be construed, if the meaning be doubtful, most strongly against the grantor; who is presumed to use the most cautious words for his own advantage and security: but, in the case of the king, whose grants chiefly flow from his royal grace and bounty, the rule is otherwise; and crown grants have at all times

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v, Warren Bridge et al.]
been construed most favourably for the king, where a fair doubt exists as to. the real meaning of the instrument.
But there are limitations and exceptions even to this rule: 1st. No striined or extravagant construction is to be made in favour of the king; if the intention be obvious, royal grants are to receive a fair and liberal interpretation. 2d. The construction and leaning shall be in favour of the subject, if the grant show that it was not made at the solicitation of the grantee; but ex-specialigratia,certascientia,et mero motu regis, 10 Coke, 112; Comyn. Dig. Grant, C. 12. 3d. If the king's grants are upon a valuable consideration, they shall be construed strictlyfor thepatentee. The grants of the king, when valid, in general bind him, though without consideration,as subjects are bound by their grants; ch. 16, see. 5. There are cases in which it is said, that when those things, which are said to be parcel of the flowers of the crown, such as the goods of felons, waifsestrays, &c.,"come into the king's possession, they are merged in the crown, and do not pass without express words; but even these w.ill pass, if they can be made certain by reference. The case of the 'Banne, which- has been cited, is explained by Justice Bailey in this way in the case of the "Duke of Somerset v. Fogwell," 5 Barnwell and Creswell, 875. There is, then, no foundation in law for the supposed analogy between crown grants in England, and grants by legislative acts in this country. But if the act of 1785 were subjected to the strictest rules applicable to crown grants, it would be entitled to a liberal construetion lor the grantees; for it is upon a good, a valid, an adequate, and a meritorious consideration. The state of Massachusetts is as much bound by necessary implication in its grants, as individuals are. This is decided in the case of 5' Stoughton v. Baker," 4 Mass. Rep. 522. The true notion of prerogative in this country, is well stated by Parsons, (arguendo), in 1 Mass. Rep. 356, as distinguished from prerogative in England. In 'England prerogative is the cause of one against the whole; here-it is the cause of all against one. In the first case the feelings, the vices, as well as the virtues, are enlisted against it; in the last in favour, of it: and, therefore, heie it is more important that the ju-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.) dicial courts should take care that the claim of prerogative should be more strictly watched.
In the opinion of a learned judge in the court below, we are told, that if the king makes a grant of lands, and the mines therein contained, Poyalmines shall not pass: and why not? Because, says the same authority, the king's grants shall not be taken to a double intent; and the most obvious intent is, that they should only pass the common mines, which are grantable to a common person. That is, the grant shall not draw after it what can be separated, and what is not grantable to a common person, but is a special royalty,-a crown inheritance: and yet this case, and others like it, are cited in support of the pretended ule, that in governmental &rants nothing passes by implication.
What is the consideration of the case in the grant at bar? The grantors themselves furnish the highest evidence- of its merit. In the act incorporating the proprietors of the West Boston Bridge in the year 1792, they say, "Whereas the erection of Charles River Bridge was a work of hazard and public utility, and another bridge in the place pioposed for the West Boston Bridge, may diminish the emoluments of Charles River Bridge;. therefore, for the encouragement of enterprise," &c. &c.
It was hazardous, for no attempt at that time had been made to carry a bridge over tide waters; and so doubtful were the subscribers of its stability, that a number of tilem insured their interest in it. The hazard was all their own; and so great was it thought to be, that upon the breaking up of the ice, persons assembled on the shore to see it carried away. It has stood, however, against time and the elements; it has stood against every thing but legislation. It was opened with processions, and every demonstration of a general rejoicing; and was considered, at the time, as an enterprise of great pat'iotism,-as well as of tility.
This charter is to receive a judicial construction, and the words of grant are to be subjected to a judicial analysis. What relations do the words raise? What rights are extinguished; what required; and what covenants are implied?
In the case of Fletcher and Peck, 6 Cranch's Rep., the grant in that case is said to be a contract executed; the rights of the grantor are said to be forever extinguished; and a contract implied never to reassert his right; but none of these things appear upon the face of the deed.
VOL. XI.-3 K

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
It is gaid, there is a mode of writing with sympathetic ink, which -cannot be read till it is held up to the light. So words of grant, must be held up to the light of judicial interpretation. When the xelations which the words give rise to, are unfolded, the rights that are extinguished; and the rights that are required, and the covenants that are implied, all become clear and legible.
In examining. the charter of 1785, I shall consider, 1st. What is granted by express words. 2d. What by necessary implication. In the third section of the charter are these words: "And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that, for the nurpose of reimbursing the said proprietors the money expended or to be expended, in building and supporting the said bridge, a toll be and hereby is granted and established for the sole benefit of the said proprietors." Upon the authorities already cited, and upon the strong reason of the case, these words vest,-absolutely, in the gra itees a franchL'e, without condition and without reservation; and this franchise is property, Tec6gnised as such, and protected as such, both by the law of England and by the law of this country. In order, then, to make this protection which the law affords, available, it must be exclusive to some elitent; enough, at least, to keep down ruinous competition. All this is conferred upon and vested in the proprietors of Charles River Bridge, by these few words of the charter. In the first volume of Jervis and Crampton's Reports, 57, and 400 in the Exchequer; it appears that a charter was granted to the (5orporation of Stamford, in the 13th of 2 Anne, with a right to take toll, without saying how much. Chief Baron Alexarder says, "We think that where a grant of tolls isfound in a charter, the word ought to have some meaning, and the charter some operation; and that it can receive operation only by being construed to mean a reasonable toll." He goes on to say, "If we were to decide against this charter upon the principles contended for, we should shake tie security of a vast mass of property; which has been enjoyed, undisturbed, for perhaps ages." Again, it is declared expressly, that this toll shall continue for and during the period of forty years. What is the meaning of this limitation? The bridge is to remain, and be delivered to the government in good repair, at the end of the term. If the corporation are merely tenants at will of this franchise; if the legislature can eject

ANUARY TERM, 1837.
"[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] them at pleasure; if they can rightfully shorten the term, when they please, and as much as they please; the limitation to forty years, expressed in the charte'r, becomes absurd and contradictory. It must, however, be construed to mean something; and it can have no reasonable or consistent meaning, but that of an absolute, unconditional grant of tolls for forty years.
Again, the maintenance of the bridge, and the -annuity to the college, run with the charter; and the grant of tolls is made, in express words, for these two objects. Hcre, then, ar two obligations imposed by the charter; one to support the bridge, which amounts, upon an average, to about five thousand dollars a year; and the other to pay to the college two hundred pounds a year; and a toll is granted as the means, and the only means, of fulfilling these obligations: and yet the legislature, the grantors of this charter, claim and exercise the right of wholly withdrawing these means from the corporation, by an indirect act, and leaving these obligations upon t]iem in their full force. Does not this, if any thing can, inpair the obli gation of a contract?
Whence is derived the power or the right to do this? Is it to be found in the charter? No. That grants a toll for forty years, absolutely, without condition or reservation. What, then, is the nature of this mysterious power of the government, that can lawfully resume its own grants; destroy its own contracts; disregard the obligations of good faith; and trample upon every principle of equity and justice?
In the case of Wales v. Stetson, in the 2d Mass. Rep., Chief Justice Parsons says, "We are also satisfied, that the rights legally vested in this or in any corporation, cannot be controlledor destroyed, by any subsequent statute; unless a power for that purpose be reserved to the legislature, in the act of incorporation."
This case, like the one at bar, was a gfant of a franchise; and here we have the solemn judgment of the supreme court of Massaohu. setts, upon its inviolability, in the absence of any such reserved power.
In the case of the East India Company v. Sandys, reported in the seventh volume of State Trials, 556, it appears, that there was this condition inserted in the charter, "That if'it should hereafter appear to his majesty, or his successors, that that grart-or the continuance thereof; in whole or in part, should not be profitable to his majesty, his heirs, and successors, or to this realm, it should, after notice, &c.

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River 'Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
be void." Thus, it appears, that even in the opinion of Lord Chief Justice Jeffries, no feeble supporter of royal prerogative, a charter could not be repealed or annulled, unless a power for that purpose was reserved in it to the grantor.
Thus far the case at bar'stands upon the very words of the grant; 'upon the legal and obvious construction of the act itself, without resort to those necessary implications which arise from the nature of the grant.
2d. What is granted by necessary implication? The general rule of law is thus laid down in Coke Litt. 56, a. "When the law doth give any thing to one, it giveth impliedly whatsoever is necessary for the taking and enjoying the same." Plowden's Case of the Mines, 317. "For the ore of gold and silver is the king's; and if it is, the law gives him means to come to it, and that is by digging; so that the power of digging is .incidental to the thing itself." If one grant to aniother all the minerals in a certain parcel of land; the grantee has a right to go upon the land, and dig, and carry away the ores. In one thin$ all things following shall be included: lessee of land has a right of way of lessor's land: grantee of trees, growing in a close, may come upon the land to cut them: &c. &c. Finch, 45, 'Rule, 100. The grant of a thing carries all things included; without which the thing granted cannot be haa. Hobart Rep. 234; also 5 Coke, Saunder's case; 11 Coke, 52, Lifford's case; and 1 Williams' Saun. 322. Upon these authorities the only question is, are tolls necessary or essential to the enjoyment of this franchise? Just as necessary and essential as air is.to the support of animal life. They are part and parcel of the franchise itself; its very essence, substance and life. What is our franchise without, tolls ? It is compounded of certain rights and certain obligations. The rights are: to be a corporation, with the usual powers incident to corporations; such as the right to have a common seal; to sue and be sued; to maintain a bridge over navigable waters; to demand toll of. all persons passing over the bridge, &c. The obligations are: to maintain the bridge at an expense of five thousand dollars a year; to pay Harvard college two hundred pounds a year; and to deliver up the bridge in good repair, at the end of forty years.

J'ANUARY TERM, 1837.

445

[Charies River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
The rights are without value,' utterly barren and fruitless: the obligations are oppressive and lasting as the charter. Yet a learned judge, in the court below, says, "that a trader or inn-holder, has as good a right to be protected in the enjoyment of the profits of his store or inn, as the plaintiffs have to be protected in the enjoyment of their tolls." Is a trader's shop or a taverner's license a franchise? .
Since the first Wednesday of March last, the Warren Bridge has been free; and the necessary consequence has followed, viz., the entire destruction of the plaintiff's franchise. One thing more remains to be done, and then the work will be finished. The attorney general will be directed to file a quo warrantoagainst the corporation, for a noncompliance with some of its public duties; and a decree of forfeiture of the franchise will be obtained. This must inevitably happen, unless it can be presumed that this corporation will continue to maintain the bridge at their own private expense, for the public accommodation.* The government will thdn have got into their possession two bridges, without the expenditure of a dollar: one having been paid for out of the fruits of the franchise of 'Charles River Bridge; and 'the other obtained by a decree of forfeiture, for not complying with its obligations.
In the mean time, the proprietors of Charles River Bridge may
well look upon the proceedings of the government with amazement. But a few years since, and they held a property in this franchise, which cost them three hundred thousand dollars; and where is it now? "They are charged with no fault, neglect of duty, or breach of any condition. No judicial process has ever been issued against them; and yet, without a cent of compensation, they are: stripped of this property by the mere- force of legislation. By what transcendental logic can such a result be justified upon any principles of law,
equity, or'good faith." Among the various pretences that have been put forth in justifica-
tion of the act omplained of, i$ this, to wit: that the charter is nothing more than a license to obstruct navigable waters.
In the 15th vol. Viner's Ab. p. 94, License, E, it is said, if a certain time is limited, it is not revocable, though the thing. is not done. License executed is not countermandable.
The same law is, if one license me and my heirs to come and hunt in his park, it is necessary for me to have this license in writing; for

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
something passes by the license in perpetuity: but if the license be to me to .hunt once in'his park, this is good without writing, for no inheritance passes. 11 Henry VII, p. 9.
There is a great diversity between a license in fact, which giveth an interest, and a license in fact, which giveth only an authority, or dispensation; for the one ig not to be countermanded, but the other is.
A license is revocable unless a certain time is fixed. Sir William Webb v. Paternoster, Popham Rep. 151; Taylor v. Waters, Tajinton's Rep. 374; Liggins v. Inge, 5 Moore and Paine, 712.
So it appears, that if a license is in writing to one and his heirs, it is not revocable. 2d. If it passes an interest, it is not revocable and 3d. If it is for a time limited, it is not revocable. The case at bar enbraces all these: it is in writing; it passes an interest; and is for a time limited.
The grant to the proprietors of the Charles River Bridge, both by express words and by iecessary implication, vests in them absolutely, a franchise, a beneficial interest, for forty years; and this interest consists of a right to levy money according'to certain fixed rates, upbn the line and course of travel between Charlestown and Boston.
But it is said, that a line of travel is uncertain, and cannot be defined; that it often changes, according to the exigences of society. And this to some extent, is doubtless true; and it is also true that from the changes that are constantly taking place in human affairs, a bridge or ferry may be subjected to incidental injuriesi It sometimes happens, that a consequential damage may be suffered by one, ,arising out of the lawful use of property by another. The grant of the West Boston Bridge and of the Canal Bridge, affected in some degree the income of Chailes River Bridge; but thesm were between different termini, opening new avenues into the country, and giving better accommodation to a large amount of population. They were grants of similar franchises, called for by public exigences; and not directly and apparently, intentionally interfering with former grants. The revival of Winnisemmit Ferry^ has somewhat diminished the travel through Charlestown; but it is between Boston and Chelsea, and is coeval with the ancient ferry between Boston and Charlestown. Whatever damage, therefore, is suffered, arising from the changes or progress of society; from political or commercial arrangenients; from the natural course of business %rindustry, is regarded,

JANUARY TERM; 1837.

447

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren. Bridge et al.]
and must be borne as merely incidental. But the voluntary, dirbet, and fatal action of the gbvernment upon its ownD former grant, is not incidental, and does not belong to cases of consequential damage.
The facts in the case at bar are peculiar, and distinguish it from all other cases of a similar nature. The abutments of the two bridges are two hundred and sixty feet apart on the Charlestown side; and the avenues to them meet in Charlestown Square, at the distance of about four hundred feet from the abutments. On. the Boston side, the abutments of the two bridges are about nine hundred feet apart, and the avenues to them meet in Boston, at the distance of about fourteen hundred feet. The distance from Charlestown Square to all the business parts of Boston, over these bridges, is within -a few feet the same; so that the same accommodation i afforded by both bridges. Now, as all the roads leading into and from Charlestowa, terminate, or cross each other in this square, it follows, that all the travel which now goes over the Warren Bridge would, with equal convenience, have gone over Charles River Bridge; if that had been the only avenue between Boston and Charlestown.. The new bridge has connected no new line of travel with the old; it has not shortened the distance between the two termini,nor given any other additional accommodation, than two parallel bridges give over one. Of the necessity of two bridges, some judgment may be formed from this fact: about three thousand foot passengers passed over Charles River Bridge in one day, and about seven hundred and fifty vehiclet of all descriptions, as appears by the record; about eighty thousand foot passengers, and four thousand vehicles go over London bridge every day.
The travel, therefore, from Charlestown to Boston is a unit; it is now, and always has been, and always must -be, the same line of travel. The grant of the Warren Bridge, therefore; which, while it was a - toll bridge, diverted two-thirds of this travel fror Charles River Bridge, and since it has become free, divetts the whole;. is a grant of the same franchise. It is, in its effect and operation, the entire destruction of property, held by an older title; the resumption of a grant, which this Court has declared to be a contract executed; by Which the rights of the grantor are forever extinguished, and a covenant implied on his part never to reassert his rights. But in the ,case at bar, the grantor has reasserted his' right over this franchise; and has thus-impaired theobligation of his contract.
A learned judge in the court below, in commenting upon the ex-

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
tent of the franchise of the bridge; remarks, that it is either confined to the planks, or in other words, has no local extent; or else, extends to the old bridge in Cambridge, a distance of some three or four miles.
Now, it is a little remarkable, that the proprietors of the Charles River Bridge, do not now, and never have claimed any such local extent: all they have ever claimed, or do. now claim, is an exclusive right between Charlestown and Boston. Yet, in order to make the claim odious, it is represented a's extending over the whole river.
But how does the,learned judge get at his conclusion that the extent of this franchise is either every thing or nothing? .Not surely from the declarations of the proprietors, for they have uniformly limited their right in the manner stated; not from the books of common law, for in them, the rule is stated with great uniformity and precision, and runs through the whole current of authorities, from Henry the sixth to the present time. The rule of the common law is, that if a rival market, bridge, or ferry, is erected so near an existing one as to draw away its custom, essentially to impairits value, materially to diminish its income or profits; near in a positive sense, so near as to produce ruinous competition; &c. &c., it shall be deemed a nuisance.
But it is asked, what and where are the boundaries of these rights? And because they cannot put their finger on the precise spot in the" river, where private right ends and public right begins, they have no right at all: because the common law does not, unhappily, furnish a pair of 6ompasses to measure the exact local extent of this franchise, it has no extent at all: because it does not cover the whole river, it is confined to the width of the bridge.
Does the law, or do learned judges deal with nuisances on the land in this way? How near to a dwelling house may one establish a noisome or unwholesome mariufactory? Does the common law measure the distance, and say, here it shall bi deemed a nuisance; and there it shall not? And how is it to be determined whether it be a nuisance or not, but by the fact? It is a matter of evidence, and is to be proved like any other fact. Is the atmosphere filled with a noxious effluvia? ATe the comfort and value of' the dwelling impaired by this establishment? Then it is a nuisance, whether it be at the' distance of 'ten rods or half a mile.' So in the case at bar; it is the fact rather than the distanie,,that is to determine whether a - iival bridge is a nuisance or not. Does it greatly impair the value

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] of the elder franchise? Does it essentially diminish its profits? Does it wholly ruin it? These are all matters of evidence; facts to bd proved; and courts and juries, in the exercise of a sound discretion. upon all the facts and circumstances of each particular case, will give a reasonable protection to the property in these franchises, by giving them a reasonable extent.
But it is argued, that when the charter of Charles River Bridge was extended for thirty years, in the year 1792, notice was given to all the world by a legislative act, that the proprietors had no exclusive right; and that inasmuch as they took their extended charter, with this notice, it is now too late to set up any such right.
The act incorporating the proprietors of the West Boston Bridge, was passed on the 9th of March, 1792; and in the 8th section of that act, it is enacted, that the proprietors of Charles River Bridge shall continue to be a corporation and. body politic, for and during the term of seventy years, to be computed from the day that said Charles River Bridge was completed and opened for passengers, subject to all the conditions and regulations prescribed in the act, entitled "an act, incorporating certain persons for the purpose of builaing a bridge over Charles river, between Boston and Charlestown, and supporting the same during the term of forty years, and during the aforesaid term of seventy years, the said proprietors of Charles River Bridge shall, and may continue to collect and receive all'the toll granted by the aforesaid act for their use. and benefit." There is then a proviso, that the proprietors shall Felinquish the additional toll on the Lord's dady, and shall cbntinue to pay the annuity to the college, &c. &c.
This extension of the charter of Charles River Bridge was made, as set forth in the preamble to the grant.
Whereas, the erection of Charles River Bridge was a work of hazard and utility, and another bridge in the place proposed for the West Boston Bridge, may diminish the emoluments of Charles River Bridge, therefore, &c.
The notice referred to, is contained in the report of a committee, to whom had been referred the petition for the West Boston Bridge; and thq remonstrance of Charles River Bridge, and is in these words: "The committee further report; that after attending to the memorial of the proprietors of Charles River Bridge, and hearing them fully on the subject, they are of the opinion, that there is no ground to main tain that the act incorporating the proprietors for the purpose of
VOL. XI.-3 L

450

SUPREME COURT.

[Charfes River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al
building a bridge from Charlestown to Boston, is an exclusive grant of the right to build over the waters of that river."
Such is the opinionof a committee; and supposing it to have been adopted by the legislature, it would then be the opinion of. that body, and nothing more. How then can this opinion affect or control the rights of the proprietori, held by them under a former grant? If, instead of being an opinion merely, it had been a declaratory act; still all the rights vested in the proprietors, by their charter of 1785, would have remained in full force and effect; and the charter of 1792 is merely a continuance of the first, with all its rights, &c. &c.; and subject to all its obligations. As this declaration of the legislature makes no part of the act of 1792, all the rights which belonged to the pioprietors in 1785, belonged to them equally in 1792. If such a declaration had been inserted in the act itself, ex-
tending the term to seventy years, and the act had beei accepted; the proprietors might havebeen bound by it.
But the import and meaning of this opinion have been mistaken. It does not deny any claim made by the plaintiffs, but is entirely consistent with it. It does not deny that the proprietors have an exclusive right between Boston and Charlestown; but does deny that they have an exclusive right over the whole river. There was a petition before this committee for another bridges not from Charlestown to Boston, but from Cambridge to Boston; and the committee say to the remonstrants -yourexclusive right does not extend to Cambridge, a distance of two miles; it is not an "exclusive right to build over the waters of.Charles river;" hut inasmuch as the proposed bridge may affect your emoluments, we recommend an extension of your charter. It was seen that the proposed bridge would cause a consequential damage to Charles River Bridge; and it was on that ground that the proprietors appealed to the equity of the legislature; and it was on that ground alone, as"they expressly declare, that the legislature granted an extension of their charter for thirty years.
In the following cases, an exclusive right in ferries is fully maintained. Churchman v. Tunstal, Hardres' Rep. 162; Tripp v. Frank, 4 Term Rep. 666; Chadwick's case, 2 Dane's Abr. 683. The case of Huzzey v. Field, recently decided in the exchequer, is reported in the2d vol. of Crampton, Mason & Roscoe, 432; and also in the 13th No. Law Journal, .239. In this- case, Lord Abinger reviews the whole doctrine in relation to this franchise) beginning with the earliest cass', and confirming all the principles which are necessary to

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
the support of the case at bar. The case of the Islington market, recently reported in the 131st No. of the Legal Examiner; in which the opinion of 'the nine judges is given upon a series of questions touching the franchise of a market, put to them by the house of lords; reviews and confirms all the doctrines advanced in support of the plaintiffs' claim in thiscase; and shows, most conclusively, what the law of England is at this present time. -The law there, is -essentially and truly, now, what it was three centuries ago, in relation to all these franchises; and unless it can1 be shown that this law has been overruled by adjudged cases; or modified by statute, it is now the law of this country.
Much has been said in the course of this controversy of monopolies, and exclusive privileges; and these have been frl'itful themes of declamation. And what is a monopoly, but'a-bad name, given to any thing for a bad purpose. Such certainly has been the use of the word in its application to this case. It is worth a definition.
A monopoly then is an exclusive privilege conferred on one, or a company, to trade or traffic in some particular drticle; such as buying and selling sugar or coffee, or cotton, in derogation of a common right. Every man has a natural right to buy, and sell these articles; but when this right which is common to all, is conferred on one, it is a monopoly, and as such is justly odious. It is then, something carved out of the common possession and enjoyment of all, and equally belonging to all, and given exclusively to one. But the grant of a franchise is not a monopoly, for it is not part or p4rcel of a common right. No man has a right to build a bridge over a navigable river, or set up a ferry, without the authority of thp state. All these franchises, whether public property or public rights, are the peculiar property of. the state. They belong to the'sovereign, and when they are granted to individuals or corporations, they are in no sense monopolies; because they are not in derogation of common right.
But it is said, that the legislature has a right in its discretion to grant ferries, bridges, turnpikes, and rail roads, whenever public convenience requires it; and that of this convnience or necessity, they are the exclusive judges. I state the proposition as broadly as it has ever been laid down, because I have no wish to avoid its just consideration.
It is admitted then, that the legislature has a general authority over these subjects; but it is nevertheless a limited authority. It

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v.Warren Bridge et al.]
is notomnipotent like that of the British parliament, but is subjected to many restraints and limitations. A state legislature can do wrong, and has done wrong; and this Court has corrected their errors, and restored the rights which had, inadvertently, of course, been invaded or taken away.
The people in forming their constitutions of government have imposed many restraints upon the exercise of the legislative power. They have inserted in many of their constitutions, certain fundamental principles, which were intended to limit, or wholly withdraw them from the power of the legislature. They cannot abridge the liberty of speech or of the press; pass ex post facto laws; suspend the writ of habeas corpus; or take private property for public use, without compensation.
These limitations and restraints upon the exercise of legislative power, in Massachusetts, are imposed. by its own constitution.
There .are restraints imposed by the constitution of the United States upon all state legislation; and one very important restraint, a disregard of which, in the opinion of the plaintiffs, has brought this cause before this Court; is, that no state shall pass any law impairing the obligation of contracts. The power conferred on this Court by the constitution of the United States, of controlling, in certain specific cases, state legislation, has given, and was intended to give, in the language of this Court, "a bill of rights to the people of each state." The exerbise of this ultimate conservative power, constitutes one of the highest functions of this Court. The wise men who framed this constitution, clearly discerned in the multiform operations of human passions and interests, the necessity for some Palm, controlling power; and in conferring it upon this Court, they exhibited the most profound wisdom, guided by human experience.
The legislative power is restrained and limited by the principles of natural justice.
In the case of Calder v. Bull, 3 Dallas' Rep., Judge Chase says, "There are certain vital' principles in our free republican govern-
:ments, which will determine and overrule an apparent and flagrant abuse of legislative power; as to authorize manifest injustice by positive law; or to take away that security for personal liberty or private property, for the protection whereof government was established. An act of the legislatiire, for I cannot call it' a law, contrary to the first great principles of the social compact, cannot be considered a rightful exercise of legislative authority. The obligation of a law.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

453

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.],
in governments established on express compact, and on republican principles; must be determined by the nature of the power on which it is founded. A few. instances will be .sufficient to explain what I mean. A law that punishes a citizen for an innocent action, or, in other words, which-when done, was in violation of no existing law; a law that destroys or impairs lawful private contracts; a law that makes a man a judge in his own case; or a law that takes property from A. and gives it to B: it is against all reason and justice, for a people to entrust a legislature with such power; and therefore it cannot be presumed, that they have done it. The genius, the nature, and the spirit of our state governments, amount to a prohibition of such acts of legislation; and"the general principles of law and reason forbid them: the legislature may enjoin, permit, forbid, and punish; they may declare new crimes, and establish rules of conduct for all their citizens in future cases; they may command what is right, and prohibit what is wrong; but they cannot change innocence into guilt, or punish innocence as a crime; or violate the right of an antecedent lawful private contract, or the right of private property."
In the case of Flecher v. Peck, 6 Cranch's Rep. the Court say: When, then, a law is in its nature a contract; when absolite rights have vested under that contract; a repeal of that law cannot divest those rights; and the act of annulling them, if legitimate, is rendered so by a power applicable to the case of every individual in the community.
It may well be doubted whether the - nature of society and of government does not prescribe some limits to the legislative power; and if any be prescribed, where are they to be found, if the property of an individual, fairly and honestly acquired, may be seized without compensation.
To the legislature, all legislative power is granted; but the.question, whether the act of transferring the property of an individual to* the public, be in tie nature of the legislative power, is well worthy of serious reflection.
Regarding the practical operation and effect of the Warren Bridge charter, upon the rights and property of the plaintiffs; the case at bar comes clearly within the scope of the remarks cited from DallasL and Cranch. In point of fact, it takes the property of the plaintiffs, and give j it to the public. It is, in its operation, an act of confiscation. It violates all those distinctions of right and wrong, of justice and

SUPREME COURT.
[Charies River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] injustice, which lie at the foundation of all law, and of all government; and if men were to deal with each other as this act deals with the 15laintiffs, the very frame-work of our civil polity would be broken down; all confidence would be destroyed; and all sense of security for the rights of persons and property wrould be lost.
Again, the legislative power is restrained and limited by its own fdriner grants. In Chitty's Prerogatives of the Crown, page 132, he says: "It is a principle of law, that the king is bound by his own and his ancestors"grants; and cannot therefore, by his mere prerogative, take away vesied rights, immunities, or privileges." The same identical franchise which has been granted to one, cannot be granted to anqther. The grant of a franchise is as much a grant of property as a grant of land; and if a grant of a franchise can be resumed or annulled, so can a grant of land. Both are portions of the public property; both vest in the grantees a property, a beneficial interest; and in both, the grant is a contract executed.
Since this suit has been pending, a very important case has been decided in the supreme court of appeals in the state of Maryland. It is the case of the "Canal Company v. The Rail Road Company;" and is reported in the 4th vol. of Gill and Johnson's Reports.
The Canal Company's was the prior grant. Surveys of the route for each of these great internal works had been made; and itwas found that they approached so near each other at a place called the Point of Rocks, that there was not room enough for both between the rocks and the river. In making these surveys, the Rail Road Company had preceded the other company; they had located their route; purchased and condemned the land necessary for their purpose; when their progress was arrested by an injunction, at the instance of the Canal Company, who found it to be impracticable to construct their canal by the side of the rail road. And the questiota was, which had the prior right; and the court, in a very elakorate opinion, decided it in favou - of the prior grant. This case iLbefore the court, and many of the points discussed and determined in the case, are among the important points to be decided in this.
Within all these distinctions, there was, and always will be ample room for the legislature to provide every convenience and accommodation that public exigencies may require. And this can be done without resuming former grants; or taking private property without compensation.
They might have seized the plaintiffs' franchise in the exercise of

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
the eminent domain. All the property in the state, under whatever title it may be held, may be thus taken for public use; but upon the simple condition of making a reasonable compensation for it. The legislature, however, did not proceed in the exercise of this high power to provide for the public accommodation; but they took the property without "payingfor it.
Or they might have accepted the offer of the plaintiffs, as set forth in their memorial on the twentieth page of the record. By a vote of the proprietors, the corporation offered, if the legislature would give them the necessary authority, to make the avenues to the bridge of any given width; to construct a circular draw, so that passengers should not be delayed, when vessels were passing through; to make the bridge itself, as much wider as should be deemed convenient; to construct a spurr bridge, and even to build a new bridge:- thus submitting the whole matter to the judgment of the legislature; and pledging themselves to do all and whatsoever they should authorize and direct them to do, in providing for the public acconmmodation.
This offer .was declined, and no reasons given; and it is admitted, that they were not absolutely bound to accept it, or to give reasons for their refusal; but it is certainly open to such inferences as the facts of their case will warrant.
But it is repeated, again and again, that the legislature had found the fact, that the convenience of the public required another avenue from Charlestown to Boston. What then? Does the finding of this fact justify any and all sorts of legislation? Is it any excuse or justification for the resumption of a franchise; for the annihilation of a vast amount of property without compensation? The fact may be made the basis of legislation, but affords no excuse for unjust or unconstitutional legislation.
In the case of the Islington market, before cited, the house of lords found the fact, that public convenience required an enlargement of the old market, or the establishmelt of a new one. A bill was pending for a new market, and the house of lords, instead of proceeding to pass the act, thought it proper to put a series of questions relating to the matter, to the nine judges. They inquired of the judges what was the law; what they could do touching this market, consistently with the. existing rights of others? The.answers are given-at large; and if the law, which is there declared to be the law of England, had been applied to the plaintiffs' case, when the.

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
act establishing the Warren Bridge was pending, it never would and never could have passed.
But the legislature proceeded to authorize the bridge to be built, and granted a toll, out of which the whole expense was to be paid. Accordingly, the bridge was built, and paid for out of the tolls received. That being done, the functions of the legislature ceased. They had provided another avenue, and paid for it; and there their
duty to the public ended. Was it a matter of common convenience, or of public necessity,
that the government, after paying for the bridge out of the tolls, should put twenty thousand dollars a year into the public treasury, or which is the same thing, give it to the public? Is any man bold enough to vindicate the act upon this ground? With the same right, the government might have repealed the plaintiffs' charter, or passed an act requiring the tolls to be paid into the public'treasury. The indirect way in which the franchise has been destroyed, does not alter the principle; for what cannot lawfully be done directly, cannot be done indirectly.
The sole basis of the proceeding was, that public convenience required another bridge, and it was justified by its advocates on this ground alone: the moment therefore, that the government began to fill its coffers from the tolls, it lost its original character, and assumed a new one. It then became a matter of speculation and profit, and not of public convenience or necessity.
After all, the government have entirely failed to accomplish their only lawful purpose, to wii: providing some further accommodation for the public travel; for there is, at this moment, but one travelled avenue between Boston and Charlestown. Since the Warren Bridge was made free, all the travel is over that bridge; to which, if we now add the increase of travel for the last twelve years, and the amount drawn from the other bridges,, it will be found that the travel over this one bridge is nearly double what it ever was over Charles River Bridge. Yet the inconveniences and dangers of passing over Charles River Bridge, twelve years ago, were so great, that the legislature, out of tender regard for the safety of the people, granted another avenue. Now, though there is nearly twice as much travel over this new avenue, no inconvenience is experienced; and no complaint is 'made.
The ground upon which the plainti ffs have always rested their cause, was this; that their rights and their duties were commensu-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
rate; tney have always claimed an exclusive right between Charlestown and Boston; and they have always stood ready to fulfil all the obligations which that right imposed. Such is the law of England with regard to these -franchises, as it is clearly stated in the cases of Tripp v. Frank, Huzzy v. Field, already cited in relation to ferries; and the cases of Prince v. Lewis, 5 Barn. & Cres. and Mosely-v. Walker, 7 Barn. & Cres. in relation.to markets. The memorial of the plaintiffs is founded upon this reciprocity of rights and duties; and all the English cases go upon the principle, that' the extent of the one, is the measure of the other.
I do not go into any argument to prove that the plaintiffs' charter is a contract; but merely refer the Court to the following cases. Flecher v. Peck, 6 Cranch, 87; New Jersey v. Wilson, lb. 164; Terret v. Taylor, 9 Cranch, 49; 4 Wheat. 516; S lb. 84; Ib.'50.
But it is said, that if the legislature of iIassachusetts has taken private property for public use, without compensation; the remedy is in the courts of the state. It is possible, that the case here supposed, may happen; although it is not the case at bar. Whatever may be the abuses of legislative power; whatever injuries may be inflicted upon the rights of persons or of property; still, if the obligation of a contract is not impaired, or some-one of the specific provisions of the constitution of the United States, imposing restraints and prohibitions upon the states, is not violated; this Court has no jurisdiction; 2 Pet. 412$ 13.
If property held under a grant from the state is taken, in the exercise of the eminent' domain, provision for compensation is always made in the act:" and in such cases no questions can arise; as the property is taken by a paramount authority, and paid for. But, if property thus held, is taken, and no compensation is provided, it does give this Court jurisdiction; because this grant is declared to be a contract executed; the rights of the grantor are said to be forever extinguished, and'a covenant implied never to reassert them. When therefore, this property thus held, is restmed or destroyed by the grantor; the obligation of the contract is impaired, the implied covenant is broken, and the jurisdiction of this Court attaches.
Now what is the aspect of the case at bar, in relation to this matter? What issues do the.pleadings present for the decision of this Court? The allegation in the plaintiffs bill is, that the act of 12th March, 1828, is repugnant to the constitution of the United States; because it impairs the obligations of a contract. The defendants in
VOL. XI.-3 M

SUPREME COURT:
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
their answer deny this; and thus the only issue is formed upon which this Court can found a decree. The plaintiffs no where affirm that privaite property has been taken for public use, by the state, in the exercise of the eminent domain; nor do the defendants 'allege it, nor do the court below; on the contrary, Chief Justice Parker says, 7 Pickering, 530, that there will be a decree against the plaintiffs, in order that they may avail themselves of the right secured to them by the constitution and laws, of a revision by the Supreme Court of the United States; where it is highly proper that this question, depending, as I think it does, mainly upon the constitution of the United States, should be ultimately decided." The decree of the court below also asserts, that no private property has been taken for public use.
It is also apparent from the act itself, that the legislature did not intend to seize the franchise of the plaintiffs by virtue of the eminent domain; for they made no provision in the act for compensation. Now, it is the settled law of Massachusetts, that in all cases where private property is taken for public use, provision for compensation must be made in the act itself. But in the case at bar, it appears that the legislature carefully avoided the open and avowed intention of exerting this high power, confided to them by the constitution, by making provision for compensation, only in cases where real estate should be taken. The constitution says, that where property is taken for public use, compensation shall be made; the legislature say in this act, that where real estate is taken, compensation .,hall be made. Now this franchise of the plaintiffs is not real estate, although it is property; and by this exclusion of the word property, it is most manifest, that the legislature did not intend, and did not in fact, seize the franchise as private property for public use. They proceeded on the ground of right to make the grant in question, without compensation; this right is denied on the ground that it resumes or destroys a former grant, and thus impairs the obligation of a contro,-t. This, then, presents the issue, and the only one of which this Court has jurisdiction.
It is admitted that the right of eminent domain is an incident of sovereignty, and cannot be alienated. And it is also admitted, that all the property of the citizens of the state is liable to the exercise of this paramount authority. No matter by what title it is held, it is all alike subject to be taken for public use. The exercise of this power, however, is restricted by an express provision in the state

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

459

-[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] -constitution; that compensation shall be made. This fundamental law is inserted in the constitution of the United States, as well as in that of many of the states; and the followingcases show how filly this principle has been recognised and acted upon, by the judicial tribunals of the country; 2 Dall. 304; 9 Cranch;43; 2 Pet. 655; 1 Kent's Commentaries, 425; 2 Johnson's Chancery Cases, 162; 12 Mass. Rep. 468; 7 Mass. Rep. 395.
The doctrine of consequential damages, sometimes referred to in the court below, can have no application to the case at bar: except on the ground that the grant of the Warren Bridge does not impair the former grant; or if it does, that the plaintiffs are not entitled to compensation. In making the grant, it is assumed that the legislature merely granted what was its own; and if the plaintiffs have suffered by the exercise of a lawful power, it is a case of damnum absque injuria, for which the law gives no remedy. This argument, as applied to the case in the court below by a learned judge, assumes the whole matter in dispute, and need not therefore be further pursued;, but I would merely ask, whether any case can be found, to which this doctrine has been applied in justification, in which the consequential injury has been not partial and incidental, hut total.
It has been often repeated, that the plaintiffs have received more than a million of- dollars, in the course of about fifty years; and it is urged, that this is a sufficient consideration for building and maintaining the bridge; and that no injustice is done by cutting off twenty years of the term. Even a learned judge in the court below, says, that the consideration should be in "some measure adequate." And is not a good, a valid, a meritorious consideration, in some .measure adequate? Was it not, at the time of the contract, fully adequate? And can one of the parties rescind it now, because it.has turned out to be more beneficial than was anticipated by either?
I will not further trespass upon the patience of the Court, -by showing that an inquiry by a -committee of the legislature is not equivalent to a writ of ad quod damnum executed, which is a judicial process; because I have already shown, that, even such a process in England, is not conclusive upon the rights of the parties. If, therefore, it were equivalent, it would settle nothing: but it has no resemblance to it, and is not worthy of further notice.
Upon the validity of this act of the 12th of March, 1828, this Court have now to pronounce a final judgment, which must decide-

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
the title to.a vast amount of property. This property has been held under a grant from the state, for nearly half a century: it has been bought and sold in open market, under the eye of the government:it has been taken in payment of debts and legacies: distributed in every form, in the settlement of estates, without notice, or even a suspicion, that the title was bad. It has been for many years sought for as a safe and profitable investment, by guardians, trustees, charitable institutions, and such other persons as are obliged to entrust their property to the management of others, in whom they place confidence. And yet these owners of this property, who have purchased, or taken it, at its market value, and who have not received more than the legalinterest of their money; are represented as odious monopolists, exacting enormous profits upon a capital which has been repaid to them over and over again. The original stockholders are all dead; or, if any of them are still living, the property has long since passed out of. their hands: but if they were now living, and holders of this property, they would not have gained more, nor so much, by -their purchase, as those who bought real estate at that period, and kept it till the present time.
At length, however, the grantor finds that these owners have no good title to this property; and without judicial process or inquiry, confiscates the whole to the use of the public.
But the principles to be established-by the judgment of the Court, in this case, iill decide the title to more than ten millions of dollars, in the state of 'Massachusetts alone. If that judgment shall decide that the legislature of Massachusetts has the constitutional power to pass the act in question; what and where is the security for other corporate property? More than four millions of dollars have been invested in three rail-roads, leading from Boston, under charters granted by the legislature. The title to these franchises is no other, and'no better, than that of the plaintits. The same means may be employed to accomplish the same ends; 'and who can say that the same results will not follow? Popular prejudice may be again appealed to; and popular passions excited by passionate declamations against tribute money, exclusive privileges, and odious monopolies: and these, under skilful management, may be combined, and brought to bear upon all chartered rights, with a resistless and crushing power. Are we to be told that these dangers are imaginary? That all these interests may be safely confided to the equity and justice of the legislature? That a just and paternal regard for the rights of

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

461

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al property, and the obligations of good faith, will always afford a reasonable protection against oppression or injustice? I answer all such fine sentiments, by holding up the charter of Charles River Bridge; once worth half a million of dollars; and now not worth the parchment it is written upon.
I have as much respect for, and confidence in legislative bodies as reason and experience will warrant: but I am taught by both, that they are not the safest guardians of private rights. I look to the law; to the administration of the law: and, above all, to the supremacy of the law, as it resides in this Court, for the protection of the rights of persons and.property, against all encroachment, by the inadvertent legislation of the states. So long a this Court shall'continue to exercise this most salutary and highest of all its functions, the whole legislation of the country will be kept within its constitutional sphere of action. The result will be general confidence; and general security.
I have thus attempted to satisfy the. Court, that, by virtue of an assignment in equity, or a surrender at law, of an ancient ferry, and the act of 1785, incorporating the plaintiffs, a franchise or beneficial interest was absolutely, and without condition or reservation, vested in them for the time limited; that the franchise so vested is recognised as property, and protected as property, both by the law of England and of this country; that, in order to make this protection available, it must, of necessity, have some local extent, sufficient, at least, to keep down ruinous competition; or, in other words, that it must be exclusive between Charlestown and Boston. That the grants of 1785 and 1792, constituting the charter of the plaintiffs, being made on good, valid, adequate and meritorious considerations, are entitled to a liberal construction for the grantees; that these grants; according to the decisions of this Court, constitute a coitract: that the act of March 12th, 1828, establishing the Warren Bridge Corporation, impairs the obligation of this contract, by resuming this franchise, and divesting the plaintiffs of this property, without compensation: and that their only remedy is in this Court, under the constitution of the United States.

Mr. Greenleaf, for the defendants, argued, 1st. That the present situation of the cause presented insuperable objections to any decree in favour of the plaintiffs. The Warren Bridge, which is the subject of comoplaint, has now become the.pro-

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
perty of the commonwealth, by the terms of the original charter. The defendants were merely authorized to indemnify themselves, for the cost of the erection of the bridge, by collecting tolls for a period not exceeding six years frofi the commencement. They were after'wards constituted the agents of the commonwealth, by .special statutes, to receive tolls for its use two years longer; but those statutes having expired, the bridge has become free.
The general objects of the plaintiffs' bill are, first; to obtain reimbursement of the tolls already diverted from their bridge, and received ac the Warren Bridge; and, secondly, to prevent the use of the latter, as a public way. In the decision of this cause, this Court will exercise no larger jurisdiction than was possessed by the supreme judicial court of Massachusetts; and will render no other decree than ought to have been rendered by that tribunal. It is well known that the people of that state, in the grant of equity powers, have manifested great reluctance, and a decided preference for the common law remedies; intending to preserve the. jurisdiction of the common law, "in all cases where that is capable of affording substantial and adequate relief;" 6 Pick. 397. Now, for the mere diversion of tolls, there is "a plain, adequate, and complete remedy at law," by an action of the case; and, therefore, by the rules which the courts of that state have prescribed to themselves, there is none in equity. The only ground on which this part of the claim could be sustained in equity, would be by charging the defendants as trustees. But it has been held in Massachusetts, that the equity powers of the supreme judicial court extend only to cases expressly designated by statute; 6 Pick. 395; and that no trusts -weie cognizable there, except those arising under deeds, and which are expressly declared in writing; Dwight v. Pomeroy, 17 Mass. 327; Safford v. Rantoul, 12 Pick. 233; Given v. Simpson, 5 Greenl. 303.
The only ground, therefore, on which the Court can deal with the tolls, is, that having possession of the bill for the purpose of injunction, it may extend its decree "over all the incidental equities of the cause. But this Court can make no decree which can relieve the complainants, because there are no parties before it capable of obeying an injunction. The bridge having become the property of the state, these defendants have neither right nor power to prevent the use of it as a way. The commonwealth is the only party whose rights are to be affected by whatever decree may be made in regard to the bridge; and no injunction can be issued against one not party

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

463

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et aL.] to the suit: Fellows v. Fellows, 4 Johns. Ch. 25. The general doctrine of equity is, that all who are necessary to the relief, or are materially interested in the subject matter, must be joined; Sangosa v. The East India Company, 2 Eq. Ca. Abr. 170; Davone v. Fanning, 4 John. Ch. 199; 2 Mad. Ch. 179. It is true, that the interest of other persons, not parties, is no valid objection where the Court can make a decree, as between those already before it, without affecting the rights of those who are not called in; Mallow v. Hinde, 12 Wh. 193; Ward v. Arredondo, 1 Paine, 410. It is also.true, that if the absent parties in interest are without the jurisdiction of the Court, it will, in some cases, in its discretion, proceed without them; prpvided their rights are separable from those of the defendants, and will not be irrevocably concluded by the decree; West v. Randall, 2 Mason, 190, 196. But if the rights of such absent parties are inseparably connected with those of the parties present, no decree will be made till they are called in; Redesdale's P1. 133, 146; Wiser v. Blackley, 1 Johns. Ch. 437. And this Court has declared that it will not make a final decree upon the merits of a case, unless all the persons, whose interests are essentially affected, are made parties to the suit:, though some of those persons are not within the jurisdiction of'the Court; Russell v. Clark, 7 Cranch, 69, 98. The fact that the absent party in interest is a sovereign state, makes no difterence. The language of the Court in Osborne v. The United States Bank, 9 Wheat. 738, does not apply to a case like the present; but only to that of a public officer who has collected money for the state, which he still holds, and has been notified not to pay over; the constitutionality of the exaction beiing denied. But however that doctrine might apply to the tolls received, if that subject were cognizable in equity by the supreme judicial court of Massachusetts; it cannot apply to the bridge itself,, which is real property, not belonging in equity to these plaintiffs; and is, in no sense, in the hands of the defendants. To retain jurisdiction here, is to sue the state, and virtually to effect a judicial repeal of the constitutional provision on this subject. The Court, by its decree, can only effect so much of the bridge as constitutes the nuisance complained of; and this is, not the existence of the bridge, in its present position, but the use of it as a way. Such a decree these defendents cannot execute; and it therefore can afford the plaintiffs no relief.
2. The ferry, of which the plaintiffs claim to be assignees, extended no farther than the landik.g places, and was subject to the control of

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.)
the state. The policy of Massachusetts, from its first settlement, has been to retain all ferries within its own control; the ferrymen having nothing but a license to take tolls, during the public will. The well known principles and sentiments of the pilgrims, were strongly opposed to every thing in the shape .of monopoly. Hence, as early as 1635, after a ferry had been set up by Browh, between Boston and Charlestown, another ferry, as it is termed, but between the same landing places, was ordered to be set up; to be kept by a person, resident in Boston; clearly showing, that in the estimation of the general court, the existing ferryman had no exclusive rights 'there. In 1641, the limits of all ferries were expressly defined by statute, as extendihg from the place where the ferry was granted, "to any other ferry place, where ferry boats use to land." and in th6 same year, an act was passed, in the nature of a constitutional declaration, that no monopolies should be granted, or allowed in the colony. With this declaration before them, and with such principles in'view, the legislature, in 1650, confirmed the ferry rent to the college; meaning not to repeal the acts of 1641, but to permit the college to receive such tolls, as might be collected at the ferry, subject to any further order of the legislature. On the same principles, successive statutes were passed, in 6 W. & M; 8 W. 3; 4 Geo. 1; 13 Geo. 1; and 33 Geo. 2; regulating this, and other ferries: and authorizing the court of sessions to set up ferries, in any place whatever, at its discretion. If, then, it be true, that the history and situation of a state may be resorted to, in order to expound its legislative intentions, as was said in Preston v. Bowden, I Wheat. 115; and that charters are to be expounded, as the law was understood, when the charters were granted; 2 Inst. 28"2; it was never the intention of the legislature, in permitting this ferry to be set up, to grant any thing more, than the right to run boats from one landing to the other, during its pleasure, and subject to its control. The ferry right was coextensive only with the obligations of the boatmen; who were bound, merely-to convey from one landing to the other. In the exercise of this right of the state, it has granted toll bridges at pleasure, in the place of nearly, or quite, 6very ancient ferry in the commonwealth ; to the utter annihilation of the ferry, and without indemnity to the ferrymen. No claim has ever been set up, except by these plaintiffs; adverse to the public right.
The argument, that the ferry franchise extends so far as to put down all injurious competition, is erroneously applied in this case:

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

465

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren lriuge et al.] as it supposes the opening of a new avenue, by the state, to be a mere private competition. The authorities on this subject, apply only to a private ferry, set up without license. Yard v. Ford, 2 Saund. 172; Ogden v. Gibbons, 4 Johns. Ch. 160; Stark v. M'Gowen, 1 Nott & M'C. 387; Newburg Turnpike Co. v. Miller, 5 Johns. Ch. 101. Blissett v. Hart, Willes, 508.
In the present case, the public not being accommodated, the legislature has merely done its duty in providing for the public convenience, which the plaintiffs had not the legal power to do. Moseley v. Walker, 7 B. & C. 40, 55; Macclesfield-v. Pedley, 4 B. & A. 397.
3. But whatever may-have been the extent 6f the ferry, it never passed to the plaintiffs,.but was taken by the state, for public use; and was thereby extinguished, in the paramount rights of the sovereign power, by which it was resumed. 17 Vin. Abr. 83. Prerog. I. b. 4. Id. 163. Prerog. X. c. 5. The King v. Capper, 5 Price, 217; Atto. Gen. v. Marq. of Downshire, Ib. 269. The documents in the case, negative the idea that the transaction of 1785 amounted to a purchase of the franchise from the college; the object of the tolls being declared to be not only an indemnity to the plaintiffs, but for a revenue to the college. It is no purchase from the college, because the legal evidence, a deed, is wanting. Rex v. North Duffield, 3 M. & S. 247; Peter v. Kendall, 6 B. & C. 703.
4. Neither the grant of the ferry, whatever it was, nor the plaintiffs' charter, contained any thing exclusive of the public right to open a new avenue in the neighborhood of Charles River Bridge; for in a public grant, nothing passes by implication. The right thus, said to be parted with, is one which is essential to the security and well being of society; entrusted to the legislature for purposes of government and general good: and such rights are never presumed to be conveyed or restricted, Nothing passes by a charter, or legislative grant, except well known, and essential corporate powers, where a corporation is created; unless it is contained in express words. Rex v. Abbott of Reading, 39 E. 3. 21; 17 Vin. Abr. 136. Prerog. E. c. 5; 8 H. 4, 2; Ford & Sheldon's case, 12 Co. 2; Chancellor, &c. of, Cambridge v. Walgrave, Hob. 126; Stanhope v. Bp. of Lincoln, Hob. 243; Case of Mines, Plowd. 310, 336, 337;" Case of the Royal Fishery of the Baune, Day, 149, 157: Case of Customs, Day. 45; Atto. Gen. v. Farmen, 2 Lev. 171; Finch's Law, 100; Blankley v. Winstanley, 3 T. R. 379; The King v. Capper, 5 Price, 258; Id. 269; Parmeter v. Gibbs, 10 Price, 456; 457; Stourbrdge
VOL. XI.-3 N

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
Canal v. Wheeley, 2 B. & Adol. 72; Leeds & Liv. Canal v. Hustler, 1 B. & C. 424; Dock Co. v. La Marche, 8 B. & C. 42; The Elsebe, 5 Rob. Adm. 155, 163; The Joseph, 1 Gall, 555; Jackson v. Reeves, 3 Caines, 303, 306; M'Mullen v. Charleston, 1 Bay, 46,47; Zylstra v. Charleston, Id. 382; 2 Cranch, 167; Wilkinson v. Leland, 2 Pet. 657; Lansing v. Smith, 4 Wend. 9. The cases where the king's grant has received a construction like a private grant, are all cases of grants of his private property; and not of things held as sovereign, in right of his crown. Upon thi& ground, the plaintiffs' charter gave them a franchise coextensive with the bridge itself; it authorized them to erect a bridge, and to take tolls of such persons as might pass over it; but nothing more.
5. If a contract to that effect should be implied, it would be void for want of authority in the legislature to make such a surrender of the right of eminent domain. Every act of a public 'functionary is merely an exercise of delegated power, entrusted to him by the people, for a specific purpose. The limits of the power delegated to the legislature, are to be sought, not only in the constitution, but in the nature and ends of the power itself, and in the objects of government and civil society. 6 Cranch, 135; 3 Dall. 387, 388; 1 Bay, 62. And the acts of legislators, are the acts of the people, only while within the powers conferred upon them. 66 Cranch, 133. Among the powers of government, which are essential to the constitution and well being of civil society, are; not only the power of taxation, and of providing for the common defence, but that of providing safe and convenient ways for the public necessity and convenience; and the right of taking'private property for public use. All these are essential attributes of sovereignty, without which no community can well exist; and the same necessity requires, that they should always continue unimpaired. They are entrusted to the legislature, to be exercised, not bartered away; and it is indispensable that each legislature should assemble, with the same measure of sovereign power, that was held by its predecessors. In regard to public property, the power of the legislature to alierfate it, is conceded. The limitation now contended for, extends only to those sovereign powers, which are deemed essential to the constitution of society. In regard to these, any act of the legislature disabling itself from the future exercise of its trust for the public good, must be void; being, in substance, a covenant to desert its paramount duty to the people. Such, it is apprehended, would be a covenant not to erect a fortress on a par-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] ticular tract of land sold; or, not to provide ways for the public travel, however great the necessity, either in a particular place, or for a specified time. It is not necessary that such exclusive contracts be made, in order to induce men to adventure in a new and hazardous undertaking ... the public good; for, upon the positive assurance of remuneration, in some other form, capital and enterprise can always be commanded.
The true distinction between those acts of future legislatures which may, and those which may not be'restrained, is conceived to lie, not in the kind of legislation, whether general or special, but in the nature of the power proposed to be restrained. Thus, a covenant not to erect a fortress on a particular spot, is a covenant in restraint of special legislation; yet it would manifestly be void. And, by a similar enumeration and description of particular places, the right to provide rail roads, bridges and canals, in every part of the state. might be alienated to individuals. The example of land exempted from taxation is not to the purpose; such exemption is presumed to be purchased by the payment of a sum in gross, instead of an annual tax, which all are bound to pay. The owner of the land does not buy up a portion of the sovereign power; he only pays off, at once, a debt which was due by instalments. Other examples are given in the agreement not to charter another bank; and the like. But these contracts do not abridge any powers essential to civil society. The state must be governed and defended; and the people must have facilities for common travel; and to these necessities the power of each legislature must be adequate. But the existence of a bank is not of similar necessity; it stands wholly upon considerations of policy and convenience.
The existence of som limit to the exercise of powers thus delegated in trust, and their inalienable nature, is no new doctrine; but is familiar to public jurists: Domat Pub. Law, book 1, tit. 6, sec. 1, ,par. 12, 14, 16; Puffend. de Jure-Nat. et Gent. lib. 8, cap 5, see. 7; 17 Vin. Abr. Prerog. M. b. pl. 20; Chitty on Prerog. 385; Att. Gen. v. Burridge, 10 Price, 350. The same doctrine has been recognised here, in the case of political corporations: Presb. Church v. City of New York, 5 Cow. 538; Gozler v. Georgetown, 6 Wh. 593: Auburn Academy v. Strong, 1 Hopk. ch. 278.
6. The grant of the charter of Warren Bridge, is no breach of any contract with the plaintiffs, they having originally accepted their charter, subject to the paramount right of eminent domain: and

468

SUPREME COURT.

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] having, also, in 1792, accepted its extension, with a distinct submission and assent to an dxpress assertion, on the part of the state, of a right to make new grants, at its discretion. All property held by individuals, is charged with the juspublicum, which belongs to all men; Hale, de Port. Mar. cap. 6; 10 Price, 460. One branch of this jus 4 ublicum is the right of way, to be designated by the legislature. This is said to be one of the principal things which ought to employ the attention of government to promote the public welfare, and the interests of trade; and that nothing ought to be neglected to render them safe and commodious; Vattel, b. 1, cb. 9, sec. 101, 103; Domat, b. 1, tit 8, sec. 1, 2. The power to do this, is as much inherent and inalienable, as the rights of taxation; which, it is said, resides in the government, and needs not be reserved expressly, in any grant of property or franchises, to individuals or corporations; Providence Bank v. Billings, 4 Pet. 560, 561, 563. Ferries, turnpikes, rail roads, toll bridges and common roads, are equally public ways; differing only in the manner of their creation. Each act of location is an exercise of sovereign power; and the easement thus acquired is paid for by the people; either directly, from the public chest, or indirectly, by tolls. But the laying out of a common road has never been supposed to violate the charter of a neighbouring turnpike, however it may impair its tolls; nor has the establishinent of one kind of public road, whether by charter or otherwise, ever been considered as an injury, in legal contemplation, to another of a different kind. And if not to another of a different kind, why shou ld it be to another of the same kind? If a turnpike may be rendered useless by a rail road, or a common highway, why not by another turnpike? Beekman v. The Saratoga Rail Road Co. 3 Paige, 45; Irvin v. The Turnpike Co. 2 Penn. R. 466; Green v. Biddle, 8 Wh. 88, .s9. This Court has never gone so faqr as to hold the statute of a state void, as violating its implied contract. The cases to this point are all eases of express contract; Vanhorne v. Dorrance, 2 Dall. 320; Fletcher v Peck, 6 Cranch, 87; New Jersey v: Wilson, 7 Cranch, 164; Terrett v. Taylor, 9 Cranch, 43; Dartmouth College v. Woodward, 4 Wh. 518; Green v. Biddle, 8.Wh. 1. On the contraiy, this Court has refused to imply a contract, in a case similar in principle to the present; and has declared, that where there is no exp5ress contract, the remedy of the party was in the wisdom and justice of the legislature; Jackson v. Lamphire, 3 Pet, 289; Prov. Bank v. Billings, 4 Pet. 563; U. States v. Arredondo, 6 Pet. 729.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

469

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] But this point stands not on general reasoning alone. By stAt. 33, Geo. 2, the courts of sessions in Massachusetts were expressly authorized to establish ferries, in all places, at their discretion. This is a clear assertion of the public right to make new avenues, by water, wherever public convenience may require; and the statute was in full force in 1785,,when the plaintiffs' received their charter, and is to be taken into the elements of its exposition. It continued in force, in 1792, when West Boston bridge was chartered; and the same provision was revised and re-enacted in 1797, and continued in force, in 1828, when the charter of Warren Bridge was granted. If, then, it'was lawful to establish one kind of public.avenue by the side of the plaintiffs' bridge; it was equally lawful to establish any and every kihd. If any doubts could arise on this point, it is made clear by reference to the transactions of 1792. The plaintiffs, at that time, remonstrated'against the grant of the charter of West Boston Bridge, on the ground of .their exclusive right; first, as purchasers of the ferry; and, secondly, by their charter of 1785. The whole subject was referred to a committee of the legislature, before whom all parties were fully heard. The great question was, whether the legislature had a right, at its discretion, to make new avenues over Charles river to Boston; and whether the plaintiffs' charter gave them any exclusive privileges. The committee reported strongly
in favour of thue right of the state, and against the existence of any exclusive right in the plaintiffs; but recommended an extension of the term of continuance of the plaintiffs' charter, on grounds of public expediency, as a mere gratuity; and it was done.
This extension of the charter, together with this contemporaneous exposition, the plaintiffs accepted in the same year; and again in 1802, without protest or objection. It is absurd to suppose that the legislature intended to grant exclusive privileges, in the same breath in which their existence was denied. The general principle that the legislative history of the passage of a statute furnishes no rule for its exposition, is admitted. But it applies only to'the'exposition of statutes as such. Private statutes, regarded as contracts, are to be expounded as contracts; in which all the res gesixw, or surrounding circumstances, are to be regarded. The report of the committee, therefore, was a cotemporary document between the same parties, relating to the same subject matter; and in a case between private persons, it would be received; in equity, either to interpret or reform the agreement. If the acts of parties expound their intentions,

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v..Warren Bridge et al.]
much more a solemn transaction like this. Blankley v. Winstanley, 3 T. R. 279; Gape v. Handley, Id. 288, note; Hunter v. Rice, 15 East. 100; Saville v. Robertson, 4 T. R. 720; Cook v. Booth, Cowp. 819, asserts the same doctrine; though its application to express.covenants has been denied. The charter, extended on these principles, and coupled with such declarations, was accepted by the plaintiffs, in 1802, unconditionally, and without objection. On the application for Canal bridge, in 1807, the plaintiffs again opposed the grant, and were again heard; and the state again denied their exclusive right, and asserted its own, to open avenues at its discretion. And the plaintiffs 'ngain, in 1826, in a more solemn manner, accepted-the renewed charter; without any denial of the right asserted by
the state. It is objected that the state, by an act which annihilates the plain-
tiffs' tolls, has virtually resumed its own grant. To this it is replied, that the principle which forbids the resumption of one's own grant, does not apply to the exercise of the eminent domain. Thus, a turnpike road may be appropriated, to make a canal; Rogers v. Bradshaw, 20 Johns. 735. It is further objected, that though the original outlays may have been reimbursed, with interest, from the tolls; yet that the act of 1828, has ruined the property of subsequent innocent stockholders, who have made their investments at a high price. But all such are purchasers with notice. The statute of 33 Geo. 2, was fair notice, beforehand, of the public right to open new avenues, over waters, at discretion. This right, in regard to bridges over Charles river, was expressly asserted in 1792; it was acted upon in the subsequent grant of the Middlesex canal; it was again expressly asserted in 1807, upon the granting of the charter of the 'Canal bridge; and was more recently acted upon in the charter of the Lowell rail road.
I. If the plaintiffs have sustained any damages not anticipated nor provided for, they are merely consequential, for which no remedy lies against these defendants; nor is it a case for the interference of this Court; but it is only'a ground of application to the commonwealth of Massachusetts. That the defendants were mere public agents in the erection of Warren Bridge, was conceded in the argument of this cause, in 6 Pick. 388. And it is equally clear, that the remedy, at common law, for the damages of which the plaintiffs complain, if the act of the defendants were unjustifiable, must have been by an action of the case, and not in trespass. For the gravamen is,

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

471

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] not that their property has been directly invaded; but that an.act has been done in another place, in consequence of which the income of that property is reduced. Their damages, therefore, are strictly consequential. In regard to such damages, the constitution of Massachusetts, art. 10, has already received an authoritative exposition,, in Callender v. Marsh, 1 Pick. 418; deciding that to those damages it does not apply. So in Pennsylvania, Shrunk v. Schuylkill Navigation Company, 14 Serg. and Raw. 71, 83. And in New York, Varick v. New York, 4 Johns. 53. Statutes enabling agents to effect a great and beneficial public object, ought to be benignly and libeially expounded, in favour of those agents. Jerome v. Ross, 7 Johns. Ch. 328. And they, therefore, are held not liable for anyconsequential damages, resulting from acts done under and within the terms of a statute. Spring v. Russell, 7 Greenl. 273; Custis v. Lane, 3 Munf. 579; Lindsay v. Charleston, 1 Bay. 252; Stevens v. Middlesex Canal, 12 Mass. 468; Rogers v. Bradshaw, 20 Johns. 744, 745; Governor, &c. Cast Plate Manuf. v. , Meredith, 4 T. R. 790; Sutton v. Clarke, 1 Marsh. 429; 6 Taunt. 29, S. P; 6 Pick. 406. It is only when agents exceed the powers conferred on them by the act, that they become trespassers. Belknap v. Belknap, 2 Johns. Ch. 463; Shand v. Henderson, 2 Dow's P. C. 519. If the property is taken for public use, the state is bound to make compensation; and trespass does not lie. If it is consequentially impaired in value, by the prosecution of public works, it is darnnum absque injuria,at law; and addresses itself only to the consideration of the-
legislature. If here is no violation of contract, the question whether a state
law violates a state constitution, is not to be raised in this Court. Jackson v. Lamphire, 3 Pet. 289. There are cases, in which it has been gratuitously thrown out that the constitutional right to trial by jury extends to cases of property taken for public uses. Perige v: Wilson, 7 Mass. 393; Callender v. Marsh, I Pick. 418; Vanhorne v. Dorrance, 2 Dall. 304: But each of these cases stood on other grounds; and in neither of them was this the -point necessarily in judgment. In other cases, it has been held, that this constitutional right applies only to issues of fact, in the ordinary course of civil and criminal proceedings: Livingston v. New York, $ Wend. 85; Beekman v. Saratoga and Schenectady Rail Road Company, 3 Paige, 45. No state has gone so far as to hold, that the money must be paid before the title of the owner is divested. On the contrary, in

SUPREME COURT
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] Massachusetts, in the location of roadg, the title of the owner is divested as soonas the return is accepted; though the amount of compensation may be litigated for years. In Kentucky, in certaih cases, a private bond is held sufficient to effect a-similar purpose.- Jackson v. Winn, 4 Littel, 327; and- -in, Pennsylvania it is effected by the mere giving of a right of action; whether against the state, Evans v. "Commonwealth, 2 Serg. & Raw. 441; Commonwealth v. Sheppard, 3 Penn. 509; or against a private corporation, Bertsch v. The Lehigh Coal and Navigation Company, 4Rav.-130. Now the faith of the state, pledged expressly in its constitution, is at least as valuable as any right of action, whether against an individual, or the state itself; and ought to be equally effectu.9 to divest the title of the owner.
The general principle of public law is, that any private property may be taken for public use, or may be destroyed, or private rights sacrificed, whenever the public good requires it. This eminent domain extends over all the acquisitions of the citizen, and even to his contracts 'and rights of action. Grotius de Jure Belli, &c., 1. 2, ch. 14, sect. 7; and 1. 3, c. 19, sect. 7, 14, 15; and. c. 20, sect. 7; Vattel, b. 1, ch. 20, sect. 244; Puffend, de Jure Nat. &c., 1. 8, c. 5, sect. 7; Bynkershceck, Quaest. . -2, c. 15, I 2, 3, 6, 10; 3 Dall. 245.
All these writerg agree that compensation ought to be made; but no one has intimated that the taking is not lawful, unless the compensation is simultaneously and especially made or provided for. On the contrary, they all suppose that the property is first taken, and afterwards paid for, when, and as soon as the public convenience will permit;nund this, without regard to the urgency f the cause for which it was taken; nor, whether in war or peace. It, is obvious, that in a large proportion of the public exigencies, the compensation must pec.essarily be provided for, after the property is taken; Commonwealth v. Fisher, 1: Penn. 465. Our cb'1stitutional provisions on this subject, seem nothing. more-than an e-less..recognition of the right to compensation; and mrre probably inserted in consequence of the arbitrffry impressments of- property, made during the war of the revolutioni-1 Tucker's BI. Com. part 1, app. 305. The passage in 1 V. .Com- 138, 139, amounts only to this; that the legislature obliges the.party to-sell, and. fixes.the price; 4. T. R. 797. But the constitattion applics to property directly t#kenr, and not to cases where its value is- only donsequentially impaired; and so it has been expounded by Massachusetts, in her general road laws, and i4i all her charters

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
for public ways, whether bridges, roads, or canals. The residue of the subject of eminent domain, not having been touched by the constitution, remains among the great principles of public law, having an imperative force on. the honour and conscience of the sovereign; and the objection is not to be tolerated in a court of law, that a sovereign state, in the exercise of this powei', will not do what justice and equity may require; Tippets v. Walker, 4 Mass. 597; Commonwealth v. Andre, 3 Pick. 224; 2 Dall. 44'.
If Massachusetts has taken the property of the plaintiffs for public use, her honour is solemnly pledged in her constitution, to make adequate compensation. If their rights have been sacrificed, for higher public good, the laws of nations equally bind her to restitution. From these obligations she could not seek to escape, without forfeiting her caste,in this great family of nations. Her conduct in this matter, has been uniformly dignified and just. The plaintiffs have never yet met her, except in the attitude of stern and uncompromising defiance. She will listen with great respect, to the opinion and advice of this honourable Court; and if her sovereign rights were to be submitted to arbitration, there is dohlbtess, no tribunal to whose hands she would more readily confide them. If she has violated any contract with the plaintiffs, let them have ample reparation by a decree. But if not, and they are merely sufferers by the ordinary vicissitudes of human affairs, or by the legitimate exercise of her eminent domain, let it be presumed here, that a sovereign sLate is capable of a
lust regard to its own honour, and that it will pursue, towards its own citizens, an enlightened and liberal policy.
Let it not be said that, in the American tribunals, the presumption and intendment of law is, that a state will not redeem its pledges, any further than it is compelled by judicial coercion: that it is incapable of disceriiing its true interests, or of feeling the force of purely equitable considerations: and that its most solenm engagements are worth little more" than the parchment on which they are written. Let such a principle be announced from this place, and it is easy to foresee its demoralizing effects on our own community. But pro. claim it to Europe, and we shall hear its reverberations, in tones louder than the thundering echoes of this capitol; with the bitter taunt, that while the unit monarch of the old wofld, is the dignified representative of national honour; the monarch-multitude of the newis but the very incarnation of perfidy.
VOL. XL-3 0

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
Mr. Davis, also of counsel for the defendants. I approach this case with unaffected diffidence and distrust of my capacity to aid my employers, or enlighten the Court. It has been long pending; has excited great interest; has drawn to its investigation, the intellect and learning of many distinguished men and eminent jurists. The whole ground has been so thoroughly explored, that little is.left, untouched which is worthy' of examination, or can excite curiosity. If others had not exhausted the subject, my worthy and learned associate has brought such untiring industry into the case, that nothing remains to me, but a method of my own, less perfect than his; and a mere revision of the subject under that arrangement. Both parties are corporations. Both created by the state legislature. Both claim rights across a navigable river. Both, therefore, claim something from the eminent domain of the state. The plaintiffs claim to be first in time, and for that reason to override the defendants' title. They assert an exclusive right over the river; which greatly affects the pblic, as well as the defendants. The question to' be decided is, therefore, one of grave moment; because it involves great interests and rights in Massachusetts, and, possibly, principles which may affect the prosperity and convenience of other densely populated communities. The value of property on the part of the plaintiffs has been stated, here, to be, five hundred thousand dollars. Their bridge, costing originally about forty-six thousand dollars, has grown into this importance from the large anndal income, having yielded to the proprietors, as'the plaintiffs state, over twelve hundred thousand dollars; and advanced from one hundred pounds a share, to two thousand dollars. The question in one form is, has the commonwealth so parted with iis sQvereign right over this river, and vested it in the plainfiffs, that they shall contiriue these exactions, and the public be without further accommodation, whatever may be the inconveniences, until their charter expires; and forever after, if the plaintiffs have the riglt to the ferry, as they contend; for upon their view of the case, the ferry will revert to the college,.and the tolls be continued after the charter of the bridge company expires. If the people of the commonwealth have thus parted with their

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

475,

[Ch rles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
sovereign rights to corporators, and are thus tied down, so that new ways cannot be opened for their accommodation; it is maiter of profound regret.
The learned counsel for the plaintiffs', in openihg the case, seemed studious to have it understood by the Court, that the actual parties in interest, are the plaintiffs and the commonwealth; and I have no objection to this view of the case; for the public interest, I agree, far transcends in importance the property involved. The public, therefore, may be said to stand on one side, and the plaintiffs on the other.
On one side then are the rights to private prQperty, sacred and inviolable, as far as they can be established; but claimed in the form of a burdensome tax on-the public, and therefore entitled to no fa-
vour beyond strict right. On the other stands the public, complaining that they are the
tributaries to this great stock of private wealth, and subjected -to inconveniences still more burdensome, from the want of suitable accommodations for intercommunication across- the river, if this bridge is to be shut up; and denying. that such claims of exclusive right can, be justly or lawfully set up by the plaintiffs.
This public, in the argument, has been represented as devoid of natural justice, 'selfish, avaricious, tyrannical.
Some things are certain in this conflict of opinion. We all know that the sole control and power over this navigable water, was once in the public. It was theirs, and 'how far have they been divested of it? If it has gone out of the public, and is in the plaintiffs; they must show to what extent, and show it clearly: for such rights, as I shall prove, do not pass by presumption, but upon some decided expression of public assent. The loss of tolls, which has been earnestly dwelt upon, has no
tendency to prove it. The great increased value of the bridge, has no tendency' to
prove it The severe hardship, which has been a prominent feature of the
argument, does not prove it. All these matters are by no means inconsistent with the right to
establish other ways across the river; and theref6re only prove that the plaintiffs are making less money, not that their rights are in-
vaded.

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
I will then examine their allegations in the bill, and the arguments by which they claim-to establish their conclusions.
1. They set up an exclusive right to the travel, between Boston and Charlestown, come from where it may.
2. They aver that the act of 1828, under which the defendants claim is incompatible with, and repugnant to their vested rights, and doth impair the obligations of contract; and is therefore void by the
constitution of the United States. 3. They aver that the legislature is restrained from revoking or
annulling its own grant, or divesting title, except where it takes property for public use; and then it can only do it under the provisions of the bill of rights of the commonwealth, which requires, that compensation shall be made in such cases: and they further aver, that their property is taken, and no provision for compensation is made, and therefore the act of 1828 is void.
The case has been chiefly argued under the second and third
lheads. The first raises a question under the constitution of the United
'States. That instrument provides in the fifth amended article, that no state shall pass a law impairing the obligation of contracts.
The plaintiffs call the act of 1785, under which they claim, a contract; and argue, that the act of 1828 impairs their grant, and as it is done by legislation of the state, the act of 1828 is void.
The second raises a question under the tenth article of the bill of rights of Massachusetts; a question very proper for the courts of Massacbusetts; but as I shall contend, not brought here by this writ of error: but finally settled there, and beyond the reach of this jurisdiction, as the bill of rights does not, and cannot, constitute any part of the act of 1785, and therefore is no part of the supposed con-
tract. These two issues do not entirely harmonize in another respect.
One denies absolutely the right to take for public use, the property of the plaintiffs, because the state cannot, even in the exercise of its eminent domain, divest this right of property.
The other admits the right to take for public use, by making com-
pensation. I shall examine both, and the arguments urged in support of them. To make out these issues, they contend 1. That they are the grantees of the college, in and to the ferry
between Boston and Charlestowi.

ANUARY TERM, 1837.

477

[Chfrles River Bridge v., Warren Bridge et al.)
2. That the state authorized the erection of tlfeir bridge, by the act of 1785; in which there is an implied covenant not to divert the travel, by new ways."
3. That these two titles vest in them a control over Charles river,
to exclude injurious competition, which right they hold to be irrevocable; but if revocable, then the act which authorizes the interference must provide compensation for all loss occasioned' by the diversion of travel.
In examining these positions, I shall 1. Deny that they-are the grantees of the college, or have any
interest in the ferry. 2. I shall deny that they have any covenant or engagement, ex-
press, or implied, by the act of 1785, authorizing them to claim damages for.a diversion of travel by a new and authorized way; and shall also attempt to prove that no legislative body can perpetually alienate its sovereignty in regard to making ways for the public convenience; so that 'a new way may not at any time, when the public exigency demands it, be laid over any property whatever, whether belonging to individuals, or to corporations created by legislative acts, and whether it be real estate or a franchise, unless the state has agred, in express terms, to exempt such property.
3. I shall rmaintain,'that the power to provide ways for the public, resides, of necessity, always in the commonwealth; is part of the sovereignty: and all property is held subject to the exercise of that right; which is a condition annexed to all title to property, whether derived from thestate, or from individuals.
4. I shall maintain, that taking property in pursuance of this sovereign right, is not, in itself, an act impairing the obligation of 'contracts, but consistent with it; for the property is held subject to this right; and all the party can demand, is compensation under the bill of rights.
5. 1 shall maintain that this Court has no jurisdiction over the question, of compensation for property taken for a way; unless the party can show that he holds it under the state, and the state has expressly agreed not to take it for that purpose, without providing compensation: for in all other cases the party relies on our bill of rights, and this Court is not the tribunal to expound that instrument.
In maintaining these position3, I am constrained to examine most df the grounds assumed in the very elaborate argument of the opening counsel; though I have a conviction which I cannot surrender,

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
that all this labour upon the ferry will le a useless effort, for the plaintiffs can never succeed in establishing any kind of equitable or legal claim -to it. Following, however, the order designated, I will first look to this ferry, and inquire
1. What rights belonged to the ferry? 2. Are these rights vested in the plaintiffs? 3. If they are, do they tend to establish the claim now set up over the waters of the river? This ferry lies in grant, and we must go to the ancient colonial -ordinances to ascertain its extent, and the probable meaning and intent of the colonial government, which i6 to be gathered from them. They are as follows:Orders relating to Charlestown ferry, extracted out of the old book in the council chamber, Ann. 1630. It is further ordered that whosoever shall first give in his name to Mr. Gouvernour, that he will undertake to set up a ferry between Boston and Charlestown, and shall begin the same at such time as Mr. Gouvernor shall appoint, shall have one penny for each person, and one penny for evety hundred weight of goods he shall so transport. Page 65. 1631. Edward Converse bath undertaken to set up a ferry betwixt Boston and Charlestown, for which he is to have two pqnce for ev-ery single person, and one penny apiece, if there be two or more. Page 80. 1633, Mr Richard Brown is allowed 1y the Court to keep a ferry over Charles river against his house, and is to have two pence for every single person he so transports, and one penny apiece if there be two or more. Page 105. 1635. It is ordered, that there shall be a ferry set up on Boston side, by Windmill Hill, to transport men to Charlestewn and Winnesimet, upon the same rates that the ferry men at ChArlestown and Winnesimet transport men to Boston. Page 150. 1637. The ferry between Boston and Charlestown is referred to the Governor and Treasurer, to let, at forty pounds per annum, beginning the first of the tenth month, and from thence for three years. Page 204. 1638. Edward Converse appearing, was admonished to be more careful of the ferry, and enjoined to man two boats, one to be on the one side, and the other on the other' side, except the wind were so high that they were forced to put four men to man one boat, and

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[ChavAes River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
then one boat to serve, only he is enjoined to pay Mr. Rawson's fine, and so is discharged. Page 223.
1640. Mr. Treasurer, Mr. Samuel Shepherd and Lieut. Sprague, have power to let the ferry between Boston and Charlestown, to whom they see cause, when the time of Edward Converse is expired, at their discretion. Page 2Mf.
1640. The ferry between Boston and Charlestown is granted to
the college. Page 288. Such are the principal acts or ordinances of the court of assistants,
and the general court, in regard to this ferry; and I shall ask the Court to gather the intent of these public functionaries from this record, and the cotemporaneous history.
In 1630, the colony, under the distinguished, and I may say, illustrious John Winthrop, governor, came over; and not being satisfied with Salem, where their predecessors had located, they tame up to the head of the bay, or to what is now the harbour of Boston. Here they found the peninsula of Charlestown, formed by Charles river on the west, and south-west, and Mystic river on the north-east, projecting into the harbour from the north-west to the south-east; and the peninsula of Boston projecting towards it from the southwest to the north-east, and formed by Charles river on the niorth and west; which spreadi above the point into a large basin, discharging itself between"these peninsulas and the bay or harbour of Boston, on the other side. Winthrop, with his friends, occupied these two peninsulas; and in Boston, was established under him, the colonial government of the company, which, in truth, was only a company of adventurers in trade and speculation, so far as the charter went. Out of this humble beginning has sprung the commonwealth, and, I might almost say, this federal government itself.
Thus situated, intercommunication between these two places was indispensable; and hence it is, that while the smokes of pnly a few log cabins ascended from the spot where a great city and a large town have since risen up, the subject of a ferry came thus early under consideration. And in giving construction to these simple ordinances, it is a fair inquiry, whether the colonists were providing for present emergencies, means suitably adapted to that end; or were, as the plaintiffs contend, making a perpetual exclusive grant of the right of travel over Charles river, for all time to come.
The first act, in 1630, makes no grant to any one, but proposes to
have a ferry "set up."

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] In 1631, a fery was set up by Edward Converse, and the toll established.' In 1633, Richard Brown is allowed to keep a ferry over Charles river, dgqinst his house, &c. Here is the first evidence of a specific location, "over the river against his house;" that is, what they call a ferry, was over-or across the river, from bank to bank, opposite to Brown's house; a way merely. In 1635, a ferry was set up from Windmill Hill, int Boston, to Chelsea; and another from Boston to Charlestown, to fun on the same line or-way as the one already set up, only it was to belong to Boston, instead of Charlestown. Thus, one ferry was granted upon another; 'if these ordinances are to be treated as perpetual grants, and if the word ferry carries a franchise, then one frinchise upon anothur. They show rather what is intended by the words-set tip, and that they simply authorized the running of a boat from place to place. In the first act, any person giving in his name, was to set up -a ferry; Converse did set it up. The thing set up, then, was not by public act, but by individual act. This shows the limited sense in which the w6rd ferry is used. After the location, in 1833, it is called the ferry. In 1637, the ferry is referred to the governor and treasurer to let. Mr. Savage testifies that he had seen the original, or what he believed to be such, of a memorandum of agreement, or lease, in this year, signed by Converse, which begins thus: "The governour and trea-surer, by order of the general court, did demise to Edv;ard Converse, the fekry.between Boston and Charlestown, to have the sole transporting of passengers and cattle from one side to the other, for three years," &c. Now the demise is of "the ferry between Boston and Charlestown," but he is to have the sole transporting, &c. The term .ierry,as then understood, (for this instrument is in the handwriting of the gqvernor,) did not carry any sole or exclusive right to travel and transportation; but it was necessary to insert othe&r strong and express terms, tq convey that right. This is another proof that the word had not the enlarged signification now given to it. . tn 1640, -the-treasurer, Mr.. Sprague and Mr. Shepherd, were authorized to let the ferry. Thus far there had been but two kinds ,of action on the part of the colony. First, to establish a ferry, and second, to lease and regulate it. There were plainly no privileges or exclusive rights appended to it, but they speak of it as a thing to be set up by another; and when leased, they gave tor a limited

I JANUARY TERM, 1837.

481

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] period, certainwell defined privileges to- go with it; but those privileges were not embraced in what was called th&'erry,_ but stood separate and distinct from it, and were at an end with the lease.
In the same year, 1640, the record says, " The ferry between Boston and Charlestown is granted to the college."
This is the charter, the whole title of the college. What by fair construction is granted? The ferry-nothing more-the thing set up. No privileges such as are specifically enumerated in the lease of Converse-no line of trav l, such as is now claimed-no covenant not to divert travel, or not to establish other ways, or not to impair the income. There is nothing which looks at such privileges. It is a ferry-a naked ferry. What is a ferry? All the books, Tomlin, Dane, Woolrych, Petersdorf, &c. define it to be a.highway, and the word, ex vi termini, means no more. The term ferry, therefore, in and of itself, implies no special privileges, such as are often connected with a ferry by special grant or prescription. The colonists so understood it; and in making a charitable gratuity to the college, had no purpose of placing the control of the ferry, or the waters of the river beyond their reach. The income, they doubtless meant, should go to the college; but they actually retained the possession and management till 1650, and always determined the rate of tolls, and how the public should be accommodated.
The doctrine of ferries, as found in the English books, and applied to this case, is full of confusion and uncertainty; so much so, that the plaintiffs have, under it, varied and'remodelled their claims of right; reducing them from the whole river, to the travel between Boston and Charlcstown: and before I have done, I shall ask them again, what is the extent of their claim, and where the authority which defines that extent. Let us look at the cases, and see how the doctrine stands. 1 1. The old class of cases, in which is found the doctrine that "you cannot impair my franchise, o- my ferry," and "1Imay exclude all injurious competition;" and which has been many times repeated in the argument, with great apparent approbation; asserts rights which I will show cannot be maintained in England, or any where, at this day. The monopoly is too bold for even a government of privileges. There was, therefore, a necessity for narrowing down a doctrine so repugnant to all improvement, and so inconvenient to all who had occasion to travel. The piinciple was, if one owning an old ferry, could show that a new ferry, or way, however
VOL. XI.-3 P

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et aL]
remotely,.diverted travel, or caused a diminution of tolls, an action would lie, and the new ferry, or way, was held a nuisane.
This gave rise to the doctrine set up in Yard v. Ford, 2 Saund..
Blissett v. Hart, Willes R., and in the case of Sir Olive- Butler, 3 Lev. Here the distinction was taken, and appears since to have been adhdred to, that one setting up a ferry, without license from the king, would be liable for any injury happening to an old ferry therebyi whereas, if he had first obtained a license, he would not have been liable. Those who acted under a license, were placed on a different footing from those who acted without, although the license was procured without paying any compensation to the old ferry. A careful analysis of these cases will produce this result. The conclusion then is, that under a license, granted after an ad quod damnum, a ferry maybe continued, though injurious, so far as to entitle the owner of an old ferry to damage, if no license had been granted. The cases of Blissett v. Hart, and Sir 0. Butler, fully maintain this conclusion. The ad quod damnum, which gives of course no damage, has been manifestly used to evade the rigorous old rule, and to narrow down the franchises of ferries, markets, &c. under a return upon such writs, that new ferries, or new markets may be. granted, because the public need them, and the old ones will not be-greatly injured thereby. The reporter in Butler's case, alleges, that the new market was granted because the public convenience demanded it. It is, I agree, absurd to return no damage, when there is damage.
But ifthis be not so, why is a license a protection; for if a ferry is Where it does noinjury, then it needs no protection. The idea of protection, therefore, necessarily implies that without the license, the party would be liable, because he does injury. The process of ad quod damnum and license, is therefore used as a shield against the liability' and to cut down this kind of franchise.
Next came the doctrine in Tripp v. Frank, 4 T. R., which struck more effectually at the doctrine of the old ferry franchises, and brought them into comparatively circumscribed limits.
The plaintiff, claiming Ai.'the travel from Kingston toBarton, on the Humber, sued" the Wtadant for transporting persons from Kingston to Barrow,. some distance below Barton, on the same side of the river. The travel from Kingston to. Barrow, had usually passed through Barton, and therefore went by the plaintiff's ferry. He prescribed and established his right to all the travel between Kingston and Barton; and maintained, that under the old authorities,

JANUARY TERM, 1835.
wCharlersiverBridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
which forbid the right to. set up injurious competition, or to impair the ferry of another, he was entitled to damage; for if the defendant had not trxnspprted, passengers directly t9 Barrow, they would have passed over to Barton in the platintiff's. boats, and therefore he lost his toll. His lino of travel, as it is here eblled, was broken,onantdhea part of it diverted. But the curt noinsuited the .laintiff, ground that he had only an exclusive right betwedn Kingston and Barton. They disregarded the circumstance that. his- accustomed travel was lessened, and his tolls diminished. This, therefore, was an unequivocal inroad upon the doctrine, thit one shalf not set up injurious competition against another, or impair his ferry; for it iA undeniable, that the toll was diminished, and the value of the ferry lessened. The franchise which formerly reached all injurious competition, was here limited to an exclusive right between the two towns where the landing places were. This was a most material modification of the old doctrine; and was so considered in a late case in the court of exchequer by baron Parke.
The next case of importance,,.for I pass over many where the learning of the courts has been put in requisition, is a late case in the court of exchequer, reported in an English periodical, called the Law Journal; and introduced to the notice of the court by the plaintiff's counsel. Here again the learned barons took time to advise and consider what the law relating to ferries was. After a fresh research it is declared, that the franchise consists in an exclusive right between place and place, town and town, vile and ville; and the competition must be brought to bear on these points, or it is lawful. Hence the defendant was justified in landing a person at Hobbs' Point, a place intermediate between Nayland and Pembroke, though near the latter place, and the passenger was going to Pembroke. This was no infringement of plaintiff's ferry between Nayland and Pembroke. This is the-case, as I remember it from a hasty
perusal. What are we to gather from it? Would a ferry from London to
Southwark across the Thasnes, be from place to place, town to town, or ville to ville, so that the vast population on each bank could have no other accommodation? What connexion have the arbitrary lines of towns, or cities, or parishes, with the public travel, or the public accommodation?- From one county to another, in most of the United States, is from place to place; for there are the smallest political organized communities in many states. Two counties may stretch up

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et ii.] "
and down- a river upon opposite banks many miles; and is any ferry to have an exclusive franchise the whole of the distance, because the two places stretch so far? This, and all the authorities cited, are only so many proofs of a constant struggle on the part of the courts to ascertain what the franchise of a ferry is in law; and to bring it down to more limited dimensions than the old cases assigned to it.
Am I not justified then in declaring, that the doctrine is manifestly confused and vacillating; and that the courts, without much seeming ceremony,-have modified the law to suit the temper of the times, and to appease the just complaints of the public.
But if the law is to undergo 'iange, I prefer it should be in our own courts, and adapted to our condition. Let-it be done here, instead of in king's bench, or the exchequer.
This, however, is not the course to pursue, for it furnishes no safe and sound principle to rest upon.
It seems to me, if we analyze prescription, on which all these English rights rest; for all the cases of ferries will be found to lie in prescription; we shall find a ground of interpretation of right which will be satisfactory, and show that these cases have'no tendency to establish the doctrine contended for by the plaintiffs.
They cite them to prove that a ferry has, as appurtenant to it, a
franchise which excludes injurious competition from the waters above and below it. I have already shown, that the term ferry has no such extended signification; and I will now show that'these cases ,do not conflict with that position, and that they furnish nothing to aid this notidn of constructive and implied rights; but every ferry is limited strictly to what is granted without the aid of implication.
Prescription and grants iq writing, differ only in the mode of proof. The writing proves its own contents, and the extent of the grant is gathered from the terms employed to express the meaning.
Prescription is allowed to take the place of a writing supposed to be lost. Equity permits the party to produce evidence to prove what he has claimed, what he"has enjoyed, and hpw long; and if the period of enjoyment be sufficient, the law presumes tnat he had a writing which has been lost, that would by its" contents, prove a grant coextensive with the proof. In the case of Tripp v. Frank; for example, the plaintiff proved that he had an exclusive right to transport all travellers passing between Kingston and Barton. The law therefore presumed, that if his written title could have been pro-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
1duced in court, it would, in so many words, have given him such an exclusive right.
Cases of prescription, therefore, afford no countenance to implied or comtructive rights; but stand on precisely-the 'iarhe footing as titles which lie in writing. Usage can never enlarge or diminish title, for one is not obliged to exercise all his rights to preserve them; nor does usurpation in theory enlarge right. The usage only goes to show wht the law supposes to have been written.
Before, then, the plaintiffs 6an use these cases of prescription to establish implied franchises, they must show that the lost title is not to be held to be cbmmensurate with the proof: but something is implied beyond what is supposed to be written. This they will find it difficult to accomplish.
It follows from this, if I am correct in the reasoning acopted, that ferries, eo nomine, have no particular privileges belonging to them. They are what authors define them to be, water highways; and eaoh fratichise is more or less extensive, according to the. terms of the grant creating it. It may be very limited or very broad.
The confusion in the English cases, does not arise from any uncertainty in this principle; but from the uncertainty of proof, where the right lies in prescription.
With these explanations, which, I fear, have been unnecessarily minute, I come to the inquiry: what was granted to the college? And I answer, the ferry; the same thing set up in 1681, by Converse; the way over th river, against the house of Brown, established in 16$3; a road from bank to bank; for this is all a ferry over the river means. It was an aecommodation adapted to a few inhabitants in the Wilderness.
If the franchise was broader, where does it extend to? The terms of the grant indicate no privileges up or down stream. Will the plaintiffs tell us where their bounds are? Do they know? Is there any rule of implication which assigns them any privileges which t ey can define? If there is, then, I call on them to put down the boundaries; to show the Court the limits. It is not enough to show that the terms of the grant, if literally and strictly construed, may,. under possible circumstances, render their property of little or no value. This only proves they may have made a bad contract, but has no tendency to establish in them undefined and unmeasured
righs.

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] Let it be remembered that the plaintiffs in 1792 remonstrated against the grant of West Boston bridge, alleging that it would divert half their tolls; and the openifig counsel said they got compensation for the erection of this bridge, which was from Cambridge Port to Boston. Again, they remonstrated against Canal bridge, alleging it interfered with their franchise, and this run from Lechmere's Point to Boston. Now they say their franchise does not reach either of these bridges, but is limited to Boston and Charlestown; and the case of Huzzy v. Field is quoted to sustain it.. This is certainly proof, very conclusive, that the law has been so uncertain that the plaintiffs have not been able to show the extent of their own rights, as they understand them, or to make uniform claims. Understanding the old cases as I have represented them, they asserted the right to arrest all injurious competition; and as the English courts have cut down the privilege of franchise, from time to time, so their claims have diminished till they lie between Boston and Charlestown alone. But it is said the franchise must be reasonable; and what is reasonable? They deemed it reasonable to assert an exclusive privilege, and to deny the right to open any new ways over the tide water of Charles river which might divert any travel which would otherwise reach them. Opposition to all new bridges has been deemed reasonable. But why is any enlargement of the grant reasonable? What you give to the ferry you take from the public; and the public cannot spare it without inconvenience. In a word, is it reasonable, or right, to traverse the regions of conjecture in this matter? To make laws which shall assign boundaries to this franchise, when the plain'tiffs can show no manner of title to what they setup? They urge that Warren Bridge is a clear interference, because it takes away their tolls. So is West Boston and Canal bridges, for the same reason; for the travel would go over the plaintiffs' bridge if these competitors were away. ,The proof is no more decisive-in the Warren, than in the other bridges. The diversion of travel is not evidence of wrong. The English cases, cited, clearly show that; see Tripp v. Frank. The wrong, if any, consists in invading the p pintiffs' grant. And I again ask them, if they affirm, as they do, thatwe are on it, to point out its bounds. Show us some certain eyidence that we are trespassers. You once contended that West

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
Boston bridge would be a nuisance, because it wguld, as it did, take half your travel. You urged the same argument against Canal bridge, which had the same effect; but you now admit them both to be lawful, because they are not on your franchise. This admission not only proves that you are uninformed as to the rights you claim, but that a great portion of your accustomed travel may be lawfully diverted. I therefore again repeat, that the diversion of travel is, of itself, no evidence of a trespass onk your 'rights. You must, therefore, produce some other proof that your franchise reaches our bridge, than the loss of tolls.
You do not Show it by the terms of the grant, nor by any established rule of construction, which authorizes such an implied right. It is not the business of courts tomake or alter contracts, but to interpret them. Is there any thing in the words, "the ferry between Boston and Charlestown is granted to the college,'" which looks like granting an exclusive control over Charles river, or any part or portion of it, except the way or line of that ferry?
I shall hereafter adduce conclusive proof to show, that in England, contracts of this character are rigidly construed in favour of the public, and against corporators. No countenance is given to iihplication, beyond what is made manifest by the clearest and most ex-' plicit terms. Stourbridge Canal Co. v. Whaley. 2,Barn. and Adol. 792.
The franchise of the ferry, then, which has been interposed against all improvements across Charles river, when brought to the scrutiny of law, will be found to be a very limited right, confined to the path of the boats across the river.
This reasoning is strongly corroborated by the condition of the colony at the time of the establishment of the ferry, as I have already suggested.
As a further proof of public sentiment, the colonists, in 1641, al-, most simultaneously with the grant to the college, and before it took effect, (for the college was not incorporated till 1650,) passed. an act prohibitill 11 monopolies, except for inventions.
The great and wise policy of Massachusetts, in respect to free highways, was established in 1639; and with modifications, has been continued to this time; Ann. Ch. 126, 267; L. of M. 178, ch. 67. Under these acts, a power to construct free ways has at all times been ex-rcised so largely, that Massachusetts owes to it the best roads tl at can be found in any state in the Union; and they hav, at all times,

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] been established, regardless of turnpikes, bridges, canals, railways, or any other improvements. The consequence has been, as is well known, that many of the turnpikes have been abandoned to the public.
Such has been the action of public sentiment, and such its results; and this is the first instance in which the right to establish new ways has been questioned.
All these considerations lead to one conclusion, which is, that neither the language of the grant, nor the great current of public opinion, give any countenance to the claims set up by the plaintiffs, founded on this ferry, for an exclusive franchise extending up and down the river.
The late lamented and distinguished chief justice of Massachusetts, in his opinion, in the 7th Pick., in this case, expresses his convictions strongly on this point; that the ordinance did not give an exclusive right between the two towns to the ferry, and in constru ing it, that the cotemporaneous history- ought to be considered, as it tends to explain the probable intent of the colony.
If then, the Court confine themselves to the language and the existing circumstances, both of the country and the college, at the times of adopting the several ordinances; they will probably arrive at the following conclusions, as distinctly indicated in the case. The colonists meant to establish a ferry, suited to the then emergencies of the country; but not to establish a broad franchise. They needed a public seminary for the education of youth, and found, by the income of this ferry, they could aid this object. They therefore meant to secure the revenue of the ferry as a gratuity to the college, but nothing more. And while they did this, they intended to retain in themselves the unqualified right to control, manage, regulate, and govern the ferry at pleasure. To make the income much or little; and to make just such provision for the public travel as they might deem expedient. This is the conclusion which is.forced upon the mind, by reading the numerous acts upon the subject. The college was then esteemed the child of the government; and that government manifestly considered itself standing in that relation with the power. to exercise parental authority. Now, what effect the Court will give to this state of things, in law, remains to be seen; but there is little difficulty in understanding the actual relation of the-parties.
One thing I apprehend, however, is clear; namely, that neither the ordinances, or the history, afford any evidence of an intent to create -

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

489

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] such a franchise as is now claimed. If, therefore, the plaintiffs have this ferry right, it-cannot aid their present claims.
They krasp at too much; all the river: or if not, they can assign no limits, either by the law or the facts. The public is not to be deprived of its sovereignty over a navigable river, upon such indefinite, uncertain pretensions.
But suppose we are erroneous in all this reasoning, in regard to the franchise of ferries; then I propose another objection for the solution of the plaintiffs.
The doctrine applicable to ferries, belongs tb ferries alone among highways. It is feudal in its origin, and has never been applied to turnpikes, bridges, canals, railways, or any other class of public ways.
I have attentively observed the progress of this case, and the learning and laborious research of the plaintiffs brought to its aid. No books, ancient or modern, seem to be left unexplored. Even foreign periodicals, fresh from the press, are on the table; and yet they have shown the Court no case where this dbctrine which they
set up, has been applied to any class of ways, except to ferries. The Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company.v. The Baltimore and
Ohio Rail Road Company, in Gill and Johnson, has been quoted; but surely not for the purpose of showing an exclusive franchise, for these works are allowed to run side by side, actually infringing upon each other, though direct competitors.
England is covered with canals, railways, bridges, &c.; but not a case has been adduced applying this doctrine to them; and the honour of extending a feudal right to such works is saved for the courts here, if it is to be maintained at all. These feudal rights are well known to have originated in the very spirit of cupidity; which aggregated to itself all privileges which increased the mass of wealth in the feudal lords, at the expense o'f the public. These rights grew up to be law from the force of circumstances; but it is hardly worth while at this day to enlarge such provisions, or to push ourselves ahead of Great Britain, in giving sanction to them. Under this notion of special privileges, the- same doctrine extended to mills, markets, &c. Whoever had a market or a mill might keep down injurious competition.  We have clearly thrown the law as to markets and mills overboard; for no such privileges exist in Massachusetts: and the doctrine. of contructivefranchisesin ferries ought to follow,
VOL. XL-S Q

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
It is emphatically the doctrine of privilege against public right: I speak of those vague, indefinite appendants and appurtenants which are said to belong to ferries by construction and implication; not of what is granted in terms, or by necessary and irresistible implication. This doctrine ought not to be received, unless it is the imperative law of the land, and can be shown to be so beyond all doubt; and this the plaintiffs have failed to establish.
I come now to a very important inquiry in regard to this ferry. Are the plaintiffs the owners of the right, be it what it may? If they are not; it is a question of no importance, whether thb franchise is broad or narrow. The facts here, will, if I do not mistake their character, relieve the Court from all embarrassment.
I agree with the plaintiffs' counsel, that the commonwealth has the power and the right to take any property for public use; and therefore also agree with them that she had a right to take the ferry for the site of a bridge. How could the plaintiffs controvert this proposition, when their bridge is on the ferry ways, and 'the ferry path under it? But it by no means follows, if the commonwealth had the right to take for the public use a franchise, that she has granted it to the plaintiffs. This must depend on proof. Let us see what the franchise is claimed to be, and whit has been done with it.
It is asserted by the plaintiffs, that the franchise was an exclusive right to transport persons, &c. between Boston and Charlestown. This is an interest issuing from the realty. It is a possessory right, so far as the right to exclude transportation across the river goes; though I am aware that it is incorporeal. It seems to me, therefore, by the laws of Massachusetts that it could only be transferred by deed; Am. Ch. 18, Laws, 1783, ch. 37. Courts of equity have no power to construe away these provisions. But the plaintiffs have no deed.
Again, they have no vote or act of the college corporation, or any of its officers implying any purpose, or thought of conveying this interest.
Again, the plaintiffs produce no vote, or act of their own, evincing any desire on their part to. become the owners of the ferry. The petition for their charter is among the papers, and it does not even name the college; but passing over its 'head, as not worth regarding, it asks for the right to build a bridge "i. theplace where theferry is now kelpt." There is nothing in the case to show, that the

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v Warren Bridge et al.]
thought of owning the ferry, ever entered the minds of the petitioners. They had no difficulty in demanding a grant of the ferry-ways themselves, for the site of a bridge, without proposing any compensation for it. Those great and sacred private rights, which now figure so largely in this case, qeem to have been no serious obstacle to the introduction of a more convenient way; but a change of interest, has, probably, wrought achange of opinion.
There is then no evidence of any purpose on the part of the college to sell, or of the plaintiffs to buy; and if the property has been transferred, it has been done without the act, or the assent of either party. This would seem difficult, if not impossible; still it is strenuously insisted upon, because the act of 1785 requires the plaintiffs to pay out of their tolls two hundred pounds a year to the college.
This, it is said, is a good consideration, and draws after it, in equity, the title to the ferry franchise. The conclusion is not apparent from the premises. If being required to pay two hundred pounds a year, makes them the owners of the ferry; then why is not the corporation of West Boston bridge an owner, for they are required td pay four hundred pounds a year to the" college? Canal bridge would also come in for a share, as' they too, if my memory serves me, were required to pay something. The plaintiffs would probably"object to these copartneis. But is there any foundation for this pretended consideration? Who has paid it? Let the facts answer. The legislature granted a toll for passing th&bridge, so liberal, not to say extravagant, that for an outlay of forty-six thousand dollars, the plaintiffs have received a return of over one million two hundred thousand dollars, as they admit; and their shares, which cost one hundred pounds, have been sold for two thousand dollars. The two hundred pounds a year have, therefore, been paid by a tax upon the public travel, collected by the plaintiffs under the authority of the legislature. The tolls appear to have been set very high, to cover this expense, and to give the plaintiffs an early ifldemnity; as the public might have occasion to make new ways, and diminish the amount of travel. This contingency was doubtless in view when the, rates were bstablished. There can, therefore, be no reasonable ground for saying the plaintiffs have ever paid a cent of compensation. It would be extraordinary, if they, without any conveyance, or any purpose to convey, and without any consideration, could set up a title to a valuable property.
But they suggest further, that the state has conveyed the ferry

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] franchise to them. The act of 1785 will be searched in vain for the intimation of any such purpose.
Moreover, the state has no power to take the property of one, and convey it to another. They may condemn so much as is necessary for public use, but nothing more. To test this matter, suppose the bridge were taken away, can the plaintiffs set up a ferry? I think no one can hesitate what answer to give. They are authorized to maintain a'bridge, and no other kind of way.
The conclusion of the matter is, that the legislature authorized the plaintiffs to set up a bridge upon the ferry-ways, and took upon themselves to quiet the college, which neither .ssented or dissented, but xelied on the commonwealth, which had always been its great patron and protector, that eventual injusfice should not be done to it.
The learned judges, three to one, reached, substantially, this result in Massachusetts. It is therefore plain, that the plaintiffs are not grantees of the ferry, and have not, and ndver had any interest therein. The ferry franchise, therefore, whatever it may be, is of no importance to the decision of this case, as the plaintiffs can claim nothing under it. The plaintiffs having failed to show any contract in regard to the ferry, and the legislature having passed no law touhing the ferry; for the act of 1828 does not.name or allude to it; nothing has been done by the.state t6 impair the obligation of a contract, or to violate the constitution of the United States. The discussion, however, may not be wholly useless, as some principles have been examined, that are applicable to other parts of the case.
I shall now proceed to examine the act of 1785, under which the plaintiffs acquire the right to build the bridge, and all other rights which they have. This act is so barren in those provisions which are necessary for a feudal franchise, that a great effort has been made to build up a claim upon the vague doctrine of ferry rights. Nothing 'is more reluctantly surrendered than inordinate profits.
The provisions of this act are, substantially, as follow: Sec. 1, creates a corporation. See. 2, provides for its organization. See. 3, gives a toll for forty years. See. 4, relates to the dimensions, &c. of the bridge. See. 5,-gives X200 a year to the college. These are all the provisions. They had a right granted for -what they asked,'namely, to erect a bridge in the place where the ferry was then kept, and to take toll

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
of such as passed over. This is all the franchise providl, for in the act. There is not a word about any other rights and exclusive privileges. Nothing restraining the power to make new bridges. No covenant, that there shall be no diminution of travel, or diversion of it. No line of travel guarantied-Nothing said of the travel between the two towns. Not a word about making compensation, if any of their property should be taken for public use. You will look in vain for any such provisions; and if the plaintiffs have any such Tights growing out of this act, they must be implied, for they- are not secured by express stipulations. Hlere the question recurs, what is the rule of construction applicable to such acts? I shall ask attention to but one authority: the case of Stourbridge Canal C. v. Wheeley, 2 Barn. & Adol. 792, to which I have referred. Lord Tenterden says: Such an act, that is an act of parliament incorporating the plainiiffs to make a canal, is a bargain between the public and the adventurers, the terms of which are contained in the act, He affirms, that the rule, of construing such acts is well established to be in favour of the public, and against the adventurers; which is exa'ctly opposed to the rule so elaborately laid down by the learned counsel in this case. His lordship distinctly and emphatically declares, that whatever is doubtful, or ambiguous, or whatever is capable of two constructions, must be construed favourably for the public, and against the adventurers. This case seems to run on all fours with the one under consideration, in many of its features-both sets of plaintiffs are corporators, created by acts of legislation; both own ways, and each claims a franchise. The general characteristics are therefore alike; and clearly the rules of law applicable to both, as regards the construction of the charters; ought to be alike; and if so, the plaintiffs can take nothing but what is clearly and distinctly granted to them, either in Words, or by plain and necessary inferencd. The question then arises, is it a necessary and irresistible inference, from the terms of this act; a thing so plain as to admit of no dotibt; that the legislature did intend' to grant to the plaintiffs a roving franchise, to which they can assign no limits: which, in 1792, was above West Boston bridge, but is now limited to Boston and Charlestown? If the plaintiffs cannot give body and shape to the thing to be inferred, if they cannot assign to it limits; in a word, if they cannot tell what it is; how can it be said to be either a plain or a necessary inference? It can neither be the one or the other; and the very doubt thrown over it, forbids the making of the inference, according to the principles so clearly asserted

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.)
'by loid Tenterden., Implication cannot go beyond what is certain, and irresistibly necessary; especially where an act is capable of an obvious construction, consistent with its general pur ose, without such implication. This act is of that character. The legislature granted the right to construct and maintain a bridge, and to take tolls for forty yea's-but this right of taking toll does not go beyond the privilege of demanding it of such persons as voluntarily pass over. This is all that is guarantied, and these rights have not been touched. Whether, another bridge should be erected, so near as to divert the travel, is a matter which they did not bind themselves not to do, but retained in themselves the right to exercise their discretion, as they pleased; in case, in their judgment, the public needed new accommodations. They asserted the right, and diverted nearly half the travel, when West Boston bridge was set up-again, when Canal bridge was set up-again, when Prison Point bridge was set up-and lastly, when Warren Bridge was erected.
The commonwealth has, nevertheless, exercised this power sparingly; and only when pressed by strong emergencies. - The plaintiffs asked, in their petition, to be indemnified for their expenses, and they have been suffered to go .on until they have been remunerated in a most princely manner. The commonwealth having, at all times, the right to set up interfering bridges, has foreborne to do it, in a most becoming spirit of liberality, and little merits the denunciations now loaded upon her. Such seems to me to be the plain import, and the obvious meaning of the act, and no forced construction or implication is necessary to ascertain the rights of the parties., The plaintiffs seem to suppose a diversion of travel is an invasion of their property. This is a mistake. They have no property in travel, for nobody is obliged to travel over their bridge; and they now admit that bridges may be erected any where, except between Boston and Charlestown, however much travel they may divert.
They affirm that a grant of toll for forty years means nothing, unless it be absolute and unconditional, securing the travel. Might it not be granted on the express condition that other bridges should be erected, if deemed expedient? Not granting away a power, is equivalent to retaining it; and the legislature never surrendered the right to build new bridges. The plaintiffs have, therefore, enjoyed their privileges, subject to this right. Their tolls have been diminished; but neither by wrong, or any violation of their rights under the act;

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] nor has any injustice been done to the corporation, as I purpose to prove, before I leave this point.
But they again claim a reasonable construction. Why is not this construction reasonable? The' plaintiffs make less money; but are they not indemnified? Would it be more reasonable to permit them to exact an endless tribute, and to subject the public to other great inconveniences and delays in their business? What were the large tolls granted for, unless to give a speedy indemnity, that the public might have new accommodations when needed? What would be the plaintiffs' judgment of what is reasonable? They told you, in 1792, it was an unqualified contrbl over all the important portion of the river. You must not, they said, impairour bridge. Any construction would be deemed unreasonable, which should diminish the toll.
Again, it is said there are stockholders who are great sufferers, having bought in at two thousand dollars a share. I will not deny this, for I am uninformed as to the holders of stock; but I will prove that this consideration is entitled to little weight, even in equity: for I will show that the ,commonwealth gave the most unequivocal notice, to all persons, of her construction of the act of 1785; and when' she renewed it in 1792, she placed upon record a solemn and public legislative declaration, that she acknowledged no such rights vested by that act, as are claimed here.
In 1792, Oliver Wendall, and others, petitioned for leave to erect what is called West Boston bridge, about a mile above the plaintiffs' bridge. The plaintiffs sent in their remonstrance, objecting, that it would impair their property, by reducing their tolls one-half,
The petition and remonstrance were committed to a joint committee of both houses, who heard evidence and counsel in behalf of the parties; and after a most full investigation, they reported in favour of the new bridge.
This report was so amended by the two houses, as eventually to contain all the provisions of the act of 1792; and in this form it was aocepted by both houses. In this report, thus adopted as the basis of this law, is contained this declaration:--" There is n. ground to maintain that the act incorporating the proprietors for the purpose of building a bridge from, Charlestown tc Boston, is an exclusive grant of the right to build over the waters of that river; but consi-, dering the erection of Charles River Bridge was a work of magnitude and hazard,and that great benefits have arisen to the public

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v..Warren Bridge et al.]
from the success of that enterprise," &c.; "it is reasonable and proper that a further time of thirty years be granted to said proprietors, to receive and collect, for their benefit, the toll now established by law for passing said bridge," &c.
The legislature being apprized of the broad claim set up on the trial before the committee, took this occasion to say, in connexion with the extended grant of tolls, that the plaintiffs had no such rights; 'and that in giving the extension, they meant to give countenance to no such thing, but simply to reward, most liberally, a commendable spirit of enterprise.
When the charter of the defendants was granted in 1828, the forty years had expired; and the plaintiffs had entered upon the extended period piovided for, by the act of 1792, or the charter of West Boston Bridge Company.
This declaration, and the passage of this law, being concurrent acts, the meaning of the legislature cannot be mistaken. They put their explicit denial, upon the right to raise implied covenants not to erect new bridges; and declare, that they extend the right of tolls, because, among other reasons, the plaintiffs had no such exclusive privilege. The plaintiffs have accepted the provision for them in the act of 1792; claim the benefits of it, and plainly Sught to be bound in equity by this exposition.
It was a distinct notice to all persons, who were, or might be concerned in the property, that the denial of the right of the state to make new bridges, would not be regarded; and whatever might by construction, be their privileges, under the act of 1785, its renewal in 1792, was on condition, that no such pretension against the power of the state sfiould be set up.
It has been said, that this- is only found in the report, and is not, therefore, obligatory. But to this I answer, that the report was the subject of distinct, deliberate legislatioAi, in both branches. It was accepted by both, acting in their constitutional capacity. It is part of the records and files. The law is only an echo of it, embodying the matter in the accustomed forms of legislation. We offer this report, not to explain away or to alter any provisions of the act, but to refute an inference made on presumption; to negative an impflied -engagement which is attempted to le enforced; to show that the legislature did nof mean what the plaintiffs attempt to force upon us by construction: and most assuredly it is competent for this put.pose; it is competent to overthrow a presumption which it positively

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

497

[Charles River Bridge v.Warren Bridge et al.] refutes. It is therefore conclusive upon the plaintiffs; and has the same restraining effect on iheir presumptions that it would have if it had been embodied in the act. How can they, then, show the effect of it? The counsel replies, that they do not claim a franchise extending to West Boston bridge, for they only claim between Boston and Charlestown; and there is no distinct larger claim set up in their remonstrance of 1792. If they did not consider the West Boston project an interference, why did they remonstrate; and why represent that it would take away half their travel, and ask a refusal of the grant desired by the petitioners ? But suppose, if you can, that they really did not mean to assert that such a bridge would be an interference, the declaration,which is an answer to the remonstrance, only becomes the more pointed and explicit; for it is then saying, in so many words, you have no exclusive rights between Boston and Charlestown, and we admonish you of it, and renew your charter with the express understanding that you are to so consider it. View it then in any aspect in which it may be presented, and the declaration still stands unshaken and cannot be construed away. It clings every where, as a condition of the renewal, not to be explained away.
What right then have the purchasers of stock to complain? They are bound to notice the terms of the charter, and to regard its provisions; and surely ought not to demand relief from an inconsiderate or rash contract at the expense of the public.
But the Court has been asked, with considerable emphasis, if the plaintiffs would have accepted a charter, with power left in the legislature to erect bridges at pleasure?
The answer has already been given. They did accept it, after all, the deliberation they saw fit to make, and with this unequivocal notice before them.
We ask, in turn, if the legislature would have granted to any company such privileges as they claim, if the privileges had been "set forth in plain and intelligible language in the act? Would they have given an exclusive right over the river to any body?
The answer is again at hand. No sooner were such claims set up, than they denied their validity,-and refused to recognise them. They again, in 1807, when Canal Bridge Company was incorporated, renewed the declaration against them in a formal manner; and again, when Wrarren Bridge was established. They have, at all times, earnestly protested against all such claims. The views of the legisla-
VOL. XI.-3 R

498

SUPREME COURT.

[Cbarles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al] tors and of the people, are not doubtful on this point. They have not misled the plaintiffs by silence, or for a moment favoured their pre-
tensions. But much is said of the hardship. ' Their property, which is of
great value, it is said, is rendered worthless; it hab been taken from them and given to others. Here the plaintiffs mistake their rigits, and reason from false premises. They- suppose they had a property in the public travel, when they had none. There cannot be any property in public travel,- because no one is under any obligation to pay toll, unless he passes the bridge, and that is an optional act. If the act of 1785 imposes no restrictions upon the legislature, and- they had a right to authorize the new bridge; then nothing is taken from the plaintiffs, if all the travel passes over it. All that can be said is, that while the" legislature forbore to exercise its lawful rights, they made a vast deal of money by an exclusive enjoyment; and now they make less, not because any thing is taken from them which was theirs by contract or grant, but because a lawful competition is set up. Their case of hardship differs in .nothing from those of frequent occurrence.
Supp'ose A sells to B a tavern, having a large custom, and makes conveyance. .A then erects another house near by, and the custom follows him, whereby B is ruined. B has no remedy, unless A has covenanted expressly niA to do this act.
Again, one has a tavern, store, or other place of business, dependent on public travel for its custom. A new road is established, which diverts all travel from it, and renders this property worthless; the owner has no remedy, but must bear the loss with what patience he may. These are matters of frequent occurrence, and present cases of much greater hardship than the plaintiffs are called upon to endure; for they have reaped too rich harvests to be great sufferers.
The owners of real estate on the avenues to their bridge, will, if the travel is discbntinued, or greatly impaired, probabli suffer more severely than the plaintiffs; but what remedy have they? The plaintiffs, therefore, if they should hereafter receive less tolls, will be in no extraordinary position. It will doubtless turn out that their property is far from worthless, as it may be applied to other uses.
But what if there is hardship? Is that to be relieved by making a new contract heke, or by altering an old one? Shall the commonwealth, to relieve the plaintiffs, be made a party to stipulations that she never entered into?' This would be More unjust than any losses

JANUARY TERMyaaS7.

499

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge etal ]
or inconveniences which can occur to the plaintiffs. Presumptions got up to relieve hardship, are too often the parents of the greatest injustice.
The plaintiffs seem to think it is incredible that any of the large privileges which they have enjoyed, should rest on the forbearance of the commonwealth. They treat the idea that they should hold any thing at her will, as preposterous. To be at the mercy of the state is absurd; and so irreconcilable with just reasoning, that it is not to be entertained in giving construction to this act of 1785. We must arrive, they think, at any conclusion but this; though the very terms of the act force us into this position.,
Either the state or the plaintiffs have the control of this river; and whoever has, excludes the other from a sole enjoyment. In order to free themselves from control, the plaintiffs would bring the state' to their feet, and place hr at their mercy. This would be the measure of justice meted out by their construction. I will leave it to the Court to determine which would be the most becoming posture, and which would best subserve the ends of public justice; to place the plaintiffs at the mercy of the state, ov, the state at their mercy.
They demand, when they say they have a right to exclude injurious competition, that the travel shall be arrested on the north bank of the river, and -driven by circuitous and inconvenient ways over their bridge, and shall, in addition, pay tribute perpetually; not to indemnify for the enterprise, but to add to the mass of wealth already accumulated. If the state is tied down to this burden, be it so; but let us see decisive proof of it. Let it not be by presumptions, or implications.
If the plaintiffs wish for equity, let them do equity; that is a first principle. Let them frankly admit that they had notice of the limited terms on which their act was renewed in 1792; and not try to shut that all important fact out of sight.
The honour of the state is untarnished, and her reputation fully
vindicated. There has been much false rumour in this matter; much mistake and unjust imputation. The state has made no attempt to resume her grants, or to seize private property, by violent and revolutionary measures, for public use. She has not acted arbitrarily, illiberally, or ungenerously, toward any one; but, on the cofitrary, has forborne to use her lawful power, until she saw those who had done a valuable public service, not only reimbursed, but enriched in a manner surpassing all ordinary acquisitions, She then listened to

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
the demand of the public for further accommodations, and not till then. There is no blot upon her escutcheon, nor stain on her garments, in this matter.
In proof of this, I fearlessly assert that the counsel are mistaken when they say that a deci-:ion in favour of the defendants will be fatal to future enterprise. This case has stood decided in their court for several years; and the history of Massachusetts can exhibit no period that will compare with it in investments for internal improvements. Confidence in the integrity and good faith of the state never stood higher, nor did capitalists ever go forward with greater resolution and courage.
I feel, therefore, justified in affirming that the honour and faith of the state is untarnished, and she stands blameless in her conduct,
I come, then, to the conclusion, for all these reasons; that the act of 1785 is incapable of the construction put upon it'by the plaintiffs:
That its meaning is plain, and it gives no franchise beyond the bridge:
That in 1792 this construction was given to it by the legislature, and it was then extended thirty years, upon condition that it should be so construed:
That the stockholders can complain of no injustice, for forty-six thousand dollars has returned them over one million two hundred thousand dollars; and if any one is a loser by giving a great price for the stock, he must impute it to his negligence in not regarding the construction given by the legislature to the act:
That the rule adopted by the legislature, and the rule of the common law, are concurrent; and, therefore, if the notice should be ruled out of the case it will not change the result
All this, I contend, is in. full accordance with the policy of the state.
1st. Her system of free road laws has, at all times, been active, and by its operation has rendered many turnpikes worthless.
2d. The statute books will show that numerous bridges have been granted at or near old ferries, without compensation.
3d. Rail-ways and canals have been granted, in many directions, regardless of old franchises, or of their injurious consequences to old lines of travel; but of this, more hereafter.
Since, therefore, nothing is taken from the old bridge by the law of 1828, but the proprietors are left in full possession and enjoy-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

501

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] ment of every thing granted to them; and since their only complaint is of a diversion of travel, and a consequent diminution of tolls, I am not able-4o perceive that they have any contract which has been violated, or had its obligation impaired: and, therefore, the constitution of the United States has not been violated. - The act of 1828 does not rescind, alter, or modify any of the provisions of the act of 1785; but leaves tie plaintiffs in the full enjoyment of them, and in the undisturbed control of their bridge.
I will now answer, more particularly, some of the arguments of the learned counsel. Most of the reasoning is founded on premises which will fail, if we have sound views of the law; or is designed to overthrow positions which we have never assumed.
He says, for example, that the legislature has no power to resume a grant. Our answer is, that they have not attempted it; and therefore, that question is not raised in the case. We contend for no such power.
What they claim as their property was never granted to them; and the mistake is, that they do not own what they suppose has been taken away. They must establish their title, before they talk about the resumption of grants, and the taking away of their property. They must remember, that this right of property is the very matter in litigation; and one of the great points to be settled is, whether they show any title that can stand the test of legal scrutiny. If they do, we do not claim it without an equivalent.
It is said, the franchise is to be ascertained by the facts, and is to be reasonable. It seems to me, that it is to be ascertained, as lord Tenterden says, by. the terms of the bargain; and these are to be found in the act. What is deemed reasonable, we have seen is coextensive with the selfish desires of making money. When the plaintiffs depart from the act, they can find no standard for what is reasonable. To-day, the exclusive claim is between Boston and Charlestown; yesterday it embraced Canal bridge; and the day before West Boston bridge. If the plaintiffs can show no rule to settle reasonable limits, how can they hope the Court will relieve them from the embarrassment? When we go in search of what is not apparent in the act, we grope in -the-dark; and hence, the well established rule laid down in Stourbridge Canal Company v. Whaley, that you shall not build up claims on presumption.
The plaintiffs could find no authority to rest upon for making Boston had Charlestown the.boundaries of their franchise, until they

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
fell upon the late case in the exchequer of Huzzy v. Field. What assurance have we, when the law as to ferries shall again come under consideration, that it will not receive a new modification, and their franchise then take new boundaries?
But again, another and different rule is laid down by the counsel, which undoubtedly is considered reasonable; though in its application it rests on quite different principles.
The counsel, in treating of what is reasonable, asks, how do you settle what is a nuisance where the air is corrupted? :Not by bounds, not by distance or measure; but wherever the noxious atmosphere is, there is the nuisance: so with the plaintiffs' case, where the injury is, there is the nuisance. Whatever takes away their tolls, invades their franchise; for this is the injury of which they complain.
This view brings us back at once to the old doctrine; "you shall not impair my franchise;" and proves in the most coholusive manner, that all the bridges above theirs are nuisances, for the travel which passes over them would chiefly go over their bridge, if the others were closed up.
It is too plain, that the learned counsel, in his able argument, has, whenever he has expounded the law, or undertaken to show what is reasonable, fallen back upon this rule as the only resting place he can find. -He began, by saying, what is reasonable must be ascertained by the facts; and ended by showing, that the only fact necessary to be inquired into, is, does the injury complained of, lessen the tolls? If it does, it impairs the franchise, and is a nuisance. If this is to be the end of the inquiry, the reasonableness, or unreasonableness of the franchise set up, is not a matter of investigation. The inquiry iks not into that fact, but whether the tolls are diminished. And, I think, this will be found to be the only standard the plaintiffs have- ever set up. Indeed, if you admit that some injury may be lawfully done, where is the limit? Let us then dismiss this wandering inquiry after a reasonable franchise, and go back to the act of 1785, and hold to that, instead of building up a new contract; for the plaintiffs have profes sedly ceased to claim a right to put down all
competition that lessens their tolls. It is admitted, says the counsel, thatthe legislature has the controi
over public ways; and their judgment as to the necessity for them, is final and conclusive. But he adds, that it is not like the British parliament, omnipotent, for this Court has a right to correct its
errors.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

503

EC~arles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et aL]
The power of this Court, allow me to say, also, is not omnipotenf; and it can acquire no jurisdiction over an act of the legislature, unless such act impairfthe obligation of contract I may add, speaking it with great deference and respect, that while I repose great confidence in this tribunal, I feel no cause for distrust in thosp of our commonwealth. I, therefore, do not feel that we are -unsafe without such a corrective; as we in truth are safe, in most matters upon which our courts adjudicate. 'I can see no more impropriety or hazard in resting final jurisdiction there, than here; for I am not aware of any proneness there to error or excess, which demands a corrective. Indeed, it cannot be desirable, nor is it the purpose of the federal constitution to carry this jurisdiction over the constitutions and laws of the states. The system would manifestly be insupportablei and I shall, before I leave the .case, attempt to show, that the jurisdiction of this Court does not reach this case, becauie it falls exclusively within the constitution and laws of Massachusetts. I shall endeavour to make it appear, even if property has been taken for public use, it is no violation of contract to do it; and the question of compensation must be decided, finally, by our own court.
Again, the learned counsel.says, "the legislature is limited by the principles of natural justice ;" and I agree that it ought to be, and that it ought not to take property without compensation: but the constitution of the United States no where gives this Court a right -to inquire whether the legislature, and the state courts have disregarded the principles of natural justice. I would respectfully ask if this Court is to be the corrective.in such cases?
But I am not willing the reproach of violating the principles of natural justice, should rest on the state. Did the state ask the plaintiffs to build the bridge? Did she ask them to accept the act after it was made a law? They sought the privilege, and accepted the act, after taking all the time they desired to consider its provisions; and have had, and may continue to have the full benefit of them. The supposed violation of natural justice does not consist in interfering with the provisions of the act; but in refusing to recognise claims not enumerated in it-rights-unauthorized by it-privileges not intended to be gfanted. We cannot find in the act certain provisions of which they claim the benefit Is it a violation of natural justice, to refuse them the right to add what they please to the fact?
Again, they state to the Court, to prove their disposition to accomodate the public, that they proposed to the legislature to enlarge the

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warreq Bridge et al.]
bridge 'and the avenues, and to make other alterations to meet the public emergencies; and so they did: butis it not too plain that this offer came when they must,have known it could not be accepted? They had contested the right to build a new bridge again andtgen, before committees, and the legislature. The corporation voted to make the proposals on thd 25th of February, and the law was approved on the 12th of March following. There is little doubt, therefore, that they were made after the report of the committee, and during the pendency of the bill before the legislature. It is hardly reasonable to suppose, that propositions made, thus apparently with reluctance, and in that late stage of the proceeding, could be any otherwise viewed, than as measures for delay-than as counter plans to defeat the measure. But whether that be so or not, they came too late.
But further, it seems they considered themselves as having no authority to erect suitable accommodations for the public. They could not enlarge the bridge, or the avenues, if insufficient for the travel, without a grant of power from the legislature. Is this consistent with the claim of exclusive right over the river? If the Court will look into the cases quoted in regard to markets, it will be found, that the public are under no obligation- to respect the franchise, unless suitabl& accommodations for the business is afforded; and that the exclusive right, and the obligation, go together.
Is it ,true that the plaintiffs hold this exclusive privilege, and yet have no power to open a way suited to the public travel? Does not this limitation of power prove a limited franchise? Their power to enlarge does not reach beyond -the planks of the bridge; and why? Because the act of 1785 will carry them no further. By what rule, then, will it carry their franchise further? If they can imply a franchise; then may,they imply a power to enlarge, but this I think they will not venture upoo, since, they admit the act of 1785 gives no countenance to it.
These are some of the leading arguments which remained Lmnoticed, and I shall not detain the Court longer in pursuing this kind
of inquiry, for I shall occupy more of their time if I follow out he various positions taken, in an argument of nearly three days, than I think myself justified in consuming. I will therefore pass to the next great division of the case, which constitutes in -thepleadings, the second issue.
If we are right in the legal positions we have assumed, our labour

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

505

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
here is unnecessary, for the plaintiffs have no case; but as we cannot know how the minds of the Court will run in this matter, we must investigate the point.
The question is, if property has been taken fdr public use, under the act of 1828, and no compensation has been made, is it a violation of the rignts of the plaintiffs so as to impair the obligation of contract, and thus conflict with the constitution of the Unitcd States?
I shall contend, that, whatever may be the constitution and laws of Massachusetts, and whatever obligations they may impose on the legislature, to provide compensation, where propcrty is taken for public use; the om~ission to do it, in the act of 1828, is no violation of a contract which impairs its obligation within the meaning of the constitution of the United States; and therefore this Court has no jurisdiction in the matter.
To establish this conclusion, I shall attempt t6 Maintain the following positions :
1. That the power to provide public highways, is an attribute of sovereignty, necessarily residing at all times in a state.
This is apparent; for without this power, all intercommunication would be interrupted, and each person~confined in matter of right to his own estate. 'It is an element of sovereignty, as much as the power of taxation; and political organization cannot exist without it.
2. This power necessarily implies the right to take private property for public use. The territory of a state is owned by individuals, and roads must run over this territory; therefore they cannot be authorized against consent, without the right to appropriate private property to public use. The alternative is, that the government, must have this power, or the public cal hdve no roads.
3. All property in Massachusetts, includihg franchises, is held and enjoyed, subject to this right of sovereignty, resting upon it as an incumbrance.
I know of no property in the state exempted from this liability; and ift the 4 Pick. 460, Com. v. Breed, the court allege, that it has always been taken when needed, be it what it may; and mentions, as illustrative of the extent of this right, that the legislature have at pleasure obstructed navigable rivers, which are public highways. The plaintiffs' bridge was. built upon the very ways of the ferrv. and the court in 7th of Pick. considers this as lawful.
This right is co-existint with the colony, and as far as my knpw-
ledge extends, has -never been questioned. The legislature are the VOL. XI.-3 S

506

SU W'REME COURT.

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren bridge et al.]
sole and final judges of the necessity of taking property in this manner; on the fground that it is their duty, as the representatives of the people, to provide for the public wants. Ibid.
4. As this right to provide ways lies among the elements of government, and has always been exercised, and asserted in its broadest terms; it follows, that the right to take private property for this purpose, is equally broad; and that the mere taking and appropriation of it to public use, can never of itself impair the obligation of contract, or violate the constitution of the United States; for the fundamental laws of the state authorize the taking, aid all property is aIways held on condition that it may be so taken and applied. The right rests as an incumbrance upon it, as much as the right of taxa-
tio'n. This principle is sustained, if it needs authority, in 4 Pet. 514;
Billings v. Providence Bank; where it is said, in substance, that if a franchise be taxed to its ruin, by the very power that created it, this is no violation of contract, for the right to tax is an abiding public right covering all property. To refuse to make compensation nay violate the constitution of Massachnsetts, but not of the United States.
The right to make"war, to impQse embargoes, and non-intercourse acts, to change public policy, to regulate intercourse with foreign countries, and to do and perform many other things; all which may subject the people to great hazards and losses; has never, and can never be questioned, whatever may be their influence upon trade or individual property. But however disastrous such acts may be, and whatever losses may he sustained, the citizens are without remedy. These mutations make one poor, and another rich; but they are incident to the social and political condition of mankind. Public policy, an4d public laws, cannot be made to bear upon all alike. New ways, for example, must be provided. In doing this, the property of one which is not touched, is nearly ruined by being abandoned by the 'travel, while that of an6ther is benefited by the passage of the new way over it. But all who hold property, hold it subject to the right to make these changes2 for the public good demands it; and the right to do it, must, I think, stand unquestioned. It is one of those attributes of sovereignty, which must be constantly exercised; and such property, be it what it may, must be taken as is necessary to meet the exigencies of the public for ways.
It is plaiin, therefoi-e, that no property is exempt from this liability

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
to be taken, unless the state has agreed to exemptit; and it may well be doubted whether the legislature of a state has any authority to bind the state to a contract to exempt property from this liability beyond the pleasure of the state. This power bears a strong resemblance to the taxing power; and in Billings v. Providence Bank, the right to perpetually exempt property from taxation, is considered doubtful. If the sovereign right to mae roads, can be alienated as to a small territory, it 'may be as to a large; and thus the state might, by legislative power, be dispossessed of one of its most necessary 4nd esential powers forever. The sovereignty of.a state seems to me to be an unfit matter for bargain and sale, in perpetuum; and hened the right is acknowledged, whenever the public exigency demands it, to lay new ways over ways already-grahted, as in the case before us. by compensating for the property taken.
When a way is laid over property, but two questions can arise; is the property exempt from liability to this public burden? and is compensation provided for such as is tiken for public use? The first of these questions is not raised in this; for it is 'notjurged that the defendants' bridge touches any thing exempt from being taken' for public use. The second, as I have intimated, I shall by and by attempt to prove, does not fall within this jurisdiction, but belongs to the local courts.
The plaintiffs -raise another question, which I must first consider, for it meets me here in its natural order: they allege, that the act f 1828 impairs the obligation of contract, and therefore violates the constitution of the United States; and this they must establish before they -can give this Court jurisdiction. I come therefore to the fifth inquiry, has the state agreed to make compensation to the Charles River Bridge Coinpany, for the privilege of running another bridge or way across the river, which diminishes their tolls? If thestate bas made such a contract, let her abide by it; if not, the4 let the plaintiffs show some right to bring us here.
'No such provision can be found in the act of 1785; nor is there any thing in the act which would lead one to suppose, that any such purpose, was, or could have been within the intent or meaning of the legislature.
It would, therefore, be a forced, unnatural inference. But under the rule of construttion applicable to such acts, I deny the right of the Court to raise an implication which is not a clear and necessary inference from the terms of the act. If the inference be at ali

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
doubtful, or if the act is fairly capable of another construction, then the implication cannot be raised. I submit to the Court, with much confidence, that such an obligation does not spring naturally from the language or general tenor of tlhe act; and one can scarcely fail to be confirmed in that opinion, when he turns to the bill of rights prefatory to the constitution of Massachusetts; and there finds, in the 10th article, provision made for compefisation in cases.where property is taken for public use.
The plaintiffs, if they thought of the matte?, at all, doubtless relied ,on-this provision in the fundamental law. They had no motives, then, for other provisions in the act; for the constitution of the United States was not made or ratified till 1789, four years subsequent to the passage of the act of 1785. It seems to me hardly to admit of a doubt, that when the act of 1785 was passed, all relied on the bill of rights for indemnity, in case public emergency called for an appropriation of .the franchise for public use.
This being the state of things, I will inquire, first, what provision has been made to satisfy the-constitution of Massachusetts? And second, whether that of the United States has been violated? On the first point I Will only add to what has. been said, that I shall not contend, - o. i,'ere property is taken for public use, the bill of rights does not impose a peremptory obligation to compensate for it.
The act of 1828 provides an indemnity for all real estate taken for the bridge.
The plaintiffs complain, that a part of their franchise is taken. What is it? An incorporeal hereditament, but issuing from real estate; a right to exclude other interfering ways. Now, if they have such a right spreading over the river in the nature of an easement, and can show that the new bridge is within their limits, why is not a sufficient remedy provided by the act? Is it because they cannot define this franchise, or give any reasonable account of its dimensions, that they omitted to put in their clain for damages? If the new bridge does not touch this right, then, by the laws, of Massachusetts, they can have no claim for damage, however much they may suffer.
The doctrine is well settled in Callender and Marsh, and many other cases; and the rules applied to the bill of rights are these:
Where property is actually taken for public use, there the party injured may have his damage.
Where property is not touched, however much- the owner may

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
-[-Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
suffer, he has, under the bill, no remedy, for nothing is taken for pulblic use; and it is damnum absque injuria; what is merely consequential, is, therefore, without remedy. If the right of exclusionr does not reach up the river above the new bridge, then the defendants are not liable, whatever may be the diversion of tolls; for they do not touch the property of the plaintiffs. I have shown, I trust, very clearly, that a diversion of tolls is not necessarily, of itself, any invasion of the plaintiffs' rights. They admit this, because they now admit that Canal bridge and West Boston bridge were both lawfully erected, and yet both diverted tolls to the extent of travel over them. Nothing is more plain than that they have no property in the travel,'or any line of travel; for if they had, these diversions. from their line would be aggressions upon their rights. There cannot be a property in what one neither has in possession, nor any right to reduce to possession. The plaintiffs can compel no one to go over their bridge.
The injury, therefore, which the plaintiffs sustain, if any, is because the defendants have come within the limits of their franchise, and erected a bridge, and caused a diversion of toll, which, under these circumstances, must be unlawful.
Our answer to this is, that they have utterly failed to establish any such exclusive right or title; as the aatof 1785 gives no countenance to it; and they are forbid making such an unnecessary and unnatural implication of right. The damage which they suffer, then, is merely consequential, and falls within the principles of the case of Callender and Marsh, in 1 Pickering.
But suppose we are erroneous in this reasoning, and the new.bridge actually falls within their exclusive right, and thus becomes unlawfully injurious; how is the case brought within the jurisdiction of this Court?
I repeat, the plaintiffs must show a violation of the constitution of the United States before they can make this jurisdiction attach.
T~hey allege, that the act of 1828, being an act .)f the state, impairs the obligation of a cqntract, and therein violates the constitution of the United States; because it forbids the making of such a l."--.
But what contrdct does it impair? What obligation does it violate? I have beard much discussion about the injuries sustained by the plaintiffs b; consequence of the act of 1828; but have they pointed out the contract, or the obligation of a contract, which has been violated? If so, where is it? The contract, if any, is the act

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] of 1785. It is a contract with the state itself; but this, in no respect, changes the character of the case, for the constitution is no more applicable to a contract with the state, than to any other contract. What has the state undertaken to do which it has refused to do? What has it agreed not to do which it has done? I hope the Court will look into the act, and see if they cai"find any provision there which has been violated. The state authorized the erection and continuance of a bridge, and the right to take 'toll during the period of seventy years. It has not revoked, annulled, or altered, any of these powers. It has not disturbed their possession or right to take toll. It has not altered a letter of the act. But it is urged that the state has authorized the erection of a bridge which greatly diminishes the tolls; and this is true; and the question here is, did she agree not to do it, in and by the acts of 1785 or 1792? If so, point out the agreement. The state, it is admitted on all hands, has an undoubted right to make new bridges, even if.they do destroy the franchises of other bridges; but when she takes property for .public use, shp. must compensate for the damage. And where arises the obligation to do this? Not-in the act of 1785 or 1792, but in the bill of rights. Here lies the obligation, and no where else. There is nothing in the act of 1785 in regard to the duty of compensation.
The question here arises, is the bill of rights a part of the contrapt? 'If it is not, I humbly contend, that'this Court cannot entertain juiisdiction, for its jurisdiction reaches only the constitution and laws of the United States; and this case cannot be brought under that constitution, unless a contract can be shown, which is impaired by the act of 1828.
The laws and constitutions of the states belong solely to the state courts to expound; Jackson v. Lamphire, 3 Pet. 280.
The bill of rights is part of the constitution of Massachusetts; and is not, and cannot be any part of a contract, unless expressly made so by agreement. The laws of a state may bge used to expound and explain, but never to supersede or to vary a contract; Ogden v. Saunders, 12 Wheat. 213; 3 Story's Com. 249.
If this provision of the bill of rights should be added to the act of 1785, it would both supersede and vary the contract from what it now is.
These principles seem to be settled, beyond question. I consider it also well settled, that a contract with a state stands on ground in no respect differing from all other contracts; and the constitution of

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.'
the United States has, in its provisions, no reference specially to such contracts. The state is bound by no higher obligation to abstain from violating its own contracts by laiw, than to abstain from violating all other contracts. All citizens stand on the same footing in this respect, with the same measure of redress, and the same extent of rights.
If the bill of rights can be engrafted upon-this contract as a condition, because it was a public law, of which all must take notice, when the act of 1785 was passed; then, for the same reason, it becomes a condition of every contract; and whoever has his property taken for puklic use, may appeal to this Court, and it would thus open its jurisdiction to revise a very extensive branch of jurisprudence, hitherto considered, as exclusively belonging to the states. -Is the Court prepared for this?- Did the framers of the constitution anticipate it ? Will the public be satisfied with it? Not only matters of this kind will be brought here, but many other things. Why may not one who claims a right to vote in Massachusetts, and is denied the privilege, claim that the obligation of contract is impaired, for his right rests on the constitution? Why may not all officers whose qualifications, prescribed by the constitution, are drawn in.question, and the rights they claim denied to them, come here for redress? Why may not a judge, who is legislated out of office, by taking away his salary, appeal to this Court? Such a construction would *openan alarming jurisdiction, and make this Court preside over the constitution and laws of the states as well as those of the United States; for this would be the result of making the constitution a part of contracts. The road laws alone, would take more.than.the whole time' of -the Court.
But I will Pot dwell on this aspect of the case, for this pretension has not been set up; and I am sure, the decisions of this Court are decisive of the question..
What then becomes of the jurisdiction, 'even admitting that the act of 1828 did violate the bill of rights? Is it not plain, that no contract or obligation of a contract is impaired, and therefore, that the constitution of the United States does not reach the case?
The courts of Massachusetts have acted upon the mdtter, and whether for good or evil, right or wrong, their decision is final.
I might add, that where property is taken for public use, it isn"ot taken under, or by virtiie of any contract, but in the necessary exercise of a great and essential element of sovereignty. It is a right,

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
that necessarily rides over all property, and can never be questioned. It is the duty of every government to make compensation where it is taken; and Massachusetts has made what she deems adequate and suitable provision by her fundamental law, and it is no part of the business of this government to inquire into the sufficiency or insufficiency of that provision, nor what exposition is put upon it by her courts. The thing does not lie in contract, but in public law; and this Court has never gone further than to declare private acts, contracts. Public acts, in the nature of things, cannot be contracts, but a rule of action.
This case, therefore, bears little, if any resemblance to Fletcher and Peck, New Jersey and Wilson, Dartmouth College and Woodward. In all these -cases, and all the others quoted, the parties affected held rights under private acts, which the states of Georgia' New Jersey, and New Hampshire attempted, respectively, to repeal, after rights had vested. The question raised in each case was, whether a state, where it had conveyed property and rights to an individual, could annul its own act. If a state, for example, conveys land to an individual, nothing can be more absurd, than to suppose it can annul its title and resume the property; for such grants are irrevocable. So, also, in the case of Sturgis and Crowninshield, it was decided, that if one promises to pay money to another, a state cannot by a law, release him from his contract without payment. In all these cases, there is a manifest impairing of the obligation of contract, for the whole benefit is taken away, and the contract abrogated.
But in this case, it is admitted, that the state has a right to take any property whatever, for highways; and, that the franchise of Charles River Bridge is as liable as any other property to be seized for this purpose. The -taking, therefore, for public use is no wrong.
It is no violation of the act of 1785, for it has always been- held under that act, subject to this right. If it has been taken, therefore, that act is both right and lawful; for it is consistent with the contract, instead of a breach of it.
The only matter which can be complained of, is, that no compensation has been made.- This right to compensation does not spring up under the contract, but is derived from public law. The bill of rights alone gives it; and on that alone can the claim be sustained, if sustained at all. Over that branch of law, I repeat, this Court has

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

513

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
no jurisdiction, and redress must be sought in the tribunals of Massachusetts, and in no other place.
Such is the necessary result, if property has been taken. On this point, therefore, we discover no error'whirh can be corrected here.
But the plaintiffs are in no wofse condition, and have no higher claim to indemnity, than a large class of citizens who suffer by public improvements. Rail roads, perhaps, generally, supersede the highways near them; and render stages, wagons, and other property to a great extent less valuable. They frustrate the views, and, lessen the income of all who depend on the public travel for patronage and support. The business of large comnmunities, and the value of real estate is seriously diminished, but there could be no indemnity for -such losses. It is a mere misfortune, for such persons have no right over, or interest in the public travel which can be the subject of legal claim. The public convenience demands such improvements, and they are not to be obstructed from such causes.
I must be permitted, before I leave this subject, to declare distinctly, that it is no part of my purpose to urge any change, or modification of the laws; nor to advance the opinion that the strong arm of the public may seize individual property, and sacrifice it to the public convenience. I am aware that much has been said of this case; and that it has been said, there is no ground for the defence to stand on, short of a revolution of principles which will unsettle private rights, and subject themto public caprice. I am not unconscious of the dangers which surround such doctrines; and I am equally sensible to the folly. of urging vested rights, as they are denominated, to. such extremes as to make them felt as grievous burdens, and onerous inconveniences, by the public. Many of the feudal institutions which still have acknowledged force in England, have been repudiated here3 and I cannot think there is much wisdom in attempting to engraft any' of them upon our institutions, beyond where they have been distinctly-recognised to be the law of the land.
But while I say this, I am fully impressed with the vital importance of giving steady, unceasinv, protection to private rights. Thegreat elements of public liberty, lie in the firm protection of private rights. The great end of political association in a free government, is to obtain a firm, unwavering-protection of our persons, and honest earnings. If a government fails-to'do this, it is oflittle value; for we scarcely want it for any other purpose. Liberty consists chiefly in freedom from arbitrary restraint and exactions; and no one can feel
V L. XI.--3 T

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
more sincerely anxious for the preservation of these great principles, than I do. I am fully sensible that the constitution and the laws are the shield under which we take shelter. They are our place of refuge-the sanctuary to which we must cling, if we would preserve public liberty. I am not, therefore, for laying rude hands upon them-I am not for tearing away these great barriers of right.
I wish it, therefore, to be distinctly understood,' that I place our case within the pale of the law, and invoke no violence in its aid. I a~k for no new principles or rules, but for a fair and just exposition of the laws; and this, I know, is all we shall obtain.
Our case stands on what is called, by this Court, a contract; and I only contend that this contract, when construed by the rules of law, as I understand them, after careful research and consideration, will sustain no such exclusive rights and privileges as the plaintiffs claim. I see no-great constitutional question involved in.this matter; for it is not a matter of constitutional law, whether the act of 1785 gives a wide, or a narrow franchise, but- a simple inquiry into the meaning of that act. The case involves nothing else. If I do not mistake the weight of authority, I have shown that in England such grants are strictly construed in favour of the public. This is the rule in a grant of privileges and monopolies; and I hope the public here is entitled to as favourable a consideration. All I ask is that this rule shall be applied to the act of 1785. It is due to public justice, and public policy, that it should be. I can see no objection to it, while I do see much to object to in the opposite course. I have never had but one opinion in this matter, and all investigation has tended to strengthen it. Some may suffer by a decision in favoui of the defendants, and this I regret; but it affords no reason, whatever, for establishing unsound rules of construction, or for denying to the public the accommodation of a lawful way.
Mr. Webster, for the plaintiffs* in error, stated that the qujestion before the. Cottrt was one of a private right; and was to be determiped by the fair construction of a contract.
Much had been said to bring the claims of the plaintiffs in error into reprogch. This course of remark does not affect their right to their property, if this Court shall consider that property has been
* The reporter was disappointed, in what he believed a well founded expectation
of receiving a full statement Qf Mr. Webster's argument, made out by himself; or his notes, from which, with other aids, he could have given the argument more at large.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et aL]
taken from them by proceedings which violate a contract; and in a case where this Court has a constitutional right to interpose for its
protection and restoration. It is said that the pfoprietors of Charles River Bridge have been.
repaid for the advances made by them in building the bridge. But this is not the question upon which the Court has to decide. It is a question of contract; and if it is so, where is the necessity to inquire whether the plaintiffs have laid out a million, or nothing. If there was a contract, the question is not what was the amount of profit to be derived from it, but what was its provisions; however advantageous to those with whom it was made. It is a contract for the annual receipt of tolls for a specified, period of time; and it is said the state, which by its law brought the company into existence, by allowing these tolls, may break the contract, because the amount of the tolls is large; and by a legislative act, say, that, for a portion of the time granted, the contract shall not be in force!
The case has been argued before; once in the superior court of the state of Massachusetts, and onge in this Court: and without any disrespect to the counsel who argued it before the present hearing, it has been exhibited on new and enlarged grounds.
It has been said, in the argument, that the right of eminent domain. cannot be granted away by a legislative act; and if granted, the same may be resumed, against the cxpress terms of the grant. The necessity of the existence of this right in a sovereign state, has been asserted to be shown by a reference to many cases; as the grant of a right to construct a turnpike, which, if it gave an exclusive right of making all communications between two places, to a corporation, or to an individual, would operate to prevent the introduction of improved modes of intercourse, as by rail roads; and thus be most extensively injurious to the interests, and stay, to a fatal extent, the prosperity of the community.
The plaintiffs in error deny this position. They hold that the obligation of a contract is complete; and that other means than by its violation, may protect the interests of. the community. Such a violation of a contract would be fatal to the confidence of the governed in those who govern; and would destroy the security of all property, and all rights derived under it.
The localities of the two bridges, "the Charles River Bridge," and tcthe Warren Bridge," are well understood by the Court. They accommodate the same line.of travel, and either of them furnishes

SUPREME COURT,
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge.ct aI.J all the convenience, and all the facilities the line of travel require,. That one is sufficient, is shown by the fact, which is not denied, that since the Warren Bridge has become free, all travellers pass over it, and no tolls are received by the proprietors of the Charles River Bridge.
When the act authorizing the Warren Bridge was passed, and the company was about to erect the bridge, the plaintiffs applied to the superior court of Massachusetts for an injunction to prevent the work going on. This was refused, on grounds that nothing had been done by the company which presented the question of the unconstitutionality of the law. Before the Warren Bridge was in the actual receipt of tolls, the bill now before the Court was filed; and afterwards a supplemental bill, the proprietors of the Warren Bridge being in the actual receipt of tolls; claiming that the charter under which they acted was a violation of the contract of the state, with the proprietors of the Charles River Bridge, and was therefore against the constitution of the United States. The case is now before this Court, on this question.
It is said that Boston has many of such bridges as that constructed by the plaintiffs. This must, necessarily be so. Boston is an exception in the ocean. She is almost surrounded by the waters of the sea, and is approached every where, but in one part, by a bridge. It is said that those numerous bridges have given rise to no litigavilon. This is so;but the just inference is, that by no one of these has a right been interfered with. In fact, in all the cases where rival bridges, or bridges affecting prior rights have been put up; it is understood that there has been agreements with those who were or might be affected by them. This was the case with West Boston bridge. It was purchased by those who sought to make a free bridge which would interfere with it.
It has been said, in argument, that the ferry franchise, which was the property of Harvard college, was seized by the legislature when they authorized the erection of the Charles River Bridge. But this was not so. A compensation was allowed for the use of the franchise or its interruption; and no objection was ever made to it by that institution. The just inference is, that a previous agreement had been made with the college; and that the sum annually paid by the 'proprietors of Charles River Bridge, was entirely satisfactory to that corporation.
Mr. Webster then went into an examinatiop of the circumstancep

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et aL.]
which had attended the erection of other bridges from the main land to Boston; and he contended, that in all the cases, compensation had been made to those who were injuriously affected by them. In the case of the Cambridge bridge, the legislature, in the act authorizing t, extended'the charter of the proprietors of the Charles River Bridge, as a compensation for the erection of another bridge. This was a compensation for the tolls taken by diverting the line of travel. In none of these cases was there an appeal to prerogative, and to its all superseding powers.
The history of the Warren Bridge exhibits an .entirely different state of things. It was undertaken on different principles, and under a different temper. It began with a clamour about monopoly! It was asserted, that the public had a right to break up the monopoly which was held by the Charles River Bridge Company; that they had a right to have a fxee bridge. Applications were frequently made to the legislature on those principles and for that purpose, during five years, without success; and the bill, authorizing the bridge, when it was first passed by the legislature of Massachusetts, was rejected by the veto of the governor. When the charter was actually granted, it passed the legislature by a majority of as many members as mere were hundreds in the body.
If it had not been for the provision in the constitution of the United States,.under which the plaintiffs now ask for the protection of this Court, it is believed the law would not have been enacted. Members of the legislature consented to the law, on the ground that if it interfered with chartered rights, this Court would set it aside. The argument was, that if the law was a violation of the charter, it would be of no avail.. Thus it passed.
But since its passage, there is an appeal to the right of eminent domain to sustain it. It is said, take care! You are treading on burning embers! You are asking to interfere with the rights of the state to make rail roads, and modern improvements, which supersede those of past times by their superiority! You prevent the progress of improvements, essential to the prosperity of the community !
It would then appear that the existence of the provision of the constitution of the United States, which this Court is now called upon to apply, has been the whole cause of the injury done to the plaintiffs, by the passage of the law authorizing the Warren Bridge. But for the belief that the rights of plaintiffs wotild be restored by the appeal to that provision, .the law would not have existed.

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren -Bridge et al.]
The learned gentleman who first argued the case for the defendants, went the Whole length of asserting the power of the legislature to take away the grant, without making compensation. The other gentleman asks if the plaintiffs are not yet satisfied with exactions on the public? What are exactions? They are something unjust The plaintiffs have taken tolls for passing the bridge; but this they had a right to do by their charter.
It is said the tolls were oppressive; but is it oppression, when the right was given by the charter to take them as the stipulated income for capital laid out under the charter? It is said that the public are on one side, and the plaintiffs are on the other; that if the case is decided one way, a thousand hands will be raised, to one, should the decision be different; but this is not correct. The public sentiment, in this case, is not on one side. It is not with the defendants. The representatives of Boston, never voted for the Warren Bridge. They thought there were existing vested rights, which ought not to be disregarded. The city of Boston would have purchased the right of the Charles River Bridge, if they had been asked. The property, or stock in the bridge, was dispersed through the community; it was not a monopoly.
The honour of Massachusetts will stand unblemished in this controversy. The plaintiffs impute no dishonour to her, or to her legislature. Massachusetts only wants to know if the law in favour of the Warren Bridge, has infringed vpon the vested rights of the plaintiffs; and if this is so, she will promptly make compensation.
The plaintiffs say, the act authorizing the Warren Bridge has violated the constitution of the United States; and if this Court shall so declare, the state of Massachusetts will do full justice to those who have been injured by her authority,
The counsel for the defendants have said that the plaintiffs have sustained no loss but that of their golden prospects. They have lost all their property; a property worth three hundred thousand dollars before the new bridge was built, and now not worth thirty dollars.
The rights of the plaintiffs are no monopoly. They are the enjoyments of the property for which they had paid in advance; and which, by a contract made by the law, they were entitled to enjoy for twenty years yet to come. They are called rapacious monopclists; when they claim to hold what they have purchased. Those who have assailed this property, have taken it from' them; have

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

519

[Charles River Bridge v. Warrzn Bridge et al.)
taken 'l1 from them without compensation. Where, and wit, whom is the rapacity to be found in the transaction?
The provisions of the law of Massachusetts against monopolies, are taken from the English statutes of James the first. They were so taken, for it follows that statute in terms, and contains the same exceptions in favour of useful inventions. Thus the Massachusettslaw is the same with that of England, which has never been considered as extending to such cases as this before the-Court. The language of the law is "monopolies;" but this is a "franchise," and not a monopoly; and thus the clamour which .was raised has no application to the property of the plaintiffs in error. It is unjust, and without application.
The record presents the only questions in the case. What are they?
The original bill was filed in 1823, and after the answer of the defendants was put in, the amended bill was filed, only to put in issue the questions of law and fact, presented in the original bill.
The courts of Massachusetts proceeded in this case according to the equity rules of this Court; and this case is fully exhibited, so that the whole of the issues of law can be decided here.
The original bill founded the rights of the plaintiffs: 1st. On the act of the legislature of Massachusetts of 1785. 2d. On the purchase, by the plaintiffs, of the ferry right, which had belonged to Harvard college. 3d. On the consideration paid for the charter to build the bridge, and the prolongation of the charter for twenty years, by the act.of
1792.
The plaintiffs say the act for the erection of the Warren Bridge, violates the constitution of the United States; and that the act takes the property of the plaintiffs for public use, without*making compensation for it. They rest on their charter.
The defendants, in their answer, do not say the property has been taken for public use, but -theyrest on their charter: and they say that the legisliturc had a right to pass the act, as it does not infringe the property of the complainants.
This presents the question, whether the constitution of the United States is violated? There is no other issue made on this record.
This state of the pleadings excludes much of the matter which
has been presented by the counsel for the defendants. They do not present the question of eminent domain. The plaintiffs might have

SUPREME-COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
presented that question in the court of Massachusetts. They might liave said that their property was taken by the law, for public use; and was taken under the right of eminent domain. This would have been a Massachusetts question; and one which could not have been brought before"this Court. It is admitted that if the legislature of Massachusetts takes private property for public use, under the power of eminent domain, this Court cannot take cognizance of the case. If the case had been so put before the superior court of Massachusetts, that court could have decided that the complainants were entitled to compensation, and that the defendants were bound to make it -
It is the law of this Court, that the parties must be confined to the questions on the record. The only issue here is the question whether the defendants have infringed the rights of the plaintiffs, and have violated the constitution of the United States.
While this case was in progress through the courts of Massachusetts, and depending in this Court, it appeared that one half of the tolls of the plaintiffs' bridge was taken away. Now the whole tolls are gone! This has occurred since the Warren Bridge has become a free bridge.
The legislature of Massachusetts have given to the plaintiffs the right to the franchise of a bridge at Charlestown; and the question is, whether this is sucha right as that it can be violated or infringed? The franchise is a thing which lies in grant, and is, therefore, a contract: and if- by the charter to the Warren Bridge, it has been infringed, it comes within the prohibition of the constitution relative to contracts. The question is, whether the plaintiffs had such a franchise? This is. the only question in the record.
A preliminary objection to the right of this Court to proceed, in this case, has been .made, on the suggestion that the case is one against the state of Massachusetts; as. the state of Massachusetts is now the only party interested-in the cause, the bridge having-become hc.- property; aid it is said, against the state, this Court can grant no relief. A state cannot be brought into this Court, in a suit by individuals, or a corporation.
The state is not a party to the cause. The bill is against the persons who built the Warren Bridge; and it is from them relief is sought, and required; and those persons stand as trespassers, if the law, under which they acted, is unconstitutional. But after a suit is lawfully commenced, it goes on against all who afterwards make

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
themselves parties to it. There is no: effect on the rights of the plaintiffs by a change of this kind, as a wrong-doer cannot excuse himself by parting with his property.
The plaintiffs ask a decree against the proprietors of the Warren Bridge, John Skinner and others; and a detree is asked against no others. The question which is raised by the objection to the jurisdiction of this Court in this case, is, whethei- the Court can proceed in a case in which a state has an interest? This cannot be asserted with success. If such were the law, the exclusion of jurisdiction would extend to all cases of lands granted by the United .States; for. in cases of such grants, if no title has been given, the United States are bound to make compensation. Such a doctrine would overrule the judicial structure of the government, and prevent the administration of its most important functions.
This question has b.en-decided in this Court, in'the case Gf Osborn v. The Rank of the United -States; 9 Wheat. 857; 5 Peters' Condensed Reports, 768.
This is precisely the same question with that in the case referred to. The state of Ohio claimed the money in the hands of Osborn, as a tax on the funds of the bank of the United States, imposed by an act of the legislature of the state. The state of Massachusetts claim the tolls of the bridge, derived from a law of the state. This Court, in the case cited, expressly declare it to be one in which the state is a party. So in Fletcher v. Peck, where Georgia had declared a deed given by he state for lands, void; but the parties to the case were those on the record, although the decision directly vacated the proceedings of the legislature of Georgia, yet the Court had jurisdiction. In this case, no judgment will be pronounced against the state of Massachusetts. On these pleadings, if the constitutional question were out of the case, could any action of the Court affect the state? She is, in fact, no party in this cause. She cannot be a party to blow up a suit, and not be subjected to its final result. Suppose a state should coin money, congress would not prohibit its being done, it is prohibited by the constitution; and alaw could not do more. Could the law be carried into effect? Proceedings under it would bo brought before this Court, by an action against the agents of the state, or by a suit against the party issuing it;or makihng a contract for the money so coined. If you cannot, by a suit against an individual, question the unconstitutional acts of a party, the whole of the powers
VOL. XI.-3 U

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et aI.J of the constitution, upon its great and vital provisions fGr the preservation of the government are defeated.
It has been said, the Court can do no justice to the parties who have sought its protection, because the superior court of Massachusetts has only a limited jurisdiction in cases of equity.
It is admitted, that the equity jurisdiction of the courts of Massachusetts is limited; but it has all the jurisdiction over the subject, to which its powers extend, as any other court of equity. The law of Massachusetts gives full equity powers, to the court, in all cases which are made subject to its jurisdiction; 6 Pickering's Rep. 395. The law of 1827, gave this jurisdiction in all cases of waste and nuisance.
This bill prays for general relief. This Court may abate the nuisance, and decree a repayment of the tolls; and do all in the case, that, according to law and equity, may appertain to it. In equity, a court may enjoin against the nuisance, and deer 3e a compensation.
But all this discussion about the power of the court of Massachusetts to make a suitable decree, has no place here. This Court can, in their decree, declare, whether the act of 1828 does impair the contract of 1785. This is all the Court can do; and it is nothing to them what will be done in the case, by the court to which the case will be remanded. In conformity with the provisions of the judiciary act of 1789, this Court remands a case when further proceedings are necessary in the court from which it may have been brought; when nothing else is required in that court, this Court will give a final judgment.
In this case, the Court are bound down by the record, to the single question of the validity of the law, under which the defendants acted.
To proceed to the main questions in the caube: 1. The plaintiffs claim to set up a bridge, exclusively, between Boston and Charlestown; or, if they are not entitled to this, they claim to put down all such other bridges as interfere with the profits and enjoyments of their privileges. It is not contended that the termini iielude or exclude all within the place. Every person must keep so far off, as not to do a direct mischief to the plaintiffs' rights. The plaintiffs say, that the ferry right gave them the privilege of excluding rivals. ThaO by the charter, they have a franchise which gives them rights, which cannot be violated by the proceeding of a subsequent legislature.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

523

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridgr et a1.J
It is in vain to attempt to derive any thing from the ferry right, if it is what the defendants say it is. They say, that a ferry is a path over a-river; and that the English law relating to ferries never was in force in Massachusetts. This'position is denied by.the plaintiffs. In support of this assertion, they give a bead roll of ferries, which have been taken away; and bridges built whei they before existed. This is statement.
The law of Massachusetts has always been the common law of England. Is there any authority for.the contrary, in any of the decisions of her courts? There may be such, but it is hoped not, and it is believed not. Have the ancient fathers of the profession of the law; the Parsons, the Sedgwicks, the Danes, taught other doctrine? Has the contrary been sustained by these men; by their opinions? In the case referred to by the counsel for the defendants, a distinguished lawyer of Massachusetts allowed a ferry right according to the common law of England. Every judge in Massachusetts has held a ferry right to be an indefeasible inheritance; a vested right, like any other property. -Let us see if this is not the fact.
But before this is done, a reference will be made to acts in the early history of Massachusetts which are on the record.
There is a grant of a ferry for twenty-one years. "At generall corte held at Boston, 7th day of 8th month, 1641. It is ordered, that they, that put boats between Cape Ann and Annisquam, shall have liberty to take sufficient toale, as the court shall think meete." Is this the grant merely of a path across the river? So, also, there is a grant of an inheritance in a ferry, on condition that it shall be submitted to the general court. This grant is cotemporaneous with the grant of the ferry over Charles river. "1At a general corte of election at. Boston, the 10th of the 3d month, A. 1648. Upon certain information given to this generall corte, that there is no fferry kept upon Naponset ryver, between Dorchester and Braintree, whereby all that are to pass that way, are forced to head the river, to the great prejudice of toanes that are in those partes, and that there appears no man that wil. keepe it, unlesse he be dccommodated with house, land, and a boate, at the charge of the country: It is therefore ordered, by the authority of this corte, that Mr. John Glover shall, and hereby hath, full power given him, either to grant it to any person, or persons, for the tearme of seaven yeares,

SUPREME COURT
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
so it be not any way chargeable to the country, or else to take it himselfe and his heires, as his own inheritance forever; provided that it be kept in such a place, and at such a price, as may be most convenient for the country, and pleasant to the general courte."
In the record there is a copy of a grant of a bridge over Charles river, near Watertown; the terms of which are, on the condition of making the bridge, the tolls are granted for ever. This was in 1670.
This is the early statute law of Massachusetts. The later acts of the legislature are of the same chaiacter. The instances of such legislation were cited from 7 Pick. Rep. 446, 447, 448, 511, 521, 523. In all these cases, the judges hold the common law~of England as to ferries to be the law of Massachusetts; and that a ferry is an indefeasible interest, and a franchise and property.
Mr. Webster then stated a number of cases, in which, when a bridge had been erected in the place of an existing ferry, compensation had been made to the owners of the ferry. He insisted, that upon these authorities, a ferry was as much a property, as much the object of legal protection, as any thing known to the laws of the land.
The plaintiffs obtained their property as a purchase of some extent up and down the river. It is not required now to determine how far the purchase extended; for the rival bridge erected by the dedefendants, is alongside of the Charles River Bridge, and is an interruption to the profits derived from it. It is not necessary now to fix the limits of the franchise. That the interference is direct and certain, is not denied. Difficulties may arise hereafter in fixing these limits, bnt it is not necessary to go to a distance to establish them, before a certain, and admitted interference, shall be examined.
It is submitted, that in London no bridge has been erected over the river without compensation having been roade to those whose interests may have been injured. The evidence of this will be found in many works on the subject. Those treatises show the minute attention of the British parliament, in all cases in which private rights may-be affected by the enactment of a statute. All persons who may be interested, have notice from parliament of the application; and compensation is made, where any injury is done.
It is said, that the distinguished honour of maintaining principles which will arrest the progress of public improvements, is left to the plaintiffs in this case. This is not so. All that is asked, is, that the franchise shall be protected. Massachusetts has not made any im-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

525

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.j provement of her own, although she has subscribed liberally to those which have been undertaken by individuals and corporations. In all these cases, private rights have been respected; and except in the case now before'the Court, Massachusetts has kept her faith. Recent and previous acts by her legislature show this. In every case, but this, compensation has been made in the law, or provided for.
The plaintiffs do not seek to interrupt the progress of improvements, but they ask to stay. revolution; a revolution against the foundations 'on which property rests; a revolution which is attempted on the allegation of monopoly: we resist the clamour against legislative acts which have vested rights in individuals on principles of equal justice to the state, and to those who hold those rights under the provisions of the law.
It is true, that before the legislature the -rights of the plaintiffs were examined, and still the Warren Bridge charter was given; but the decision of a committee of the legislature was not a judicial action. The plaintiffs have a full right to come before this Court, notwithstanding their failure before the legislature.
In reply to some remarks of the counsel of'the defendants, Mr. Webster stated, that the proceedings in England under writs of ad quod damnum, did not affect private rights. The writ of ad quod. damnum issued'for the lionour of the king. It issues before a grant. is made, and for the protection of the king. Private persons may claim the protection of the law in favour of their rights, notwithstanding such a proceeding. Questions of nuisance, are alviays questions of fact, and must be- tried .by a jury; but no jury can assess the amount of injury until the facts are ascertained. These principles are sustained in 3 Black. Com. 219.
Is it the liberal construction of charters to interpret them against. the rights of individuals, against the enactments of the law? The course has been to construe them in fayour of the grantees, and to enlarge their provisions for his benefit. The whole o'f the coursC is changed, if an opposite principle is adopted, But the plaintiffs ask no more than a fair judicial construction of the law; no more is required but what they are entitled to, under a judicial interpretatior of ft.
It has been said, in the argument for the defendants, that although the holder of a franchise may maintain an action against a stranger who interferes with it, without a license; but he miay.not against one who has a license from the state. This is without authority. 'If he

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge ot al.]
can claim against a stranger, it is because of his property in the franehise,'and this will protect him in proceeding against any one. This right is complete against all, and the state can give no privilege to interfere with it.
In the case of Bonaparte v. The Camden and Amboy Rail Road Company, Mr. Justice Baldwin, sitting in the circuit court of New Jersey, iays:
"The privilege of exemption of the principal is not communicated to the agent, though the principal is a state which cannot be sued at law or in equity; and the agent, a public officer acting in execution of the law of the state, and the subject matter of the suit was moxey actually in their treasury, in the custody of the defendant for the use of the state." 1 Bald. Rep. 217.
The proprietors of the Charles River Bridge, purchased the ferry franchise from Harvard college, and it became 'their property for the purpose of erecting a bridge upon its site, with all the rights and advantages to be derived from it. It was purchased, and the consideration for it was the annual payment of the sum of two hundred pounds. This, by the charter, was to be absolutely paid; and no accident to the bridge, no deficiency of tolls, will excuse the nonpayment of the sum so stipulated to be paid.
Suppose, while the bridge was building it had been pronL.ble to use the ferry, would not the tolls havebelonged to the proprietors of' the Charles River Bridge? There is no ground to suppose the collegemeant to retai0 any thing out of the franchise. Nothing appears, which will authorize the supposition that-the state meant to take a transfer of the' franchise, or any part of it; and allowed the use of it to the bridge, to the extent of putting up the abutments, at the places where the ferry was carried on. The bridge is the successor of the college, in the franchise; the company purchased it, to its full extent, and the state, by the charter, ratified the purchase.
The erection of the bridge was an urdertaking of great hazard, and the result of the effort to construct it, was considered exceedingly doubtful. It cannot, therefore, be supposed that the franchise was to be diminished, and its enjoyment to be limited. Nothing of this is expressed, and nothing so unreasonable can be implied. It is in evidence, on the record, that the college was a party to the building of the bridge. The president stated that the college had assented to it. ,According to the course of decisions in Massachusetts, the franchise was an indefeasible inheritance. In that state, the manage-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
ment 6f ferries was with the general court. As to this franchise, from 1640, to 1785, it was respected by the local authorities of Middlesex, and Sussex. It would then appear, that it was held under a legislative grant, which transcended all other rights.
The franchise which was obtained from the college, was not extinguished by compact: "and it cannot, therefore, be disturbed by any action of the legislture.
It is deemed important, and is the truth of the case, to consider the rights of the Charles River Bridge Company, in connection with those of the college. The college had, and still have, an interest in it; and the use of the franchise by the company, is essential to all the purposes, and to more than those for which it was held by tho college. The pontage furnished by the bridge, was the substitute for the passage by the ferry; and itivas not, therefore, only for location at the place where the bridge was built, that the rights of the college were obtained. All the privileges enjoyed as a part of the ferry franchise were acquired. When the bridge was put up on the same place as the ferry had been, and for all the ends of the ferry, it is but just and reasonable, that the extent of the right shall be in the hands of the Bridge Company, equal to that which it was when held by the college.
The views which have been taken, fully show that the state of Massachusetts made, in the full and rightful exercise of her legislative powers, a grant to the proprietors of the Charles River Bridge, and the grant was a -contract. As such, by no subsequent legislation, could it be impaired: a right'vested, cannot be di rested. Cited 2 Dall. 297, 304; 9 Craneh, 52; "Green v. Bi'ddle, 8 Wheat. 1; Fletcher v. Peck, 6 Cranch, 136.
If a power of revocation exisied, it was no contract. The state cannot make such a contract; as the power of revocation is incompetent to will 'the existence' of a contract.
Can a stronger case be imagined, than that which gave rise to the controversy in Fletcher v. Peck? The contract had been made in fraud; in morals, it was just to burn it; in policy, it was equally so, as a large part of the domain of the state of Georgia was granted for no adequate consideration. But -thi Court decided in that case, that the legislature of Georgia had no power to annul the grant; and the grant was maintained by the judgment of this Court.
The difficulty in which this case is involved, and upon whiph the defendants expect success, arises from considering two things alike, which are different. The power of making public grants, because

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
the interests of the community requires they should be made, and the right of eminent domain.
Where property is taken for public purposes, compensation is given; this is the exercise of eminent domain. The legislature are not the judges of the extent of their powers; and the question now before the Court is, whether they had the power which has been exercised in this particular case.
By the act of the legislature authorizing the Warren Bridge, two injuries were done to the plaintiffs. First, by the damage they sustained from a rival bridge. Secondly, the infringement of their right of pontage. The toll had been originally granted for forty years, and this excluded rivalship. By the interruption of the receipt of their full tolls, the proprietors of the bridge sustained heavy losses; and by the erection of the Warren Bridge, now a free bridge, their beneficial right of pontage has been dcstroyed. In these, have the contract of the state of Massachusetts been broken. Thus the case is entirely within the provision of the constitution of the United States.
What is the meaning of the assertion, that in a grant by a government nothing passes by implication? How is it in grants of land? Does a patent from the United States carry less than a grant by an individual? They are the same-a grant of "land" carries "mines." The principle, that nothing passes by implication, arose in early times, when the grants, of the crown were greater than now; when they were made to favourites, and the power was abused;-and when their extravagance induced courts to restrain them to their words. Hence the insertion of "mero motu" "certa scientia." Hence the principle, that the grant of one thing shall not carry another. The doctrine that nothing can be carried by implication in a royal grant, does not apply to grants by parliament, or of franchises, 2 H. B1. 500: no case but one from 2 Barnwell and Alderson's Reports, 792, har been cited to sustain the position. That case is not authority here. But if the whole of that cae is taken together, it is in favour of the plaintiffs in this cause. T6r decision is right; although there is too much strictness in some of the opinions of lord Tenterden.
Franchises are complcx in their nature, and all that may be necessary for their enjoyment must pass with them, although things separate do not pass; wvhatever is incidient to them, does not require implication to pass such incidents. Thus the grant of the :..rr to the college, gave the right to take toll; to keep boats: cited 1 Nott and M'Cord, 393.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] It has been said, that this may be good law as to individuals, but that it will not operate in the case of a state-authorities for this position are required. If a grantee of a franchise can sustain an action against an individual, for an, injury to his property, or an interference with his property; why may he not against the grantee of the government, who thus interposes? The case is stronger against the government, than against a stranger. The government has received the consideration for the grant; and there is an implied obligation to protect the enjoyment of it. Ferries are property. They may be seized for rent; they may be-devised by will; they may be sold: and yet it is said the government may take them away from their proprietors, for their grantors. Let us see some principle which will allow such property to be taken; and which yet regards private property, and respects private rights, and public faith. The right of a ferry carries tolls; and it also carries, for its protection, the principles of justice and of law, that' the grantee may keep down injurious competition. It is vain to give him one, without the other. Both must be given, or none is given. The grant is intended as a benefit, as a remuneration for risks, and for advances of capital, not as a mere name. The ordinary means of compensation for such advances are ndt sufficient., The franchise necessarily implies exclusive and beneficial privileges. It was under this law of ferries the plaintiffs took their charter. They considered that under it they held the whole extent of the ferry franchise. There was then but one ferry between Charlestown and Boston. It had the whole ferry rights, and this they acquired; this they have paid for. If a grant refers to another grants it carries all which is contained in both. But suppose there had been no reference to any other; it would carry the same rights, and to the same e'xtent, or more. The expense of erecting a bridge, and keeping it in order, is much greater than that attending the setting up and keeping in order a ferry. The promotion of public accommodation is no reason for taking away a privilege, held under a legal grant. It cannot be done unjustly to the rights of others. These rights must be respected. The income derived from these rights shall not be diminished. Suppose the bridge had been erected, withoui an act of the legislature to authorize it; would a subsequent act protect it? .How can a grant to A be lawfully impaired, or injuriously affected by a subsequent grant
VOL. XI.-3 X

SUPREME COURT.'
fCharles River'Bridge i . Warren Bridge et al.]
to B, which interferes with the enjoyment of the prior grant? Once gianted, always granted.
What position would a judicial tribunal assume, that would construe a grarlt differently, according'to the parties to it. Can you raise an implication against it, and not do so against the government? Implication is construction-construction is meaning-and when a thing is in the deed, it is the meaning, and force, and purpose of the instrumebt. If the parties are changed, these cannot be changed. To allow another bridge to be built, was to take away the tolls of the first bridge. * In support of the position, that this Was a violation of the rights of the plaintiffs, the opinions of all the judges of the court of Massachusetts, from which the-case is brought, are appealed to. They all say, that the charter granted by the-legislature is binding on it, and cannot be impaired; and they say, that, to whatever extent the .grant goes, it must be supported; 2 Mass. Rep. 146. But the Warren Bridge does impair the charter, for it takes away the tolls. What then becomes of the reserved rights of the legislature? This is a solemn adjudication of the court of Ma~sachusetts. Then there is - no reservation.
There is implication in government grants. This has been so held in Massachusetts; 4 Mass. Rep. 522. It is also the law of this Court; Dartmouth College Case, 4 Cona. Rep. 549.
The court below held, in this case, that whatever was granted belonged to the grantee; that the ferry at Charlestown was granted to the college, and that the law of England relating to ferries, prevails in Massachusetts; that nothing can be taken for public use without com pensation; that public grants are always to b so construed as to convey what is essential to the enjoyment of the thing granted, and cannot be superseded, or the grant impaired. In support of these positions, Mr. Webster read parts of the opinions of the judges of the superior court of Massachusetts, delivered in this case.
The proposition is stated, that grants of the character of this which is held by the plaintiffs contain a power of reocation. This cannot be. Beiqg grants, they cannot be treated or considered as mere laws; being grants, they are contracts. In this case, the grant was intended to be beneficial to the grantees, and it contained a covenant that it should continue for forty, dnd afterwards for seventy years. For this a consideration was paid, and is now paid; to the public, by the large expenditure for 'constructing the bridge; to Harvard college, by the sum of two hundred pounds annually. But the legisla-

JANUARY TERM, '1837.

531

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
ture have now done every thing to make the grant unproductive; to ,deprive the holders of all advantage from- it.
Necessarily, the grant to the proprietors of the Charles River Bridge contained a guarantee of their enjoyment of the privileges contained in it. Any other construction would be against every principle upon which the rights of property, derived from public acts, rests. Suppose, after the grant of a ferry, with a right to take tolls, and th6 establishment of it by the grantee, at the expense of boats; a free ferry had been erected at the same place, or so contiguous as to. destroy the profits of the first ferry, by a ruinous competition; would this be proper? It is said that still the right to take tolls remains in the first franchise. This is true; and it is then inquired, what injury has been done? -No fianchise, it is said, is taken away; all the rights granted remain; the tolls remain.
It is true, the counsel for the defendants admit that all will pass over the free ferry; but yet they say the toll dish of the first grantees is not touched by the hands of those who have opened the. free ferry; the notice of the rates of tolls to be paid, yet'remains.
But to all this the plaintiffs oppose the simple fact. Under the plaintiffs grant of a franchise, they possess the constitutional right to keep down al competition, during the whole time of the charter.
This has been established by an unbroken chain of authorities, for many years; and this applies to all grants alike, here, as well as in England. It is a franchise; and every dollar of toll taken at the Warren Bridge, since its erection, and the temporary use as a toll
bridge, is a part of the legal and proper profits of our franehise; and thus the guarantee, conveyed in grant, (as guarantees are interpreted by the Mnssachusetts courts,) has been broken.
Mr. Webster then went into a further examination of the argument of the counsel for the defendants, and into a notice of the observations which had fallen from"them in the defence.
The plaintiffs, it is said, have received compensation enough; their profits have been already very large; they have had a reasonable compensation. This is not so. Nothing is reasonable but the fulfilment of the contract. It is not reasonable that one party. should judge for themselves, as to compensation; and depart from the terms of the contract, which is definite and plain in its meaning.
There was no extinction, it is argued, of the franchise. The answer is, that the act authorizing the second bridge expressly extends the charter, adding thirty year's to it; and recites the consideration

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
the public had received for the same. In this there is a guarantee that the state shall pass no law to impair the contract. It is not true that we can. have no property in the line of travel, if by that is meant, in the franchise granted by Gov. Winthrop and others, the right of transporting passengers from Boston to Charlestown. The. franchise is valuable, because the transportation was concentrated at the points at which the plaintiffs' bridge was erected.
The construction of the grant to us, which we demand, it is said, is not valuable. The plaintiffs say otherwise, and the issue is with this Court.
It is held up as a cause of alarm that the plaintiffs claim a perpetual right to this franchise; and that when the charter of their bridge has expired, they wiILfall back upon their claim to the ferry. We do no such thing. When that time comes, it becomes the property of the state again. Theirs then -t is, "King, Cawdor, Glamis, all!" And it were to have been wished, that the defendants could have been content to wait until that time had arrived.
The Dnalogies of the rights of a tavern, a street, a mill, &c., have been put in the course of the argument for the defence. But all these were false analogies. They were not franchb es. Not in the grant of the government.
Then there is a long argument, based on the alleged policy of Massachusetts, in regard to public highways. There is nothing, Mr. Webster argued, in the situation of such matters, in thit state, requiring the adoption of any particular line of policy. The roads are numerous and excellent; and no trouble is experienced in maintaining them so. There are no cases requiring any peculiar policy, nor any great or broad power to be exercised over them.
This particular case, formed an excepti'on to the usual caution exercised by Massachusetts, in legislating upon matters of this kind. Ever since this act passed, nay, within these two years, the legislature has granted a charter to a company for the erection of "The Hancock Free Bridge," near the West Boston bridge, from Boston to Cambridge; between that avenue and Canal bridge, lower down. The ct prescribes the width; the obligation to attend the d'raw, &c.; makes the. bridge a free one; the corporation to keep it in order, &c. For all this, -they look for their compensation in the advanced value of their contiguous property. And in this very act, that corporation are directed to make compensation to all owners of real estate, whose property is liable to injury by the erection of the said bridge; ap-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
rCharles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] praisers are to be appointed according to a mode p9inted out in the act, and if not made according to their appraisement, then by the decision of a jury of the country. And a section of the act provides that
its provisions are to be'void, if, before a certain period, the proprietors of the West Boston bridge shall sell out their bridge, according to the estimate of appraisers to be appointed by the parties. The language
is, if such proprietors, "will sell out their bridge and franchise." Now, can this be set off by metes and bounds, as required of us, in relation to our "franchise?" And so much for the "policy" and understanding of the legislature of Massachusetts, as to franchises!
Again, it is pretended and argued, that the plaintiffs have not al-
ways been uniform in the interpretation of their own rights. On the contrary, answered Mr. Webster, this same right was set up on building the bridge to the franchise*of the ferry, and was then acknowledged: and the same principle has ever since been recognised and acted upon, by the legislature, and by the plaintiffs.
And there was one other subject, which, though it had no bearing upon the case at bar whatever, had been made a great deal of, in the argument of defendants' counsel. Some observations upon it hat been advanced, by way of connecting it with the case, of so novel a kind, as to require, however, some notice. And this was, that in chartering the Warren Bridge, the legislature did but exercise its power over the eminent domain of the state. This power is decribed as being inalienable, and that the state cannot abandon it; nor by its own covenant, or grant, bind itself to alienate or transfer it in any way. That it cannot tie up iti hands in any wise, in"regard to its eminent domain.
In the course of the arguments for the defendants, one of their honours (Mr. Justice Story), had put a case to the learned counsel (Mr. Greenleaf), like the follow:ing: Suppose a rail road corporation receive a charter at the hands of the state'of Massachusetts, in which an express provision was inserted, that no other road should be granted during the duration of the charter, within ten miles of the proposed road. The road is built and opened. Did he hold, that notwithstanding that covenant, a subsequent legislature" had the" power to grant another road, within five rods of the first, without any compensation, other than the faith, thus given by their charter, of the state of Massachusetts? And the learned cnunsel had replied, that he did so say, and did so hold! This struck him, as it must have struek the Court, as most startling doctrine.

534

SUPREME COURT.

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
[Mr. Greenleaf here stated, that in such a case, the faith of the state of Massachusetts was pledged to indemnify the parties;,15y making full compensation for whatever property the state might take, and for all the injury which should be done to private rights. It would not be presumed by this Court, that the faith of the state would be broken.]
Mr. Webster proceeded to say, that the first question he wished to put, in relation to the position of the defendants' counsel, was, how can this power of eminent domain, as thus construed, be limited to the two sides, merely, of tht road,? Why should it not fall upon the road itself, and no compensation foll6w to the grantees? It is all alike part and parcel of the same "eminent domain." And so, in the case-at bar, if that power gives the right to erect another bridge beside our own, why does it not give an equal right to take the latter, also?
Eminent domain is a part of sovereignty, and resides in the sove-
reign-in the people; what portion of it is granted to the legislature, belongs to them; and what is not granted, remains with the people. Is not the power of eminent domain as well restricted as any othpr power? It is restricted by the constitution of the state, which contains a surrender.of it to the government erected by that constitution. It may be as well regulated and restrained by provisions in the constitution, as any other power originally in the people; and its exercise must be according to such provisions.
It is necessary to have a clear idea of what this same power of eminent domain actually is. What then do the counsel for the defendants mean, when they say that the state cannot transfer its eminent domain? They certainly do-not mean its domains, its territory, its lands? And here he cited the-case of the government land in the west and northwest, as a proof that that could not be the meaning of the counsel. They were the eminent domain in one sense, of the country; and in that sense the government can, and does pass them away. But the other sense was, the power, rule, dominion of the state over its territory. These two ideas must not be blended in this investigation. The power of the state over its eminent domain, means the power of government over property, public or private, under various rules and qualifications. What is meant by the government's inability to part with its eminent domain? It can part with the thing, and reserve the power over it, to the extent of those qualifications already adverted to. Taking public or private pro-

JANUARY TERM, 1S37.

535

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
for public benefit, by the state, is an exercise of the power of the state over its eminent domain. But granting a franchise is not an exercise of that power; Cited V.attel, page 173, sec. 244; page 70, sec. 45.
The legislature may grant franchises. This is done by its sovereign power. What may it do with those franchises? What pbwer has it over them after they have been granted? It may do just what it is limited to do, and nothing more. It is restrained by the same
instrument which gave it existence from doing more. The question is, what restrictions on this power are found in the
constitution of Massachusetts: and by a reference to it, the lifnitation of legislative powers will be found. The power may be exer cised by taking property, on paying for it. In-the constitutipn it is expressly declared, that property shall not be taken by the public without its being paid for.
In Baldwin's Circuit Court Reports, it is said, that it is incident to the sovereignty of every government, that it may take private property for public use; but the obligation to mnake compensation is concomitant with the right; Bonaparte v. The Camden and Amboy Rail Road Company, 1 Baldwin's Rep. 220.
How then can this ground, which has been taken for the defendants be maintained ? The whole pleadings show that the right of eminent domain was not involved in this case, when before the court of Massachusetts. It is too late now to present it. There is no allegation that the property of the plaintiffs -havebeen taken) and compensation made for it.
The defendants seem to say, that if the property of the proprietors of the Charles River Bridge has been taken under the right, of eminent domain, the case is without a remedy. But this is denied. The taking under the privilege of eminent domain, is limited-by the
provision; that compensation shall be made. Nor is it true, that the legislature may not part with a portion of its right of eminent domain. Thus, in Wilson's case, the right to tax lands in the state of New Jersey, was surrendered by the legislature. The State of New Jersey v. Wilson, 7 Cranch Rep. 164; 2 Peters' ,Con. Rep. 457.
In conclusion, Mr. Webster said, the plaintiffs have placed their reliance upon the preceddnts and authority established by this honourable Court, in the course of the last-thirty years, in support of that constitution which secured individual property against legislative assumption: and that they now asked the enlightened conscience

536

SUPREME COURT.

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
of this tribunal, if they have not sucbeeded in sustaining their complaint upon legal and constitutional grounds: if not, they must, as good citizens of this republic, remain satisfied with the decision of
the Court.

Mr. Chief Justice TANEY delivered the opinion of the Court. The questions .involved in this case are of the gravest character, and the Court have given to them the most anxious and deliberate consideration. The value of the right claimed by the plaintiffs is large in amount; and many persons may no doubt be seriously affected in their pecuniary interests hy any decision which the Court may pronounce; and the questions which have been raised as to the power of the several states, in relation to the corporations they have chartered, are pregnant with important consequences; not only to the individuals who are concerned in the corporate franchises, but to the communities in which they exist. The Court are fully sensible that it is their duty, in exercising the high powers conferred on them by the constitution of the United States, to deal with these great'and extensive interests with the utmost caution; guarding, as far as they have the power to do so, the rights of property, and at the same time carefully abstaining from any encroachment on the rights- reserved to the states. It appears, from the record, that in the year 1650, the legislature of Massachusetts, granted to the president of Harvard college "the liberty and power," to dispose of the ferry from Charlestown to Boston, by lease or otherwise, in the behalf and for the behoof of the college: and that, under that grant, the college continued to hold and keep the ferry by its lessees or agents, and to receive the profits of it until 1785. In the last mentioned year, a petition was presented to the legislature, by Thomas Russell and others, stating the inconvenience of the transportation by ferries, over Charles river, and the puolic advantages that would result from a bridge; and praying to be incorporated for the purpose of erecting a bridge in the place where the ferry between Boston ard Charlestown was then kept. Pursuant to this petition, the legislature, on the 9th of March, 1785, passed an act incorporating a company, by the name of "The Proprietors of the Charles River Bridge," for the purposes mentioned in the petition. Under this charter the company were empowered to erect a bridge, in "the place where the ferry was then kept;" ceetain tolls were granted, and the charter was limited to

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

537

[Charles R'iver Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al]
forty years, from the first opening of the bridgefor passengers; and from the time the toll commenced, until the expiration of this term, the company were to pay two hundred.pounds, annuilly, to Harvard college;, and at the expiration of the forty years the bridge was to be the property of the.commonwealth; "saving (as.the law expresses it) to the said college or university, a reasonable annual compensation, for the annual income of the ferry, which they might have received had not the said bridge been erected."
The bridge was accordingly built, and was opened for passengers on the 17th of June, 1786. In 1792, the charter was extended to seventy years, fron the opening of the bridge; and at the expiration of that time it was to belong to the commonwealth. The corporation have regularly paid to the college the annual sum of two hundred pounds,. and have performed all of the duties imposed on them by the terms of their charter.
In 1828, the legislature of Massachusetts incorporated a company by the name of "The Proprietors of the Warren Bridge," for the purpose of erecting another bridge over Chprles river. This bridge is only sixteen rods, at its commencement, on the Charlestown side, from the commencement of the bridge of the plaintiffs; and they are about fifty rods apart at their termination on the Boston side. The travelfers who pass over either bridge, proceed from Charlestown square, which receives the travel of many great public roads leading from the country; and the passengers and travellers who go to and from Boston, used to pass over the Charles River Bridge, from and through this square, before the erection of the Warren Bridge.
The Warren Biidge, by the terms of its charter, was to be surrendered to the state, as soon as the expenses of the proprietors in building and supporting it should be reimbursed; but this period was- not, in any e~rent, to exceed six years from the time the company commenced receiving toll.
When the original bill in this case was filed, the Warren Bridge
had not been built; and the bill was filed after the passage of the law, in order to obtain an injunction to prevent its erection, and for general relief. The bill, amorng other things, charged as a ground for relief, that the act for the erection of the Warren Bridge impaired the obligation of the contract between the commonwealth and the proprietors of the Charles River Bridge; and was therefore repugnant to the constitution of the United States. Afterwards, a supplemental bill was filed, stating that the bridge had then been so far
VOL. XI.-3 Y

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
completed, that it -had been opened for travel, and that divers persons had passed over, and thus avoided the payment of the toll, which would otherwise have been received by the plaintiffs. The answer to the supplemental bill admitted that the bridge had been .so' far completed, that foot passengers could pass; but denied that
any persons but the workmen and the superintendents had passed over with their consent In this state of the pleadings, the cause came on for hearing in the supreme judicial court for the county of Suffolk, in the commonwealth of Massachusetts, at November term, 1829; and the court decided that the act incorporating the Warren Bridge, did not iliair the obligation of the contract with the proproprietors of the Charles River Bridge, and dismissed the complainants' bill: and the case is brought here by writ of error from that decision. It is, however, proper to state, that it is understood that the state court was equally divided upon, the question; and that the decree dismissing the bill upon the ground above stated, was pronounced by a majority of the court, for the purpose of enabling the complainants to bring the question for decision before this Court.
In the argument here, it was admitted, that since the filing of the supplemental bill, a sufficient amount of toll had been received by the proprietors of the Warren Bridge to reimburse all their expenses. and that the bridge is now the property of the state, and has been made a free bridge; and that the value of the franchise granted to the proprietors of the Charles River Bridge; has by this means been entirely destroyed.
If the complainants deemed these Tacts material, they ought to have been brought before ihe state court, by a supplemental bill; and this Court, in pronouncing its judgment, cannot regularly notice them. But in the view which the Court take of this subject, these additional circumstances would not in any degree influence their decision. And as they are concedea to be true, and the case has been argued on that ground, and the controversy has been for a long time depending, and all parties desire a final end of it; and as it is of importance to them, that the principles on which this Court decide should not be misunderstood; the case will be treated in the opinion now delivered, as if these admitted facts were regularly before us.
A good deal of evidence has been offered to show the naure and extent of the 'ferry right granted to the'college; 'and also to show the rights clainted by the proprietors of thebridge at different times,

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

539

[Charles RiVer Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
by virtue Of their charter; and the opinions entertained by commit. tees of the legislature, and others, upon that subject. But as these circumstances do not affect the judgment of this Court, it is unnecessary to recapitulate them.
The plaintiffs in error insist, mainly, upon two grounds: 1st. That by virtue of the grant of 1650, Harvard college was entitled, in perpetuity, to the right of keeping a ferrybetween Charlestown and Boston; that this right was exclusive; and that the legislature had not the power to establish another ferry on the same line of travel, because it would infringe the rights of ihe college; and that these rights, upon the erection of the bridge in the place of the ferry, under the charter of 1785, were transferred to, and became vested in "the proprietors of the Charles River Bridge;" aid that under, and by virtue of this transfer of the ferry right, the rights of the bridge company were as exclusive in that line of travel, as the rights of the ferry, 2d. That independently of the ferry right, the acts of the legislature of Massachusetts of 1785, and 1792, by their true construction, necessarily implied that the legislature would not authorize another bridge, and especially a free one, by the side of this, and placed in the same line of travel, whereby the fraichise granted to the "proprietors of the Charles River Bridge" should be rendered of no value; and the plaintiffs in error contend, that the grant of the ferry to the college, and of the charter to the proprietors of the bridge, are both contracts on the part of the state; and that the law authorizing the erection of the Warren Bridge in 1828, impairs the obligation of one or both of these contracts.
It is very clear, that in the form in which this case comes before us; being a writ of error to a statecourt; the plaintiffs in claiming under either of these rights, must place themselves on the ground of contract, and cannot support themselves upon the principle, that the law divests vested rights. It is well settled by the decisions of this Court, that a state law may be retrospective in its character, and may divest vested rights; and yet not violate the constitutioh of the United States, unless it also impairs the obligation of a contract. In 2 Peters, 413; Satterlee v. Mathewson; this Court, in -speaking of the state law then before them, and interpreting the article in the constitution of the United States which forbids the states to pass laws impairing the obligation of contracts, uses the following language. "It (th state law) is said to be retrospective; be it so. But retrospective laws which do :iot irhpair the obligation of contracts,

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
or partake of the character of ex post facto laws, are not condemned or forbidden by any part of that instrument," (the constitution of the United States). And in another passage in the same case, the Court say; "the objection, however, most pressed upon the Court, and relied upon by the counsel for the plaintiff in error, was, that the effect of this act was to divest rights which were vested by law in Satterlee. There is certainly no part of the constitution of the "United States, which applies to a state law of this description; nor are we aware of any decision of this, or of any circuit court, which has condemned such a law, upon this ground, provided its effect be not to impair the obligation of a contract." The same principles were reaffirmed in this Court, in the late case of Watson and others v. Morcer, decided in 1834, 8 Pet. 110; "as to the first point, (say the- Court,) it is clear that this Court has no right to pronounce an act of the state legislature void, as contrary to the constitution of the United States, from .the mere fact that it divests antecedent vested rights of property. The constitution of the United. States does not prohibit the states from passing retrospective laws, generally; but onlyex post facto laws."
After these solemn decisions of this Court, it is apparent that the plaintiffs in error cannot sustain themselves here, either upon the ferry right, or the charter to the bridge; upon the ground that vested rights of property have been divested by the legislature: -And whether they claim under the ferry right, or the charter t( the bridge, they must show that the title which they claim, was acquired by contract, and that the terms of that contract, have been violated by the charter to the Warren Bridge. In other words, they must show that the state had entered into a contract with 'them, or those under whom they claim, not to establish a free bridge at the ,place where the Warren Bridge is erected. Such, and such only, are the principles upon which the plaintiffs in error, can claim relief in this case.
The nature and extent of the ferry right granted to Harvard college, in 1650, must depend upon the laws of Massachusetts; and the character and extent of this right has been elaborately discussed. at the bar. But in the view which the Court take of the case before them, it is not necessary to express any opinion on these questions. For assuming that the grant to Harvard college, and the charter to the Bridge company, were both contracts, and that the ferry right was as extensive and exclusive as the plaintiffs contend for; still they

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al4
cannot enlarge the privileges granted to the bridge, unless it can be shown, that the rights of Harvard college in this ferry-have, by assignment, or in some other way, been transferred to the proprietors of the Charles River Bridge, and still remain in existence, vested in them, to the same extent with that in which they were held and enjoyed by the college before the bridge was built.
It has been strongly pressed upon- the Court, by the plaintiffs in error, that these rights are still existing, and are now held by the proprietors of the bridge. If this franchise still exists, there must be somebody possessed of authority to use it, and to keep the ferry. Who could now lawfully set up a ferry where the old one was kept? The bridge was built in the same place, and its abutments occupied the landings of the ferry. The transportation of passengers in boats, from landing to landing, -mas no longer possible; and the ferry was as effectually destroyed, as if a convulsion of nature had made.there a passage of dry land. The ferry then, of necessity, ceased to exist, as soon as the bridge was erected; and when the ferry itself was destroyed, how can rights which were incident to it, be supposed to survive? The exclusive privileges, if they had such, must follow the fate of'the ferry, and can have no legal existence without it--and if the ferry right had been assigned by the college, in due and legal form, to the proprietors of the bridge, they themselves extinguished that right, when they erected the bridge in its place. It is not supposedby any one, that the Bridge company have a right to keep a ferry. No such right is claimed for them, nor can be claimed for them, under their charter to erect a bridge-and it is difficult to imagine how ferry rights can be held by a cqrporation, or an'individual, who have no right to keep a ferry. It is clear, that the incident must follow the fate of the principal, and the privilege connected with property, cannot survive the destruction of the-property; and if the ferry right in Harvard college was exclusive, and had been assigned to the proprietors of the bridge, the privilege of exclusion could -not temain in the hands of their assignees, if those assignees destroy6d the ferry.
But upon what ground can the'plaintiffs in error contend that the
ferry rights of the college have been transferred to the proprietors of the bridge? 'If they have been thus transferred, it must be by some mode-of transfer known to the law; and the evidence relied on to prove if, can be pointed out in the record. How was it transferred?' It is not suggested that there ever was, in point of fact, a deed of con-

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.
veyance executed by the college to the Bridge company. Is there any evidence in the record from which such a conveyance may, upon legal principle, be presumed? The testimony before the Court, so far from laying the foundation for such a presumption, repels it in the most pqsitive terms. The petition to the legislature, in 1785' on which the charter was granted, does not suggest an assignment, nor any agreement or consent on the part of the college; and the petitioners do not appear to have regarded the wishes of that institution, as by any means necessary to ensure their success. They place their application entirely on considerations of public interest and public convenience, and the superior advantages of a communication across Charles river by a bridge, instead of a ferry. The legislature, in granting the charter, show, by the language of the law, that they acted on the principles assumed by the petitioners. The preamble recites that the bridge "1will be of great public utility;" and that is the only reason they assign, for passing the law which incorporates this company. The validity of the charter is not made to depend on the consent of the college, nor of any assignment or surrender on their part; and the legislature deal with the subject, as if it were one exclusively within their own power, and as if the ferry right were not to be tiansferred to the Bridge company, but to be extinguished and they appear to have acted on the principle, that the state by virtue of its sovereign powers and eminent domain, htd a right to take away the franchise of the ferry; because, in their judgment, the
-public interest and convenience would be better promoted by ,a
bridge in the same place; and upon that principle they proceed to make a pecuniary compensation to the college, for the franchise thus *taken away: and as there is an epress reservation of a continuing pecuniary compensation to the college, when the bridge shall become the property of the state, and no provision whatever for the rgtoration of the ferry right, it is evident that no such right was intended to be reserved or continued. The ferry, with all its privileges was intended'to be forever at an end, and a compensation in money was given in lieu of it. The college acquiesced in this,arrangement, and there is proof, in the record, that it was all done with their consent. Can a deed of assignment to the Bridge company which would keep alive the ferry rights in their hands&, be presumed under such circumstances? Do not the petition, the law of incorporation, and the consent of the college to the pecuniary provision made for it in perpjetuity, all repel the notion of an assignment of its rights to the Bridge

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] company, and prove that every party to this proceeding, intended that its franchises, whatever they were, should be resumed by the state, and be no longer held by any individual, or corporation? With such evidence before us, there can be no ground for presuming a conveyance to the plaintiffs. There was no reason for such a conveyance. There was every reason against it; and the arrangements proposed 'by the charter to the bridge, could not have been carried into full effect, unless the rights of the ferry were entirely extinguished.
It is however said, that the payment of the two hundred pounds a year to the college, as provided for in the law, gives to the proprietors of the bridge an equitable claim to be treated as the assignees of their interest; and by substitution, upon chancery principles, to be clothed with all their rights.
The answer to this argument is obvious. This annual sum was intended to be paid out of the proceeds of the tolls, which the company were authorized to collect. The amount of the tolls, it must be presumed, was graduated with a view to this incumbrance, as well as to every other expenditure to which the company might be subjected, under the provisions of- their charter. The tolls weie to, be collected from the public, and it was intended that the expense of the annuity to Harvard college should be borne by the public; and it is manifest that it was so borne, from the amount which it is adnmitted they received; until the Warren Bridge was erected. Their agreement,* therefore, to pay that sum, can give them no equitable right to be regarded as the assignees of the college, and certainly can furnish no foundation for presuming a conveyance; and as the proprietors of the bridge are-neither the legal nor equitable assignees of' the college, it is not easy to perceive how the ferry franchise can be invoked in aid of their claims, if it were even still a subsisting privilege; and had not been resumed by the state, for the purpose of building a bridge.in its place.
Neither can the extent of the pre-existing ferry right, whatever it may have been, have any influence upon the construction of. the written charter forzthe bridge. It does not, by any means, 'follow, that because the legislative power in Massachusetts, in 1650, may have granted to a justly favoured seminary of learning, the exclusive right of ferry between Boston and Charlestown, they would, in 1785, give the 'same extensive privilege to another corporation, who were about to erect a bridge in the same place. The fact that such a right

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Waren Bridge et al.]
was granted to the college, cannot *byany sound rule of construction, be used to extend the privileges of the Bridge company beyond what the words of the charter naturally and -legally import. Increased population longer experienced in legislation, the dikerent character of the corporations which owned the ferry from that which owned the bridge, might well have induced a change in the policy of the state in this respect; and as the franchise of the ferry, and that of the bridge, are different in their nature, and were each established by separate grants, which have no words to connect the privileges of the,one with the privildges of the other; there is no rule of legal interpretation, which would authorize the Court to associate these grants together, and to infer that any privilege was intended to be given to the Bridge company, merely because it had been conferred on the ferry. The charter to the bridge is a written instrument which must speak for itself, and be interpreted by its own terms.
This brings us to the act of the legislature of Massachusetts, of
1785, by which'the plaintiffs were incorporated by the name of "'The Proprietors of the Charles River Bridge;" and it is here, and in the law of 1792, prolonging their charter, that we must look for the extent'afid nature of the franchise conferred upon the plaintiffs.
"Much has been said in the argument of the principles of construetion by which this law is to be expounded, and what undertaki-gs, on the part of the- state, may be implied. The Court think there can be no serious difficulty on that head. It is the grant of certain franchises by the public to a private corporation, and in a matter where the public interest is concerned. The rule of construction in such cases is well settled, both in England, and by the decisions of our own tribunals. In 2 Barn. & Adol. 792, in the case of the Proprietors of the Stourbridge. Canal against Wheely and others, the court'say, "the canal having been made under an act of parliament, the rights of the plaintiffs are derived entirely from that act.- This, like many other cases, is a bargain between a company of adventurers and the public, the terms of which are e3;pressed in the statute; and the rule of construction in all such cases, is now fully established to be this; that any ambiguity in the terms of the contract, ..must operate against the adventurers, and in favour of the pubhc, and the plaintiffs can claim nothing that is not clearly given them by the-act." And the doctrine thus laid down is abundantly sustained by the authorities referred to in this decision. The case itself Was as strong a one, as could well be imagined, for giving to the

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

545

,[Charles River Bridge v. Warreri Bridge et al.) canal company, by implication, a right to the tolls they demanded. Their canal had been used by the defendants, to a very considerable extent, in transporting large quantities of coal. The rights of all persons to navigate the canal, were expressly secured by the act of parliament; so that the company could not prevent them from using it, and the toll demanded was admitted to be reasonable. Yet, as they only used one of the levels of the canal, and did not pass through the locks; and the statute, in giving the right to exact toll, had given. it for articles which passed "through any one or more of the locks," and had said nothing -s to toll for navigating one of the levels; the court held that the right to demand toll, in, the latter case, could not be implied, and that the company were not entitled to recover it. This was a fair case for an equitable construction of the act'of iicorporation, and for an implied grant; if such a rule of constructi6n could ever be permitted in a law of that description. For the canal had been made at the expense of the company; the defendants had availed themselves of the fruits of their labours, and used the canal freely and extensively for their own profit. . Still the right to exact toll could not be implied, because such -a privilege was not found in the charter.
Borrowing, as we have done, our system of jurisprudence from the English law; and having adopted, in every other case, civil and criminal, its rules for the construction of statutes; is there any thing iii our local situation, or in the nature of our political institutions, which should lead us to depart from .the principle where corporations are concerned? Are we to apply to acts of incorporation, a rule of constructioi differing from that of the English law, and, by implication, make the terms of a charter in one of the states, more. unfavourable to the public, than upon an act of parliament, framed in the same words, would be sanctioned in an English court? Can any good reason, be assigned for excepting this particular class of cases from the operation of the general principle; and for introducing a new and adverse rule of construction in favour of corporations, while we adopt and adhere to the rules of construction known to the English common law, in every other case, without exception? We think iiat; and it would present a singular spectacle, if, while the courts in England are rdstraining, within the strictest limits, the spirit of monopoly, and exclusive privileges in nature of monopolies, and confining corporations to the privileges plainly given to them in their charter; the courts of this country should be found enlarging
VOL. XI.-3 Z

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. V arren Bridge et al.] these privileges by implication; and construing a statute more unfavourably to the public, and to the rights of the community, than would be done in a like case in an English court ofjustice.
But we are not now left to determine, for the first time, the rules by which public grants are to be construed in this country. The subject has already been considered inthis Court; and the rule of constrdctibn, above stated, fully established. In the case of the United States v. Arredondo, -8 Pet. 738, the leading case.4 upon this subject are collected together by the learned judge who delivered the opinion of the Court; and the principle recognised, that in grants by'the public, nothing passes by implication.
The rule is still more clearly and plainly stated in the case of Jackson v. Lamphire, in 3 Pet. 289. That was a grant of land by the staie; and in speaking of this doctride of implied covenants in grants by the state, the Court use the following language, which in strikingly applicable to the case at bar:-- -' The only contract made by the state, is the grant to John Cornelius, his heirs and assigns, of the land in question, The patent contaips no covenant to do, or not to do any further act in relatiop- to the land; and we do not feel ourselves at liberty, in this case, to create one by implication. The state has not, by this act, impaired the force of the grant; it does not profess or attempt to take the land from the assigns of Cornelius, and give it to one not claiming under him; neither does the award produce that effect; the grant remains in full force the property conveyed is held by his grantee, and the state asserts no claim to it."
The s.me rule of construction is also stated in the case of Beatty v. The Lessee of Knowles, 4 Pet. 168; decided in this Court in 1830. In delivering their opinion in that case, the Court say:-" That a corporation is strictly limited to the exercise of those powers which are specifically conferred on it, will not be denied. The exercise of the corporate franchise being restrictive of individual rights, cannot be extended beyond the letter and spirit of the act of incorporation."
But the case most analogous to this, and in which the question ,came more directly before the Court, is the case of the Providence Bank v. Billings & Pittmann, 4 Pet. 514; and which was decided in 1830. In that case, it appeared that the legislature of Rhode Islafid had-chartered the bank, in the usual form of such acts of incorporation. The. charteri contained no stipulation on the part of the state, that it would not impose a tax on the bank, nor any reservation of the right to do so. It was silent on this point. Afterwards, a law

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

547

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] was passed, imposing a tax on all banks in the state; and the right to impose this tax was resisted by the Providence Bank, upon the ground, that if the state could impose a tax, it might tax so heavily as to render the franchise of no value, and destroy the institution; that the charter was a contract, and that a power which may in effect destroy the charter is inconsistent with it, and is impliedly renounced by granting it. But the Court said that the taxing power was of vital importance, and essential to the existence of government; and that the relinquishment of such a power is never to be assumed. And in delivering the opinion of the Court, the late Chief Justice states the principle, in the following clear and emphatic. language. Speaking of the taxing power, he says, If as the whole community is interested in retaining it undiminished, that community has a right to insist that its abandonment ought not to be presumed, in a case in which the deliberate purpose of the state to abandon it does not appear." The case now before the Court, is, in principle, precisely the same. It is a charter from a state. The act of incorporation is silent in relation to the contested power. The argument in favour of the proprietors of the Charles River Bridge, is the same, almost in words, with that used by the Providence bank; that is, that the power claimed by the state, if it exists, may be so used as to destroy the value of the franchise they have granted to the corporation. The argument must receive the same answer; and the fact that the power has been already exercised so as to destroy the value of the franchise, cannot in any degree affect the principle. The existence of the power does not, and cannot depend upon the circumstance of its having been exercised or not.
It may, perhaps, be said, that in the case of the Providence Bank, this Court were speaking of the taxing power; which is of vital importance to the very existence of every government. But the object and end of all government is to promote the -happiness and prosperity of the community by which it is established; and it can never be assumed, that the government intended to diminish its power of accomplishing the end for which it was created. And in a country like ours, free, active, and enterprising, continually advancing in numbers and wealth; new channels of communication are daily found necessary, both for travel and trade; and are essential to the comfort, convenience, and prosperity of the people. A state ought never to be presumed to surrender this power, because, like the taxing power, the whole community have an interest in pre-

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v..Warren. Bridge et al] serving it undiminished. And when a corporation alleges, that a state has surrendered for seventy- years, its power of improvement and public accommodation, in a great and important line of travel, along which a vast number of its citizens must daily pass; the community have. a right to insist, in"the. language of this Court above quoted, "that its abandonment ought not to be presumed' in a case, in which the deliberate purpose of the state to abandon it does not appear." The continued existence of a government would be of no great value, if by implications and presumptions, it was disarmed of the powers necessary to accomplish the ends of its creation; and the functions it was designed to perform, transferred to the hands of privileged -corporations. The rule of construction announced by the Court, was not confined to the taxing power; nor is it so limited in the opinion delivered. On the .contrary, it was distinctly placed on the ground that the interests of the community were 'concerned, in preserving, undiminished, the power then in question; and whenever any power of the state is aid to be surrendered or diminished, whether it be the'taxing power or any other affecting the public interest, the same principle applies, and the rule of construction must be the same. No one will question that the interests of the great body of the people of the state, would, in this instance, be affected by the surrender of this great line of travel to a single corporation, with' the right to exact toll, and exclude competition for seventy years. While the rights of private property are sacredly guarded, we must not forget that the community also have rights, and that the happiness and well being of every citizen depends on their faithful preservation.
Adopting the rule of construction above stated as the settled one, we proceed to apply it to the charter of 1785, to the proprietors of the Charles River Bridge. This act of incorporation ii in the usual form, and the privileges such as are commonly given to corporation of that kind. It confers on them the ordinary faculties of a corporation, for the purpose of building the bridge; and establishes certain rates of toll, which the company are authorized to take. This is the whole, grant. There is no exclusive privilege given to them over the waters of Charles river, above or below their bridge. No right to erect another bridge themselves, nor to prevent other persons from erecting one. No engagement from the state, that another shall not be erected; and no undertaking not to sanctioii com-' petition, nor to make improvements that may diminish the amount of its income. Upon all these subjects the charter is silent; and no-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge-v. Warren Bridge et al.]
thing is said in it about a line of travel, so much insisted on in the argument, in which they are to have exclusive privileges. No words are used, from which an intention to grant any of these rights can be inferred. If the plaintiff is entitled to them, it must be implied, simply, from the nature of the grant; and cannot be inferred from the words by which the grant is made.
The relative position of the Warren Bridge has already been described. It does not interrupt the passage over the Charles.River Bridge, nor make, the way to it or from it less convenient. None of the faculties or franchises granted to that corporation, have been revoked by the legislature; and its right to take the tolls granted by the charter remains unaltered. In short, all the franchises and rights of property enumerated in the charter, and there mentioned to have been granted to it, remain unimpaired. But it- income is destroyed by the Warren Bridge; which, being free, draws off the passengers and property which would have gone over it, and renders their franchise of no value. This is the gist of the complaint. For it is not pretended, that the erection of tha Warren Bridge would have done them any injury, or iii any degree affected their right of property;, if it had not diminished the amount of their tolls. In order then to entitle themselves to relief, it is necessary to show, that the legislature contracted not to do the act of which they complain; and that 'they impaired, or in"other words, violated that contract by the erection of the Warren Bridge.
The inquiry then is, does the charter contain such a contract on the part of the state? Is there any such stipulation to be found in that. instrument? It must be admitted on all hands, that there is noneno words that even relate to another bridge, or to the diminution of their tolls, or to the line of travel. -If a contract on that subject can be gathered from the charter, it must be by implication; and cannot be found in the words used. Can such an agreement be implied? The rule of construction before stated is an answer to the question. In charters of this description, no rights are taken from the public, or given to the corporation, beyond those which the words of the charter, by their natural and proper construction, purport to convey. There are no words which import such a contract as the plaintiffs in error contend for, and none can *be implied; and the same answer must be given to them that was given b- this Court to the Providence Bank. The whole community are interested in this inquiry, and they have a right to require that the power of promoting their

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] comfort and convenience, and of advancing the public prosperity, by providing safe, convenient, and cheap ways for the transportation of produce, and the purposes of travel, shall not be construed to iave been surrendered or diminished by the state; unless it shall appear by plain words, that it was intended to be done.
But the case before the Court is even still stronger against any such implied contract, as the plaintiffs in error contend for. The Charles River Bridge was completed in 1786. The time limited for the duration of the corporation by their original charter, expired in 1826. When, therefore, the law passed authorizing the erection of the Warren Bridge, the proprietors of Charles River Bridge held their corporate existence under the law of 1792, which extended their charter for thirty years; and the rights, privileges, and franchises of the company, must depend upon the construction of the last mentioned law, taken in connection with the act of 1785.
The act of 1792. which extends the charter of this bridge, incorporates another company to build a bridge over Charles river; furnishing another communication with Boston, and distant only between one and two miles from the old bridge.
The first six sections of this.act incorporate the proprietors of the West Boston Bridge, and define the privileges, and describe the duties of that corporafion. In the seventh section there is the' following recital: "And whereas the erection of Charles River Bridge was a work of hazard-and public utility, and another bridge in the place of West Boston bridge may diminish the enioluments of Charles River Bridge; therefore, for the encouragement of ent~rprise," they proceed to extend the charter of the Charle River Bridge, and to continue it for the term of seventy years from the day the bridge was completed; subject to the conditions prescribed in the original act, and to be entitled to the same tolls. It appears, then, that by the same act that extended this charter, the legislature established another bridge, which they knew would lessen its profits; and this, too, before the expiration of the first charter, and only seven years after it was granted; thereby showing, that the state did not suppose that, by the terms it had used in the first law, it had deprived itself of the power of making such public improvements as might impair the profits of the Charles River Bridge; and from the language used in the clauses of the law by which the'charter is extended, it would seem, that the legislature were especially careful' to exclude any inference that the extension was made upon the ground of corn-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
promise with the Bridge Company, or as a compensation for righfS impaired.
On the contrary, words are cautiously employed to exclude that conclusion; and the -extension is declared to be granted as a reward for the hazard they had run, and "for the encouragement of enterprise.'4 The extension was given because the company had under,taken and executed a work of doubtful success; and the improvements which the legislature then contemplated, might diminish the emoluments they had expected to receive from it. It results from this statement, that the legislature in the very law extending the charter, asserts its rights to authorize improvements over Charles river which would take off a portion of the travel from this bridge and diminish its profits; and the Bridge Company accept the renewal thus given, ana thus carefully connected with 'this assertion of the right on the part of the state. Can they, when holding their corporate existence under this law, and deriving their franchises altogether from it; add to the privileges expressed in their charter an implied agreement, which is in,direct conflict with a portion of the law from which they derive their corporate existence? Can the legislature be presumed to have taken upon themselves an implied obligation, contrary to its own acts and declarations contained in the same law? It would be difficult to find a case justifying such an irnplication, even between individuals; still less will it be found where sovereign rights are concerned, and where the interests of a whole community would be deeply affected by such an implication. It would, indeed, be a strong exertion of judicial power, acting upon its own views of what justice required, and the parties ought to have done; to raise, by a sort of judicial coercion, an implied contract, and infer it from the nature of the very instrument in which the legislature appear to have taken pains to use words which disavow and repudiate any intention, on the part of the state, to make such a contract.
Indeed, the practice and usage of almost every state in the Union, old enough to have commenced the work of internal improvement, is opposed to the doctrine contended for on the part of the plaintiffs in error. Turnpike roads have been made in succession, on the same line of travel; the later ones interfering materially with the profits of the first. These corporations have, in some instances, been utterly ruined by the introduction of newer and better modes of transporta.tion, and travelling. In some cases, rail roads have rendered the turnpike roads on the same line of travel so entir sly useless, that the

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Brigge et al.]
franchise of the turnpike corporation is not worth preserving. Yet in none of these cases have the corporations supposed that their privileges were invaded, or any contract violated on the part of the state. Amid the multitude of cases which have occurred, and have been daily occurring for the last forty or fifty years, this is the first instance in which such an implied contract has been contended for, and this Court called upon to infer it from an ordinary act of incorporation, containing nothing more than the usual stipulations and provisions to be found in every such law. The absence of any such controversy, when there must have been so many occasions to give rise to it, proves that neither states, nor individuals, nor corporations, ever imagined that such a contract could be implied from such charters. It shows that the men who voted for these laws, never imagined that they were forming such a contract; and if we maintain that they have made it, we must create it by a legal fiction, in opposition to the truth of the fact, and the obvious inte.ition of the party. We cannot deal thus with the rights reserved to the states; and br ,legal intendments and nfere technical reasoning, take away from them any portion of that power over their own internal police and improvement, which is so necessary to their well being and prosperity.
And what would be the fruits of this doctrine of implied contracts on the part of the states, and of property in a line of travel by a corporation, if it should now be sanctioned by this Court? To what results would it lead us? If it is to be found in the charter to this bridge, the same process of reasoning must discover it, in the various acts which have been passed, within the last forty years, for turnpike companies.- And what is to be the extent of the -privileges of exclusion on the different sides of the road? The counsel who have so ably argued this case, have not attempted to.define it by any certain boundaries. How far. must the new improvement be distant from the old one? How near may you approach without invading its rights in the privileged line? If this Court should establish the principles nbw contended for, what is to become of the numerous rail roads established on the same line of travel with turnpike companies; and which have rendered the franchises of the turnpike 'corporations of no value? Let it once be understood that such charters carry with them these implied contracts, and give this un]-nown and undefined property in a l'ne of travelling; and you will soon find the old turnpike corporations awakening from their sleep, and calling

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al]
upon this Court to put down the improvements which have taken their place. The millions of property which have been invested in rail roads and canals, upon lines of travel which had been before oc-. cupied by turnpike corporations, will be put in jeopardy. We shall be thrown back to the improvements of the last century, and obliged to stand still, until the claims of the old turnpike corporations shall be satisfied; and they shall consent to permit these states to avail themselves of the lights of modern science, and to partake of the benefit of those improvements which are now adding to the wealth and prosperity, and the convenience and comfort, of every other part of the civilized world. Nor is this all. This Court will find itself compelled to fix, by some arbitrary rule, the width of this new kind of property in a line of travel; for if such a right of property exists, we have no lights to guide us in marking out its extent, unless, indeed, we resort to the old feudal grants, and to the exclusive rights of ferries, by prescription, between towns; and are prepared to decide that when a turnpike road from one town to another, had been made, no rail road or canal, between these two points, could afterwards be established. This Court sre not prepared to sanction principles which must lead to such results.
Many other questions, of the deepest importance, have been raised and elaborately discussed in the argument. It is not necessary, for the decision of this case, to express our opinion upon them; and the Court deem it proper to avoid volunteering an opinion on any question, involving the construction of the constitution, where the case itself does not bring the question directly before them,, and make it their duty to decide upon it.
Some questions, also, of a purely technical character, have been nade and argued, as to the form of proceeding and the right to relief. But enough appears on the record to britig out the great question in contest; and it is the interest of all parties concerned, that the real controversy should be settled without further delay: and as the opinion of the Court is pronounced on the main question in dispute here, and disposes of the whole case, it is altogether unnecessary to enter upon the examination of the forms of proceeding, in which the pirties have brought it before the Court.
The judgment of the supreme judicial court of the commonwealth of Massachusetts, dismissing the plaintiffs' bill, must, therefore, be afflimed, with costs.
VOL. XI.-4 A

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] Mr. Justice M'LEAN. This suit in chancery was commenced in the supreme court of Massachusetts, where the bill'was dismissed by a decree, pro forma, the members of that court being equally divided in opinion; and a writ of error was taken to this Court, on the ground, that the right asserted by the complainants, and which has been violated under the charter of the respondents, is protected by a special provision in the federal constitution. The complainants' right isfounded on an act of the legislature.of Massachusetts, passed March 9th, 1735; which incorporated certain individuals, and authorized them to erect a bridge over Charles river, a navigable stream between Boston and Charlestown, and an amendatory act, passed in 1791, extending the charter thirty years. As explanatory of this right, if not the ground on which it in part xests, a reference is made to an ancient *ferry, over the same river, which was held by Harvard college; and the right of which was transferred, it is contended, in equity, if not in law, to the Bridge Company. The wrong complained of, consists in the construction of a new bridge, over the same river; under a recent, act of the legislature, within a few rods of the old one, and which takes away the entire profits of the old bridge. The act to establish the Charles River Bridge required it to be constructed within a limited time, of certain dimensions, to be kept in repair, and to afford certain specified accommodations. to the public. The company were authorized to charge certain rates of toll; and they were required to pay, annually, two hundred pounds to Harvard college. The first charter was granted for forty years. The' facts proved in the case show that a bridge of the description required by the act of 1785, was constructed within the time limited; that the annual peyment has been made to the college; and that, in every other respect, the corporation has faithfully performed the conditions and duties enjoined on it. It is contended that the charter granted to the respondents, violates the obligation of that which had been previously granted to the complainants; and that, consequently, it is in conflict with that provision of the constitution which declares, that no "state shall pass any law impairing the obligation of tontracts."
In the investigation of this case, the first inquiry which seems na-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

555

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et a.]
turally to arise is as to the nature and extent of the right asserted by the complainants.
As early as the yea 1631; a ferry was establi hed across Charles river by the colonial government of Massachusetts Bay. In 1640,. the general court say, "that the ferry is granted to the 'college." From this time the profits of the ferry were received by the college, and it was required by various statutes, under certain penalties, to keep certain boats, &c., for the accommodation of the public. This duty was performed by the college; and it continued to occupy the ferry until the Charles River Bridge was constructed.
From the above act of the general court, and others which have been shown, and the unmolested use of the feiry for more than one hundred and forty years, by the college, it would seem, that its right to this use had received all the sanctions necessary to con-, stitute a valid title. If the right was not founded strictly on prescription, it rested on a basis equally unquestionable.
At the time this ferry was established, it was the only public communication between Boston and Charlestown. These places, and especially the latter, were then small; and no greater accommodation was required than was afforded by the ferry. -Its franchise was not limited, it is contended, to the ferry ways; but extended to the whole line of travel between the two towns.
iltcannot be very material to inquire whether this ferry was originally public or private property; or whether the landing places were vested in the college, or their use only, and .the profits of the ferry. The beneficial interest in the ferry was held by the college, and-it received the tolls.
The regulation of the ferry, it being a matter of public concern, belonged to the government. It prescribed the number of boats to be kept, and the attendance necessary to be given; and on a failure to comply with these requisitions, the college would have been subjected to the forfeiture of the franchise, and the other penalties provided by statute.
Was this right of ferry, with all its immunities, transferred to the
Charles River Bridge Company? It is not contended that there is any express assignment of this
right by deed or otherwise; but the complainants claim that the evidence of the transfer is found in the-facts of the case. Before the charter was granted, the college was. consulted on the subject; so soon'as the bridge was constructed, the use of the ferry ceased;

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge y. Warren Bridge et al.)
and the college has iegularly received from the complainants the annuity of two hundred pounds. This acquiescence, it is contended, taken in coilnection'with the other facts in the case, goes to establish the relinquishment of the right to the ferry for the annual compensation required-to be paid under the charter.
That there was a substitution of the bridge for the ferry, with the consent of the college, is evident; but there seems to have, been no assignment of the rights of the ferry. The original bridge charter was granted for forty years; at the expiration of which period, the property of the bridge was to revert to the commonwealth, "saving to*the college a reasonable and-annual compensation for the annual income of the ferry, which they might have received, had not said bridge been erected."
Had the bridge been destroyed by fire or otherwise, there was no investiture of right to the ferry in the complainants,* that would have enabled them to keep up the ferry, and realize the profits of it.
On the destruction of the bridge, the college, it is presumed, might have resumed all the rights and responsibilities attached to the ferry. At least, it is very clear, that these rights and responsibilities would not have devolved on the complainants. They stipulated to afford a different,accommodation to the public. If then these rights could not have been claimed and exercised by the complainants, under such circumstances; how can they be considered as enlarging, or in any way materially affecting the franchise under the charter of 1785?
That the franchise of a ferry at common law, and in the state of Massachusetts, extends beyond the landing places, is very clear from authority. 10 Petersdorf, 53; 13 Vin. 513; Willes' Rep. 512, note; 12 East, 330; 6 Barn. & Cres. 703; Year Book, Hen. 6, 22; Rolles' Ab. 140; Fitz. 428. n; Com. Digest, Market, C. 2; Piscary, B. Action on the Case, A; 3 Blk. 219; Nott &M'Cord,. 387; 2 Saund. 172; 6 Mod. 229; 2 Vent. 344; 3 Levinz. 220; Com. Dig. Patent, F. 4,5, 6, 7; 2 Saund. 72, n. 4; 2 Inst. 406; Chit.,Pre. 12 chap. 3; 10 chap.- 2; 3 Salk. 198; Willes, 512; 4 Term, 666; Saund. 14; Croke, E. 710.
The annuity given to the college was a compensation for the profits of the ferry; and Shows a willingness by the college to suspend its rights to the ferry, durifig the time specified in the act. And if indeed jt might be construed into an abandonment of the ferry, still it wias an abandonment to the public, on the terms, specified, for a better accommodation.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
The bridge was designed not only to answer all the purposes of the ferry, but to enlarge the public convenience. - The profits contemplated by the corporators, were not only those which had been realized from the ferry, but such as would arise from the increased facilities to the public.
If there was no assignment of the ferry franchise to the complainants, its extent cannot be a matter of importance in this investigation: nor is it necessary to inquire, into the effect of an assignment, under the circumstances of the case, if ithad been made.
There is no provision in the act of incorporation vesting the company with the privileges of the ferry. 'A reference is made to it merely with the view of fixing the site of the bridge. The right and obligations of the complainants must be ascertained by the construction of the act of 1785.
This act must be considered in the light of a contract, and tlhe law of contracts applies to it. In one sense it is a law, having passed through all the forms of legislation, and received the necessary sanctions; but it is essentially a contract, as to the obligations. imposed by it, and the privileges it confers.
Much discussion has been-had at the bar, as to the rule of construing a charter or grant, and many authorities have been referred to on this point. In ordinary cases, a grant is construed favourable to the grantee, and against the grantor. But it'is.contended, that in governmental grants, nothing is taken by implication.
The broad rule, thus laid down, cannot be sustained by authority. If an office be granted by name, all the immunities of that office are taken by implication. Whatever is essential to the enjoyment of the thing granted, must be taken by implication. And this rule holds good, whether the grant emanate from the royal prerogative of the king in England, or under an act of legislation in this country.
The general, rule is, that "1a grant of the king, at the suit of the grantee, is to be construed most beneficially for the king, and most strictly against the grantee;" but grants obtained as a matter of special favour of the king, or on a consideration, are more licerally construed. Grants of limited political powers are construed strictly. Corn. Dig. tit. Grant, E. 5; 2 Dane's Ab. 683; 1 Nott & M-Cord, Stark v. M'Gowan; Pop. 79; Moore, 474; 8 Coke, 92; 6 Barn. & Cres. 703; 5 lb. 875: 3 M. & S. 247; Hargrave, IS to 23; Angel on Tide Water, 106, 7; 4 Burr. 2161; 4 Durn. & East. 439; 2 Bos.

SUPREME COURT.
[Chatles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] & Pul. 472; 1 Term, 669; 1 Con. Rep. 382; 17 Johns. 195; 8 M. & S. 247; 6 Mass. 437; 1 Mass. 231; 17 Mass. 289; Angel, 108; 4
Mass. 140, 522; Bac. Pre. T. 2; Plow. 336, 7; 9 Coke, 30; 1 Vent. 409; Croke J. 179; Dyer, 30; Saville, 132; 10 Coke, 112; Com. Dig. Gtant, 9, 12; Bar. tit. Prerog. 2; 5 Barn. & Cres. 875; 1 Mass. 3515.
Where the legislature, with a view of advahcing the public interest by the constiuction of a bridge, a turnpike road, or any other work .of public ,tjlity, grants a charter, no reason is perc6ived why such a charter should not be construed by the same rule that governs contracts between individuals.
The public, through their agent, enter into the contract with the company; and a valuable consideration is received in the construction of the contemplated improvement. This consideration is paid by the company, and sound policy requires, that its rights should be ascertained and protected, by-the same rules as are applied to private contracts.
In the argument, great reliance was placed on the case of the Stourbridge Canal v. Whee]ey and others; 2 Barn. & Ald. 792.
The question in this case was, whether the plaintiffs had a right to charge toll in certain cases; and lord Tenterden said, "the canal having been made under the provisions of an act of parliament, the rights of the plaintiff are derived entirely from that act. This, like many other leaseg, is a bargain between a company of adventurers, and the public, the terms of which are expressed in the statute; and: the rule of construction in all such cases, is now fully established to be- this-that any ambiguity in the terms of the contract must operate against the adventurers, and in favour of the public; and the plaintiffs can claim nothing, which is not clearly given to them by the act."
This is relied on to show, that nothing is taken, under such a grant, by implication or inference. His lordship says, the right must he clearly giyen-he does not say expressly given, which would preclude-all inference. In another part of the same opinion, his lordship says, "Now it is quite certain that the company have no right, expressly given, to receive any compensation, except the tonnage paid for goods carried through some of the locks on the- canal, or the collateral cuts; and it is therefore incumbent upon them to show that they have a right, clearly given by inference, from some of the

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
other causes." May this right be shown by inference; and is not this implication?
. The doctrine laid down in this case, is simply this; that the right to charge the toll, must be given expressly, or it must be clearly made out by inference. Does not this case establish the doctrine of implication, as applied to the construction of grants? Is not the right to pass by-laws incident to a corporation? A right cannot be claimed by a corporation, under ambiguous terms. It must clearly appear to have been granted, either in express terms, olbry inference, as stated by lord Tenterden.
A corporate power to impose a tax on the land of the company, as considered in the case of Beatty v. The Lessee of Knoel'es, 4 Peters, 168, must, in its nature, be strictly construed; and so in all cases where corporate powers, in the nature of legislation, are exercised. In that case, the directors were authorized to impose a ,tax under certain circumstances; and the Court held that ihey had no power to impose the tax under-other circumstances.
Charles river being a navigable stream, any'obstructions to its navigation, by,the erection of a bridge, or any other work, wouid have been punishable, unless authorized by law.
By the act,of 1785, the complainants were authorized to build the bridge, elect their officers, &c. and charge certain rates of toll. The power to tax'passengers, was the consideration on which the expense of building the bridge, lighting it, &c. and keeping it in repair, was incurred. The grant then of tolls, was the essential part of the franchise.
That course of reasoning which would show the consideration to consist in any thing short of this power to tax, and the profit arising therefrom, is too refined for practical purposes. The builders of the bridge had no doubt a desire to increase the public accommodatioji: but they looked chiefly to a profitable investment of their funds; and that part of the charter which secured this object, formed the consideration on which the work was performed.
But it is said, there was no exclusive right given; and that consequently the legislature might well cause another bridge to be built, whenever, in their opinion, the public convenience required it.
On the other hand, it is insisted that tUe franchise of the bridge was as extensive as that of the ferry; and that the grant of this franchise having been made by the legislature, it had no power to grant a part of it to the new bridge.

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
That this part of the cast presents considerations of great importance, and of-much difficulty, cannot be denied. To inquire into the validity of a solemn act of legislation is at all times a task of much delicacy; but it is peculiarly so, when such inquiry is made by a federal tribunal, and relates to the act of a state legislature. There are cases, however, in the investigation of which such an inquiry becomes a duty; and then no court can shrink, nor desire to shrink from its performanc- Under such circumstances, this duty will always be performed with the high respect due w, a branch of the government, which, more than any other, is clotned with discretionary powers, and influenced by the popular will.
The right granted to the Charles River Bridge Company, is, in its nature, to a certain extent, exclusive; but to measure this extent, .presents the chief difficulty. If the boundaries of this right could be clearly 'established, it would scarcely be contended by any one, that the legislature could, without compensation, grant to another company the whole or any part of it.
As well might it undertake to grant a tract of land, although an operative grant had been previously made for the same land. In such a case the second grant would be void, on the ground that the legislature had parted with the entire interest in the premises. As agent of the public it had passed the title to the first grantee; and having done so, it could convey no right by its second grant.
The principle is the same in regard to the question under consideration. If the franchise granted io the complainants extended beyond the new bridge; it was as much above the power of the legislature to make the second grant, as it would be to grant a part of a tract of land for which a patent had been previously and regularly issued,
The franchise, though incorporeal in legal contemplation, has body and extension; and having been granted, is not less scrupulously guarded by the. principles - of law than an interest in the soil. It is a substantive right in law, and can no more be resumed by the legislature, when once granted, than any other right.
But would it not be unsafe, it is suggested, for the judicial authority to interpose and limit this exercise of legislative discretion?
The charter of the Warren Bridge, it is said, was not hastily granted; that all the circumstances of the case, year after year, were. duly examined by the legislatute; and at last the act of incorporation was passed, because, in the judgment of the legislature, the public

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

561

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
accommodation required it; and it is insisted that the grant to the complainants was necessarily subject to the exercise of this discretion.
It'is undoubtedIy the province of the legislature to provide for. the public exigencies, and the utinost respect is always due to their acts; and the validity of those acts can only be questioned judidially, where they infringe Upon private ights. At the time the Charles River Bridge was built, the population of Boston and Charlestown was small in comparison with their present numbers; and it is probable that the icrease has greatly exceeded any calculation made at the time. The bridge was sufficient to accommodat6 the public; and it was, perhaps, believed that it would be sufficient, during the time limited in the charter. If, however, the increased population and intercodrse between these towns and the surrounding country, required greater accommodation, than was affofded by the bridge, there can be no doubt that the legislature could make provision for it.
On the part of the complainants' counsel it is contended, if increased: facilities of intercourse between these places were required by the public, the legislature was bound in good faith to give the option to the Charles River Bridge Company, either to enlarge their bridge, or construct a new one, as might be required. And this argument rests upon the ground that the complainants' franchise included the whole line of travel between the two places.
Under this view of their rights, the company proposed to the legislature, before the new charter was granted to the respondents, to do any thing which should be deemed requisite for the public accommodation.
In support of the comiplainants' right, in this respect,'a case is referred to in 7 Barn. and Cres. 40; where it is laid down, that the lord of an ancient market may, by law, have a right to prevent other persons from selling goods in their private houses, situated within the limits of his franchise: and also to 5 Barn. and Cressw. .363. These cases show, that the grant to the lord of the market ig exclusive; yet, if the place designated for the market- is made too small by the act of the owner, any person may sell in the vicinity of the market, without incurring any responsibility to the lord of the market.
Suppose the 'legislature had passed a law requiring the complainVOL. XI.-4 B

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] ants to enlarge their bridgei or construct a new one, would they have been bound by it? Might they have not replied to the legislature, we have constructed our briage of the dimensions required by the charter; we have, therefore, provided for the public all the accommodation which we are bound to give. And if the legislature could not require this of the complainants, is it not clear that they cannot assert an exclusive claim to the advantages of an enlarged accommodation. In common with other citizens, they.submitted propositions to ther legislature, but -they could urge no exclusive right to afford any accommodation beyond what was given by their bridge.
When, the Charles River Bridge was built, it was considered a work of great magnitude. It was, perhaps, the first experiment made to throw a bridge of such length over an arm of the sea; and in the construction of it great risk and expense were incurred. The, unrestricted profits contemplated, were necessary to induce or justify the undertaking. Suppose within two or three years after the Charles River Bridge had been erected, the legislature had authorized another bridge to be built alongside of it, which could only accommodate the same line of travel. Whether the profits of such a bridge were realised by a company or by the state, would not the act of the legislature have been deemed .so gross a violation of the rights of the complainants, as to be condemned by the common sense and common justice 'of mankind?
Thc plea, that the timbers or stone of the new bridge did not interfere with the old one, could not, in such a case, have availed. The -ialue of the bridge is not estimated by the quantity of timber and stone it may, contain, but by the travel over it. And if one-half or two-thirds of this travel, all of which might conveniently have passed-over the old bridge, be dravn to 'the new one; the injury is much greater than would have been the destruction of the old bridge. A reconstruction of the bridge, if destroyed, would secure to the company the ordinary profits; but the division or destruction of the profits, by the new bridge, runs to the end of the charter of the old one. And shall it be said, that the greater injury, the diversion of the profits, may be inflicted on the company with impunity; while for the less injury, the destruction of the briage, the law would give an adequate remedy?
I am not here about to apply the principles which have been long established in England, for the protection of ancient ferries, markets,

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] s, mills, &c. In my opinion, this doctrine, in its full extent, is not adapted to the cohdition of our country. And it is one of -the most valuable traits in the common law, that it forms a rule of right, only in cases and under circumstances adapted to its principles. In this country there are few rights founded on prescription. The settlement of our country is Comparatively recet; and its rapid growth in popukatoa and advance in improvements have prevented, in a great degree, interests from being acquired by immemorial usage. Such evidence of right is found in countries where society has become more fixed, and improvements are in a great degree stationary. But without the aid of the principles of the common law, we should be at a loss how to constru - the charter of the complainants, and ascertain their rights. Although the complainants cannot fix their franchise by showing the extent of the ferry rights; yet, under the principles -f the common law, which have been too long settld in Massachusetts, in my opinion, to be now shaken; they may claim their franchise beyond the timbers of their bridge. If .they may go beyond these, it is contended that no exact limit can be prescribed. -And because it my be difficult, and perhaps impracticable, to designate with precision the exact limit; does it follow that the complainants' franchise is as narrow as their bridge. Is it more difficult to define, with reasonable certainty, the'extent of this right, than it is, in many other cases, to determine the character of an offence against the laws, from established facts. What shall constitute a public or private nuisance? What measure of individual wrong shall be sufficient to convict a person 3f the latter? And what amount of inconvenience to the public shall constitute the former? Would it be more difficult to define the complainants' franchise, than to answer these questions? And yet public and private nuisances are of daily cognizance in courts of justice. How have ferry rights, depeiiding upon the same principles, been protected for centuries in England? The principles of the common law are not apj'lied with that mathematical precision, of Whi%3h the principles of the civil law are susceptible. But if the complainants' franchise cannot be measured by feei and inches, it does not follow that they have no rights. In determining upon facts which establish rights or wrongs, pub-

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
lic as well as private, an exercise of judgment is indispensable; the facts and circumstances of each case are considered, and a sound and legal conclusion is drawn from them.
The bridge of the complainant- was substituted t6r the ferry; and it was designed to accommodrte the course of travel between Boston and Charlestown. *Thiswas the view of t6e legislature in granting the charter,. and of the complainants in accepting it. And if it be admitted that the great increase of population has required the erection of other bridges than that which is cofiplained of in this suit, over this arm of the sea, that can afford no protection to the defendants. If the interests of the complainants have been remotely injured by the construction of other bridges, does that give a license -to the defendants to inflict on them a more direct and greater injury? By an extension of the complainants' charter, thirty years, an indemnity was given and accepted by ihem for the construction of the West Boston bridge.
The franchise of the complainants must extend a reasonable distance above and below the. timbers of their bridge. This distance must not be so great as to subject the public to serious inconvenience, nor so limited as to authorize a ruinous competition. It may not be necessary to say, that for a remote injury the law would afford a remedy; but where the injury is ruinous, no doubt can exist on the subject. The new bridge, while tolls were charged, lessened the profits of the old one about .one-half, or two-thirds; and now that it is a free bridge by law, the tolls received by the complainants are merely nominal. On what principle of law can such an act be sustained? Are rights acquired under a solemn contract with the legislature, held-by a more uncertain tenure than other rights? Is the legislative power so omnipotent in such cases, as to resume what it has granted without compensation? It will scarcely be contended, that if the legislature may do this, indirectly, it may not do it directly. If it rhay do it through the instrumentality of the Warren Bridge Company, it may dispense with that instrumentality.
But it is said that any check to the exercise of this discretiori by the legislature, will operate against the advance of improvements. Will not a different effect be produced? If 6very bridge or turnpike company were liable to have their property wrested from them, under an act of the legislature, Without compensation; could much value be attached to such property? Would prudent men expend their funds in making such improvements?

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

566

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
Can it be considered as an injurious check to legislation, that private property shall not be taken for public purposes, without compensation? This restriction is imposed by the federal constitution, and by the constitutiofis of the respective states.
But it has been urged that the property of the complainants has not been taken, as the tolls in anticipation cannot be denominated property. The entire value of the bridge consists in the right of exacting toll. Is not this right property, and cannot its value be measured? Do not past receipts and increased intercourse, afford a rule by which future receipts may be estimated? And if the whole of these tolls are taken under an act of the legislature, is not the property of the complainants taken?
The charter of the complainants has been compared to oa bank
charter, which implies no obligation on the legislature not to establish another bank in the same place. This is often done; and-it is contended, that fbr the consequential injury done the old bank by lessening its profits, no one supposes that an action would lie; nor that the second charter is unconstitutional. This case bears little or no analogy to the one under consideration. A bank may wind up its business, or refuse its discounts, at the pleasure of its stockholders and directors. They are under no obligation to carry on the operations of the institution, or afford any amount of accommodation to the public. Not so with the complainants. Under heavy penalties they are obliged to keep their bridge in repair, have it lighted, the gates kept open, and to pay two hundred pounds annually to the
college. This the complainants are bound to do, although the tolls received should scarcely pay for the oil consumed in the lamps of the bridge.
The sovereign power of the state has taken the tolls of the complainants, but it has left them in possession of their bridge. Its stones and timbers are untouched, and the roads that lead to it, re-
main unobstructed. One of the- counsel in the defence, with emphasis,.declared, that
the legislature can no more repeal a charter, than it can lead a citizen to the blocl The legislature- cannot bring a citizen to the block; may it open his arteries? It cannot cut off his head; may it bleed him to death? Suppose the legislature had authorized the constrhe-
tion of an impassable wall, which encircled the ends of the bridge, so as to prevent passengers from crossing on it. The wall may be

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
as distant from the abutments of the bridge as the Warren Bridge. Would this be an infringement of the plaintiffs' franchise? On the principles contended for, how could it be so considered? If the plaintiffs' franchise is limited to their bridge, then they are not injured by the, construction of -this wall; or, at least, they are without remedy.. This wall would be no more injurious to the plaintiffs than the free bridge. And the plaintiffs might be told, as alleged in this case, the wall does not touch your bridge. You are left in the full exercise of your corporate faculties. You have the same right to charge toll as you ever had.
The legislature had the same right to destroy the plaintiffs' bridge by authorizing the construction of the wall, as they had by authorizing the construction of a free bridge. In deciding this question we are not to consider what may be the law on this subject in Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia or Ohio; but what it is in Massachusetts. And in that state, the doctrine has been sanctioned that associations of men to accomplish enterprises of importance to the public, and who have vested their funds on the public faith, are entitled to protection. That their rights do not become the sport of popular excitement, no more than the rights of other citizens. The case under consideration forms, it is believed, a solitary exception to this rule; whether we look to the action of the legislature, or the opinions of the distinguished jurists of the state, on the bench, and at the bar.
The expense of keeping up the bridge, and paying-the annuity to the college, is all that is left by the state to the complainants. Had this been. proposed. or any thing which might lead to such a result, soon after the construction of the complainants' bridge, it is not probable, that it would have been sanctioned; and y&t it might as well have been done Ehen as now. A free bridge thea ouldhave-been no more injurious to the plaintiffs than it is now. No reflection is intended on the commonwealth of Massachusetts, which is so renowned in our-history for its intelligence, -virtue and patriotism. She wil not withhold justice, when the rights of the complainants shall be established.
Much reliance is placed on the argument, in the case reported in 4 Peters, 560, in which it was decided, that a law of the state of Rhode Island, imposir . a taxupon banks, is constitutional. As these banks were chartered by the state, it was contended that there was no implied obligation on the legislature not to tax them. That if

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

567

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] this power could be exercised, it might be carried so far as to destroy the banks. But this Court sustained the right of the state to tax. The analogy between the two cases is not perceived. Does it fpllow, because the complainants' bridge is not exempt from taxation, that it may be destroyed, or its value greatly impaired by any other means? The power to tax extends to every description of property held within the state, which is not specially exempted; and there is no reason or justice in withholding from the operation of this power, property held directly under the grant of the state.
The complainants' charter has been called a monopoly; but in no just sense can it be so considered. A monopoly is that which has been granted without consideration; as a monopoly of trade; or of the manufacture of any particular article, to the exclusion of al.1 competition. It is withdrawing that which is a common right, from the community, and vesting it in one or more individuals to the exclusion of all others. Such monopolies are justly odious, as they operate not only injuriously to trade, but against the general prosperity of society. But the accommodation afforded. to the public by the Charles River Bridge, and the annuity paid to the college, constitute a valuable consideration for the privilege granted by the charter. The odious features of a monopoly do not, thetefore, attach to the charter of the plaintiffs.
The 10th article of the declaration of rights in the constitution of Massachusetts, provides; "Whenever the public exigencies require that the property of any individual should be appropriated to public uses, he shall receive a reasonable compensation therefor." And in the 12th article it is declared, that, "no subject shall be deprived of his property, immunities, privileges or estate, but by the judgment of his peers or the law of the land." Here is a power recognised in the sovereignty, and is incident to it, to apply private property to public uses by malting for it a just compensation. This power overreaches every other, and must be exercised 't the discretion of the government; and a bridge, a turnpike road, a tract of land, or any other property, may be taken in whole, or in par4 for public purposes, on the condition of making compensation.
In the case of Chadwick v. The Proprietors of the Haverhill
Bridge, reported in Dane's Abridgment, it appears that a bridge was built under a charter within forty rods of the plaintiff's ferry, and over the same water. By an act of the legislature, commissioners were authorized to ascertain the damages sustained by the plain-

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.)
tiff; but he preferred his action at law, which was prosecuted, and adequate damages were recovered. It is true, this matter was referred to-arbitrators; but they were men of distinguished legal attainments and great experience; and they, after determining, that the phlintiff could sustain his action, assessed the damages. This award was sanctioned by the court. Under the circumstances of this case, at least as great a weight of authority belongs to it, as if the decision had been made by a court on the points involved. The case presented by the complainants is much stronger than Chadwick's; and if he was entitled to reparation for the- injury done, no doubt can exist of the complainants' right.
In the extension of the national road through the state of Ohio, a free bridge was thrown across a stream by the side of a tollbridge, which had some ten or fifteen years of its charter to run. The new bridge did not in the least obstruct the passage over the old one; and it was contended, that as no exclusive right wa i given under the first grant, the owner of the toll bridge was entitled to no compensation. It was said on that occasion, as it has been urged on this, that the right was givern subject to the discretion of the legislature, as to a subsequent grant; and that the new bridge could not be objected to by the first grantee, whether it was built under the authority of the state, or federal government.
This course of reasoning influenced a decision against the claimant in the first instance; but a reconsideration of his case, and a more thorough investigation of it, induced the proper authority to reverse fthe decision, and award an indemnity for the injury done. The value of the charter was estimated, and a just compensation was made. This, it is true, was not a judicial decision, but it was a decision of the high functionailes of the government, and is entitled to respect. It was dictated by that sense of justice which should be felt on the bench, and by every tribunal having the power to act upon private rights.
It is contended by the respondents' counsel, that there was not only no exclusive right granted in the complainants' charter, beyond the timbers of the bridge; but the broad ground is assumed, that the legislature had no power to make such a grant; that they cannot grant any part of the eminent domain, which shall bind a subsequent legislature. And a number of authorities were cited to sustain their position; 1 Vattell, ch. 9, see. 101, 4 Litt. R. 327; Domat. Book 1, tit. 6, see. 1; 17 Vin. 88f Chitt. on Prer. 81; 10 Price, 350; Puff.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

569

(Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] ch. 5, sec. 7; 5 Cowen, 558; 6 Wheat 593; 20 Johns. R. 25; Hargrave's Law Tracts, 36; 4 Gill. and Johns. 1.
If this doctrine be sustainable, as applied to this case, it is not perceived why an exception should be made in favour of the plaintiffs, within the timbers of their bridge. It is admitted, that their grant is good to this extent; and if the legislature may grant a part of the eminent domain to this extent, why may it not go beyond it? If it may grant any part of the eminent domain, must not the extent of the grant be fixed at its discretion? In what other mode can it be determined, than by a judicial construction of th. grant?
Acts of incorporation, when granted on a valuable consideration, assume the nature of contracts; and vested rights under them are no more subject to the legislative power than any other vested rights. In granting the charter to the Charles River Bridge Company, the legislature did not divest itself of the power to grant similar charters. But the thing granted passed to the grantee; and can no more be resumed by the legislature, than it can resume the rigfit to a tract of land which has been granted. When land ,is granted, the state can exercise nc acts of ownership over itj unless it be taken for public use; and the same rule applies to a grant for a bridge, a turnpike road, or any other public improvement. It would assume a bold position to say, that a subsequent legislature may resume the ownership of a tract of land. which had been granted at a preceding session; and yet the principle is the same in regard to vested rights, under an act of incorporation. By granting a franchise, the state does not divest itself of any portion of its sovereignty; but to advance the public interests, one or more individuals are vested with a capacity to exercise the powers necessary to attain the desired object. In the case under consideration, the necessary powers to construct and keep up the Charles River Bridge wero given to Thomas Russell and his associates. This did not withdraw the bridge from the action of the state sovereignty, any more than it is withdrawn from land which it has granted. In both cases the extent of the grant may become a question for judicial investigation and decision; but the rights granted are protected by the law.
It is insisted that, as the complainants accepted the extension of their charter in 1792, under an express assertion' of right by the legislature to make new grants at its discretion, they cannot now object to the respondents' charter. In the acceptance of the extended charter, the complainants are bound only by the provisions of that
VOL. X.-4 C

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v..Warren Bridge et al.]
charter. Any general declarations, which the legislature may have made, as regards -its power to grant charters, could have no more bearing on the rights of the complainants than on similar rights throughout the state. There was no reservation of this power in the prolonged charter, nor was there any general enactment on the subject. Of course, the construction of the charter must depend upon general and established principles.
It has been decided by the supreme court of New York, that unless the act making the appropriation of private property for public use, contain a provision of indcrnnity, it is void. Where property is taken under great emergencies, by an officer of the government, he could hardly be considered, I should suppose, a trespasser; thougl" he does not pay for the property at the time it is taken.
There can be no doubt, that a compensation should be provided for in the same act which authorizes the appropriation of the pro-perty, or in a cotemporaneous act. If, however, this be omitted, and the property be taken, the law unquestionably gives a remedy adequate to the damages sustained. No government which. rests upon the basis of fixed laws, whatever form it may have assumed, or wherever the sovereignty may reside, has asserted the right, or exercised the power of appropriating private property to public purposes, without making compensation.
In the 4th section of the act to establish the Warren Bridge, there is a provision that the corporation shall make compensation fbr any real estate that may be taken for the use of the bridge. The property of the complainants, which was appropriated under the new charter, cannot strictly be denominated real estate; and consequently this special provision does not reach their case. In this respect the law must stand as though no such provision had been made.
But was the complainants' property ppropriatcd under the charter granted to the respondents, for public purposes? If the new bridge were deemed -necessary, by the legislature, to promote the general convenience, and the defendants were consequently authorizdd to construct it, and apart of the plaintiffs' franchise were granted to the defendants; it wds an appropriation of private property for iublic use. It was as much an appropriation of private property for public use, as would have been an appropriation of the ground of an individual, for a turnpike, or a rail road, authorized by la
By the charter of the Warren Bridge, so soon as the company snould be reimbursed the money expended in the construction of the bridge, the expenses incurred in keeping it up, and five per cent.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

571

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge at al.]
interest, per annum, on the whole amount, the bridge was to become the property of the state; and whether these sums should be received or not, it was to become public property in six years from the time it was completed. The cost of construction, and the expenses, together with the five per cent. interest, have been reimbursed, and in addition, a large sum has been received by the state from the tolls of this bridge. But it is now, End has been since March last, it is admitted, a free bridge.
In granting the charter of the Warren Bridge, the legislature seem to recognise the, fact that they were about to appropriate the property of the complainants for public uses, as they provide, that the new company shall pay annually to the college, in behalf of the old one, a hundred pounds. By this provision, it appears that the legislature has undertaken to do what a jury of the country only could constitutionally do;.-assess the amount of compensation to which the complainants are entitled.
Here, then, is a law which not only takes away the property of the complainants, but provides, to some extent, for their indemnity. Whether the complainants have availed themselves of this provision or not, does not appear, nor is it very material. The law, in tbis respect, does not bind them; and they are entitled to an adequate compensation for the property taken. These considerations belong to the case, as it arises under the laws and const'tution of Massachusetts.
The important inquiry yet remains, whether this Court can take jurisdiction in the form in which the case is presented. The jurisdiction of this Court is resisted on two grounds. In the first place, it is contended that the Warren Bridge has become the property of the state, and that the defendants have no longer any control over the subject; and also, that the supreme court of Massachusetts have no jurisdiction over trusts.
The chancery jurisdiction of the supreme court of Mass'achusetts, is admitted to be limited; but they are specially authorized in cases of nuisances, to issue injunctions; and where this ground of jurisdiction is sustained, all the incidents must follow it. If the law incorporating the Warren Bridge Company was unconstitutional, on the ground that it appropriated to public use the property of the complainants, without making compensation; can there be any doubt, that the supreme court of Massachusetts had jurisdiction of the case? And having jurisdiction, is it not clear that the whole matter
in controversy way be settled by a decree, that the defendants shll

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et a].]
account to the complainants for moneys received by them after they had notice of the injunction?
It is also insisted, that the state is the substantial party to this suit, and as the Court has no jurisdiction against a sovereign state, that they can sustain no jurisdiction against those who act as agents under the authority of a state. That if such a jurisdiction were asserted by this Court, they would do indirectly, what the law prohibits them from doing directly.
In the case of Osborn et al. v. Bank United States, 9 Wheat. 733, this Court says, "The circuit courts of the United States haye jurisdiction of a bill in equity, filed by the Bank of the United States for the purpose of protecting the bank in the exercise of its franchises, which are threatened with invasion and destruction under an unconstitutional state'law; and as the state itself cannot be made a defendant, it may be maintained against the officers and agents of the state who are appointed to execute such law."
As it regards the question of jurisdiction, this case, in principle, is similar to the one under consideration. Osborn acted as the agent, or officer of the state of Ohio, in collecting from the bank, under an act of the state, a tax or penalty unconstitutionally imposed: and if in such a case jurisdiction could be sustained against the agent of the state, why can it not be sustained against a corporation acting as agent under an unconstitutional act of Massachusetts, in collecting tolls which belong to the plaintiffs?
In the second place, it is conitended, that this Court cannot take jurisdiction of this case under that provision of the federal constitution, which prohibits any state from impairing the obligation of contracts, as the charter of the complainants has not been impaired. It may be necessary to ascertain, definitely, the meaning of this p-ovision of the constitution; and the judicial decisions which have been made under it.
What was the evil against which' the constitution intended to provide, by declaring, that no state shall pass any law impairing the obligation of contracts? What is a contract, and what is the obligation of a contract?
A contract is defined to be an agreement between two or more persons to do or not to do a particular thing. The obligation of a contract is found in the terms of the agreeuient, sanctioned by moral and legal principles.
The evil which this inhibition on the states was- intendea to pre

3 kNUARY TERM, 1837.
'[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] vent, is found in thehistory of our revolution. By repeated acts of legislation in the different states, during that eventful period, the' obligation of contracts was impaired. The time and molde of piyment were altered by law; and so far was this interference of legislation carried, that confidence between man and man was well' nigh destroyed. Those proceedings grew out of the paper system of that day; and the injuries which they inflicted, were deeply felt in the country at the time the constitution was adopted. The provision was designed to prevent the states from following the precedent of legislation, so demoralizing in its effects, and so destructive to the commercial prosperity of a country. If it had not been otherwise laid down in the case of Fletcher v. Peck, 6 Cranch, 125; i should have doubted, whether the inhibition did not apply exclusively to executory contracts. This doubt would have arisen as well from the consideration of the mischief against which this provision was intended to guard, as from the language of the provision itself.
An executed contract is the evidence of a thing done; and it would seem, does not necessarily impose any duty or-obligation on either party to do any act or thing. If a state convey land which it had previously granted, the second grant is void; not, it would seem to me,.because the second grant impairs the obligation of the first, for in fact it does hot impair it: but because, having no interest in the thing granted, the state could convey none. The second grant w6uld be void in this country, on the same ground that it would be void in England, if made by the king. This is a principle of the common law; and is as immutable as the basis of justice. It derives no strength from the above provision of the constitution; nor does it seem to me to come within the scope of that provision.
When we speak of the obligation of a contract, the mind seems necessarily to refer to an exiecutory contract; to a contract, unier.which something remains to be done, and there is an obligation orate or both of the parties to do it. No law of a *tate shall impair this-obligation, by altering it in any material part. This prohibition does not apply to the remedy, but to the terms used by the liarties to the agreement, and which fix their respective rights and obligations. The obligation, and the mode of enforcing the obligation, are distinct things. The former consists in the acts of the parties, and is ascer. tained by the binding words of the contract. The other emanates from the law-ma-king power, which may be exercised at the discretion of the legislature, within the prescribed limits of the constitu-

SUPREME COURTa
[Charles Rivbr Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
tion. A modification of ihe remedy for a breach of the contract, does not, in the sense of the constitution, impair its obligation. The thing to be done, and the time of performance, remain on the face of the contract in all their binding force upon the parties; and these are shielded by the constitution, from legislative interference.
On the part of the complainants, it is contended that on the question of jurisdiction, as in reference to any other matter in controversy, the Court must look at the pleadings, and decide the point raised in the form presented. The bill charges that the act to establish the Warren Bridge, purports to grant a right repugnant to the vested rights of the complainant , and that it impairs the obligation of the contract between them and the commonwealth; and, being contrary to the constitution of the United States, is void. In their answer, the respondents deny that the act creating the corporation of the Warren Bridge, impairs the obligation of any contract set forth in the bill of the complainants.
The 'Court must look at the case made in the bill) in determining any questions which may arise; whether they relate to the merits or the jurisdiction of the Court. But in either case, they are not bound by any technical allegations or responses, which may be found in the bill and answer. They must ascertain the nature of the relief sought, and the ground of jurisdiction, from the tenor of the bill.
In this case, the question of jurisdiction under the constitution is broadly presented; and may be examined free from technical embarrassment.
Chief Justice Parker, in the state court, says, in reference to the charter of the complainants, " The contract of the government is, that this right shall not'be disturbed or impaired, unless public necessity demand; and if it shall so demand, the grantees shall be indemnified." Such a contract, he observes, "is founded upon the principles of our constitution, as well as natural justice; and it cannot be impaired without a'violation of the constitution of the United States: and I think, also, it is against the -principles of our state constitution."
In the conclusion of his opinion, Mr. Justice Putnam says, in speaking of the defendants' charter, " It impairs the obligation of the grants before made to the plaintiffs. It takes away their property for public uses without compensation, against their consent, and without a provision for a trial by jury. It is therefore Void,"
Mr. Justice Wilde, and Mr. Justice Morton, did not consider the

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.].
new charter as having been granted either in violation of the constitution of the state, or of the United States.
In their decree, the court say, "That no property belonging to the complainants was taken and appropriated to public use, within the terms and meaning of the 10th article of the declaration of rights prefixed to the constitution of this commonwealth."
This decree can, in no point 6f view, be considered as fixing the construction of the constitution of Massachusetts, as it applies to this case. The decree was entered, pro forma, and is opposed to the opinion of two members of the court.
But if that court had deliberately and unanimously decided that the plaintiffs' property had not been appropriated to public use, under the constitution of Massachusetts; still, where the same point becomes important on a question of jurisdiction before this Court, -they must decide for themselves. The jurisdiction of this Court coula, in no respect, be considered as a consequence of the decision of the above question by the state court, in whatever way the decree might have been entered. But no embarrassment can arise on this head, as the above decree was made, as a mattbr of form, to bring the case before this Court.
To sustain the jurisdiction of this Court, the counsel for complainants place great reliance upon the fact, that the right, charged to be violated, is held directly from the state; and they insist, that there is an implied obligation on the state, that it will do nothing to impair the grant And that, in this respect, the complainants' right rests upon very different grounds from other rights in the community, not held by grant directly from the state.
On the face of the complainants' grant there is no stipulation that the legislature will do nothing that shall injure the rights of the grantees; but it is said that this is implied; and on what ground does the implication arise? -Doesit arise from the fact, that the complainants are the immediate grantees of the state?
The principle is admitted, that the grantor can do nothing that shall destroy his deed; and this rule applies as well to the state as to an individual. And the same principle operates with equal force on all grants, whether made by the state or individuals.
Does an implied obligation arise on a grant made by the state, that the legislature shall do nothing to invalidate the grant, which does not arise on every other grant or deed in the commonwealth?
The legislature is bound by the constitution of the state, and it

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
cannot be admitted, that the immediate grantee of the state has a stronger guarantee for the protection of fiis vested rights against unconstitutional acts, than may be claimed by any other citizen of the state. Every citizen of the state, for the protection of his vested rights, claims the guarantee of the constitution. This, indeed, imposes the strongest obligation on the legislature not to violate those rights. Does the legislature give to its grantee, by virtue of its grant, an additional pledge that it will not violate the constitution of the state? Such an implication, if it exist, can scarcely be considered as adding any thing to the force of the constitution. But this is not, it is said, the protection which the complainants invoke. In addition to their property having been taken without compensation, they allege that their charter has been impaired by the Warren Bridge charter; and, on this ground, they ask the interposition of this Court.
The new charter does not purport to repeal the old one, nor to alter it in any material or immaterial part. It does not, then, operate upon the complainants' grant, but upon the thing granted. It has, in effect, taken the tolls of the complainants and given them to the public. In other words, under the new charter, all that is valuable under the charter of the complainants has been ippropriated to public use.
It is urged, that the legislature did. not intend to appropriate the property of the complainants; that there is nothing in the act of the legislature, which shows an intention by the exercise of the eminent domain, to take private property for public use; but that, on the contrary, it appears the Warren Bridge charter was granted in the exercise of a legislative discretion, asserted and sustained by a majority of the legislature.
In this charter provision is made to indemnify the owners of real estate, if it should be taken for the use of the bridge; and the new company is required to pay, in behalf of the Charles River Bridge Company, one-half of the annuity to the college.
This would seem to show an intention to appropriate private property, if necessary, for the establishment of the Warren Bridge; and also an intention to indemnify the complainants, to some extent, for the injury done them. There could have been no other motive tnan this, in proviling'that the new company should pay the hundred pounds.
But the Court can only judge of the intention, of the legislature

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
by its language; and when, -by its act, the franchise of the complainants is taken, and, through the instrumentality of the Warren Bridge Company, appropriated to the public use, it is difficult to say that the legislature did not intend to do, what in fact it has done. Throughout the argqlment the counsel for the complainants have most ably contended. that their property had been taken and appropriated to the public use without making compensation; and that the act was consequently void, under the constitution of Massachusetts..
If this be the character of the act; if, under its provisions the property of the complainants has been apptopriated to public purposes; it may be important to inquire whether it car be considered as impairing the obligation of the contract, within the meaning of the federal constitution.
That a state may appropriate private property to public use, is universally admitted. This power is incident to sovereignty, and there are no restrictions on its exercise, except such as may be imposed by the sovereignty itself. It may tax at its discretion, and adapt its policy to the wants of its citizens; and use their means for the promotion of its objects under its own laws.
If an appropriation of private property to public use impair the obligatiop of a contract within the meaning of the constitution, then every exercise of this power by a state is unconstitutional. From this conclusion there is no escape; and whether compensation be made or not, cannot vary the result.
The provision is not, that no state shall pass a law impairing the obligation of contracts, unless compensation be rmade; but the power is.absolutely inhibited to a state. If the act of the state come within the meaning of the provision, the act is void. No condition which may be annexed to it, no compensation that can be made, can give it validity. It is in conflict with the supreme law of the land, and is therefore a nullity.
Can a state postpone the day fixed in an obligation for payment, or provide that a bond for the payment of money shall be discharged by the payment of any thing else than money? This no one will contend can be done, because such an act would clearly impair the obligation of the contract; and no compensation, which the state could give, would make the act valid.
The question is asked whether the provision implied in the constitution of Massachusetts, that private property may be taken by making compensation, is riot impliedly incorporated in every con-
Voro X1--4 D

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v..Warren Bridge et al.]
tract made under it; and whether the obligation of the contract is not impaired, when property is taken by the state without compensation?
Can the contract be impaired within the meaning of the federal constitution, when the action of the state is upon the property? The contract is not touched, but the thing covered by the contract is taken under the power to appropriate private property for public use. If taking the property impair the obligation of the contract, within the meaning of the constitution, it cannot be taken on any terms. The provision of the federal constitution, which requires compensation to be made when private property shall be taken for public use, acts only upon the officers of the federal government. This case must be governed by the constitution of Massachusetts.
Can a state, in any form, exercise a power over contracts which is expressly prohibited by the constitution of the Union? The parties making a contract may embrace any conditions they please, if the conditions do not contravene the law, or its established policy. But it is not in the power of a state to impose upon contracts which have, been made, or which may afterwards be made, any condition, which is prohibited by the federal conktitution. No state shall impair the obligation of contracts. Now, if the act of a state, in appropriating private property to public use come Vithin the meaning of this provision, is not the act inhibited, and, consequently, void? This point would seem to be too plain for controversy. And is it not equally clear, that no provisions contained n the constitution of a state, or in its legislative acts, which subject the obligation of a contract to an unconstitutional control of the .state, can be obligatory upon the citizens of the state? If the state has attempted to exercise a power which the federal constitution prohibits, no matter under what form the power may -be assumed, or what specious pretexts may be urged in favour of its exercise, the act is unconstitutional and void.
That a state may take private property for public use, is contro-
verted by no one. It is a principle, which, from the foundation of our government, has been sanctioned by the practice of the states, respectively; and has never been considered as coming in conflict with the federal constitution.
This power of the state is admitted in the argument; but it is contended that the obligation of the contract has been impaired, as the property of the complainants has been taken without compensation. Suppose the constitution of Massachusetts provided that no land

JANUARY TERM, 18.7.

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al. should be sold for taxes without valuation, nor unless it shall sell for

two-thirds of its value, due notice being given in some newspaper;

and suppose a law of thp legislature should direct land to be sold for

taxes, without a compliance with these requisites; would this act im-

pair the obligation of the grant by which the land is held, wi.-iin

the meaning of the constitution? The act would be clearly repug-

nant to the state constitution, and, consequently, all proceedings

under it would be void. But it would not be repugnant to the con-

stitution of the Union. And how does this case differ, in principle,

from the one under consideration? In both cases, the power of the

legislature is unquestionable; but, by the constitution of the state it

must be exercised in a particular manner; and, if not so exercised, the

act is void. Now, if, in either case, the obligation of the contract

under which the property is held is impaired, then it must follow

that every act of a state legislature which affects the right of private

property, and which is repugnant to the state constitution, is a viola-

tion of the federal constitution.

-

Can the construction of the federal constitution depend upon a

reference to a state constitution, and by which, the act complained of

is ascertained to be legal or illegal? IBy this doctrine, the act, if

done in conformity to the state constitution, would be free from ob-

jections under the federal constitution; but if this conformity. do not

exist, then the act would not be free from such objection. This, idi

effect, would incorporate the state constitution in, and make it a part

of the federal constitution. No such rule of construction exists.

Suppose the legislature of Massachusetts had taken the farmi of the

complainants for the use of a poor house, or any asylum for-lunatics,

without making adequate compensation; or, if, in ascertaining the,

damages, the law of the state had not been strictly pvrsued: could

this Court interpose its jurisdiction through the supreme court of

the state, and arrest the power of appropriation? In any form, in

which the question could be made, would it not arise under the con-

stitution of the state, and be limited between citizens of the same

state to the local jurisdiction? Does not the state constitution,

which declares that private property shall not be taken for public

purposes, without compensation, afford a safe guarantee to the citizens

of the state against the illegal exercise of this power; a power es-

sential to the well-being of every sovereign state, and which is al-

ways exercised under its own rules?

Had an adequate compensation been made to the complainants,

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v: Warren Bridge Ct al.]
under the charter of the Warren Bridge, would this question have been raised? Can any one doubt, that- it was in the power of the legislature of Massachusetts to take the whole of the complainants' bridge for public use, by making compensation? Is there any power that can control the exercise of this discretion by the legislature? I know of none, either in the state-or out of it; but it must be exercised in subordination to the provisions of the constitution of the state. And if it be not so exercised, the judicial authority of tbe state only, between its own citizens, can interpose and prevent the wrong, or repair it in damages.
In all cases where private property is taken by a state for public use, the action is on the property; and the power, if it exist in the state, must be above the contract. It does not act on the contract, but takes from under it vested rights. And this power, when exercised by a state, does not, in the sense of the federal constitution, impair the obligation of the contract. Vested rights are disturbed, and compensation must be made; but this is a subject which belongs to the local jurisdiction. Does this view conflict with tile established doctrine of this Court? A reference to tile points adjudged will show that it does not.
The case of Satterlee v. Mathewson, 2 Peters, 390, presented the following facts. Satterlec was the tenant of Mathewson, who claimed at the time of the lease under a Connecticut title, in Luzerne county, Pennsylvania. Afterwards, Satterlce purchased a Pennsylvania title for the same land. An ejeetment was brought by Mathewson for the land, and the court of common pleas decided that as Satterlee was the tenant of the plaintiff, he could not set up a title against his landlord. On a writ of error, this judgment was reversed by the supreme court, on the ground that the relation of landlord and tenant could not exist under a Connecticut title. Shortly afterwards, the legislature of Pennsylvania passed a law, that, under such a title the relation of the landlord and tenant should exist, and the supreme court of the state having decided that this act was valid, the question was brought before this Court by writ of error. In their opinion, the Court say, "We come now to the main question in the cause. Is the act, which is objected to, repugnant to any provision of the conatitution of the United States? It is alleged to be particularly so, because it impairs the obligation of the contract between. the state of Pennsylvania and the plaintiff, who claims under her, grant, &c." The grant vested a fee simple in the grantee, with all the rights,

.JANUARY TERM, 1837.

581

(Charles I',ver Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
privileges, &c. "Wer(. any of these rights disturbed or impaired by the act under consideration? It does not appear from the record, that they were in any instance denied, or ever drawn in
question." The objection most pressed upon the Court was, that the effect of
this act was to divest rights which were vested by law in Satterlee. "There is certainly no part of the constitution of the United States," the Court say, "which applies to a state law of this description; nor are we aware of any decision of this, or any circuit court which has
condemned such a law upon this ground, provided its effect be not to impair the obligation of the contract." And the Court add, that in the case of Fletcher v. Peck, it is no where intimated, that a state statute, which divests a vested right, is repugnant to the constitution of the United States. There is a strong analogy between this case
and the one under consideration. The effect of the act of Pennsylvania was, to defeat the title of
Satterlee, founded upon the grant of the state. It made a title valid, which, in that very case, had beea declared void by the Court, and which gave the right to Mathewson, in that suit, aga;nst the prior grant of the state. And this Court admit that a vested right was divested by the act; but they say it is not repugnant to the federal constitution. The act did not purport to affect the grant which was left with its covenants untouched; but it created a paramount right,
which took the land against the grant. In the case'under consideration, the Warren Bridge charter does
not purport to repeal or in any way affect the complainants' charter. But, like the Pennsylvania act, in its effects it divested the vested rights of the complainants. Satterlee was not the immediate grantee of the state; but that could not affect the principle involved in the case. He claimed under the grant of the state, and the fact that there was an intermediate grantee between him and the state, could not weaken his right.
In the case of Fletcher v. Peck, 6 Cranch, 87, the legislature of Georgia attempted to annul its own grant. The law, under which the first grant was issued, was attempted to be repealed; and all grants under it were declared to be -null and void hiy the second act. I-ere the state acted directly upon th6 contract; and the case comes within the rule, that to impair the obligation of the contract, the state law must act upon the contract.
The act of the legislature, complained of in the case of Sturgis v. Crowninshield, 4 Cond. Rep. 409, had a direct bearing upon the con-

SIUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v.. Warren Bridge et al.]
tract. The question was, whether*under the bankrupt law of New York a debtor was discharged from his obligation by a surrender of his property: and so in the case of The Trustees of Dartmouth College, v. Woodward, 4 Cond. Rep. 426, the question was, whether the legislature could, without the consent of the corporation, alter its charter in a material part, it being a private corporation.
In the case of Terret and others v. Taylor and others, 9 Cranch, 52, the uncontroverted doctrine is asserted, that a legislature cannof repeal a statute creating a private corporation, and thereby destroy vested rights.
The case of Green et al. v. Biddle, 8 Wheat. 1, has also been cited to sustain the jurisdiction of the Court in this case. The Court decided in that case, that the compact, which guarantied to claimants of land lying in Kentucky under titles derived from Virginia, their rights as they existed under the laws of Virginia, prohibited the state of Kentucky from changing those rights. In other words, that Kentucky could not alter the compact. And when this Court were called on to give effect to the act of Kentucky, which they considered repugnant to the compact, they held the provisions of the compact paramount to the act..
After a careful examination of the questions adjudged by this Court, they seem not to have decided in any case that the contract is impaired, within the meaning of the federal constitution, where the action of the state has not been on the contract. That though vested rights have been divested under an act of a state legislature, they do not consider that as impairing the grant of the state, under which the property is held. And this it appears is the true distinction; and the one, which has been kept in view in the whole current of adjudications by this Court, under the above clause of the constitution.
Had this Court established the doctrine that where an act of a state legislature affected vested rights held by a grant from the state, the act is repugnant to the constitution of the United States, the same principle must have applied to all vested rights. For, as has been shown, the constitution of a state gives the same guarantee of their vested rights to all its citizens, as to those who claim directly under grant from the state. And who can define the limit of a jurisdiction founded on this principle? It would necessarily extend over the legislative action of the states; and control, to 'a fearful extent, the exercise of their powers.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
The spirit of internal improvement pervades the whole country There is perhaps no state in the Union, where important public works, such as turnpike roads, canals, rail roads, bridges, &c. are not either contemplated, or in a state of rapid progression. These cannot be carried on without the frequent exercise of the power to appropriate private property for public use. Vested rights are daily divested by this exercise of the eminent domain. And if in all these cases this Court can act as a court of supervision for the correction of errors, its power may be invoked in numberless instances. If to take private property impairs the obligation of the contract under which it is held, this Court may be called to determine in almost every case where the power is exercised; as well where compensation is made, as where it is not made. For, if this Court can take .jurisdiction on this ground, every individual whose property has been taken has a constitutional right to the judgment of this Court; whether compensation has been made in the mode required by the constitution of the state.
In ascertaining the damages, the claima nt has a right to demand a jury, and that the damages shall be assessed in strict conformity to the principles of the law To revise these cases would carve out for this Court a new jurisdiction, not contemplated by the constitution, and which cannot be safely exercised.
These are considerations which grow out of our admirable system of government, that should lead the judicial tribunals both of the federal and state governments to mutual forbearance, in the exercise of doubtful powers. The boundaries of their respective jurisdictions can never, perhaps, be so clearly defined on certain questions, as to free them from doubt. This remark- is peculiarly applicable to the federal tribunals, whose powers are delegated, and consequently limited. The strength of our political system consists in its harmony; and this can only be preserved by a strict observance of the respective powers of the state and federal government. Believing that this Court has no jurisdiction in this case; although I am clear that the merits are on the side of the complainants; I am in favour of dismissing the bill for want of jurisdiction.
Mr. Justice STORY, dissenting. This cause was argued at a former term of this Court, and having been then held under advisement by the Court for a year, was,

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] upon a difference of opinion among the judges, ordered to be again argued; and has accordingly been argued at the present term.
The arguments at the former term, were conducted with' great learning, research and ability; and have been renewed with equal learning, research and ability, at the present term. But the grounds have been, in some respects, varied; and new grounds have been -assumed, which require a distinct consideration. I have examined the case with the most anxious care and deliberation, and with all the lights which the researches of the years, intervening between the first and last argument, have enabled me to obtain; and I am free to confess, that the opinion which I originally formed after the first argument, is that which now has my most firm and unhesitating conviction. The argument at the present term, so far from shaking my confidence in it, has at every, step served to confirm it.
In now delivering the results of that opinion, I shall be compelled to notice the principal arguments urged the other way; and as the topics discussed and the objections raised have issumed various forms; some of which require distinct, and others the same answers; it will be unavoidablk that some repetitions should occur in the progress of my own reasoning. My great resnect for the counsel who have pressed them, and the importance of the cause, will, I trust, be thought a sufficient apology for the course which I have, with great reluctance, thought it necessary to pursue.
Some of the questions involved in the case are of local law. And here, accordiug to the known principles of this Court, we are bound to act upon that local law, however different from, or opposite to the jurisprudence of other states it either is, or may be supposed to be. Other questions seem to belong exclusively to the jurisdiction of the state tribunals, as they turn upon a conflict, real or supposed, between the state constitution and the state laws. The only question, over which this Court possesses jurisdiction in this case, (it being an 'appeal from a state court and not from the circuit court,) is, as has been stated at the bar, whether the obligation of any contract within the true intent and meaning of the constitution of the United States has been violated, as set forth in the bill. . All the other points argued, are before us only as they are preliminaries and incidents to this.
A question has, however, been made-as to the jurisdiction of this Court to entertain the present writ o.f error. It has been argued that this bridge has now become a free bridge, and is the property

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et-al.) of the state of Massachusetts; that the state cannot be made a party defendant to any suit to try its title to the bridge; and that there is no difference between a suit against the state directly, and against the state indirectly,  rough its servants and ageots. And in further illustration of this argument it is said, that no tolls can be claimed in this case under the notion of an implied trust; for the state court has no jurisdiction in equity over implied trusts, but only over express trusts; and, if this Court has no jurisdiction 6ver the principal subject matter of the suit, the title to the bridge, it can have none over the tolls, which are but incidents.
My answer to this objection will be brief. In the first place, this is a writ of error from a state court, under the twenty-fifth section of the Judiciary Act of 1789, ch. 20; and in such a case, if tl.ere is drawn in question the construction of any clause of the constitution of the UnitedStates, and the decision of the state court is against the right or title set up under it, this Court has a right to entertain the suit, and decide the question; whoever may be the parties to the original suit, whether private persons, or the state itself. This was decided in the case of Cohens v. The State of Virginia; 6 Wheat. R. 264. In the next place, the state of Massachusetts is not a party on the record in this suit, and therefore the constitutional prohibition of commencing any suit against a state does not apply; for that clause of the constitution is strictly confined to the parties on the record. So it was held in Osborn v. The Bank of the United States, 9 Wheat. Rep. 738; and in the Commonwealth Bank of Kentucky v. Wister, 2 Pet. R. 819, 323. In the next place, it is no objection to the jurisdiction, even of the circuit courts of the United States, tjat the defendant is a servant or agent of the state, and the act complained of is done under its authority, if it be tortious and unconstitutional. So it was held in the cases last cited. In the next place, this Court, as an appellate court, has nothing to do with ascertaining the. nature or extent of the 'jurisdiction of the state court over any persons, or parties, or subject matters, given by the state laws; or as to the mode of exercising the same; except so far as respects the very question. arising under the twenty-fifth section of the act of 1789, ch. 20.
There are but few facts in this case which admit of any controversy. The legislature of Massachusetts, by an act passed on the 9tih of March, 1785, incorporated certain persons by the name of the proprietors of the Charles River Bridge, for the purpose of building
VOL. XI.-4 E

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
a bridge over Charles river, between Boston and Charlestown; and granted to them the exclusive toll thereof, for forty years from the time of the first opening of the bridge for passengers. The bridge was built and opened for passengers, in June, 1786. In March, 1792, another corporation was created .by the legislature, for the purpose of building a bridge over Charles river, from the westerly part of Boston to Cambridge; and on that occasion the legislature, taking into consideration the probable diminution of the profits of the Charles River Bridge, extended the grant of the proprietors of the latter bridge to seventy years from the first opening of it for passengers. The proprietors have, under these grants, ever since continued to possess and enjoy the emoluments arising from the tolls taken for travel over the bridge; and it has proved a very profitable concern.
In March, 1828, the legislature created a corporation, called the Proprietors of the Warren Bridge, for the purpose of erecting another bridge across Charles river, between Boston and Charlestown. The termini of the last bridge; (which has been since erected, and was, at the commencement of this suit, in the full receipt of toll, and"is now a free bridge;) are so very near to that of Charles River Bridge, that for all practical purposes, they may be taken to be identical. The same travel is accommodated by each bridge, and necessarily approaches to a point, before it reaches either, which is nearly equidistant from each. In short, it is impossible, in a practical view, and so was admitted at the argument, to distinguish this case from one where the bridges are contiguous from the beginning to the end.
The present bill is filed by the proprietors of Charles River Bridge, against the proprietors of Warren Bridge, for an injunction, and other relief; founded upon the allegation, that the erection of the Warren Bridge, under the circumstances, is a violation of their chartered rights, and so is void by the constitution of Massachusetts, and by the constitution of the United States. The judges of the supreme judicial court of Massachusetts, were (as is well known) equally divided in opinion upon the main points in the cause; and, therefore, a pro formg decree was entered, with a view to bring before this Court the great and grave question, whether the legislature of Massachusetts, in the grant of the charter of the Warren Bridge, has violated the obligation of the constitution of the KInited States? If the legislature has done so, by mistake or inadvertence, I am quite sure that it will be the last to insist upon maintaining its own act. It has that stake in the Union, and in the maintenance of the con-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

587

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] stitutional rights of its own citizens, which will, I trust, ever be found paramount to all local interests, feelings and prejudices; to the pride of power, and to the pride of opinion.
In order to come to any, just conclusion in regard to the only question which this Court; sitting as an appellate court; has a right to entertain upon a writ of error to a state court; it will be necessary to ascertain what are the rights conferred on the proprietors of Charles River Bridge by the act of iilcorporation. The act is certainly not drawn with any commendable accuracy. But it is difficult, upon any principles of common reasoning, to mistake its real purport and object. It is entitled, "an act for incorporating certain persons, for the purpose of building a bridge over Charles river, between Boston and Charlestown, and supporting the same during the terhii of forty years." Yet it no where, in terms, in any of thq enacting clauses, confers any authority upon the corporation, thus created, to build any such bridge; nor does it state in what particular place the bridge shall commence or terminate on either side of the river, except by inference and implication from the preamble. I mention this at the threshold of the present inquiry, as an irresistible proof that the Cout must, in the construction of this very act of incorporation, resort to the common principles of interpretation; and imply and presume things, which the legislature has not expressly declared. If the Court were not at liberty so to do, there would be an end of the cause.
The act begins by reciting, that "the erecting of a kIdge over Charles river, in a place where the ferry between Boston hnd Charlestown is now kept, will be of great public utility, and Thomas Russell -nd others, having petitioned, &c. for the act of incorporation, to empower them to build said bridge, and many other persons, under the expectation of such an act, have subscribed to a fund for executing and completing the aforesaid purpose." It then proceeds to enact that the proprietors of the fund or stock shall be a corporation under the name of the Proprietors of Charles River Bridge; and it gives them the usual powers of corporations, such as the power to sue and be sued; &c. In the next section it provides for the organization of the corporation; for choosing officers; for establishing rules and regulations for the corporation; and for effecting, completing, and executing the purpose aforesaid. In the next section, "for the purpose of reimbursingthe said proprietors the money expended in building and supporting the said bridge," it provides, that a

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et aL].
toll be, and thereby is granted and established, for th sole benefit of theproprietors,for forty years from the opening of the bridge for travel, according to certain specified rates. In the next section, it provides, that the bridge shall be well built, at least forty feet wide, of sound and suitable materials, with a convenient draw or passage way for ships and vessels, &c.; and "that the same shall be kept in good, safe, and passable repair for the term aforesaid, and, ht the end of the said term, the said bridge shdll be left in like repair." Certain other provisions are-also made, as to lighting the bridge, erecting a toll-board, lifting the draw.fr all ships and vessels, without toll or pay," &c. &c. The next section declares, that, after the tolls shall commence. the proprietors "shall annuallypay to Harvardcollege, or university, the sum of two hundred pounds during the said term of forty years; and, at the end of the said term, the said bridge shall revert to, and be the property of the commonwealth, saving to the said college or university, a reasonable and annual compensation for the annual income of the ferry, which they might have received, had not such bridge been erected." The next and last section of the act, declares the act void, unless the bridge should be built within three years febm the passing of the act.
Such is the substance of the charter of incorporation, which the Court is called upon to construe. But, before we can properly enter upon the consideration of this subject, -a preliminary inquiry is presented as to the proper rules of interpretation applicable to the charter. Is the charter to receive a strict or a liberal construction? Are any implications to be made, beyond the express terms? And if so, to what extent are they justifiable by the principles of law? No one doubts, that the charter is a contract, and a grant; and that it is to receive such a construction as belong to contracts and grants, as contradistinguished from mere laws. But the argument has heen pressed here, with unwonted earnestness; and it seems to have had an irresistible influence elsewhere, that this charter is to be construed as a royal grant, and that such grants -are always construed with a stern and parsimonious strictness. Intdeed, it seems tacitly conceded that unless such a strict construction is to prevail, (and it is insisted on as the positive dictate of the common law,) there is infinite danger to the defence assumed on behalf of the Warren Bridge proprietors.I Under such circumstances, I fe'el myself, constrained to go at large into, the doctrine of the common law in respect to royal grants; because I cannot help thinking, that, upon this point very great er-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] rors of opinion have crept into the argument. A single insulated position seems to have been taken as a general axiom. In my own view of the case, I should not have attached so much importance to the inquiry. But it is now fit that it. should be sifted to the bottom.
It is 'a well known rule in the construction of private grants, if the meaning of the words be doubtful, to construe them most strongly against the grantor. But it is said that an opposite rule prevails, in cases of grants by the king; for, where there is any doubt, the construction is made most favourably for the king, and against the grantee.. The rule is not disputed. But it is a rule of very limited application. To what cases does it apply? To such cases only, where there is a real doubt, where the 'grant admits of two interpretations, one of which is more extensive, and the other more restricted; so that a choice is fairly open, and either :may be adopted without any violation of the apparent objects of the grant. If the king's grant admits of two interpretations, one of which will make it utterly void and worthless, and the other will give it a reasonable effect, then the latter is to prevail: for the reason, (says the common law,) "that it will be more for the benefit of the subject, and the lenour of the king, which is to be more -egarded than hls profit" Com. Dig. Grant, G. 12; 9 Co. R. 131. a.; 10 Co. R. 67. b; 6 Co. R. 6. And in every case, the rule is made to bend to the real justice and integrity of the case. No strained or extravagant construction is to be made in favour of th6 king. And, if the intention of the grant is obvious, a fair and liberal interpretation of its terms is enforced. The rule itself is also expressly dispensed with, in all cases where the grant appears upon its face, to flow, not from the solicitation of the subject but from the special grace, certain knowledge, and mere motion of the crow.n;, or, as-it stands in thd old royal patents, "ex speciali gratia, certg scientig, et ex mero motu regis;" (See Arthur Legate's case, 10 Co. R. 109, 112, b.; Sir John Moulin-s case, 6"Co. R. 6; 2 Black. Comm.- 347; Com. Dig. Grant, G. 12.) 'and these words are accordingly inserted in most of the modern grants of the crown, in order to exclude any narrow construction of them. So the court admitted the doctrine to be in Attorney General v. Lord Eardly, 8 Price, 69. But what-is a most important qualification of the rule, it never did apply to grants made for a valuable consideration by the crown; for, in such grants the same rule has always prevailed, as in cases between subjects. The mere grant of a bounty

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bri6g et al.]
of the king may properly be restricted to its obvious intent. But the contracts of the king for value are liberally expounded, that the dignity and justice of the government may never be jeoparded by petty evasions, and technical subtleties.
I shall not go over all the cases in the books, which recognise these principles, although they are abundant. Many of them will be found collected in Bacon's Abridgment, Prerogative, F. 2, p. 602 to 604; in Comyn's Diffest, Grant, G. 12; and in Chitty on the Prerogatives of the Crown, chap. 16, s. 3. But I shall dwell on some of the more prominent, and especially on those which have been mainly relied on by the defendants; because, in my humble judgment, they teach a very different doctrine from what has been insisted on. Lord Coke, in his Commentary on the Statute of Quo Warranto, 18 Edw. I., makes this notable remark: "Here is an excellent rule for construction of the king's patents, not only of liberties, but of lands, tenements, and other things, which he may lawfully grant, that they *have no strict or narrow interpretation for the overthrowing of them, sed secundum earundum plenitudinem judicentur; that is, to have a liberal and favourable construction, for the making them available in law, usque ad plenitudinem, for the honour of the king." Surely, no lawyer would contend for a more beneficent or more broad exposition of any grant whatsoever, than this.
So in respect to implications in cases of royal grants, there is not the slightest difficulty, either upon authority or principle, in giving them a large effect. so as to include things which are capable of being the subject of a distinct grant. A very remarkable instance of this sort arose under the Statute of Prerogative, (17 Edw. II, Stat. 2, ch. 15) which declared, t'hat when theking granteth to any a manor or land with the appurtenances, unless he makes express mentton in the deed, in writing, of advowsons, &c. belonging to such manor, then the king reserveth to himself such advowsons. Here, the statute itself prescribed a strict rule of interpretation.* Yet, in Whistler"s case, (10 Co. R. 63) it was held, that a royal grant of a manor with the appurtenances, in as ample a manner as it came to the king's hands, conveyed an advowson, which was appendant to the manor, by implication from the words actually used, and the apparent intent. This was certainly a very strong case of raising an implication from words susceptible of different interpretations, where the statute had furnished a positive rule for a narrow construction, excluding the ad-
* S. P.in Atty. General v. Sitwell, 1 Younge's Rep. 583.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

591

[CharIle River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] vowson: So, it has been decided that if the king grants a messuage and all landq spectantes, aut cum eo dismissas, lands which have been enjoyed with it for a convenient time, pass; 2 Rolle. Abridg. 186. C. 25, 30L; Cro. Car. 169; Chitty on the Prerogatives, ch. 16, s. 3, p. 393; Corn. Dig. Grant, G. 5. In short, wherever the intent from the words is clear, or possesses a reasonable certainty, the same construction prevails in crown grants, as in private grants; especially where the grant is presumed to be from the voluntary bounty of the crown, and not from the representation of the subject.
It has been supposed, in the argument, that there is a distinction between grants of lands held by the king, and grants of franchises which are matters of prerogative, and held by the crown for the benefit of the public, as flowers of prerogative. I know of no such distinction; and lord Coke in the passage already cited, expressly excludes it; for he insists that the same liberal rule of interpretation is to be applied to cases of grants of liberties, as to cases of grants of lands.
I am aware, that Mr. Justice Blackstone, in his Commentaries, (2 Black. Corn. 347) has laid down some rules apparently varying from what has been stated. He says, "the manner of granting by the king does not more differ from that by a subject, than the construction of his grants when made. 1. A grant made by the king, at the suit of the grantee, shall be taken most beneficially for the king and against the party; whereas the grant of a subject is construed most strongly against the grantor, &c. 2. A subject's grant shall be construed to include many things besides what are expressed, if necessary for the operation of the grant. Therefore, in a private grant of the profits' of lond for one year, free ingress, egress, and regress, to cut and carry away those profits, are also inclusively granted, &e. But the king's grant -shall not enure to any other intent, than that which is precisely expressed in the grant. As if he grants land to an alien, it operates nothing; for such a grant shall not enure to make him a denizen, that so he may be capable to take by the grant." Now, in relation to the last position, there is nothing strange or unnatural in holding that a crown grant shall not enure to a totally different purpose from that which is expressed, or to a double intent; when all its terms are satisfied by a single intent. It is one thing to grant land to an alien and quite a different thing to make him a denizen. The one is not an incident to the other, nor does it naturally flow from it. The king may be willing to grant land to an alien, when

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
he may not be willing to give him all the privileges of a subject. It is well known that an alien may take land by grant, and may bold it.against every person but the king, and it does not go to the latter until office found; so that, in the mean time, an alienation by the alien will be good. A grant therefore, to an alien, is not utterly void. It takes effect, though it is not indefeasible. And, in this respect, there does not seem any difference 'between a grant by a private person, and by the crown; for the grant of the latter takes effect, though it is liable to be defeated.- See Com. Dig.&Alien, C. 4; 1 Leon. 47; 4 Leon. 82. The'question in such cases, is not whether there may not be implications in a crown grant; but whether a totally different effect shall be given to a crown grant from what its terms purport. The same principle was acted upon in Englefield's case; 7 Coke, R. 14, a. There the crown had demised certain lands which were forfeited by a tenant for life by attainder, to certain persons for forty years; and the crown being entitled to a condition which would defeat the remainder over after the death of the person attainted, tendered performance of the condition to the remainder man, who was a stranger to the demise; and he contended, that by the demise the condition was suspended. And it w s held, that the demise should not operate to a double intent, viz. to pass the term, and also, in favour of a stranger, to suspend the condition: for (it was said) "the grant of the crown shall be taken according to the express intenticqn comprehended in the grant, and shall not extend to any other thing by construction or implication, which doth not appear by the grant, that the intent did extend to;" though it might have been differeht in the ease of a subject.
In regard to Ihe other position of Mr. Justice Blackstone, it mar be supposed that be means to assert, that in a crown grant of the profits of land for a year, free ingress, egress and regress to take the profits, are not included by implication, as they would be in a subjects grant. If such be his meaning, he is certainly under a mistake. The same construction would be put upon each; for otherwise nothing would -pass by the grant. It is a principle of common sense, as well as of law, that when a thing is granted, whatever is necessary to its enjoyment is granted also. It is not presumed that the king means to make a void -grant;and, therefore, if it admits of two constructions, that shall be followed which will secure its validity and operation. In Comyn's Digest (Com. Dig. Grant E. 11. Co. Litt. 56, a.) a case is cited from the Year Book 1 Hen. 4, 5; (it should be 6, a.) that if there be a grant of land, cur pertinentiis,

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

593

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] to which common is appendant, the common passes as an incident, even though it be the grant of the king. So, it is said in the same case, if the king grant to me the foundation of an abbey, the coroAdy passes. So, if the king grant to. me a fair, I shall have a court of Piepoudre, as incident thereto. And there are other cases in the books to the same effect. See Bac. Abridg. Prerogative, F. 2,.p. 602; Comyn's Dig. Grant, G. 12; Lord Chandos's case, 6 Co. R. 55; Sir Robert Atkyn's case, 1 Vent. 399, 409; 9 Co. R. 29, 30. Finch in his treatise on the law, contains nothing beyond the common authorities; Finch's Law, b; 2, ch. 2, p. 24, edit. 1613 ; Cro. Eliz. 591; Per.Popham, 40. J. 17 Vin. Abridg. Prerogative, 0. c. pl. 13; Com. Dig. Franchite, C. 2; Inst. 282.
Lord Coke, after stating the decision of Sir John MQulin's case, (6 Co. R. 6,) adds these words: "Note the gravity of the ancient sages of the law to construe the king's grants beneficially for his honour, and not to make any strict or literal construction in subversion of such grants." This is an admonition, in my humble judgment, very fit to be fremembered and acted upon by all judges, who are called upon to interpose between the government and the citizen in cases of public grarits. Legat's case (10 Co. R. 109,) contains nothing, that in the slightest degree impugns the general doctrine here contended for. It proceeded upon a plain interpretation of the very words of the grant; and no implications were necessary or proper, to give it its full effect.
The case of the Royal Fishery of the Banne, decided in Ireland, in the privy council in 8th James 1st, (Davies' Rep. 149,) has been much relied on to establish the point, that the king's grant shall pass nothing by implication. That case, upon its actual circumstances, justifies no such sweeping conclusion. The king was owner of a royal fishery in gross, (which is material,) on the rivep"Banne, in navigable"waters, where the tide ebbed and flowed, about two leagues, from the sea; and he granted to Sir R. M'D. the territory of Rout, which is parcel of the county of Antrim, and adjoining to the river Banne, in that part where the said fishery is;. the grant containing the following words, "omnia castra, messuagia, &c. & .., piscarias, piscationes, aquas, aquarum cursus, &c., ac omnia alia hereditamenta in vel infra dictum, territorium de Rout, in comitatu Antrim,. exceptis, et ex hac concessione nobis heredibus et successoribus nostris reservatis tribus partibus piscationibus fluminis de Banne." The question was, whether the grant passed the royal fishery in the
VOL. XI.-4 F

SUPREME. COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
Banne to the grantee? And it was held, that it did not; first, because the river Banne, so far as the sea ebbs and flows, is a royal navigable river, and the fishery there a royal fishery; secondly, because no part of this royal fishery could pass by the grant of the land adjoining, and by the general grant of all the fisheries, [in or within the territory of Rout;] for this royal fishery is not appurtenant to the land, but is a fishery in gross, and parcel of the inheritance of the crown itself; and general words in the king's grant shall not pass such special royalty, which belongs to the crown by prerogative; thirdly, that by the exception in the grant of three parts of this fishery, the other fourth part of this fishery did: not pass by this grant; for the king's grant shall pass nothing by implication; and for this was cited 2 Hen. 7, 13.
Now, there is nothing in this case, which is not easily explicable upon the common principles of interpretation. The fishery was a royal fishery in gross, and not appurtenant to the territory of Rout; Ward v. Cresswell, Willes' R. 265. The terms of the grant were of all fisheries in and within this territory; and this excluded any fishery not within it, or not appurtenant to it. The prenses, then, clearly did not, upon any just construction, convey the fishery in question, for it was not within the territory. The only remaining question was, whether the exception of three quarters, would, by implication, carry the fourth part which was not excepted; that is, whether terms of exception in a crown grant should be construed to be terms of grant and not of exception. It is certainly no harsh application of the common rules of interpretation to hold, that al implication which required such a change in the natural meaning of the words, oughf not to be allowed to the prejudice of the crown. Non constat, that the king might not have supposed, at the time of .the grant, that he was owner of three parts only of the fishery, and not of the fourth paxt. This case of the fishery of the Banne, was cited and commented on by Mr. Justice Bayley in delivering the opinion of the court in the case of the Duke of Somerset v. Fogwell, (5 Barn. and Cres:. 875 and 885,) and the same view was taken of the grounds of the decision, which has been here stated: the learned judge adding, that it was further agreed in that case, that the grant of the king passes nothing" by implication; by which he must be untderstood to mean, nothing, which its terms do not, fairly and reasonably construd, embrace as a portion of or incident to the subject matter of ths grant.
As to. the case cited froth 2 Hen. 7, 13, (which was the sole au-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
thority relied on,) it turned upon a very different principle. There, the king by letters patent granted to a man that he might give twenty marks annual rent to a certain chaplain to pray for souls, &c.; and the question was, whether the grant was not void for uncertainty, as no chaplain was named. And the principal stress of the argument seems to have been, whether this lcense should be construed to create or enable the grantee to create-a corporation capable of taking the rent. In the argument it was asserted that the king's grants should not be construed, by implication, to create a corporation, or to enure to a double intent.- In point of fact, however, I find (Chronica Juridicialia, p. 141,) that neither of the persons, whose opinions are stated in the case, was a judge at the time of the argument, nor does it appear what the decision was; so that the whole report is but the argument of counsel. The same case is fully reported by lord Coke, in the case of Sutton's Hospital, (10 Co. Rep. 27, 28,) who says that he had seen the original record, and who gives the opinions of- the judges at large, by which it appears that the grant was held vaiid. And so says lord Coke, "1Note, reader, this grant of the king enures to these intents, viz. to make an incorporation; to make a succession; and to grant-a rent." So, that here we have a case, not only of a royal grant being construed liberally, but divers implications being made not at all founded in the express terms of the grant. The reason of which was, (as lord Coke says,) because the king's charter made for the erection of pious and charitable works, shall be always taken in the most favourable and beneficial sense. This case was recognised by the judges as sound law, in the case of Sutton's Hospital. And it was clearly admitted by the judges, that in a charter of incorporation by the crown, all the incidents to a corporation were tacitly annexed, although not named; as the right to sue and be sued; to purchase, -hold, and alien lands; to make by-laws, &c. &c. And if power is expressly given to purchase, but no clause to alien, the latter follows by implication, as an incident; Comyn's Dig. Franchise, F. 6, F. 10, F. 15. It is very difficult to affirm iii the teeth of such authorities, that in the king's grants nothing is to be taken by implication; as is gravely asserted in the case in Davies' Reports, 149. The case.. cited to support it is directly against it. In truth, it is obvious, that the learned judges mistook the mere arguments of counsel, for the solemn opinions of the court. And the case, as decided, is a direct authority the other way.

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles Rivet Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
The case of Blankley v. Winstanley, (3 T. R. 279,) has also been relied on for the same purpose. But it has nothing to do with the point. The court there held that by the saving in the very body of
the charter, the concurrent jurisdiction of the county magistrates was preserved. There was nothing said by the court, in respect to the implications in crown grants. The, whole argument turned upon the meaning of the express clauses.
Much reliance has also been placed upon the language of lord Stowell in the Elsebe, 5 Rob. 173. The main question in that case was, whether the crown had a right to release captured property before adjudication, without the consent of the captors. That question depended -upon the effect of the king'i orders in council, hiN proclamation, and the parliamentary prize act; for, indep'endently of these acts, it was clear, that all captured property, jure belli, belonged to the crown; and was subject to its sole disposal. Lord Stowell, whose eminent qualifications as a judge entitle him to great reverence, on that occasion said, "A general presumption arising from these considerations is, that government does not mean to divest itself of this universal attribute of sovereignty conferred for such purposes, (to be used for peace, as well as war) unless it is so clearly and unequivocally expressed. In conjunction with this universal presumption; must be taken, also, the wise policy of our own peculiar law, which interprets the grants of the crown in this respect, by *other rules than those which are applicable in the construction of the grants of individuals. Against an individual it is presumed that he meant to convey a benefit, -with the utmost liberality that his words will bear. It is indifferent to the public, in which person an interest remains, whether in the grantor or the taker. With regard to the grant of the sovereign, it is far otherwise. It is not held by the sovereign himself as private property, and no alienation shall be presumed, except what is clearly and indisputably expressed." Now, the right of the captors in that case, was given by the words of the king's order in council only. It was a right to seize and bring in for adjudication. The right to seize then was given, and the duty to bring in for adjudication was imposed. If nothing more hid existed, it would -be clear that the Crown would have the general property in the captures. Then, again, the prize act'aud prize proclamation gave to the captors a right iftihe property afteradjudication, as lawful prize,'and not before. This very limitation naturally implied, that until adjudicationthey had no right in.the property.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
And this is the ground, upon which lord Stowell placed his judgment, as the clear result of a reasonable interpretation of these acts; declining to rely on any reasoning from considerations of public policy. And it is t6 be considered that lord Stowell was not speaking of an ordinary grant of land, or of franchises, in the common course of mere municipal regulations; but of sovereign attributes and prerogatives, involving the great rights and duties of war and peace, where, upon every motive of public policy, and every ground of rational interpretation, there might be great hesitation in extending the terms of a grant beyorid their fair interpretation.
But, what I repeat, is most material to be stated, is, that all this doctrine in relation to the king's prerogative of having a construction in his own favour, is exclusively confined to cases of mere donation, flowing from the bounty of the crown. Whenever the grant is upon a valuable consideration, the rule of construction ceases; and the grant is expounded exactly as it would be in the case of a private grant, favourably to the grantee. Why is this rule adopted? Plainly, because the grant is a contract, and is to be interpreted according to its fair meaning. It would be to the dishonour of the government, that it should pocket a fair consideration, afid then quibble as to the obscurities and implications of its own contract. Such was the doctrine of my lord Coke, and of the venerable sages of the law in other times, when a resistance to prerogative was equivalent to a removal from office. Even in the worst ages of arbitrary power, and irresistible prerogative, they did not hesitate to declare, that contracts founded in a valuable consideration ought to be construed liberally for the subject, for the honour of the crown; 2 Co. Inst. 496. See also Com. Dig. Franchise, C. F. 6. If we are to have the grants of the legislature construed by the rules applicable to royal grants, it is but common justice to follow them throughout, for the honour of this republic. The justice of the commonwealth will not, (I trust,) be deemed less extensive than that of the crown.
I think that I have demonstrated, upon authority, that it is by no means true, that implications may not, and ought not to be admitted in regard to crown grants. And I would conclude what I have to say on this head, by a remark made by the late Mr. Chief Justice Parsons, a lawyer equally remarkable for his extraordinary genius, and his professional learning. '"In England, prerogative is the cause of one against the whole. Here, it is the cause of all against

SUPREME COUR T .
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
one. In the first case, the feelings and vices, as well as the virtues, are enlisted against it; in the last in favour of it. And, therefore, here, it is of more importance that the judicial courts should take care that the claim of prerogative should be more strictlywatc/ed;" Martin v. Commonwealth, 1 Mass. R. 356.
If, then, the present were the case of a royal grant, I should most strenuously contend, both upon principle and authority, that it was to receive a liberal, and not a strict construction. I should so contend upon the plain intent of the charter, from its nature and objects, and from its burthens and duties. It is confessedly a case of contract, nd not of bounty; a case of contract for a valuable consideration; for objects of public utility; to encourage enterprise; to advance the public convenience; and to secure a just remuneration for large outlays of private capital. What is there in such a grant of the crown, which should demand from any court ofjustice a narrow and strict interpretation of its terms? Where is the authority which contains such a doctrine, or justifies such aconclusion? Let it not be assumed, and then reasoned from, as an undisputed concession. If the common law carries in its bosom such a principle, it can be shown by some authorities, which ought to bind the judgment, even if they do not convince the understanding. In all my researches I have not been able to find any, whose reach does not fall far, very far short of establishing any such doctrine. Prerogative has never been wanting in pushing forward its own claims for indulgence, or exemption. But it has never yet (as far as I know) pushed them to this extravagance.
I stand upon the old law; upon law established more than three centuries ago, in cases contested with as much ability and learning, as any in the annals o^ our jurisprudence, in resisting any such encroachrnents upon the rights and liberties of the citizens, secured by public grants. I will not consent to shake their title deeds, by any speculative niceties or novelties.
The present, however, is not the case of a royal grant, but of a legislative grant, by a public statute. The rules of the common law in relation to royal grants have, therefore, in reality, nothing to do vith the case. We are to give this act of incorporation a rational and fair construction, according to the general rules which govern in all cases of the exposition of public statutes. We are to ascertain the legislative intent; and that once ascertained, it is our duty to give it a full and liberal operation. The books are full of cases to this

JAN UARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
effect; see Com. Dig. Parliament, R. 10, to R. 28;,Bac. Abridg. Statute;) if indeed so plain a principle of common sense and common justice stood in any need of authority to support it. Lord Chief Justi Eyre, in the case of Boulton v. Bull, (2 H. 136, 463, 500,) took notice of the disetinction between the construction of a crown grant, and a grant by an act of parliament; and held the rules of the common law, introduced for the protection of the crown in respect to its own grants, to be inapplicable to a grant by an act of parliament. "It is to be observed" (said his lordship,) "that there is nothing technical in the composition of an act of parliament. Iii the exposition of statutes, the intent of parliament is the guide: It is expressly laid down in our books (I do not here speak of penal statutes,) that every statute ought to be expounded, not according to the letter, but the intent." Again, he said: "This case was compared to the case of the king being deceived in his grants. But I am not satisfied, that the king, proceeding by and with the advice of parliament, is in that situation, in respect to which he is under the special protection of the law; and that he could on that ground be considered as deceived in his grant. No ease was cited to prove that position."
Now, it is to be remembered, that his lordship was speaking upon the construction of an act of parliament of a private nature; an act of parliament in the nature of a monopoly; an act of parliament granting an exclusive patent for an invention to the celebrated Mr. Watt. And let it be added, that his opinion as to the validity o' that grant, notwithstanding all the obscurities of the act, was ultimately sustained in the king's bench by q definitive judgment in its favour; see Hornblower v. Boulton, 8 T. R. 95. A doctrine. equally just and liberal has been repeatedly recognised by the supreme court of Massachusetts. In the case of Richards v. Daggett, (4 Mass. R. 534, 537,) Mr. Chief Justice Parsons, in delivering the opinion of the court, said; "It is always to be presumed, that the legislature intend the most beneficial construction of their acts, when the design of them is not apparent;" see also Inhabitants of Somerset v. Inhabitants of Dighton, 12 Mass. R. 383; Whitney v. Whitney, 14 Mass. R. 88; 8 Mass. R. 523; Holbrook v. Holbrook, 1 Pick. R.; Stanwood v. Pierce, 7 Mass. IL 458. Even in relation to mere private statutes, made for the accommodation of particular citizens, and which may affect the rights and privileges of others; courts of law will give them a large construction, if it arise from necessary implication; Coolidge v. Williams, 4 Mass. R. i45.

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles Rive'r Bridge v. Warren Bridge et a].] As to the manner of construing parliamentary grants for private enterprise, there are some recent decisions, which, in my judgment, establish two very important principles applicable directly to the present case; which, if not confirmatory of the views, which I have endeavoured to maintain, are at least not repugnant to them. The first is, that all grants for purposes of this sort are to be construed as contracts between the government and the grantees, and not as mere laws; the second is, that they are to receive a reasonable construction; and that if either upon their express terms, or by just inference from the terms, the, intent of the contract can be made out, it is to be recognised and enforced accordingly. But if the language be ambiguous, or if the inference be not clearly made out, then the contrct is to be taken most strongly against the grantor, and most favourably for the public. The first case is The Company of Proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal v. Hustler, (1 Barn. and Cressw. 424,) where the question was upon the terms of the charter, granting a toll. The toll was payable on empty boats passing a lock of the canal. The dourt said; "no toll was expressly imposed upon empty boats,. &c., and we are called upon to say that such a toll was imposed by inference. Those who seek to impose a burthen upon the public, shiuld take care that their claim rests upon plain and unambiguous language. Here the claim is by no means clear." The next case was the Kingston-upon-Hull Dock Company v. La Marche, (8 Barn. and Cresswell, 42,) where the question was as to a right to wharfage of goods shipped off from their quays. Lord Tenterden, in'delivering the judgment of the court in the negative, said; "this was clearly a bargain made between a company of adventurers and the public; and, as in many similar cases, the terms of 'the bargain are contained in the act: and the plaintiffs can claim nothing which is not clearly given." The next case is the Proprietors or the Stourbridge Canal v. Wheeley, (2 Barn. and Adolph. 792,) in which the question was as to a right to certain tolls. Lord Tenterden, in delivering the opinion of the court, said; "this lik? many other cases, is a bargain between a company of adventurers and the public, the terms of which are expressed in the statute. And the rule of construction in all such cases is now fully established to be this: That any ambiguity in the terms of the contract must operate against the adventurers, and in favour of the public; and tfic plaintiffs can claim nothing which is not clearly given to them by the act." "Now, it is quite certain, that the company have no right expressly given to receive any compensation, except, &c.; and therc-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

601

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
fore it is incumbent upon them to show, that they have a right, clearly given by inference from some other of the clauses." This latter statement shows, that it is not indispensable, that in grants of this soft,'the contract or the terms of the bargain should be in express language; it is sufficient if they may be clearly proved by im-
plication or inference. I admit, that where the terms of a grant are to impose burthens
upon the public, or to create a restraint injurious to the public inte-
rest, there is sound reason for interpreting the terms, if ambiguous, in favour of the public. But at the same time, I insist, that there is not the slightest reason for saying, even in such a case, that the grant is not to be construed favourably to the grantee, so as to secure him in the enjoyment of what is actually granted.
I have taken up more time in the discussion of this point than, perhaps, the occasion required, because of its importance, and the zeal, and earnestness, and learning, with which the argument for a strict construction has been pressed upon the Court; as in some sort vital to the merits of this controversy. I feel the more confirmed in my own views upon the subject, by the consideration, that every judge of the state court, in delivering his opinion, admitted, either directly, or by inference, -the very principle for which I contend. Mr. Justice Morton, who pressed the doctrine of a strict construction most strongly, at the same time said; "although no distinct thing or right will pass by implication, yet I do not mean to quest tion, that the words used-should be understood in their most natural and obvious sense; and that whatever is essential to the enjoyment of the thing granted will be necessarily implied in the grant;" 7 Pick.'R. 462. Mr. Justice Wilde said; "in doubtful cases it.seems to me a sound and wholesome rule of construction to interpret pub-* lie grants most favourably to the public interests,. and that they are not to be enlarged by doubtful implications." "When therefore the legislature makes a grant of a public franchise, it is not to be extended by construction beyond its clear and obvious meaning." "There are some legislative grants, no doubt, that may admit of a different rule of construction; such as grants of land on a valuable consideration, and the like;" 7 Pick. 469. These two learned judges were adverse to the plaintiffs' claim. But the two other learned judges, who were in favour of it, took a much broader and more liberal view of the rules of interpretation of the charter.
An attempt has, however, been made to put the case of legislativo VOL. XI.-4 G

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
grants upon the same footing as royal grants, as to their construction; upon some supposed analogy between royal grants and legislative grants under our republican forms of government. Such a claim in favour of republican prerogative is new; and no authority has been cited which supports it. Our legislatures neither have, nor affect to have any royal prerogatives. There is no provision in the constitution authorizing their grants to be construed differently from the grants of private persons, in regard to the like subject matter. The policy of the common law, which gave the crown so many exclusive privileges, and extraordinary claims, different from those of the subject, was founded in a good measure, if not altogether, upon the divine right of kings, or at least upon a sense of their exalted dignity and pre-eminence over all subjects, and upon the notion, that they are entitled- to peculiar favour, for the protection of their kingly .rights and office. Parliamentary grants never er joyed any such privileges. They were always construed according to common sense and common reason, upon their language and their intent. What reason is there, that our legislative acts should not receive a similar interpretation? Is it nut at least as important in our free governments, that a citizen should have as much security for his rights and estate derived from the grants of the legislature, as he would have in England? What solid ground is there to say, that the words of a grant in the mouth of a citizen, shall mean one thing, and in the mouth of the legislature shall mean another thing? That in regard to the grant of a citizen, every word shall in case of any question of interpretation or implication be construed against him, and in regard to the grant of the goi .-rnment, every word shall be construed in its favour? That language shall be construed, not according to itA natural import ind implications from its own proper sense, and the objects of the instrvment; but shall change its meaning, as it is spoken by .,the whole people, or by one of them? There may be very solid grounds to say, that neither grants nor charters ought to be extended beyond the fair reach of their words; and that no implications ought to be made, which are not clearly deducible from the language, and the nature and 6bjects of the grant.
In the case of a legislative grant, there is no ground to impute surprise, imposition or mistake to the same extent as in a mere private grant of the crown. The words are the words of the legislature, .upon solemn deliberation, and examination, and debate. Their perport is presumed to be well known, and the public interests are

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Chauies River Bridge v.Warren Bridge et al.]
watched, and guarded by all the varieties of local, personal and professional jealousy; as well as by the untiring zeal of numbers, devoted to the public service.
It should also be constantly kept in mind, that in -construing this charter, we are not construing a statute involving political powers and sovereignty, like those involved in the case of the Elsebe, 5 Rob. R. 173. We are construing a grant of the legislature, which though in the form of a statute, is still but a solemn contract. In such a case, the true course is to ascertain the sense of the parties from the terms of the instrument; and that once ascertained, to give it full effect. Lord Coke, indeed, recommends this as the best rule, even in respect to royal grants. ",The best exposition"' (says he,) "of the king's charter is, upon the consideration of the whole charter, to expound the charter by the charter itself; every material part thereof [being] explained according to the true and genuine sense, which is the best method." Case of Sutton's Hospital, 10 Co. R. 24, b
But with a view to induce the Court to withdraw from all the common rules of reasonable and liberal interpretation in favour of grants, we have been told at the argument, that this very charter is a restriction upon the legislative power; that it is in derogation of the rights and interests of the state, and the people; that it tends to promote monopolies, and exclusive privileges; and that it will interpose an insuperable barrier to the progress of improveinent. No,#,. upon every one of these propositions, which are assumed, and not proved, I entertain a directly opposite opinion; and, if I did not, I am not prepared to admit the conclusion for which they are adduced. If the legislatuire has made a grant, i;hich involves any or all of these consequences, it is not for courts, of justice to overturn the plain sense of the grant, because it has been improvidently 'or injuriously made.
But I deny the very ground work of the'argument. This chatter is.not (as I have already said) any restriction upon the legislative power; unless it be true, that because the legislature cannot grant again, what it has already granted, the legislative power is restricted. If so, then every grant of the public land is a restriction upon that power; a doctrine, that has never yet been estpblished, nor (as far as I know) ever contended for. Every grant of a franchise is, so' far as that grant extends, necessarily, exclusive; and cannot -be resumed, or interfered with. All the learned judges in the state

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et aL.]
court admitted, that the franchise of Charles River Bridge, whatever it be, could not be resumed, or interfered with. The legislature could not recall its grant, or destroy it. It is a contract, whose obligation cannot be constitutionally impaired. In this respect, it does not differ from a grant of lands. In each case, the particular land, or the particular franchise, is withdrawn from the legislative operation. The identical land, or the identical franchise, cannot be regranted, or avoided by a new grant. But the legislative power remains unrestricted. The subject matter only (I repeat it) has passed from the hands of the government. If the legislature should order a government debt '.o be paid by a sale of the public stock, and it is so pgid, the legislative power over the funds of the government remains unrestricted, although it has ceased over the particular stock, which has been thus sold. For the present, I pass over all further consideration of this topic, as it will necessarily come again under review, in examining an objection of a niore broad and comprehensive nature.
Then, agdin, how is it established that this is a grant in derogation of the rights and interests of the people? No individual citizen has any right to build a bridge, over navigable waters; and consequently he is deprived of no right, when a grant is made to any other persons for that purpose. Whether it promotes or injures the particular interest of an individual citizen, constitutes no ground for judicial or legislative interference, beyond what his own rights justify. When, then, it is said, that such a grant is in derogation of the rights and interests of the people, we must understand that reference is had to the rights and interests common to the whole people, as such, (such as the right of navigation,) or belonging to them as a political body; or, in other words, the rights and interests of the state. Now, I cannot understand how-any grant of a franchise is a derogation from the rights of the people of the state, any more than a grant of public land. The right, in each case, is gone to the extent of the thing granted, and so far may be said .to derogate from, that is to say, to lessen the rights of the people, or of the state. But that is not the sense in whieh the argtment is pressed; for, by derogation, is here meant -an injurious or mischievous detraction from the sovereign rights of the state. On the other hand, there can be no derogation from the rights of the people, as such, except it applies to rights common there before; which the building of a bridge over navigable waters certainly is not. If it had been said that

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] the grant of this bridge was in derogation of the common right of navigating the Charles River, by reason 'of its obstructing, pro tanto, a free and open passage, the ground would have been intelligible. So, if it had been an exclusive grant-of the navigation of that stream. But, if at the same time, equivalent public rights of a different nature, but of greater public accommodation and use, had been obtained'; it could hardly have been said, in a correct sense, that there was any derogation from the rights of the people, or the rights of the state. It would be a mere exchange of one public right for another.
Then, again, as to the grant being against the interests of the people. I know not how that is established; and certainly it 'insot to be assumed. It will hardly be contended that every grant of the government.is injurious to the interests of the people; or that every grant of a franchise must necessarily be so. The erection of a bridge may be of the highest utility to the people. It may essentially promote the public convenience, and aid the public interests, and protect the public property. And if no persons can-be found willing to undertake such a work, unless they receive in return the exclusive privilege of erecting it, and taking toll; surely it cannot e said, as of course, that such a grant, under such, circumstances, is, per se, against the interests of the people. Whether the grant of a franchise is, or is not, on the whole, promotive of the public interests; is a question of fact and judgment, upon which different minds may entertain different opinions. It is not to be judicially assumed to be injurious, and then the grant to be reasoned down. Itis a matter exclusively confided to the sober consideration of the legislature; which is invested with full discretion, and possesses ample means to decide it. For myself, meaning to speak with all due deference for others, I know of no power or authority confided to the judicial department, to rejudge the decisions of the legislature upon such a subject. It has an exclusive right to make the grant, and to decide whether it be, or be not, for the public interests. It is to be presumed, if the grant is made, that it is made from a high sense of public duty, to promote the public welfare, and to establish the public prosperity. In this very case, the legislature has, upon the very face of the act, made a solemn declaration as to the motive fof passing it; that-" The erecting of a bridge over Charles River, &c., will be of great public utility."
What court of justice is invested with authority to gainsay this

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
declaration? To strike it out of the act, and reason upon the other words, as if it were not there? To pronounce that a grant is against the interests of the people, which the legislature has declared to be of great utility to the people? It seems to me to be our duty to interpret laws, and not to wander into speculations upon their policy. And where, I may ask, is the proof that Charles River Bridge has been against the interests of the people? The record contains no such proof; and it is, therefore, a just presumption that it does not exist.
Again, it is argued that the present grant is a grant of a monopoly, and of exclusive privileges; and therefore to be construed by the most narrow mode of interpretation. The sixth article of the bill of rights of Massachusetts has been supposed to support the objection; "No -man, nor Corporation, or association of men, have any other title to obtain advantages or particular and exclusive privileges distinct from those of the community, than what arises from the consideration of services rendered to the public; and this title being in nature neither hereditary nor transmissive to children, or descendants, or relations by blood, the idea of a man born a magistrate, lawgiver, or judge, is absurd and unnatural." Now, it is plain, that taking this whole clause together, it is not an inhibition of all legislative grants of exclusive privileges; but a promulgation of the reasons why there should be no hereditary magistrates, legislators, or judges. But it admits, by necessary implication, the right to grant exclusive privileges for public services, without ascertaining of what nature those services may be. It might be sufficient co say, that all the learned judges in the state court, admitted that the grant of-an exclusive right to take toll at a ferry, or a bridge, or a turnpike, is not a monopoly which. is deemed odious in law; nor one of the particular and exclusive privileges, distinct from those of the community, which are reprobated in the bill of rights. All that was asserted by the judges, opposed to a liberal interpretation of this grant, was, that it tended to promote monopolies. See the case, 7 Pick. R. 116, 132, 137.
Again; the old colonial act of 1641 against monopolies, has been relied on to fortify the same argument. That statute is merely in affirmance of the principles of the English statute against monopolies, of 21 James I. ch. 3; and if it were now in force, (which it is not) it would require the same construction.
There is great virtue in particular phrases: and when it is once

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
suggested, that a grant is of the nature or tendency of a monopoly, the mind almost instantaneously prepares itself to reject every construction which does not'pare it down to the narrowest limits. It is an honest prejudice, which grew up in former times from the gross abuses of the royal prerogatives; to which, in America, there are no 'anarogous authorities. But, what is a monopoly, ts understood in law? It is an exclusive right granted to a few, of something which was before of common right. Thus, a privilege granted by the king for the sole buying, selling, making, working, or using a thing, whereby the subject, in general, is restrained from that liberty of manufacturing or trading, which before he had, is a monopoly; 4 Black. Comm. 159; Bac. Abridg. Prerogative, F. 4.
My lord Coke, in his Pleas of the Crown; 3 Inst. 181; has given this very definition of a monopoly; and that definition was approved by Holt and Treby, (afterwards chief justices of king's bench,) arguendo, as counsel, in the great case of the East India Company v. Sandys; 10o Howell, State Trials, 386. His words are, that a monopoly is "an institution by the king, by his grant, commission, or otherwise, to any persons or corporations, of or for the sole buying, selling, making, working or using of every thing, wsmreby any persons or corporations are sought to be restrained of any freedom or liberty they had. before, or hindered in their lawful trade." So, that it is not the case of a monopoly, if the subjects had not the common right or liberty before to do the act, or possess and enjoy the privilege or franchise granted, as a common right; 10 Howell, State Trials, 425. And it deserves an especial remark, that this doctrine was an admitted concession, pervading the entire arguments of the counsel who opposed, as well' as of those who maintained the grant of the exclusive trade in the case of the East India Company v. Sandys, (10 How. St. Tr. 386,) a case which constitutes, in a great measure, the basis of this branch of the law.
No sound lawyer will, I presume, assert that the grant of a right to erect a bridge over a navigable stream, is a grant of a common right. Before such grant, had all the citizens of the state a right to erect bridges over navigable streams? Certainly they had not; and, therefore, the grant was no restriction of any common right. It was neither a monopoly; nor, in a legal sense, had it any tendency to a monopoly. It took from no citizen what he possessed befdre; and had no tendency to take it from him. It took, indeed, from the legislature the power of granting the same identical privilege or fran-

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles Itiver Bridge v..Warren Bridge et al.]
chise to any other persons. But this .madeit no more a monopoly, than the grant of the public stock or funds of a state for a valuable consideration. Even in cases of monopolies, strictly so called, if the nature of the grant be such that it is for the public good,-as in cases of patents for inventions, the rule has always been to give them a favourable construction in support of the patent, as Lord Chief Justice Eyre sail, ut res magis valeat quam' pereat; Boulton v. Bull,'2 H. B1. 463, 500. * But it has been argued, and the argument has been pressed in every form which ingenuity could suggest, that if grants of this nature are to be construed liberally, as conferring any exclusive rights on the grantees, it will interpose an effectual barrier against all general improvements of the country. For myself, I profess not to feel the cogency of,this argument; either in its general application to the grant of franchises, or in its special application to the tresent grant. This is a subject upon which different minds may well arrive at different conclusions, both as to policy and principle. Men may, and will, complexionally differ upon topics of this sort, according to their natural and acquired habits of speculation and opinion. For my own part, I can conceive of no surer plan to arrest all public .improvements, founded, on private capital and enterprise, than to make the outlay of that capital uncertain, and questionable both as to security, and as to productiveness. No man will hazard his capital in any enterprise, in which, if there be a loss, it must be borne exclusively by himself; and if there be success, he has not the slightest 'security of enjoying the rewards of that success for a single moment. If the government means tq invite its citizens to enlarge the public comforts and conveniences, to establish bridges, or turnpikes, or canals, or railroads, there must be .some pledge, that the property will be safe; that the enjoyment will be co-extensive with the grant: and that success' will not be the signal of a general combination to overthrow its rights, and to take away its profits. ' The very agitation of a question of this sort,-is sufficient to alarm every stockholder in every public enterprise of this sort, throughout the whole country. Ajready, in my ngtive.state, the legislature has found it necessary expressly to concede the exclusive privilege here contended against; "n order to insure thc"accomplishment of a rail road for the benefit of the public. Ahd yet, we are told, that all such exclusive grants are to the detriment of the public.
But if there were any foundation for the argument itself in a

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

609

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
general view, it would totally fail in its application to the present case. Here, the grant, however exclusive, is but for a short and limited period, more than two-thirds of which have Already elapsed; and, when it is gone, the whole property and franchise are to revert to the state. The legislature exercised a wholesome foresight on the subject; and within .a reasonable period it will have an unrestricted authority to do whatever it may choose, in 'the appropriation of the bridge and its tolls. There is not, then, under any fair aspect of the case, the slightest reason to presume that public improvements either can, or will, be injuriously retarded by a liberal construction of the present grant.
I have thus endeavoured to answer, and I think I have successfully answered all the arguments, (which indeed run into each other) adduced to justify a strict construction of the present charter. I go further, and maintain not only, that it is not a case for strict construction; but that the charter upon its very face, by its terms, and for its professed objects, demands from the Court, upon undeniable principles of law, a favourable construction for the grantees. In the first place, the legislature has declared, that the erecting of the bridge will be of great public utility; and this exposition of its own motives for the grant, requires the Court to give a liberal ititerpretation, in order to- promote, and not t9 destroy an enterprise of great public utility. In the next place, the grant is a contract for a valuable consideration, and a full and adequate consideration. The proprietors are to lay out a large sum of money, (and in those times it was a very large outlay of capital,) in erecting a bridge; they are to keep it in repair during the whole period of forty years;.they are to surrender it in good repair at the end of that period to the state, as its own property; they are to pay, during the whole period, an annuity of two hundred pounds to Harvard college; and they are to incur other heavy expenses and burthens, for the public accommodation. In return. for all -these charges, they are entitled to no more than the receipt of the tolls during the forty years, for their reimbursement of capital, interest and expenses. With all this they are to take upon themselves the chances of success; and if the enterprise fails, the loss is exclusively"their own. Nor let any man imagine, that there was not, -at the time when this charter was granted, much solid ground for doubting success. In order to entertain.a just view of this subject, we must go back to that period of general bankruptcy, and distress and difficulty. the constitution of
VOL. XI.-4 H

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles Rivei Bridge v..Warren Bridge et al.]
the United States was iot only not then in existence, but it was not then even dreamed of. The union of the states was crumbling into ruins, under the old confederation. Agriculture, manufactures and commerce, were at their lowest ebb. There was infinite danger to all the states from local interests and jealousies, and from the apparent impossibility of a much' longer adherence to that shadow of a government, the continental congress. And even four years afterwards, when every evil had been greatly aggravated, and civil war was added to other calamities, the constitution of the United States was all bat shipwrecked in passing through the state conventions. It was adopted by very slender majorities. These are historical facts which required no colouring to give them effect, and admitted of no concealment to seduce men into schemes of future aggrandizement. I would even now put it to the common sense of every man, whether, if the constitution of the United States had not been adopted, the charter would have been worth a forty years' purchase of the tolls.
This is not all. It is well known, historically, that this was the very first bridge ever constructed in New England, over navigable tide waters so near the sea. The rigours of our climate, the dangers from sudden thaws and freezing, and the obstructions from ice in a rapid current, were deemed by many persons to be insuperable obstacles to the success of such a project. It was believed, that the bridge would scarcely stand a single severe winter. And I myself am old enough to know, that in regard to other arms of the sea, at much later periods, the same doubts have had a strong and depressing influence upon public enterprises. If Charles River Bridge had been carried away during the first or second season after its erection, it is far from being certain, that up to this moment another bridge, upon such an arm of the 'sea, would ever have been erected in Mossachusetts. I state these things which are of public notoriety, to repel the notion that the legislature was surprised into an incautious grant, or that, the reward was more than adequate to the perils. There was a full -and adequ te consideration, in a pecuniary sense, for the charter. But; in a more general sense, the erection of the bridge, as a matter of accommodation, has been incalculably beneficial to the public.. Unless, therefore, we are wholly to disregard the declarations of the legislature, and the objects of the charter, and the historical facts of 'the times; and indulge in mere private speculations of profit and loss by our present lights and experience;

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
it seems to me, that the Court is bound to come to the interpretation of this charter, with a persuasion that it was granted in furtherance, and not in derogation of the public good.
But I do not insist upon any extraordinary liberality in interpreting this charter. All I contend for is that it shall receive a fair and reasoxiable interpretation; so as to carry into effect the legislative intention, and secure to the grantees a just security for their -privileges. I might, indeed, well have spared myself any investigation of the principles upon which royal and legislative grants are ordinarily to be construed; for this.Court has itself furnished an unequivocal rule for interpreting all public contracts. The present grant is confessedly a contract; and in Huidekooper's Lessee v. Douglas, (3 Cranch, R. 1; S. C., I Peters' Cond. R. 446,) this Court said: "This is a contract, and although a state is a party, it ought to be construed according to those well established principles which regulate contracts generally;" that is, precisely as in cases between mere private persons, taking into consideration the nature and objects of the grant. A like rule was adopted by this Court in the case of a contract by the United States; United States v. Gurney, 4 CranchA, 333; S. C., 2 Peters' Condensed R. 132. And the good sense and justice of the rule seem equally irresistible.
Let us now enter upon the consideration of the terms of the charter. In my judgment, nothing can be more plain than that it is a grant of a right to erect a bridge between Boston and Charlestown, in the place where the ferry between those towns was kept. It has been said that the charter itself does not describe the bridge as between Charlestown and Boston; but grants an authority to erect "a bridge over Charles river, in the place where the old ferry was then kept;" and that these towns are not named, except for the purpose of describing the then ferry. Now, this seems to me, with all due deference, to be a distinction without a difference. The bridge is to be erected in the place where the old' ferry then was. But where was it to begin, and where was it to terminate? Boston and Charlestown are the only possible termini, for the ferry ways were there; and it was to be built between Boston and Charlestown, because the ferry was between them. Surely,,according to the true sense of the preamble, where alone the descriptive words occur, (for it is a great mistake to suppose, that the enacting clause any where refers, except by implication, to the location of the bridge,) it is wholly immaterial, whether we read the clause, "whereas the erecting of a bridge

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v.,Warren Bridge et al.]
over Charles river in the place where the ferry between Boston and Charlestown is now kept;" or "whereas the erecting of a bridge over Charles river between Charlestown and Boston, where the ferry is now kept." In each case the bridge is to be between Boston and Charlestown; and the termini are the ferry ways. The title of the act puts this beyond all controversy; for it is "an act for incorporating certain persons for the purpose of building a bridge over Charles river between Boston and Charlestown, &c." But, then, we are told that no rule in construing statutes is better settled, than that the title of an act does not constitute any part of the act. If by this no more be meant, than that the -title of an act constitutes no part of its enacting clauses, the accuracy of the position will not be disputed. But if it is meant to say that the title of the act does not belong to it for any purpose of explanation or construction, and that in no sense is it any part of the act; I, for one,,must deny, that there is any such settled principle of law. On the contrary, I understand that the title of an act, (though it is not ordinarily resorted to,) may be legitimately resorted to for the purpose of ascertaining the legislative intention, just as much as any other part of the act. In point of fact it is usually'resorted to, whenever it may assist us in removing any ambiguities in the enacting clauses. Thus, in the great case of S utton's Hospita1, (10 Co. R. 23,24, b.) the title of an act of parliamaent -wasthought not unworthy to b6 examined in construing the design of the act. In Boulton v. Bull, (2 Hen. Bl.463, 500,) the effect of the title of an act was largely insisted upon in the argument, as furnishing a key to the intent of the enacting clauses. And Lord 'Chief Justice Eyre admitted the propriety of the argument, and met it by saying, that, in thht case, he would, if necessary, expound the word "engine," in the body of-the bill in opposition to the title to it, to mean a "method" in order to support the patent. In the case of the United States v. Fisher, (2 Cranch, R. 358; S.C., 1 Peters' Con. R. 42,1,) the Supreme Court of the United States expressly recognised the doctrine, and gave it a practical application. In that case the Chief Justice, in delivering the opinion ofthe Court, after adverting to the argument at the bar, respecting the degree of influence which the title, of an act ought to have in construing the enacting clauses, said: "Where the mind labours to discover the design of the legislature, it seizes every thing from which aid can be derived; and in such a case the title claims a degree of notice, and will have its due
share of consideration."

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

613

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
According to my views of the terms of the charter, the grant, then, is of the franchise of erecting a bridge over Charles river, between Charlestown and Boston, and of taking tolls or pontage from passengers. It is, theiefore, limited to those towns; and does not exclude the legislature from any right to giant a bridge over the same river between any other towns and Boston; as, for example, between Chelsea and Boston, or Cambridge and Boston, or Roxbury and Boston.
But although, in my judgment, this is the true construction of the limits of the charter, ex vi terminorum, my opinion does not, in any important degree, rest upon it. Taking this to be a grant of a right to build a bridge over Charles river, in the place Where the old ferry betweed Charlestown and Boston was then kept, (as is contended for by the defendants;) still it has, as all such grants must have, a fixed locality, 6nd the same question meets us: is the grant confined to the mere right to erect a bridge on the proper spot, and to take toll of' the passengers, who may pass over it, without any exclusive, franchise on either side of the local limits of the bridge? Or does it; by implication, include an exclusive franchise on each side to qn extent, which shall shut out any injurious competition? In other words, does the grant still leave the -legislature at liberty to erect other bridges on either side, free or with tolls, even in juxta-position with the timbers and planks of this bridge? Or is there an implied
obligation on *thepart of the legislature, to abstain from all acts of this sort, which shall impair or destroy the value of the grant? The defendants contend, that the exclusive right of the plaintiffs extends no further than the -planks- and timbers of the bridge; and that the legislature is at full :liberty to grant any new bridge, however near; and although it may take away a large portion, or even the whole of the travel which would otherwise pass over the bridge of the plain-. tiffs. And to this extent the defendants must contend; for their bridge is, to all intents and purposes, in a legal and practical sense, contiguous to that of the plaintiffs.
The argument of the defendants is, that the plaintiffs are to take nothing by implication. Either (say they) the exclusive grant extends only to the local limits of the bridge; or it extends the whole length of the river, or at least up to old Cambridge bridge. The latter construction would be absurd and monstrous; and therefore the former must be the true one. Now, I utterly deny the alternatives involved in the dilemma. The right to build a bridge over a

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v.. Warren Bridge et al.]
river, and to take toll, may well include an exclusive franchise beyorid the local limits of the bridge; and yet not extend through the whole course of the river, or even to any considerable distance on the river. There is no difficulty in common sense, or in law, in maintaining such'a doctrine. But then, it is asked, what limits can be assigned to such a franchise? - The answer is obvious; the grant carries with it an exclusive franchise to a reasonable distance on the river; so that the ordinary travel to the bridge shall not be diverted by any new bridge to the injury or ruin of the franchise. A new bridge, which would be a nuisance, to the old bridge, would be within the reach of its exclusive right. The question would not be so much as to the fact of distance, as it would be as to the fact of nuisance. There is nothing new, in such expositions of ineorporeal rights; and nothing new in thus administering, upon this foundation, 'remedies in regard thereto. The doctrine is coeval with the common law itself. Suppose an action is brought for shutting up the ancient lights belonging to a messuage; or for diverting a water-course; or for flowing back a stream; or for erecting a nuisance near a dwelling house; the question in cases is not a question of mere distance; of mere feet and inches, but of injury; permanent, real, and substantial injury to be decided upon all the circumstances of the case. But .of this I shall speak again hereafter.
Let us see what is the result of the narrow construction contended for by the defendants. If that result be such as is inconsistent with all reasonable presumptions growing out of the case; if it be repugnant to the principles of equal justice; if it will defeat the whole objects of the grant; it will not, I trust, be insisted on, that this Court is bound to adopt it.
I have before had occasion to take notice that the original charter is a limited one for forty years; that the whole compensation of the proprietors for all their outlay of capital, their annuity to Harvard college and their other annual burthens and charges, is to arise out of the tolls allowed them during that period. No other fund is provided fo their indemnity; and they are to take it subject to all the perils of failure and the chances of an inadequate remuneration. The moment the charter was accepted, the proprietors were bound to all the obligations of this contract, on their part. Whether the bargain should turn out to be good -or bad, productive or unproductive of profit, did not vary their duties. The franchise was not a mere jus privatum. From the moment of its acceptance, and the erection of

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
the bridge, it became charged with a jus publicum. Tlhe government had a right to insist that the bridge should be kept in perfect repair for public travel by the proprietors: that the bridge should be lighted: that the draw should be raised without expense, for the purposes of nivigation. And if the proprietors had refused or neglected to do their duty in any of these respects, they would have been liable'to a public prosecution. It could be no apology or defence that the bridge was unprofitable; that the tolls were inadequate; that the repairs were expensive; or that the whole concern was a ruinous enterprise. The proprietors took the charter cum onere, and must abide by their choice. It is no answer to all this, lo say that the proprietors might surrender their charter, and thus escape from the burthen. They could have no right to make such a surrender. It would depend upon the good pleasure of the government, whether it would accept of such a surrender, or not: and until such an acceptance, the burthens would be obugatory to the last hour of the charter. And when that hour shall have arrived, the bridge itself, in good repair, is to be delivered to the state.
Now, I put it to the common sense of every man, whether if at the moment of granting the charter the legislature had said to the proprietors; you shall build the bridge; you shall bear the burthens; you shall be bound by the charges; and your sole reimbursement shall be from the tolls of forty years: and yet we will not even guaranty you any certainty of receiving any tolls. On the contrary we reserve to ourselves the full power and authority to erect other bridges, toll, or free bridges, according to our own free will and pleasure, contiguous to yours, and having the same termini with yours; and if you are successful we may thus supplant you, divide, destroy your profits, and annihilate your tolls, without annihilating your burthens: if, I say, such had been the language of the legislature, is there a man livingof ordinary discretion or prudence, who would have accepted such a charter upon such terms? I fearlessly answer, no. There would have been such a gross inadequacy of consideration, and such a total insecurity of all the rights of property, under such circumstances, that the project would have dropped, still barn. And I put the question farther, whether any legislature, meaning to promote a project of permanent public utility, (such as this confessedly was) would ever have dreamed of such a qualification of its own grant; when it sought to enlist private capital and private patronage to insure the accomplishment of it?

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et aL]
Yet, this is the very form and pressure of the present case. It is not an imaginary and extravagant case. Warren Bridge has been erected, under such a supposed reserved authority, in the immediate neighbourhood of Charles River Bridge; and with the same termini, to accommodate the same line of travel. For a half dozen years it was to be a toll bridge for the benefit of the proprietors, to reimburse them for their expenditures. At the end of that period, the bridge is to become the property of the state, and free of toll; unless the legislature should hereafter impose one. In point of fact, it has since become, and now is, under the sanction of the act of incorporation, and other subsequent acts, a free bridge without the payment of any tolls for all persons. So that, in truth, here now is a free bridge, owned by and erected under the authority of the commonwealth, which necessarily takes away all the tolls from Charles River Bridge; while its prolonged charter has twenty years to run. And yet the act of the legislature establishing Warren Bridge, is said to b- no violation of the franchise granted to the Charles River Bridge. The legislature may annihilate, nay has annihilated by its own acts all chance of receiving tolls, by withdrawing the whole travel; though it is admitted that it cannot take away the barren right to gather tolls, if any should occur, when there is no travel to bring a dollar. According to the same course of argument, the legislature would have a perfect right to block up every avenue to the bridge, and to obstruct eviery highwaay which should lead to it, without any violation of the chartered iights of Charles River Bridge; and at the same time it might require every burthen to be punctiliously discharged by the proprietors, during the prolonged period of seventy years. I confess, that the very statement of such propositions is so startling to my mind, and so irreconcilable with all my notions of good faith, and of any fair interpretation of the legislative intentions "that I shouk always doubt the soundness of any reasoning which should conduct me to
such results. But it is said that there is no prohibitory covenant in the charter,
and no implications are to be made of any such prohibition. The proprietors are to stand upon the letter of their contract, and the maxim applies, de non apparentibus et non existentibus, eadem est lex. And yet it is conceded, that the legislature cannot revoke or resume this grant. Why not, I pray-to know? There is no negative covenant in the 'charter; there is no express prohibition to be* found there. The reason is plain. The prohibition arises by natu-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

617

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
ral, if not by necessary implication. It would be against the first principles of justice to presume that the legislature reserved a righ to destroy its own grant. That was the doctrine in Fleteher v. Peck, 6 Crauch 87, in this Court: and in other cases turning upon the same great principle of political and constitutional duty and right. Can the legislature have power to do that indirectly, which it cannot do directly? If it cannuL take away, or resume the franchise itself, can it take away its whole substance and value? If the law will create an implication that the legislature shall not resume its own grant, is it not equally as natural and as necessary an implication, that the legislature shall not do any act directly to prejudice its own grant, or to destroy its value? If there were no authority in favour Qf so reasonable a doctrine, I would say, in the langliage of the late lamented Mr. Chief Justice Parker, in this very case: "I ground it on the principles of our government and constitution, and on the immutable principles of justice: which ought to bind governments, as well as people."
But it is most important to remember, that in the construction of all legislative grants, the common law must be taken into consideration; for the legislature must be presumed to have in view the general principles of construction which are recognised by the common law. Now, no principle is better established, than the principle that when a thing is given or granted, the law giveth, impliedly,whatever is necessary for the taking and enjoying the same. This is laid down in Co. Litt. 56, a; and is, indced, the dictate of common sense applicable to all grants. Is not the unobstructed possession of the tolls, indispensable to the full enjoyment of the corporate rights granted to the proprietors of Charles River Bridge? If the tolls were withdrawn, directly or indirectly, by the authority of the legislature, would not the franchise be utterly worthless? A burthen, and not a benefit? Would not the reservation of authority in the legislature to create a rival bridge, impair, if it did not absolutely destroy the exclusive right of the proprietors of Charles River Bridge? I conceive it -tterly impossible to give any other than an affirmative answer to each of these questions. How, then, are we to escape from the conclLsion, that that which would impair or destroy the grant, is prohibited by implication of law, from the nature of the grant? "We are satisfied,' said Mr. Chief Justice Parsons, in delivering the opinion of the court in Wales v. Stetson, 2 Mass. R. 143, 146, "that the rights legally vested in any corporation cannot
VoL. XI.-4 I

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et aL]
be e6ntrolled or destroyed by any subsequent statute, unless a power for that purpbse be reserved to the legislature, in theact of incorporation." Where is any such reservation to be found in the charter
of Charles River B:idge? My brother Washington, (than whom few judges ever possessed
a sounder judgment, or clearer learning;) in his able opinion in the case of Dartmouth College v. Woodward, 4 Wheat. R. 658, took this same view of the true sense of the passage in lBlackstone's Commentaries; and uses the following strong language in the subject of a charter of the~government. "Certain obligations are created (by it) both on the grantor and the grantees. On the part of the former, it amounts to an extinguishment of the king's prerogative to bestow the same identical franchise on another corporate body, because it would prejudice his former grant. It implies, therefore, a contract not to reassert the right to grant the franchise to another, or to impair it." I know not how language more apposite could be applied to the present case. None of us then doubted its entire correctness, when le uttered it; and I am not able to perceive how the legal inference can now be escaped. The case of The Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company v. The Baltimore and Ohio Rail Road Com-
pany, 4 Gill and Johnson's R. 1, 4, 6, 143, 146, 149, fully sustains the same doctrine; and most elaborately expnnds its ntture, and operation, and extent.
'But we are not left to mere general reasoning on this subject. There are cases of grants of the crown in which a like construction has prevailed, which are as conclusive upon this subject in point of authority, as any can be. How stands the law in relation to grants by the crown 6f fairs, markets, and ferries? I speak of grants, for all claims of this'sort resolve themselves into grants; a prescription being merely evidence of, and presupposing an ancient grant, which can be no longer traced, except by the constant use and )ossession of the franchise. If the king grants af iir, or'a market, or a ferry, 'has the franchise no existence beyond the local limits where it is erected? Does the grant import no more than a right to set up such fair, or market,'or ferry, leaving in the crown full power and authority to make other grants of the same nature, in juxtaposition with those local limits? No case, I will venture to say, has ever maintained such a doctrine; and the common law repudiates it (as will he presently shown,) in the most express terms.
The authorities are abundant. to establish, that the king cannot

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren.Bridge et al.]
make any second grant which shall prejudice the profits of the former grant. And why not? Because the grant imposes public burdens on the grantee, and subjects him to public charges, and the profits constitute his only means of remuneration; and' the crown shall not be at liberty directly to impair, much less to destroy the whole value and objects of its grant. In confirmation of this reasoning, it has been repeatedly laid down in the books, that when the king grants a fair, or market, or ferry, it is usual to insert in all such grants a clause or proviso that it shall not be to the prejudice of any other existing franchise of the same nature; as a fair, or market, or ferry. But if such a clause or proviso is not inserted, the grant is always construed with the like restriction; for such a clause will be implied by law. And, therefore, if such new grant is without iuch a clause, if it occasion any damage either to -the king, or to a subject in any other thing, it will be revocable. So my Lord Coke laid it down in 2 Inst. 406. The judges laid down the same law in the house of lords in the case of The King v. Butler, (3 Leo. !?20, 222;) which was the case of a grant of a-new market to the supposed prejudice of an old market. Their language on that occasion deserves to be cited. It was, "that the king has an undoubted right to repeal a patent wherein he is deceived, or his stbjects prejudiced, and that by scire facias." And afterwards, referring to cases where a writ of ad quod damnum had been issued, they added, "there, the. king takes notice, that it is not ad damnum; and yet, if it be ad damnum; the patent is void; for in all such paten..s the cofidition is implied, viz., that it be not ad damnum of the neighbouring merchants." And they added faither; "this is positively alleged, (in the scire facias,) that concessio predicta est ad damnum et depauperationem &c.; which is a sufficient cause to revoke the patent, if there were nothing more." The same doctrine is laid down in Mr. Sergeant William's learned note (2y to the case of Yard v. Ford; 2 Saund. R. 174. Now, if in the grant of any such franchise of a fair, or market, or ferry, there is no implied obligation or condition that the king' will not make any subsequent grant to the prejudice of such prior grant, or impairing its rights, it is inconceivable why such a proviso should be implied. But, if, (as the law certainly is,) the king can make no subsequent grant to the prejudice of his former grant, then the reason of such implication is clear; for the king will not be presumed to intend to violate his duty, but rather to be deceived in his second grant, if to the prejudice of the first.

620

SUPREME COURT.

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] It is upon this ground, and this ground only, that we can explain the established doctrine in relation to ferries. When the crown grants a ferry from A. to B. without using any words which import it to be an exclusive ferry, why is it, (as will be presently shown) that by the common law the grant is construed to be exclusive of all other ferries between the same places, or termini; at least, if such ferries are so near that they are injurious to the first ferry, and tend to a direct diminution of its receipts? Plainly, it must be because from the nature of such a franchise it can have no permanent value, unless it is exclusive; and the circumstance that during the existence of the grant, the grantee has public burdens imposed upon him, raises the implication that nothing shall be done to the prejudice of it, while it is a subsisting franchise. .The words of the grant do, indeed, import per se merely to confer a right of ferry between A. and B. Bat the common law steps in, and, ut res magis valeat quam pereat, expands the terms into an exclusive right; from the very nature, and objects, and motives, of the grant. I say this is the theory of the common law on this subject. Let us now see if it is not fully borne out by the authorities in relation to ferries; a franchise, which approaches so near to that of a bridge, that human ingenuity has not as yet been able to state any assignable difference between them; except that one includes the right of pontage, and the other of passage or ferriage; see Webb's case, 8 Co. .R. 46, (b); that is, each includes public duties, and burdens, and an indemnity for these duties and burdens by a right to receive tolls. A grant of a ferry must always be by local limits; it must have some termini; and must be between some fixed points, vills, or places. But is the franchise of a ferry limited to the mere ferry ways? Unless I am greatly mistaken, there is an unbroken series of authorities establishing the contrary doctrine; a doctrine firmly fixed in the common law, and brought to America by our ancestors as a part of their inheritance. The case of a ferry is put as a case of clear law by Paston, Just. as long ago as in 22 Hen. V. 14, b. - "If, says he, I have a market or a fair on a particular day, and another sets up a market or fair on the same day in a ville, which is near to my market, so that my market, or my fair is impaired, I shall have against him an assize of nuisance, or an action on the case." And the same law is, "If I have an ancient .ferry in a ville, and another sets up another ferry upon the same river near to my ferry, so that the profits of my ferry are impaired, I shall have an action on the case

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v..Wai-ren Bridge et al.]
against him." And Newton, (who it seems was of counsel for the defendant in that case) admitted the law to be so; and gave as a reason, "for you are bound to support the ferry, and to serve and repair it for the ease of the common people, and otherwise you shall be grievously amerced; and it is enquirable before the sheriff at his tourn, and also before the justices in Eyre." As to the case of a market or fair, Newton said, that in the king's grant of a market or fair, there is always a proviso that it should not be to the nuisance of another market or fair. To which Paston, lust. replied; "suppose the king grants to me a market without -anyproviso, if one sets up after that time another market, which is a nuisance to that, I shall have against him an assize of nuisance."
The doctrine here laid down seems indisputable -law; and it was cited -and approved by Lord Abinger in Huzzy v. Field, 2 Cromp. Mees. and Roscoe, 432; to which reference will presently be made. In Bacon's Abridgment, Prerogative, F. 1, it is laid down, "that if the king creates or grants a fair, or market, to a person, and afterwards grants another to another person to the prejudice of the first, the second grant is void;" see li Viner's Abridg. Nuisance, G. pl. 2. The same law is laid down in 3 Black. Comm. 218, 219. "If (says he) I am entitled to bold a fair or market, and another person sets up a fair or market, so near mine that it does me a prejudice, it is a nuisance to the freehold which I have in, my market or fair." He adds; "if a ferry is erected on a river, so near another ancient ferry as to draw away the custom, it is a nuisance to the old one; for where'there is a ferry by prescription, the owner is bound always to keep it in repair and readiness for the ease of the king's subjects, otherwise he may be grievously amerced. It would be, therefore, extremely hard if -a new ferry were suffered to share the profits, which does not also share the burden." The same doctrine is to be found in Comyn's Digest (Action upon the case for a Nuisance, A.) and in many other authorities; see Yard v. Ford, 2 Saund. R. 175, and note (2); Fitz. N. Brev. 184; Hale de Port. Maris, ch. 5; Harg. Law Tracts, p. 59; Com. Dig. Piscary, B. Id; Market C. 2, C. 3; 2 Black. Comm. 27.
The doctrine is in England just as true now, -and just as strictly enforced, as it was three centuries ago. In Blissett v. Hart, ('Vyilles' R. 508) the plaintiff recovered damages for a violation of his right to an ancient ferry against the defendant who had set up a neighbouring ferry to his nuisance. The court said; "A ferry is publici

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge -. Warren Bridge et ah]
juris. It is a franchise, that no one can erect without a license from the crown; and when one is erected, another cannot be erected without an ad quod damnum. If a second is erected without a license, the crown has a remedy by a quo warranto; anil the former grantee has a remedy by action." The case of Tripp v. Frank, 4 Term. R. 666, proceeds upon the admission of the same doctrine; as does Prince v. Lewis, 5 Barn. & Cress..363; Peter v. Kendall, 6 Barn. & Cress. 703; Mosley v. Chadwick,. 7 Barn. & Cress. 47, note a; and Mosley v. Walker, 7 Barn. & Cress. 40.
'There is a very recent case, (already alluded to) which was decided by the court of exchequer, upon the fullkst consideration, and in which the leading authorities upon this point were discussed with great acuteness and ability. I mean the case of Huzzy v. Field, in 1835; 13 Law Journ. 239; S.C. 2 Cromp. Mieson & Rose. 432. LordAbinger, in delivering the opinion of the court on that occa-. sion, used the following language: "So far the authorities appear to be clear, that if a new ferry be put up without the king's license, to the prejudice of an old one, an action will lie; and there is no case, 'which has the appearance of being.to the contrary, except that of Tripp.v. Frank, hereafter mentioned. These old authorities proceed upon the ground, first, that the grant of the franchise is good in law, being for a sufficient consideration to the subject, who as he received a benefit, may have by the grant of the crown a corresponding obligation imposed upon him in return for the benefit received; and secondly, that if another, without legal authority interrupts the grantee in the exercise of his franchise-by withdrawing the profits of passengers, which he would otherwise havpe had, and which he has in a manner purchased from the public at the price 5f his corresponding -liability; the disturber is subject to an action for the injury. And the case is in this respect analogous to the grant of a fair or market, which is also a privilege of the nature of a rponopoly. A public ferry, then, is a public highway of a special description; -and its termini must be in places where the public have rights, as towns, Dr vills, or highways leading to towns br vills. The right of the grantee is in one case an exclusive right of carrying from town to town; in the other of carrying from one point to the other, all, who are going to use the highway to the nearest town or ville to which the highway leads on the othef side. Any new ferry, therefore, which has the effect of taking away such passengers, must be injurious. For instance, if any one should construct a new landing

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
(Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et aLl place at a short distance of one terminus of the ferry, and make a proclamation of carrying passengers over from the other terminus, and then landing them at that place, from which they pass to the same public highway. upon which the ferry is established, before it reaches any town or vill, by. which the passengers g6 immediately to the first and all the vills, to which that highway leads; there could not be any doubt but such an act would be an infringement of the right of ferry, whether the person so acting intended to defraud the grantee of the ferry, or not. If such new ferry be nearer, or the boat used more commodious, or the fare less; it is obvious, that all the custom must be inevitably withdrawn from the old ferry. And, thus, the grantee would be deprived of all the benefit of the franchise, whilst he continued liable to all the burdens imposd upon him."
Language more apposite to the preseii case could scarcely have been used. And, what makes it still stronger, is, that the very case before the court was of a new ferry starting on one side from the same town, but not at the same place in the town, to a terminus on the other side different from that of the old ferry house, and more than a half a mile from it, and thence by a highway communicated with the highway which was connected with the old ferry, at a mile distance from the ferry. Now, if the right of the old ferry did not, by implication, extend on either side beyond its local termini, no question could have arisen as to the disturbance. Trotter v. Harris, 2 Younge and Jerv. R. 285, proceeded upon similar principles; though it did not call for so exact an exposition of them.
It is observable, that in the case of Huzzy v. Field the'defendant did not claim under any license or grant from the crown;, and therefore it may be supposed in afagument,.that it does not apply to a case where that is a grant of the new- ferry from the crown. But in point of law there is no difference b;etweon the cases. In each case the new ferry must be treated as a clear disturbance of the rights of the old ferry, or it is not iD either case; for if the first grant does not, by implication, carry an exclusive right above and below its local termini, then there can ba no pretence, in either case, for the grantee of the old ferry to complain of the new ferry; for it does not violate his rights under his grant. If the first grant does, by implication, carry an exclusive right above and below its local termini, so far as it may b6 prejudiced or disturbed by a new ferry, then it is equally clear, upon established principles, that the king

624

SUPREME COURT.

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] cannot, by a new grant prejudice his former grant; for the law deprives him of any such prerogative. It is true that where the new ferry is got up without a license from the crown, it may be abated as a nuisance; upon a quo warranto, or information, by the crown. But this will not confer any right of action on the grantee of the old ferry, unless his own rights have been disturbed.
I have said that this is the result of established principles; and the case of the Islington Market, recently before the-judges of England upon certain questions submitted to them by the house of lords, isan authority of the most solemn and conclusive nature upon this identical point of franchise. What gives it still more importance is, that in the three last questions proposed to the judges by the house of lords, the very point as to the power of the king to make a second grant of -a market to the prejudice of his former grant, within the limits of the common law, arose, and was pointedly answered in the negative. On that occasion the judges said, that while the first grant of a market remains unrepealed, even the default of the grantee of the franchise, in not providing, according to his duty, proper accommodatio-ns for the public, iannot operate, in point of law, as a ground for granting a new charter to another to hold a market within the common law, which shall really be injurious tpthe existing market. The judges, after adverting to the usual course of the issuing of a writ of ad quod damnum, in cases where a new market is asked for, added: "'We do not say, that a writ of ad qUod damnum is absolutely necessary. But if the crown were to grant a new charter without a writ of ad quod damnum, and it should appear, that the interests of other persons were prejudiced, the crown would be supposed to-be deceived, and the grant might be rqpealed on a scire facias." And they cited, with approbation, the doctrine of Lord Coke, in 2 Inst. 406, that "If one held a market either by prescription or by letters patent, and another obtains a market to the nuisance of the former market, he shall not tarry till be hava avoided the letters patent of the latter market by course of law, that he may have an assize of nuisance:" thus establishing the' doctrine, that there is no difference in point of law, whether the first market be,by prescription or by grant; or whether the new market be with or without a patent from the crown. In each case the remedy is the same for the owner of the first market if the new market~is a nuisance to him. The judges also- held, that the eircum-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
stance of the benefit of the public requiring a new market would not, of itself, warrant the grant of the neav market.
Mr. Dane, in his Abridgment, (2 Dane's Abridg. ch. 67, p. 683,) lays down the doctrine in terms equally broad and comprehensive, ai" applicable to America. After having spoken of a ferry as imposing burdens, publici juris, he adds; "in this way a ferry becomes property, an incorporeal hereditament; the owners of which, for the public convenience being obliged by law to perform certain public services, must, as a reasonable equivalent, be protected in this property." And he cites the case of Chadwick v. the Proprietors of the Haverhill Bridge, as directly in point; that the ere,'tion of a neighbouring bridge under the authority of the legislature is a nuisance to a ferry. Notwithstanding all the commentary bestowed on that case to escape from its legal pressure, I am of opinion that the report of the referees never could have been accepted by the court, or judgment given thereon, if the declaration had not stated a right which in point of law was capable of supporting such a judgment. The court seems, from Mr. Dane's statement of the case, clearly to have recognised the title of the plaintiff, if le should prove himself the owner of a ferry. Besides, without disparagement to any other man, Mr. Dane himself, (the chairman of the referees,) from his great learning and ability, is well entitled to speak with the authority of a commentator of the highest character upon such a subject.
It is true, that there is the case of Churchman v. Tunstal, (Hard. R. 162,) where a different doctrine, as to a ferry, was laid down. But that case is repugnant to all former cases, as well as later cases; and Lord Ch. Baron Macdonald, in 'Attorney General v. Richard, (2 Anst. R. 603,) informs us, that it was afterwards overturned. Lord Abinger in Huzzy v. Field, (13 Law Jour. 239; S. C., 2 Cromp. Mees. and Roscoe, 432,) goes farther, and informs us, thataier the bill in that case was dismissed; (which was a bill by a farmer of a ferry, as it should seem, under the crown, for an injunction to restrain the defendant, who had lands on both sides of the Thames, three-quarters of a mile off, and who was in the habit of ferrying passengers across, from continuing to do so;) another bill was brought after the restoration, in 1663, and a decree made by lord Hale in fa-your of the plaintiff, that the new ferry should be put down. This last determination is exceedingly strong, carrying the implication in regard to the franchise of a ferry, as exclusive of all other ferries
VoL. XI.-4 K

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
injurious to it, to a very enlarged extent; and it was made by one of the greatest judges who ever adorned the English bench.
But it has been suggested that the doctrine as to ferries is confined to ancient'ferries by prescription, and does not apply to those where there is a grant, which 'may be shown. In the former case the exclusive right may be proved by long use, and exclusive use. In the latter, the terms of the grant show whether it is exclusive or not; and if not stated to be exclusive in the grant, it cannot by implication be presumed to be exclusive. Now, there is no authority shown for such a distinction; and it is not sound in itself. If a ferry exists by prescription, nothing more, from the nature of the thing can be established by long possession, than that the ferry originated in some grant, and that it has local limits, from the ferry ways on one side to those on the other side. The mere absence of any other near ferry -proves nothing, except that there is no -ompetition; for until there is some interference by the erection of another ferry, there can be nothing exclusive above or below the ferry ways established by the mere use of the ferry. If such an interference should occur, then the question might arise; and the long use could establish no more than the rightful possession of the franchise. The question, whether the franchise is exclusive or not must depend upon the nature of such a franchise at the common law, and the implications belonging to it. In short, it is in the authorities taken to be exclusive, unless a contrary presumption arises from the facts, as it did in Holcroft v. Heel, 1 Bos. and Pull. 400. But lord Coke, (in 2 Inst. 406,) lays down the law as equally applicable to all cases of prescription and of grant. "If, says he, one hath a market either by prescription or by letters patent of the king, and another obtains a market to the nuisance of the former market, he shall not tarry till he have avoided the letters patent of the latter market, by course of law; but he may have an assize of nuisance." The same rule must, for the same reason, apply to fairs and ferries. The case'of Prince v. Lewis, 5 B. and Cresw. 363, was the case of the grant of a market, and not of a market by prescription; yet no one suggested any distinction on this account. Holcroft v. Heel, (1 Bos. and Pull. 400,) was the case of a Zgrant of a market by letters patent.
In Ogden v. Gibbons, (4 John Ch. R. 150,) Mr. Chancellor Kent recognises, in the most ample manner, the general principles of the common law. Speaking of the grant in that case of an exclusive right to navigate with steamboats from New York to Elizabethtown Point,

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.J
&c., he declared, that the true intent was to include not merely that point, but the whole shore or navigable part of Elizabethtown. "Any narrower construction" said he, "in favour of the grantor would render the deed, a fraud ipon the grantee. It would be like granting an exclusive right of ferriage between two given points, and then setting up a rival ferry within a few rods of those very points, aid within the same course of the line of travel. The common law contained principles applicable to this very case, dictated by a sounder judgment, and a more enlightened morality. If one had a ferry by prescription, and another erected a ferry so near to it as to draw away its custom, it was a nuisance; for which the injured party had his remedy by action, &c. The same rule applies, in its spirit and substance, to all exclusive grants and monopolies. The grant must be so construed so as to give it due effect by excluding all contiguous and injurious competition." Language more apposite to the present case could not well be imagined. Here, there is an exclusive grant of a bridge from Charlestown to Boston on the old ferry ways; must it not also be so construed as to exclude all contiguous and injurious competition? Such an opinion, from such an enlightened, judge, is not to be overthrown by general suggestions against making any. implications in legislative grants.
The ease of the Newburgh Turnpike Company v. Miller, (5 Johns. Ch.R. 101,) decided by the.same learned judge; is still nfore directly in point; and, as far as his authority can go, conclusively establishes the doctrine, not only that the franchise of a ferry is not confined to the ferry ways, but that the franchise of a bridge is not confined to the termini, and local limits of the bridge. In that case, the.plaintiffs had erected a toll bridge over the river Wallkill in connexion with a turnpike, under an act of the legislature; and the defendants afterwards erected another road and bridge near to the former, and thereby diverted the toll from the plaintiffs' bridge. The suit was a bill in chancery, for a perpetual injunction of this nuisance of the plaintiffs' bridge; and it was accordingly, at the hearing, granted by the Court. Mr. Chancellor Kent, on that occasion, said: "Considering the proximity of the new bridge, and the.facility that every traveller has %y means of that bridge, and the road connected with it, to shun the plaintiffs' gate which he would otherwise be obliged to pass, I cannot doubt, for a moment, that the new bridge is a direct and immediate disturbance of the plaintiffs' enjoyment of their privileges," &c. "The new road, by its termini, created a competition

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge at al.]
most injurious to the statute franchise; and becomes, what is deemed in law, in respect to such franchise, a nuisance." And,.after adverting to his own language, already quoted in Ogden v. Gibbons, (4 John. Ch. R. 150, 160,) he added: "The same doctrine applies to any exclusive privilege created by statute. All such privileges come within the equity and reason of the principle. No rival road, bridge, or ferry, or other establishment of a similar kind, and for like purposes, can be tolerated so near to the other as materially to affect or take away its custom. It operates as a fraud upon the grant, and goes to defeat it. The consideration, by which individuals are in-vited to expend money upon great, and expensive, and hazardous public works, as roads and bridges; and to become bound to keep them in constant and good repair; is the grant of an exclusive toll. This right, thus purchased for a valuable consideration, cannot be taken away by direct or indirect means devised for the purpose, both of which are equally unlawful." Now, when the learned chancellor here speaks of an exclusive privilege, or franchise, he does not allude to any terms in the statute grant expressly giving such a privilege beyond the local limits; for the statute contained no words to such an effect. The grant, indeed, was by necessary implication exclusive, as to the local limits, for the legislature ould not grant any other bridge in the same place with the same termini. If was to such a grant of a franchise, exclusive in this sense, and in no other, that his language applies. And he affirms the doctrine in the most positive terms, that such a grant carries with it a necessary right to exclude all injurious competition, as an indispensable incident. And his judgment turned altogether upon this doctrine.
It is true, that in this case, the defendants did not erect the new bridge tinder any legilative act. But that is not material in regard to the point now under consideration. The point we are now considering is, whether the grant of a franchise- to erect a bridge or a ferry, is confined to the lopal limits or termini, to the points and planks of the bridge, or to the ferry ways of the ferry.. The learned chancellor rejects such a doctrine, with the most pointed severity of phrase. "It operates" (says he) "as a fraud upon the grant, and goes to defeat it." The grant necessarily includes "a right to an exclusive toll." "No rival road, bridge, or ferry can be tolerated so near to the former as to affect or take away its custom." Now, if such be the true construction of tle grant of such a franchise, it is just as true a construction in relation to the government as in rela-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Chlarcs River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al]
tion to private persons. It would be absurd to say that the same grant means one thing as to the public, and an entirely opposite thing in relation to individuals. If the right to an exclusive franchise or toll exists, it exists from the nature and objects of the grant; and applies equally in all directions. It would be repugnant to all notions of common sense, as well as of justice, to say that the legislature had a right to commit a fraud upon its own grant. The whole reasoning of the learned chancellor repudiates such a notion.
But in what manner is the doctrine to be maintained, that the franchise of a ferry is confined to the ferry ways, and the franchise of a bridge to the planks? It is said, that in Saville's Reports, 11, it is laid down "that a ferry is in respect to the landing place, and not
of the water; which water may belong to one, and the ferry to another." There can be no doubt of this doctrine. A ferry must have local limits. It must have termini, or landing places; and it may include only a right of passage over the water. And is not this equally true, whether it be a ferry"by prescription, or hy grant? If so,. can there be any difference as to the value of the exclusive right in cases of grant, or of prescription? Does not each "rest on its landing places? But it is added, in Saville: "And in every ferry, the land on both sides of the water ought to be (belong) to the owher of the ferry; for otherwise he cannot land upon the other pirt." Now, if by this is meant that the owner of the ferry must be the owner of the land, it is not law; for all that is required is, that he should have a right or easement in the landing places. So it was adjudged in Peter v. Kendall, 6 Barn. and Cress. 703; and the dictum of Saville was there overruled.'- If the same principle is to be applied, (as I think it must be,) to a bridge, then, as there must be a subsisting right in the proprietors of Charles River Bridge to have' such landing places on the old ferry ways, there must be an assignrnent or grant implied of those ferry ways by Harvard college, to the proprietors for that purpose.. But of this I shall speak hereafter.
One of the learned judges in the state court (who was against the plaintiffs) admitted, that if any person should be forcibly prevented from passing over the plaintiffs' bridge, it would be an injury; for which an action on the case would lie. I entirely assent to this doctrine, which appears to me to be foundcd in the most sound reasoning. It is supported by the case of the Bailiffs of Tewksbury v. Diston, 6 East, R. 438, and by the authorities cited by lord Ellen-

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al] borough on that occasion; an~d especially by the doctrine of Mr. Justice Powell, in Ashby v. White, 2 Lord Raym. 948; and S. C., 6 Mod. 49. But how can this be, if the franchise of the bridge is confined to the mere local limits or timbers of the bridge? If the right to take toll does not commence or attach in the plaintiffs, except when the passengers arrive on the bridge, how can an action lie for the proprietors for obstructing passengers from coming to tbe bridge? The remedy of the plaintiffs can only be coextensive with their rights and franchise. And if an action lies for an obstruction of passengers, because it goes to impair the right of toll, and to prevent its being earned, why does not the diversion of passengers from the bridge by other means, equally give a cause of action, since it goes, equally, nay more, to impair the right of the plaintiffs to toll? If the legislature could not impair or destroy its owl grant by blocking up all avenues to the bridge, how can it possess the right to draw away all the tolls by a 'free bridge, which must necessarily withdraw all passengers? For myself, I cannot perceive any ground upon which a right of action is maintainable for any obstruction of passengers, which does not equally apply to the diversion of passengers. In each case, the injury, of the franchise is the same, although ,the means used are, or may be different.
The truth is, that the reason why the grant of a franchise, as, for example, of a ferry, or of a bridge, though necessarily local in its limits, is yet deemed to extend beyond those local limits by operation and intendment of law; is founded upon two great fundamental maxims of law applicable to all grants. One is the doctrine already alluded to, and laid down in Liford's case, in 11 Co. R. 46, 52, a. Lex est cuicunque, aliquis, quod concedit, concedere videtur et id, sine quo res ipsa esse non potuit; or, as it is expressed with pregnant brevity by Mr. Justice Twisden, in Pomfret v. Ricroft, 1 Saund. R. 321, 323: "When the use is granted, every thing is granted. by which the grantee may have and enjoy the use." See also Lord Darcyv. Askwith, Hob. R. 234; 1 Saund. R. 323; Note (6) byWilliams; Co. Lit. 56, (a). Another is, that wherever a grant is made for a valuable consideration, which involves public duties and charges, the grant shall be construed so as to make the indemnity coextensive with the burden. Qui sentit onus, sentire debet et commodum. In the case of a ferry, there is a public charge and duty. The owner must keep the ferry in good repair, upon the peril of an indictment. He must keep sufficient accommodations for all travel-

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
lers, at all reasonable times. He must content himself with a reasonable toll. Such is the jus publicum. In return, the law will exclude all injurious competition, and deem every new ferry a nuisance which subtracts from him the ordinary custom and toll. See Com. Dig. Piscary, B. Id. Ferry. So strong is the duty of the ferry owner to the public, that it was held, in Paine v. Patrick, 3 Mod. 289, 294, that the ferry owner could not excuse himself from not keeping proper boats, even by showing that he had erected a bridge more convenient for passengers. It would be a fraud upon such a grant of a ferry, to divert the travel, and yet to impose the burden. The right to take toll would, or might be useless, unless it should be exclusive within all the bounds of injurious rivalship from another ferry. The franchise is therefore construed to extend beyond the local limits, and to be exclusive within a reasonable distance; for the plain reason that it is indispensable to the fair enjoyment of the franchise and right of toll. The same principle applies, without a shadow of difference that I am able to perceive, to the case of a bridge; for the duties are publici juris, and pontage and passage are but different names for exclusive toll for transportation.
In the argument at the present term it has been further contended, that at all events, in the state of Massachusetts, the ancient doctrine, of the common law in relation to ferries is not in force, and never has been recognised; that all ferries in Massachusetts are held at the mere will of the legislature, and may be established by them and animihilated by them at pleasure; and of course that the grantees hold them durante bene placito of the legislature. And in confirmation of this view of the subject, certain proceedings of the colonial legislature have been relied on, and especially those stated in the record, between the years 1629 to 1650; to the colonial act of 1641, against monopolies, (which is, in substance, like the statute of monopolies. of the 21 of James I. ch. 3); and to the general colonial and provincial and state statutes, regulating ferries, passed in 1641, 1644, 1646, 1647, 1695, 1696, 1710, 1719, 1781, and 1787; some of which contain special provisions respecting Charlestown and Boston ferry.
As to the proceedings of the colonial government, so referred to, in my judgment they establish no such conclusion. But some of them, at least, are directly opposed to-it. Thus, for example, in 1638 a ferry was granted to Garret Spencer at Lynn for two years. In 1641, it was ordered that they that put two boats be-

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
tween Cape Ann and Annisquam, shall have liberty to take suffi-
cient toll, as the court shall think fit, for one-and-twbnty years. Could the colonial government have repealed these grants within the terms specified at their pleasure? In 1648 John Gloverhad power given him to let a ferry over Neponset river between Dorchester and Braintree, to any person or persons for the term of seven years, &c.; or else to take it to himself and his heirs, as his inheritance forever; provided it be kept in such a place and at such a price as may be most convenient for the country, and pleasant to the general court. Now, if Glover, according to this act, had taken this ferry to him and his heirs as an inheritance, could. the colonial legislature have revoked it at its pleasure? Or rather, can it be presumed that the colonial legislature intended such a ferry, confessedly an inheritance, to be an estate held only.at will? It would be repugnant to all notions of legal interpretation.
In 1637, the general court oiedered the ferry between Boston and Charlestown to be let for three years. It was afterwards, in 1640, granted to Harvard colleges From that time down to 1785,-it was always held and claimed by the college as its inheritance. But the college never supposed that it was not subject to the regulation of the legislature, so far as the public interests were concerned. The acts of 1650, 1654, 1694, 1696, 1710 and 1781, establish this. But they show no more. That many of the ferries in Massachusetts were held, and perhaps we're always-held under mere temporary licenses of the legislature, or of certain magistrates to whom they were entrusted, is not denied. But it is as clear, that there were other ferries held under more ipermanent tenures. The colonial act of 1644, authorizing magistrates to pass ferries toll free, except such ferries as are appropriated .to any, or rented out, and are out of the countries' hands; and then it is "ordered that their passages be Paid by the. contry." The act of 1694 excepts from its operation "such ferries as are" already stated and settled either by the court or town, to whom they appertain." The colonial act of 1670, as an inducement to the town of Cambridge or other persons to-repair the bridge at Cambridge, or to erect a new one, declared, "that this order, (granting certain tolls) should continue 'in force so long a time as the said bridge is maintained serviceae and safe for passage." So that it is plain, that the colonial legislature did contemplate both ferries and.bridges to be held by permanent tenures, and not to be revocable at pleasure.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
But to all the general laws respecting ferries, one answer may be given, that their provisions are generally confined to the due regulation of public ferries and matters publici juris; and so far as the public'have rights which ought to be enforced and protected, and which the legislature had a proper right to enforce and protect by suitable laws. And in regard to matters .not strictly of this nature, the enactments may well apply to all such ferries within the state as were held under the mere temporary license of the state, and were revocable and controllable at pleasure by the legislature, in which predicament a very large number of ferries in the state were; and also to those ferries, (among which Charlestown ferry seems to have been,) over which a modified legislative control had been, at their original establishment, reserved. Beyond these results, I am not prepared to admit that these statutes either had, or ever were supposed to have any legitimate operation. And before I should admit such a conclusion, I should require the evidence of some solemn judgment of a court of justice, in Massachusetts, to the very point.
But the argument presses the doctrine to an extent which it is impossible can be correct, if any principles respeeting vested rights exist, or have any recognition in a free government. What is it? That all ferries in Massachusetts are revocable and extinguishable at pleasure. Suppose, then, the legislature of Massachusetts for a valuable consideration should grant a ferry from A to B to a grantee and his heirs, or to a grantee for forty years, or for life; will it be contended that the legislature can take away, revoke, or annihilate that grant within the period? That it may make such a grant cannot well be denied; for there is no prohibition touching it in the constitution of Massachusetts. That it can take away or resume such a grant, has never yet been held by any judicial tribunal in that state. The contrary is as well established as to all sorts of grants, unlegs an express power be reserved for the purpose, as any principle in its jurisprudence. In the very case now before this Court, every judge of the supreme court of the state admitted that the legislature could not resume or revoke its charter to Charles River Bridge. Why not, if it could revoke its Solemn grant of a ferry to a private person, or to a corporation, during the stipulated period of the grant? The legislature might just as well resume its grant of the public land, or the grant of a turnpike, or of a rail road, or of any other franchise, within the period stipulated by its charter.
The doctrine then is untenable. The moment that you ascertain VOL. XI.--4 L

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warton Bridge et al.]
what the terms and stipulations of a grant of a ferry, or any other franchise, are, that moment they are obligatory. They cannot be gainsaid, or resumed. So this Court has said in the case of Fletcher v. Peck, 6 Cranch, 871; and so are the unequivocable principles of justice, which cannot be overturned without shaking every free government to its very foundations. If, then, the ferry between Charlestown and Boston was vested, in perpetuity ir, the corporation of Harvard college, it could not be taken away without its consent by the legislature. It was a ferry, so far withdr..vn froni the power of any legislation trenching on its rights and franchises. It .is assuming the very point in -controversy, to say that the ferry was held at the mere pleasure of the legislature. An exclusive claim, and possession, and user, and taking of the profits thereof for one hundred and fifty years by the corporation of Harvard college, without interruption; was as decisive evidence of i s exclusive right to the franchise in perpetuity, as the title deed of any man to his own estate. The legislature of Massachusetts has never, as far as I know, breathed a doubt on the point. All the judges of the state court admit the exclusive right of Harvard college to the ferry, in the most unequivocal terms. The.argument, then, that the English doctrine as to ferries has not been adopted, and is not in force in Massachusetts, is. not supported. For myself, I can only say that I have always understood that the English doctrine on this subject constitutes a part of the common law of Massachusetts. But what is most material to be stated, not one of the learned judges in the state court doubted or denied the doctrine, though it was brought directly before them; and they gave, seriatim, opinions containing great diversities of judgment on other points.* It is also fully established by the case of Chadwick v. the Proprietors of Haverhill Bridge, already cited.
But it is urged that some local limits must be assigned to such grants; and the Court must assign them, for otherwise they would involve the absurdity of being coextensive with the range of the river; for every other bridge or ferry must involve some diminution of toll; and how much (it is asked) is necessary to constitute an infringement of the right? I have already given an answer, in part, to this suggestion. The rule of law is clear. The application of it must depend upon the particular circumstances of each case. Wherever
* See Proprietors of Charles River Bridge v. Proprietors of Warren Bridge, 7 Pic~k. R. 341.

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Char -s Rivet Bridge v. Warren Bridge etal.] any other bridge or ferry is so near that it injures the franchise, or diminishes the toll in a positive and essential degree, there it is a nuisance, and is actionable. It invades the franchise, and ought to be abated. But whether there be such an injury or not, is a matter, not of law, but of fact. Distance is no otherwis important, than as it bears on the question of fact. All that is required, is, that there should be a sensible, positive injury.. In the present case there is no room to doubt upon this point, for the bridges are contiguous; and Warren Bridge, after it was opened, took away three-fourths of the profits of the trAyel from Charles River Bridge; and when it became free, (as it now is,) it necessarily took away all the tolls, or all except an unimportant and trivial amount of tolls.
What I have said, however, is to be understood with this qualifcation, that the franchise of the bridge has no assigned local limits; but, it is a simple grant of the right to erect a bridge across a river from one point to another, without being limited between any particular vilrs or towns, or by other local limits. In the case now before the Court, I have already stated that my judgment is that the franchise is merely to erect abridge between Charlestown and Boston; and therefore it does not, necessarily, exclude the legislature from md' " .g any other grant fof the erecting of a bridge between Boston and any other town. The exclusive right being between those towns, it only precludes another legislative grant between those towns which is injurious to Charles River Bridge. The case of Tripp v. Frank (4 T. R. 666) is a clear authority for this doctrine. It was there decided that the grant of an exclusive ferry between A and B, did not exclude a ferrybetween A and C. But the argument of -the plaintiffs' counsel was tacitly admitted by the Court, that "ferries in general must have some considerable extent, upon which their right may operate; otherwise the exclusive privilege would be of no avail. That extent must be governed by local, circumstances." And there is the greatest reason for supporting such rights, because the owners Df ferries-are bound at their peril to supply them to the public use; and are therefore fairly entitled to the public advantage arising from them.
But it is said, if this is the law, what then is to become of turnpikes and canals? Is the legislature precluded from authorizing new turnpikes or new canals, simply because they cross the path of the old ones, and incidentally diminish their receipt of tolls? The answer is plain. Every turnpike has its local 4imits and- local termini; its points of beginning and of end. No one ever imagined thet the

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] legislature might grant a new turnpike, with exactly the same location and termini. That would be to rescind its first grant. The grant of a turnpike between A and B, does not preclude the legislature from the grant of a turnpike between A and C, even though it should incidentally intercept some of the travel; for it is not necessarily a nuisance to the former grant. The termini being different, the grants are or may be substantially different. But if the legislature should grant a second turnpike, substantially taking away the whole travel from the first turnpike between the same local points; then, I say, it is a violation of the rights of the first turnpike. And the opinion of Mr. Chancellor Kent, and all the old. authorities on the subject of ferries, support me in the doctrine.
Some reliance has been placed upon the cases of Prince v. Lewis, (5 Barn. and Cress. 363) and Mosley v. Walker, (7 Barn. and Cress. 40,) as impugning the reasoning. But, it appears to me, that they rather fortify than shake it. In the former case, the king granted a market to A and his heirs, in a place within certain specified limits, and the grantee used part of the limits for other purposes, and space enough was not ordinarily left for the marketing. It was held, that the owner of the market could not maintain an action against a, person for selling marketable goods in the neighbourhood, without showing that at the time of the sale there was room .enough in the market for the seller. This clearly admits the exclusive right of the owner, if there is room enough in the market. The other case affirms the same principle, as indeed'it was before affirmed in Mosley v. Chadwick, 7 Barn. and Cress. 47, note.
But then again, it is said, that all this rests upon implication, and not upon the words of the charter. I admit that it d6es; but I again say, that the implication is natural and necessary. It is indispensable to the proper effect of the grant. The franchise cannot subsist without it, at least for any valuable or jractical purpose. What objeL ion can there be to implications, if they arise from the very nature and objects of the grant? If it be indispensable to the full enjoyment of the right to take toll, that it should be exclusive wi.hin certain limits, is it not just and reasonable, that it should be so construed? If the legislative power to erect a new bridge would annihilate a franchise already granted, is it not, unless expressly reserved, necessarily excluded by intendment of law? Can any reservations be raised by mere implication to defeat the operation of a grant, especially when such a reservation would be coextensive with the whole

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] right granted, and amount to the reservation of a right to recall the whole grant?
Besides, in this very case it is admitted on all sides, that from the defective language and wording of the charter, no power is directly given to the proprietors to erect the bridge; and yet it is agreed, that the power passes by necessary implication from the grant, for otherwise it would be utterly void. The argument, therefore, surrenders the point as to the propriety of making implications; and reduces the question to the mere consideration of what is a necessary implication. Now, I would willingly put the whole case upon this point, whether it .is not as indispensable to the fair and, full operation of the grant, that the plaintiffs should be secure in the full enjoy: ment of their right to -tolls,without disturbance or diversion; as that they should have the power to erect the bridge. If the tolls-may be all swept away by a contiguous- free bridge, ekected the next day, can it be said, in any sense, that the object of the- franchise is obtained? What does the sound logic of the common law teach us on this point? If a grant, even of thr- crown, admits of two construetions, one of which will defeat, and the other will promote and secure the fair operation of the grant; the latter is to be followed.
The truth is, that the whole argument of the defendants turns upon an implied reservation of power in the legislature to defeat and destroy its own grant. The grant, construed -upon its own terms, upon the plain principles of construction of the common law, by which alone it ought to be judged, is an exclusive grant. It is the grant of a franchise, publici juris, with 9 right of tolls; and in all. such cases The common law asserts the grant to be exclusive, so as to prevent injurious competition. The argument seeks to exclude the common law from touching the grant, by implying-an exception in favour of the legislative authority to make any new grant. And let us change the position of the question as often as we may, it comes to this, as a necessary result; that the legislature has reserved -the power to destroy its own grant, and annihilate the right of pontage of the Charles River Bridge. If it stops short of this exercise of its power; it is its own choice, and not its duty. Now, I maintain, that such a reservation is equivalent to a power to resume the grant; and yet it has never been for a moment contended, that the legislature was competent to resume it.
To the answer already given to the objection, that, unless such a reservation of power exists. there will be a stop put to the progress

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et aL]
of all public improvements; I wish, in this connexion, to -add, that
there never can any such consequence follow upon the opposite doc-
trine. If the public exigencies and interests require that the franchise of Charles River Bridge should be taken away, or impaired; it may be lawfully done upon making due compensation to the proprietors. " Whenever" says the constitution of Massachusetts, "the public exigencies require that the property of any individual should be appropriated to public uses, he shall receive a reasonable compensation therefor:" and this franchise is property; is fixed, determinate property. We have been told, indeed, that where the damage is merely consequential, (as, by the erection of a new-bridge, it is said .that it would be,) the constitution does not entitle the party to compensation; and Thruston v. Hancock, 12 Mass. R. 220, and Callender v. Marsh, 1 Pick. R. 418; are cited in support of the doctrine. With all possible respect for the opinions of others, I confess myself to be among those who never could comprehend the law of either of those cases; and I humbly continue to doubt, if upon principle or authority they are easily maintainable; and I think my doubts fortified by the recent English decisions. But, assuming these cases to be unquestionable, they do not apply to a case like the present; if the erection of such a new bridge is a violation of the plaintiffs' franchise. That franchise, so far as it reaches, is private property; and so far as it is injured, it is the taking away of private property. Suppose a man is the owner of a mill, and the legislature authorizes a diversion of the water course which supplies it, whereby the mill is injured or ruined; are we to be told, that this is a consequential injury, and not within the scope of the constitution? If not within the scope of the constitution, it is, according to the fundamental principles of a free government, a violation of private rights, which cannot be taken away without compensation. The case of Gardner v. The Village of Newburgh, 2 John. Oh. R. 139, would be a sufficient authority to sustain this reaspning; if it did not stand upon the eternal principles ofjustice, recognised by every government which is not a pure despotism.
Not a shadow of authority has been introduced to establish the position of the defendants, that the franchise of a toll-bridge is confined to the planks of the bridge; and yet it seems to me, that the onus probandi is on them; for all the analogies of the common law are against them. They are driven, indeed, to contend that the same principles apply to ferries, which are limited to the ferry ways,

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

639

rCharles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] unless some prescription has given them a more extensive range. But here, unless I am entirely mistaken, they have failed to establish their position. As I understand the authorities, they are, unequivocally, the other way. Are we then to desert the wholesome principles of the common law, the bulwark of our public liberties, and the protecting shield of our private property; and assume a doctrine, which substantially annihilates the security of all franchises affected with public easements?
But it is said, that if the doctrine contended for be not true, then every grant to a corporation becomes, ipso facto, a monopoly or exclusive privilege. The grant of a bank, or of an insurance company, or of a manufacturing company, becomes a monopoly; and excludes all injurious competition. With the greatest deference and respect for those who press such an argument, I cannot but express my surprise that it shoiild be urged. As long ago as the case in the year book, 22 Hen. VI. 14; the difference was pointed out in argument between such grants as involve public duties and public matters for the common benefit of the people, and such as are for mere private benefit, involving no such consideration. If.a bank, or insurance company, or manufacturing company, is established in any town by an act of incorporation; no one ever imagined that the corporation was bound to do business, to employ its capital, to manufacture goods, to make insurance. The privilege is a mere private corporate privilege for the benefit of the stockholders, to be used or not at their own pleasure; to operate when they please; and to stop when they please. Did any man ever imagine that he had a right to have a note discounted by a bank, or a policy underwritten by an insurance company? Such grants are always deemed privati juris. No indictment lies for a non user. But in cases of ferries and bridges, and other franchises of a like nature, (as has been shown,) they are affected with a jus publicum. Such grants are made for the public accommodation; and pontage and passage are authorized to be levied upon travellers; (which can'only be by public authority;) and, in return, the proprietors are bound to keep up all suitable accommodations for travellers, under the penalty of indictment for their neglect.
The tolls are deemed an equivalent for the burden, and are deemed exclusive, because they might not otherwise afford any just indemnity. In the very case at bar, the proprietors of Charles River Bridge, (as we have seen,) are compellable to keep their draws and

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
bridge in good repair, during the period of seventy years; to pay an annuity to Harvard college; to give all reasonable accommodations to the public travel: and, if they do not, they may be grievously amerced. The burdens being exclusively on them, must not the tolls granted by way of remuneration; (I repeat it,) must they not be equally exclusive, to insure an indemnity? Is there any analogy in such a case to the case of a bank, or an insurance company, or a manufacturing company? The case of Jackson v. Lamphire, 3 Peters' R. 280, contains no doctrine which, in the slightest degree, interferes with that which I have been endeavouring to establish in the present case. In that decision, I believe that I concurred; and I se3 no reason now to call in question the soundness of that decision. That case does not pretend to inculcate the doctrine that no implications can be made, -as to matters of contract, beyond the express terms of a grant. If it did, it would be in direct conflict with other most prcfoundly considered adjudications of this Court. It asserted, only, that the grant in that case carried no implication that the grantee should enjoy the land therein granted, free from any legislative regulations to be made in violation of the constitution of the state. Such an implication, so broad and so unmeasured, which might extend far beyond any acts which could be held in any just sense to revoke or impair the grant, could, by no fit reasoning, be deduced from the nature of the grant. What said the Court on that occasion? "The only contract made by the state, is a grant to J. C., his heirs, and assigns, of the lard iki question.. The patent contains no covenant to do or not to do any further act in relation to the land; and we do not, in this case, feel at liberty to create one by implication. The state has not, by this act, impaired the force of the grant. It does not profess or attempt to take the land from the assigns of C., and give it to one not claiming under him. Neither does the award produce that effect. The grant remains in full force; the property conveyed is held by the grantee; and, the state asserts no claim to it." But suppose the reverse had been the fact. Suppose that the state had taken away the land, and granted it to another; or asserted its own right otherwise to impair the grant: does it not follow, from this very reasoning of the Court, that it would have been held to have violated the implied obligations of the grant?, Certainly it*must have been so held, or the Court would have overturned its own most solemn judgments in other cases. Now, there is not, and cannot be, any real distinction between a grant ofJand

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

641

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] and a grant of franchises. The implication, in each case, must be the same, viz. that the thing granted shall not b'e resumed, or impaired by the grantor.
It has been further argued, that even if the charter of the Charles River Bridge does imply such a contract on the part of the legislature as is contended for, it is void for want of authority inthe legislature to make it; because it is a surrender of the right of eminent domain, entrusted to the legislature and its successors for the benefit of the public, which it is not at liberty to alienate. If the argument means no more than that the legislature, being entrusted with the power to grant franchises, cannot, by contract, agree to surrender or part with this power, generally, it would be unnecessary to consider the argument; for no one supposes that the legislature can rightfully surrender its legislative power. If the argument means no more than that the legislature, having the right by the constitution to take private property, (among which property are franchises,) for public purposes, cannot divest itself of such a right by contract, there would be as little reason to contest it. /Neither of these cases is like that beiore the Coprt. But the argument, (if I do not misunderstand it,) goes further, and denies the right of the legislature to make a contract granting the exclusive right to build a bridge between Charlestown and Boston, and thereby taking from itself the. right to grant another bridge between Charlestown and Boston, at its pleasure; although the contract does not exclude the legislature from taking it for public use upon making actual compensation; because it trenches upon the sovereign right of eminent domain.
It is unnecessary to consider whether the phrase " eminent domain," in the sense in which it is used in the objection, is quite accurate. The right of eminent domain is usually understood to be the ultimate right of the sovereign power to appropriate, not only the public property, but the private property of all citizens within the territorial sovereignty, to public purposes. Vattel (B. 1, ch. 20, s. 244) seems so to have understood the terms; for he says, that the right, which belongs to the society or the sovereign of disposing, in case of necessity, and for the public safety, of all the wealth (the property) contained in the state, is 'called the "eminent domain." And he adds, that it is placed among the prerogatives of majesty; which, in another section, (B. 1, ch. 4, s. 45,) he defines to be, "all the prerogatives without which the sovereign command, or authority,
I VOL. X.--4 M 

SUPREME -COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
could not be exerted in the manner most conducive to the public welfare." The right of "eminent domain," then, does not comprehend all, but only is among the prerogatives of majesty.
But the objection uses the words in a broader sense, as including what may be deemed the essential and ordinary attributes of sovereignty; such as the right to provide for the public welfare, to open highways, to build bridges, and from time to time to make grants of franchises for the public good. Without doubt, these are proper attributes of sovereignty, and prerogatives resulting from its general nature and functions. And so Vattel considers them in the passage cited at the bar; b. 1, ch. 9, sec. 100, 101. But they.are attributes and prerogatives of sovereignty only, and can be exercised only by itself, unless specially delegated.
But, without stopping to examine into the true meaning of phrases, it may be proper to say, that however extensive the prerogatives and attributes of sovereignty may theoretically be, in free governments they are universally held to be restrained within some limits. Although the sovereign power in free governments may appropriate all the property, public as well as private, for public purposes, making compensation therefor; yet it has never been understood, at least never in our republic, that the sovereign power can take the private property of A and give it to B, by the right of "eminent domain;" or, that it can take it at all, except for pullic purposes; or, that it can take it for public purposes, without the duty and responsibility of making compensation for the sacrifice of the private property of one, for the good of the whole. These limitations have been held to be fundamiental axioms in free governments, like ours; and have accordingly received the sanction of some of our most eminent judges and jurists. Vattel himself lays them down, in discussing the question of the right of eminent domain, as among the fundamental principles of government, bi--ing even upon sovereignty itself. "If," says he, "the nation itself disposes of the public property in virtue of this eminent domain,, the alienation is valid, as having been made with a sufficient power. When it disposes in like manner, in a case of necessity, of the possessions (the property) of a community, or of an individual, the alienation will be valid for the same reason. But justice demands, that this community,,or this individual be recompensed out of the public money; and, if the treasury is not able to pay, all the citizens are obliged to conttibute to it;"

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
Vattel, b. 1, ch. 20, S. 244. They have also been incorporated into most of our state constitutions, and into that of the United
States; and, what is most important to the present argument, with the state coustitutiort of Massachusetts. So long as they remain in those constitutions, they must be treated as limitations imposed by
the sovereign authority upon itself; and, a fortiori, upon all its delegated agents. The legislature of Massachusetts is in no just sense sovereign. It is but the agent, with limited authority, of the state sovereignty; and it cannot rightfully transcend the bounds fixed in the constitution. What those limits are, I shall presently consider. It is but justice to the argumeLt to say, that I do not understand it to maintain that the legislature ought not in all cases, as a matter of duty, to give compensation; where private property or franchises are taken away. But that the legislature is the final judge as to the time, the manner, and the circumstances, under which it should bz given or withheld; whether when the property is taken, or afterwards; and whether it is, or is not a case for compensation at all.
But let us see what the argument is in relation to sovereignty in general. It admits, that the sovereign power has, anmong its prerogatives, the right to make grants, to build bridges, to erect ferries, to lay out highways; and to create franchises for public and pri-vate purposes. If it has a right to make such grants, it follows that the grantees have a right to take, and to hold these franchises. It would be a solecism to declare that the sovereign po*er could grant, and yet no one could have a right to take. If it may grant such franchises, it may define and limit the nature and extent of such franchises; for, as the power is general, the limitations must depend upon the good pleasure and discretion of the sovereign power in making the particular grant. If it may prescribe the limits, it may contract that these limits shall not be invaded by itself or by others.
It follows, from this view of the subject, that if the sovereign power grants any franchise, it is- good and irrevocable within the limits granted, whatever they may be; or else, in every case, the grant will be held only during pleasure; and the identical franchise may be granted to any other person, or may be revoked at the will of the sovereign. This latter doctrine is not pretended; and, indeed, is unmaintainable in our systems of free government. If, on the other hand, the argument be sound, that the sovereign power cannot grant a frauchise to be exclusive within certain limits, and cannot contract

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v Warren Bridge et al.]
not to grant the same, or any like ifranchise, within the same limits, to the prejudice of the first grant, because it would abridge the sovereign power in the exercise of its right to grant franchises; the argument applies equally to all grants of franchises, whether they are broad or, narrow: for, pro lanto, they do abridge the exercise of the sovereign power to grant the same franchise within the same limits. Thus, for example, if the sovereign power should expressly grant an exclusive right to build a bridge over navigable waters, between the towns of A and B, and should expressly contract with the grantees, that no other bridge should be built betweeii the same towns; the grant would, upon the principles of the argument, be equally void in regard to the franchise within the planks of the bridge, as it would be in regard to the franchise outside of the planks of the bridge; for, in each case, it would, pro tanto,. abridge or surrender the right of the sovereign to grant a new bridge within the local limits. I am aware that the argument is not pressed to this extent; but it seems to me a necessary consequence flowing from it. The grant of the franchise of a bridge, twenty feet wide, to be exclusive within those limits, is certainly, if obligatory, an abridgment or surrender of the sovereign power to grant another bridge within the same limits; if we mean to say that every grant that diminishes the things upon which that power can rightfully act, is such an abridgment. Yet the argument admits, that within the limits and planks of the bridge itself, the grant is exclusive; and cannot be recalled. There is no doubt, that there is -anecessary exception in every such grant, that if it is wanted for public use, it may be taken by the sovereign power for such use, upon makiig compensation. Such a taking is not a violation of the contract; but it is strictly an exception resulting from the nature and attributes of sovereignty; implied from the very terms, or at least acting upon the subject matter of the grant, suot jure.
But the legislature of Massachusetts is, as I have already said, in no just sense the sovereign of the state. The sovereignty belongs to the people ot the state in their original character as an independent commun;ty; and the legislature possesses those attributes of sovereignty, and those only, which have been delegated to it by the people of the state, under its constitution.
There is no doubt, that among the powers so delegated to the legislature, is the power to grant the franchises of bridges and ferries, and others of a like nature. The power to grant is not limited by

-JANUARY TERM, 1837.

1645

[Charles River Bridgo v. Warren Bridge et al] any restrictive terms in the constitution; and it is of course general
and'unlimited as to the terms, the manner, and the extent of grant-
ing franchises. These are matters resting in its sound discretion;
and having the right to grant, its grantees have a right to hold, according to the terms of their grant, and to the extent of the exclusive privileges conferred. thereby. This is the necessary result of the general authority, upon the principles already stated.
But this doctrine does not stand upon general reasoning alone. It is directly and positively affirmed by all the judges of the state court, (the.trueand rightful expositors of the state constitution,) in this very case. All of them admit that the grant of an exclusive franchise of this sort, made by the legislature, is absolutely obligatory upon the legislature, and cannot be revoked or resumed; and that it is a part of the contract, implied in the grant, that it shall not be revoked or resumed; and that, as a contract, it is valid to the extent of the exclusive franchise granted. So that the highest tribunal in the state which is entitled to pass judgment on this very point, has decided against the soundness of the veryobjection now stated; and has affirmed the validity and obligation of such a grant of the franchise. The question, among the.learned judges, was not whether the grant was valid dr not; for all of them admitted it to be good and irrevocable. But the question was, what was, in legal construction, the nature and-extent of the exclusive franchise granted. This is not all. Although the legislature have an unlimited power to grailt franchises, by the constitution of Massachusetts; they are not entrusted with any general sovereign power to recall ot r-sume theme:- On the contrary, there is an"express prohibition in the bill of rights in that constitution, restraining the legislature from taking any private property, except upon two conditions; first, that it is wanted for public use: and secondly, that due compensation is made. So that the power to grant franchises, which are conife, edly property, is general; while the power to impair the obligation of the grant, and to resume the property, is limited. An act of the legislature transcending these bounds, is utterly void; and so it has been constantly held by the state judges. The same doctrine has been maintained by this Court, on various occasions; and especially in Fletcher v. Peck, 6 Cranch, R. 136; and in Woodward v. Trustees of Dartmouth College, 4 Wheaton, R. 518.
Another answer to the argument has been, iii fact, already given,
It is, that by the grant of a particular franchise the legislature does

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et aL.]
not surrender its power to grant franchises, but merely parts with its power to grant the same franchise; for it cannot grant that which it has already parted with. Its power remains the same; but the thing on which it can alone operate, is disposed of. It may, indeed, take it again for public uses, paying a compensation. But it cannot resume it, or grant it to another person; under any other circumstances, or for any other purposes.
In truth, however, the argument itself proceeds upon a ground
which the Court cannot act upon or sustain. The argument is, that if the state legislature makes a grant of a franchise exclusive, and contracts that it shall remain exclusive within certain local limits; it is an cxcess of power, and void as an abridgment or surrender of the rights of sovereignty, under the state constitution. But this is a point over
which this Court has no jurisdiction. We have no right to inquire in this case, whether a state law is repugnant to its own constitution; but only whether it is repugnant to the constitution of the United States. If the contract has been made, we are to say whether its obligation has been impaired; and not to ascertain whether the legislature could rightfully make it. Such was the doctrine of this Court in the case of Jackson v. Lamphire, already cited; 3 Peters' R. 280-289. But the conclusive answer is, that the state judges have already settled that point, and held the present grant a contract; to be valid to the extent of the exclusive limits of the grant, what-
ever they are. To sum up, then, the whole argument on this head; I maintain,
that, upon the principles of common reason and legal interpretation, the present grant carries with it a necessary implication that the legislature shall do no act to destroy or ssentially to impair the franchise; that, (as one of the learned judges of the state court expressed it,) there is an implied agreement that the state will not grant another bridge between Boston and Charlestown, so near as to draw away the custom from the old one; and, (as another learned judge expressed it,) that there is an implied agreement of the state to graot the undisturbed use of the bridge and its tolls, so far as respects any acts of its own, or of any persons acting under its authority. In other words, the state, impliedly, contracts not to resume its grant, or to do any act to the prejudice or destruction of its grant. I maintain, that there is no authority or principle established in relation to the construction of crown grants, or legislative grants;, which does not concede and justify this doctrine. Where the thing is given,

JANUARY TERM, 1837.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
the incidents, without which it cannot be enjoyed, are also given; ut res magis valeat quam pereat. I maintain that a different doctrine is utterly repugnant to all the principles of the common law, applicable to all franchises of a like nature; and that we must overturn -some of the best securities of the rights of property, before it can be established., I maintain, that the common law is the birthright of every citizen of Massachusetts, and that he holds the title deeds of his property, corporeal, and incorporeal, under it. I maintain, that under the principles of the common law, there exists no more right in the legislature of Massachusetts, to erect the Warren Bridge, to the ruin of the franchise of the Charles River Bridge, than exists to transfer the latter to the former, or to authorize the former to demolish the latter. If the legislature does not mean in its grant to give any exclusive rights, let it say so, expressly; directly; and in terms admitting of 'no misconstruction. The grantees will then take at their peril, and must abide the results of their overweening confidence, indiscretion, and zeal.
My judgment is formed: upon the terms of the grant, its nature and objects, its design and- duties; and, in its interpretation, I seek for no new principles, but I apply such as are as old as the very rudimehts of the common law.
But, if I could persuade myself that this.view of the case were not conclusive upon the only question before this Court, I should rely upon another ground, which, in my humble judgment, is equally decisive in favour of the plaintiffs. I hold, that the plaintiffs are the equitable assignees .(during the period of their ownership of the bridge) of the old ferry, belonging to Harvard college, between Charlestown and Boston, for a valuable consideration; and, as such assignees, they are entitled to an exclusive right to the ferry, so as to exclude any new bridge from being erected between those places during that period. If Charles River Bridge did not exist, the erection of Warren Bridge would be a nuisance to that ferry, and Vould in fact ruin it. It would be exactly the case of Chadwick v. The Proprietors of Haverhill Bridge; which, notwithstanding all I have heard to the contrary, I deem of the very highest authority. But; independently of that case, I should arrive at the same conclusion upon general principles. -The general rights and duties.of the owners of ferries, at the common law, were not disputed by any of the learned judges in the state court to be precisely the same in Massachusetts, as in England. I shall not; therefore, attempt to go over

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et aL] that ground with any farther illustrations, than what have already, in another part of this opinion, been suggested. I cannot accede to the argument, that the ferry was extinguished by operation of law by the grant of the bridge, and the acceptance of the annuity. In my judgment, it was indispensable to the existence of the bridge, as to its termini, that the ferry should be deemed to be still'a subsisting franchise; for otherwise, the right of landing on each side would be gone. I shall not attempt to go over the reasoning, by which I shall maintain this opinion; as it is examined with great clearness and ability by Mr. Justice Putnam, in his opinion in the state court, to which I gladly refer, as expressing mainly all my own views on this topic. Indeed, there is in the whole of that opinion such a masculine vigour, such a soundness and depth of learning, such a forcible style of argumentation and illustration; that in every step of my own progress I have sedulously availed myself of his enlightened labours. For myself, I can only say that I have as yet heard no answer to his reasoning; and my belief is, that in a juridical sense, it is unanswerable..
Before I close, it is proper to notice, and I shall do it briefly, Another argument strongly pressed at the bar against the plaintiffs; and that is, that the extension of the term of the franchise of the plaintiffs for thirty years, by the act of 1792, (erecting the West Boston Bridge, between Boston and Cambridge,) and the acceptance thereof by the plaintiffs, amounted to a surrender or extinguishment of their exclusive franchise, if they ever had any, to build bridges over Charles river; sa that they are barred from now setting it up against the Warren Bridge. In myjudgment, there is no foundation whatsoever, either in law, or in the facts, to sustain thisobjection. If any legitimate conclusion be deducible from the terms of that act, it is, that the plaintiffs, if they had claimed any such exclusive right over the whole river, would by their acceptance of the new term of years have been estopped to clahu any damages done to their franchise by the erection of West Boston Bridge; and that their consent "must be implied to its erectiom But there is no warrant for the ob-' jeetion.in any part of the language of the act.. The extension of the term isnot granted upon any condition whatsoever. No surrender of pny-right is asked, or required. The clause extending the term, purportsi- in its face, to be c, mere donation or bounty of the legislature, foundecd on motives of public liberality and policy. It is granted expiessly, As an encouragement to enterprise, and ds a compensation

JANUARY TERM, 1837.

649

[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.] for the supposed diminution of tolls, which West Boston .Bridge would occasion to Charles River Bridge; and in no manner suggests any sacrifice or surrender of right whatsoever, to be made by the plaintiffs. In the next plate, the erection of West Boston Bridge was no invasion, whatsoever, of the franchise of the plaintiffs. Their right, as I have endeavoured to show, was limited to a bridge, and the travel between Charlestown and Boston; and did not extend beyond those towns. West Boston Bridge was between Boston and Cambridge, at the distance of more than a mile by water, and by land of nearly three miles; and as the roads then ran, the line of travel for West Boston Bridge would scarcely ever, perhaps never, approach nearer than that distance to Charles River Bridge. The grant, therefore, could not have been founded in any notion of any surrender or extinguishment of the exclusive franchise of the plaintiffs; for it did reach to such an extent. It did not reach Cambridge, and never had reached it.
As to the report of the committee, on the basis of which the West Boston Bridge was granted, it has in my judgment no legal bearing on the question. The committee say, that they are of opinion, that the act of 1785, did not confer "an exclusive grant of the right to build over the waters of Charles river." That is true; and it is equally true, that the plaintiffs never asserted., or pretended to have any such right. In their remonstrance against the erection of West Boston Bridge, they assert no such right; but they put themselves upon mere equitable considerations, addressing themselves to the sound discretion of the legislature. If they had asserted such a broad right, it would not justify any conclusion that they were called upon to surrender, or did surrender their real and unquestionable rights. The legislature understood itself to be granting a boon; and not making a bargain, or asking a favour. It was liberal, because it meant to be just, in a case of acknowledged hazard, and of
honourable enterprise, very beneficial to the public. To Suppose, that the plaintiffs meant to surrender their present valuable and exclusive right of franchise for thirty-four remaining years, and to put it in the power of the legislature, the next day, or the next year, to
erect a bridge, toll or free, which by its-contiguity should ruin theirs, or take away all their profits; is a supposition, in my judgment, truly extravagant, and without a scintilla of evidence to support it. The burdens of maintaining the bridge were to remain; the paymert of
the 'an;, ity to Harvard college was to remain: and yet, upon this VOL. XI.-4 N

SUPREME COURT.
[Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge et al.]
supposition, the extension of the term of their charter, granted in the shape of a bounty, would amount to a right to destroy the franchise the next day, or the next hour, at the pleasure of the legislature. I cannot perceive, upon what ground such an implication can be made; an implication, not arising from any words or intent expressed on the face of the act, or fairly inferrible from its purposes; and wholly repugnant to the avowed objects of the grant, whicfi are to confer a benefit, and not to impose an oppressive burden, or create a ruinous competition.
Upon the whole, my judgment is, that the act of the legislature of Masswchn.setti granting the charter of Warren Bridge, is an act impairing the obligation of the prior contract and grant to the proprietors of Charles River Bridge; and, by the constitution of the United States, it is, therefore, utterly void. I am for reversing the -decree of the state court, (dismissing the bill;) and for remandingThe cause to the state court for further proceedings, as te law and justice shall appertain.
Air. Justice THOMPSON. The opinion delivered by my brother, Mr. Justice Story, .1 have read over, and deliberately considered. On this full consideration, I concur entirely in all the principles and reasonings contained in it; and I am of opinion the decree of the supreme judicial court of Massachu oAts should be reversed.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from tie supreme judicial court, holden in and for'the county of Suffolk, in the commonwealth of Massachusetts, and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, it is ordered, adjudged, and decredd by this Couit, that the, decree of the said supreme judicial court in this cause; be, and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs.

