JANUARY TERM, 1838.

241

JOHN J. JENKINS AND OTHERS, APPELLANTS V. SARAH
EDWARD ARELL PYE, INFANTS,/ BlY JAMES B. Pk,
THER AND NEXT FRIEND, APPELLEES.

M. PVrE AND
THEIR FA-

The complainants in their bill allege, that a conveyance of her real estate was made by a daughter to her father, for a nominal consideration. The answer denied the' matter stated in the bill; and the defendants gave evidence of the transfer of stock', to the value of two thousand dollars, on the day the conveyance was made, claiming that this was also the consideration in the deed. Held, that this evidence was admissible, without an amendment of the answer. It rebutted the allegation in the bill, that the deed was made wholly withou consideration.
The complainants, as the ground to invalidate a deed, made by a daughter, of twentythree years of age, to her fatherx by whicli she conveyed the estate of her deceased
mother, to her father; he having a life estate, as tenant by the curtesy, in the same; asserted that such a deed ought, upon considerations of public policy, growing out of the relations of the parties, be deemed void. The Court said: We do not deem
it necessary to travel over all the English authoritie s which have been cited; we have looked into the leading cases, and cannot discover any thing to warrant the broad and unqualified doctrine asseited. All the cases are accompanied with some
ingredient, showing utldue -influence exercised by the parent, operating on the fears or hopes of the child; and sufficient to show reasonable grounds to presume, that the act was not.perfectly free and voluntary, on the part of the child; and in some cases, although there may be circumstances tending, in some small degree,
to show undue influence; yet if the agreement appears reasonable, it haa been considered enough to outweigh slight circumstances, so as not to affect the validity of the deed. It becomes less necessary for the Court to go into a critical examira-
tion of the English chancery doctrine on this subject; for, should the cases be found
to countenance it, we hould not be dispoged to adopt or sanction the broad princi-
ple, that the deed of a child to a parent, is to be deemed, prima facie, void.
To consider a parent disqualified to take a voluntary deed from his child, without
consideration, on account of their r61ationship, is opening a principle at war with
all filial, as well as parental duty and affection; and acting on the presumption that a parent, instead of wishing to promote the interest and welfare, would be seeking to overreach and defraud his child. Whereas, the presumption ought to be, in the tbsence of all proof tending to a contrary conclusion, thut the advancemefit ofthe interest of the child was the object in view ; and to presume the existence of circumstances conducing to that result. Such a presumption .harmonizes with the moral obligations of a parent to provide for his child; and is founded upon the same.benign principle that governs cases of purchases made by parents, in the name of a child. The natural and reasonable presumption- in all transactions of this kind is, that a benefit was intended the child, because in the discharge of a mo-
ral and parental duty.
In the year 1813, a daughter, twenty-three years old, cdnveyed all ber remainder in the real estate wich.had belonged to her mo.her, to her father, for a nominal consideration. ' She married two years afterwards, and died in 1818. No complaint of the transaction was made in the lifetime of the daughter, nor during the life-
VOL. XII.-2 H

SUPREME COURT.
[Jenkins .etal. v. Pye et a1.] time of the father, who died in 1831. Lapse of time, and the death of the parties to a deed, have always been considered, in a court of clancery, 6ntitled to great weight; and almost controlling circumstances in cases of this kind.
ON 'appeal from ,the circuit ,ourt of the United States of the Dis-
trict Of Columbia, for the county of Alexandria..
In the circuit court, the appellees filed their bill against John J. Jenkins, and Mary, the wife of Robert Morrow, children of George Jenkins by a second wife; the said George Jenkins having died on the 8th day of April, 1831; to set aside a certain deed executed by Eleanor Jenkins, who-was the daughter of George Jenkins and the mother of the complainants, and who died in 1818. George Jenkins had first intermarried with Mary Arell, who, .as one of the heirs of Richard Arell, was entitled to considerable real estate; of which partition was- made in 1797. She died5 leaving' but one child, the mother of.the complainants; and her estate descended to her daughter, subject to a life estate in George Jenkins, as tenant by the curtesy. George Jenkins, after her decease, married end had children by his second wife, one of whom is-one of the appellants in the case. The deed was duly executed by the mother of the complainants, on the 15th of March, 1813, and recorded on the 3d of November, in the same year; and conveyed in fee simple to George Jenkins, for.a nominal considerationa, all the real estate and ground rent6 to which she was entitled asthe heir of her mother. The bill also sought to recover the value of certain real estae, part of that conveyed to George Jenkins, which was afterwards sold by him to different persons;. and also the rents of part of the real estate left unsold at the death of George Jenkins, a-nd received by the executor, after his decease. The complainants charge in their bill, that the deed executed by their mother, being made wholly without consideration, operated to create a resulting trust in favour, of Eleanor Jenkins and her heirs: and they claim, if this cannot be sustained, that the deed was obtained by the undue influence of paternal authority; and was therefore void against the grantor and her heirs, in equity: and ask that it be vacated as to all the property conveyed by it, which was unsold at the decease of George Jenkins.
The answer of the defendants denies that any undue influence was exercised by George Jenkins over his daughter; who, when she executed the deed, was twenty-three years of age, and was at the time

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Jenkin et al. v. Pye et al.] -Well acquainted with her, rights, and With the. value of the property. On the trial it wis admitted, that no undue influencewas exercised by the father; and it was in:evidence, that when the deed was, recorded, George Jenkins gave- to his daughter two thousand dollars in bat* stock. This, and the further consideration that the daughter was to receive a proportionate part of- her father's estate, who,;in addition to the property conveyed by the deed, was wealthy' and the estate conveyed being such gs. required latge expenses for its preservation and improvement; were asserted.to be a valuable consideration for the deed.
The circuit court djecreed the deed to be null and void;, because the same was made without "any consideration," and because the same was obtained "soon after 'the minority of said Eleanor, and while she yet remained under his power and control, and uninformed of the
nature and extent of her rights;" and having. decreed also, that one-of the appellants, John J. Jenkins, as administrator aforesaid, should pay three thousand six hundred and seve nty-seven dollars and one cent,. being a balance due, after deducting two thousand dolhars,'paid on the 3d of November, 1813, With interest from 8th of April, 1831, or account ofmoney received for sales of part of said property; and also, the 'sum .of one 'thousand- one hundred and sixty-seven dollars and five cents, amount of rents alleged to have been received since the death of the said George Jenkins; and also, the sum of eighteen dollars and twenty-five cents, with interest from said 8th of April, 1831, Which had.been received by George Jenkins on the partition of the estate, for owelty of partition, awarded in 1797.
The defendants appealed to this Court. The case was argued by Mr. Robert I: Brent and Mr. Jones for the appellants, and by Mr. Simmes, and Coxe for the appellees.
Mr. Brent contended, 1st. That there can be 'no resulting trust as charged in the bill; because that doctrine is confined to cases where the trust results to a purchaser takipg a conveyance in the name of a third person, or similar cases; 2 Atkyn's Rep. 256; 2 Mad. Chan. Prac. 113; 4 Kent's Com. (ed. 1832,) 305., 2d. The bill takes the alternative ground, in case the resulting trust fails; that the deed of March, 1813, executed by Eleanor Jenkins (the daughter) to George Jenkins, (the father,) Iwas obtained by the ur'due influence 'of paternal authority.

SUPREME COURT.
[Jenkins et al. v. Pye'et al.]
The answer of the'defendants positively denies the charge of undue influence; and this denial is conclusive to negative the charge in the absence of all other testimony.
The case of the complainants stands alone on the broad and naked
principle that all transactions or dealings between parent and child by which a benefit passes to the former is interdicted, "ipso facto;" by the policy of the law. We deny that spri is the settled rule of law, and confidently assert, that in every adjudged case there was some circumstance of undue influence proved, and required by the court as a material ingreJient.. Huguenir v. Basely, 14 Vesey, 291; 2 Atkyns, 254, 258; 1 Peer. Williams, 607; 1 Peere Williams, 639; 1 Atkynsi 402; 2 Atkyns, 85; 2 Atkyns, 160; 1 Mad. Chan. Prac. 309; Green v. Green, 1 Bros. Parl. Cas. 143; Lewis v. Pead, 1 Ves. Jr., 19; Pratt v. Barker, 1 Simon's Rep. 1; King y. Hamlett; 2Mylne and Keene, 474, 480; Pothier, Oblig. (old edit.) 22.
3d. Admitting that this deed was purely voluntary, an absolute gift of. all the property by a daughter twenty-thret years of age to her father; still the conveyance ought to be sustained, because it may have been the true interest of Eleanor Jenkins to place herself on the same footing'with her brother and sister by a different mother: her father was a man of large fortune, and it might be greatly to her benefit to divest herself of her remote reversion, and come in, share and share alike, with her brother and sister.
At all' events, such a settlement would be reasonable and just towards her half-brother and sister; and on that ground alone' would be valid; I Atkyns, 5, 6.
4th. Whatever piay have been the abuse of parental authority by George Jenkins in procuring the deed of March, 1813; the equity of the complainants is 4osf by the lapse of time,, (nineteen years,) and the circumstances of the case.
On this point it appearm that Eleanor Jenkins was not married for two years after the date of the deed; and that she. lived several years after her intermarriage with James Pye (the next friend of the infant complinants); that George Jenkins lived until 1831; and that not a word of complaint against the fairness of the deed of March, 1813, was ever uttered in the lifetime of either of the original parties to that'deed. The Court would make wild work to unravel the transaction under such circumstances. Bower v. Carter, 5 Vesey, 875, 879;'17 Vesey, 97, 100; 1 Jac. &Walk. 63.
5th. But conceding all pre. ious- propositions, it appears that. two

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

245

[Jenkins et al. v. Pye et al.] thousand dollars was paid by George Jenkins to Eleanor Jenkins on the 3d November, 1813, the day of recording the deed; this was a full and adequate consideration for the reversion dependant on a robust life, and considering the dilapidated'situation of the property. And it farther appears, that George Jenkins applied one thousand dollars to the education of Sarah M. Pye (one of the complainants); these facts prove the consideration paid, and, to be paid, for the purchase of Eleanor Jenkins' reversionary interest.
6th. On the hypothesis that the deed of March; 1.813 is to be annulled, then the court below erred in not allowing the appellants interest on -the sum of two thousand dollars paid to Eleanor Jenkins, on the 3d, of November; 1813; and in not crediting George Jenkins' estate with the advances made by him to the children of Eleanor Jenkins; and which could not be considered in the light of donations, if this deed is pronounced irvalid. Slocum v. Marshal, 2 Wash. C.
C. R. 401. 7th. The court erred in charging George Jenkins' estate with a
sum of money paid him in 1797, in right of his wife, (the mother of Eleanor Jenkins) for owelty of partition; because, first, the hill did not claim it, 9 Cranch, 19; second, the husband was entitled tp the money as personalty not realty, 1 Har. & Gill, 277.

Mr. Jones stated that there was nothing in this case, upon the bill, answer and evidence, but the ease of a daughter of fuH age, having conveyed her residuary interest in her estate to her father; he having an intermediate estate for life in the property, as 'a tenant by the curtesy. At the time of the conveyance, he was in full life and health; and he actually lived eighteen years after the conveyance was made. There is no allegation of undue parental influence. This is disclaimed; and the high character of the father forbids such a belief. The father appropriated two thousand dollars of stock to the benefit of the daughter, on .the day the conveyance was recorded. which amount he received from the sale, in fee simple, of a partof the estate, which was at the same time sold for three thousand dollars.
If the deed is to be set aside, it Will be on the principle that such a conveyance by ft daughter to a father cannot be made. That the relations of a child to a parent are such, as to forbid her the exercise of a fair and just 'discretion and judgment; and that a court of chan-

SUPREME COURT.
[Jenkins et al. v. Pye et al.]
cery will presume all such conveyances fraudulent, and will avcid them.
Mr.. Jones denied that such principles were just to the relations of a parent to a child; and he'denied that any such rule had been established by the decisions of courts of chancery.
No case had been cited, ane none could be found, in which the mere faict of such a conveyance furnished a ground to vacate it. In all the cases there had- been other matters which satisfied the chancellor that the deed should be avoided.
The presumption should be. in favour of 'such a transaction as that befQre the Court. It was between a father and his child; between one who had every inducement, from nature and from duty, to take care of and protect and promote the interests of his child. Would the CoUrt, against these bonds of union, against the influence of a relationship which should be believed to operate qnly for the benefit of the child. infer the violation of every duty, and believe that all-these feelingwere'disregarded? Would they apply a rule to such a case, which could have had no origin but in a bosom devoid of every affection-which should prevail in it? A court of :chancery, to adopt such principles, must disregard the best and the most influential sympathies and affections of our nature; and must look at man as wanting in all that ornaments and dignifies him.
Mr. Semmes, for the appellees, after fully stating the facts,.regretted that his absence from the Court during the opening argument of. the counsel for the appellants on the previous day, would limit his remarks to a consideration of the causes of error assigned by the appellants in their printed brief. These assignments of error he would, however, take up seriatim; and felt confident that an investigation of them would disclose the wl'ole merits of the controversy, both. on the law and the facts.
The appellants contend that the decree ought to be reversed for the following reasons:
1st. That the court below erred in refusing to allow the appellants to amend their answer, upon newly discovered evidence, so as to plead the fact of a valuable considerationhaving been paid fdr the property conveyed in the deed, in order to let in proof of the same.
The ,prayer of the petition was properly refused. It was made after the hearing-afterthe court had pronounced their opinion in the case, and were about proceeding to enter a final decree. Petitions

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

247

[Jenkins et al. v. Pye et al,]
to amend the pleadings bbth. at law and in equity are addressed to the soun( discretion of the Court; when that discretion has once been exercised, it is absolute, and admits of no question. A refusal to permit such amendwients can never be assigned as error in an appellate court. Were the action of the court below subject to such re. ision, it would cease to have a discretion in the matter. Amendments in an answer will never be permitted after the hearing. -Cited 1 Harr. Chan. Prac. 226, et seq.; Rawlins v. Powell, 1 P. Wms. 297; Calloway v. Dobson, 1 Brockenborough, 119.
But the petition was rightly refused on the face of it. It does not allege the discovery of new evidence; but is in truth a prayer to amend, that a new version may be given to a fact already before the court, and on which they had judicially passed. The amen dment desired was, that they might allege a t-ansfer of two, thousand dollars in bank stock, made Novdinber 3d, 1813, to be the cohsideration of the deed executed on March 15th, 1813. It was a petition for a new argument on the state of facts already considered by the court. The answer of Jenkins had alleged the transfer of large amounts of bank stock; the report of the master commissioner, and the certificate of the bank clerk, had ascertained that amount to have been the two thousand dollars in question; this was then before the'court; was climed as an offset in the court below by the appellants; and when, two years after the commissioner's report, the court were about proceeding to a final decree, this petition was put in for an amendment, by which a fact so vell known might be wrested to a purpose that the zealous defence of the appellants below had never until that moment contemplated. This transfer of bank stock, which can never be admitted as the consideration of the deed from Eleanor to her father; will assume a more important aspect in considering the next .cause of error in the appellants' brief.
The petition was, mhoreover, detective in a material point. While it alleged that this bank stock was the consideration of the deed, and prayed the amendment to let in proof of that fact; it did not allege the existence of evidence to substantiate the position, nor show a probable case to the court that such was likely to be proven. The petition to amend was, under all the circumstances,-properly refused.
The next cause of error is: 2dly. That said deed does not operate as a resulting1rust, as
charged in this case. Although it is perfectly competent for the appellees to insist that

SUPREME COURT.
[Jenkins et al. v. Pye et al.] in this case a trust did technically result to'.h grantor and her heirs, yet they do not consider it necessary to rely on that poiht. That such trust on the facts of this case would have resulted, cited 2 Story's Equity, 440.
The facts show that the original parties to the deed must have contemplated a trust. The two thousand, dollars now sought to be made the .c.onsideratibn of the deed, was part of the larger sum of three thousand dollars; for which one of the lots, covered by, it, was sold a few days before to Harper & Davis. Here was a direct application by the grantee, to the use of the grantor; of part'of the pro ceeds of the property.
It was a direct recognition of the implied trust by George Jenkins; and alone would warrant the inference that such was the contemplation of the parties. But this point in the appellants' brief, as well as the next, which is:
3dly. That there was no . undue influence" used, as charged in this case; and that the evidence upon this point, so far as it goes, shows the reverse, may be properly included under the fourth; which is the only material question presented by the record. It may be as well, hdwever, ,here to remark, that the appellees do not rely on any allegation of actual" undue influence;" they do notimpugn the validity of this deed, on any charge of actualfraud. The grounds on which they contend for its nullity, will be presently considered. The answer of Jenkins is conclusive as to the point of restraint and coercion. Being responsive to the bill, and uncontradicted by t~stimony, it disposes of that question. The appellees, then, must resort to higher and sterner principles of equity jurisprudence to sustain their case.
The next, and only important po;tmade by the appellants, is: 4thly. That said deed is valid, both in law and in equity. No doctrine of the law is more firmly vstablished, or mow frequently acted op by courts of eqhity, than that all agreements, contracts, and conveyances procured by fraud, imposition, or undue influence, are null aid void.. As the rule is imperative where actual fraud is established,, so is it equally binding when the circumstances of the case, or the relations subsisting between the parties, are such as to raise the presumption of implied fraud, or to warrant the inferenee that one of the contracting parties might have'been subjected to oppression, or undue influence. The rule may appear arbitrary and unjust at first sight, as calcitlated to impair tlie fr, - exercise of

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Jenkins et al. v. Pye et al.] volition' in persons competent to contract; and as having a tendency
to destroy vested rights, and operate injuriously on innocent third persons. Correctly viewed, however, it will not appear obnoxious to such' objections. The policy of the law must lay out and define certain general principles as guides of action, and rules for construing all instruments and agreements.
Another broad department of equity jurisdiction is comprised in the protection it holds out to .parties whom the law does not consider as altogether sui juris, in respect to the exercise of proprietary rights; or as liable to be influenced by circumstances peculiar to their age, capacity, or situation. Protecting weak, and incapacitated persons from the effects of their own injudicious contracts, it well becomes the jealous spirits of the courts to have marked out certain social relations as peculiarly subject to suspicion and caution, in respect to all agreements'between persons affected by considerations or motives arising out of the relationship in question. Where one, party is not peifectly free to act, and the other party has availed himself of his power and influence in 'procuring, a conveyance or contract, courts of equity dispeqse with proof of actual fraud or imposition; but inferring constraint from the relations of the parties, will set aside such contract or conveyance, as contrary to public policy. In all cases, the onus probandiis on the party setting up such contract, to show an adequate consideration,'and the bona fide character of the transaction. The relations between gua'dianand ward,parent and child, solicitoror attorney and client, trustee and cestui que trust, master and servant, and the cases of expectant heirs, and of reversioners,are jealously watched; and all con-
trats made during its existence, by the minor party, in each of these relations to the superior, are scrutinized jealously; and, in some cases, on bare suspicion of Undue influence; in others, on the mere relation of the parties, fraud is inferred; and the contract or conveyance set asid&. Contracts made soon afier the termination of such relations, are, on. the same principle of policy, subjected to the operation of the same wholesome rule. Nor will lapse of time, or the death of the fraudulent.purchaser, so affect the case as to preclude the granfor, and those claiming under him, from setting aside the contract. Authorities cited, Morse v. Royal, 12 Ves. 371; Wright v. Proud, 13 Ves. 137; Murray v. Palmer, 2 Sch. and Lef. 474; Osmond v. Fitzroy, 3 P. Wins. 131; Huguenin v. Baseley 14 Ves.
VOL. XIL-2 I

SUPREME CO(URT.
[Jenkins et al. V. Pye et al.] 273; 2 Eden, 286; Rhodes v. Cook, 2 Sim. and Stu. 448; Davis v. Duke of Marlborough, 2 Swanst. 139; Gowland v. De Faria, 17 Ves. '10; Peacock v. Evans, 16 Ves. 512; Evans v. Lewellen, I Cox's Rep. 333.; S. C. 2 Bro. C. C.-120; Gwynne v. Heaton, 1 Bro. C. C, 1; Bell v. Howard,. 9 Mb'd. 302; Young v. Peachy, 2 Aik. 254; and the case of Glissen v. Ogden, therein referred to; Heron v. Heron, 2 Atk. 160; Blunden v. Barker, 1 P. Wins. 639; S. C. 10 Mod. 451; Broderick v. Broderick, I P. Wims. 239; Scrope v. Ofley, 1 Bro. P. C. P70; Gould-v. Okeden, 4 Bro. P.-C. 198; Twisle-, ton t'. Griffith, 1 P, V ms. 310; Jeremy's Equity, 394, et seq.; 1 Story's Equity, 304 to 324,-Inclusive; and Waller v. Armistead's Administators, 2 Leigh, 11.
The case at bar, is one peculiarly calling for the application of the principles recognised and established by the authorities cited. The case is that of a deed made without consideration, from a young daughter, not twenty-three years of age, to her wealthy father, with whom she resided: conveying all her property. Her father was tenant by the curtesy, and held the particular life estate; her estate was the reversion descended to her from her moiher, and dependent thereon. She was then both under the parental influence, and presented the ease of a young heir dealing for an expectancy with a party owning the particular estate, for no consideration, and With no declaration of trust; a party whose position peculiarly subjected the present contratt to the implication of fraud, or the suspicion of impositu!0.
The ground assumed by the appellants, that this isa voluntary deed, and therefore good against the grantor, and all claiming under her, cannot, on this aspect of the ease, be maintained. The general principle introduced by the statutes 13 and 27 Eliz., re-eniacfed in most of the states, that voluntary deeds, so far only as existing creditors and subsequent bona fide-and unnoticed purchasers are concerned, are void, is admitted by law. The exception which the courts imply from, the terms of the statute, and the usual motive to defraud creditors in all such conveyances, as against- the grantor and his sub-claimants, seeking to recover the property, or vacate the conveyance, is the sole exception to this general rule. A party who has conveyed away his property to evade the payment of his just debts, shall not be permitted to take advantage of his own wrong, and reclaim his property, against, the will of his grantee, the partner in the fraud; when the claims of ceditors may have been otherwise satis-

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Jenkins et al. v. Pye et al.] fled, or a 'necessity for their interference has passed away. This principle, with that other plain rule, giving any party competent to contract, and uninfluenced by fraud, duress, or undue advantages taken by the grantee, a free disposition over his property, cannot be applied to the present case. A voluntary deed, to be good, must be made ceteris paribus. If the party grantor be an infant, lunatic, or subjected to the operation of those relations so jealously watched by courts of equity; in some cases from the absolute nullity of the"contract; in others on the principles of public policy, that contract will be set aside. By a voluntary deed, is meant a gift without' consideration: would theQ a voluntary deed, executed under duress, be sustairied? The relation of the parties assimilates the present deed to one obtained by actual fraud, or undue influence.
The remaining causes of error were in reference to improper items in the master commissioner's account; questions as to the effect of evidence; the allowance of interest and costs; and the right to credits in the nature of offsets. Though material to the merits, the discussion of these points-is not of sufficient general importance to be set out in the argument.
Mr. Justice THOMPSON delivered the opinion of the Court. This case comes up on appeal from the circuit court of the District of Columbia, for the county of Alexandria. The appellees were the. complainants in the court below; and as heirs at law of their mother, Eleanor Jenkins, filed their bill, by their father, James B. Pye, as next friend, to set aside a deed given by their mother to George Jenkins, -her father, bearing date the 15th of March, 1813. The bill charges, that the deed was made wholly without consideration, and operated only to create a resulting trust in-favour of the grantor and her heirs; and if their claim cannot be sustained on that ground, they charge that the deed was obtained by the undue influence of parental authority, and therefore void in equity, against the said Eleanor Jenkins and her heirs. The consideration expressed in the deed is one dollar; and as to the allegation of undue influence, the bill charges that the said Eleanor inherited, as heir of her mother, the land conveyed to her father, and in which her father was entitled to a life estate. That at the time of her mother's death, she was an infant of very tender years, residing with her father, and continued to reside with him until her marriage. That she never was informed of the extent of

SUPREME COURT.
[Jenkins ot al. v. Pye et al.]
her property, to which shebecame entitled on the death of her mother; and having led a life of great seclusion, in the cointry,-at a distance from Alexandria, where the, lands. are' situated, she had no means of acquiring information on the subject. That very soon after the said Eleanor had attained the age of twenty-one years, and Whilst she still resided with her father, and remained, in ignorance of the extent and valub of her rights; the said'george Jenkins, availing himself of his parental authority, and of the habit of implicit obedience, and submission on the part of his child, procured from her the deed in question.
The answers of 'the appellants deny every. material charge and specification in the bill, tending to show that any undue influence was exercised by the father, to obtain the deed from his daughter; but that the act was voluntary and free on her part. That she was well acquainted" with her rights, and the value of the ,property, That at the time-of executing the deed, she was twenty-three years of age; and that the same was not done in expectation -of her marriage, as she was not married for two years afterwards.
The mere nominal coasideration expressed on the face of the deed was enough to pass the estate to. the grantee, no uses being declared in the deed. Jt is true, as a general .proposition,dthat he who pays the bcnsideration, means, in the absence of all rebutting circumstances to purchase for his own benefit; and there may be a resulting trust for the use of the party paying the consideration. But this is foundtd upon a mere implication of law, and may be rebutted by evidence, showing that such was not the intention of the parties. And in the present case, the evidence is conclusive to show that no such resulting use was intended. But it is unnecessary particularly to notice this evidence, as.this part of the case was not very much pressed at the argument. And in addition to this, the evidence shows that ou the 3d of November,181.3, the day her deed was offered for record in Alexandria, George Jenkins paid to his daughter two thousand dollars; which, uhder the situation of the property, might well be considered nearly, if not quite, an adequate consideration. The property being inta dilapidated state, requiring great, expense in repairs; and the -grantee, George Jenkins, having a life estate in it, which, from the circumstance of his living eighteen years after the date of the deed, there is reason to conclude, that the state of his health and constitution Was such at that time, as justly to estimate his life estate of considerable value.

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

253

[Jenkins et al. v.Pye et al.]
The evidence of 'the payment of two thousand'dollars, in addition to the nominal consideration of one 'dollar mentioned in the deed, was 'admissible. without any amendment of the answer. It rebutted the allegation in the bill, that the deed was made wholly'without con-
sideration.
But the grounds mainly relied upon to invalidate.the dedd, were, that being from a daughter to her father, rendered it at least, prima. facie, void. And if'not void on this ground, it was so because it was obtained by the undue influence of paternal authority.
The first gxound of objection seeks to0-establish the broad-princi-. pie, that a deed from a child to a parent, conveying the real estate of the child, ought, upon consideratk~ns of public policy, growing, ouV' of the relation of the 'parties, to be deemed void: and numerous eases in the English chancery have been referred to,. which are supposed to establish 'this principle. We do not deem it necessary. to -travel over all. these authorities; we have looked into the leading, 'cases, and cannot discover any thing to warrant the broad. and- ur-' qualified doctrine contended for on the part of the appellees. All the. cases are accompanied with someingredient, showing undue influence exercised by the parent, operating upon the, fears or hopes of the child; and. sufficient to show reasonable grounds to presume that the act Was not perfectly free and voluntary on the part of the child; 'and in some cases,,although there may be circumstances tending, in some small degree, to show.undue influence; yet if the agreement appears reasonable, it has been considered enough to outweigh 'light circumstances, so as not to affect the validity of the deed.
It becomes the less necessary for us to go into a critical examination of the English chancery doctrine on this subject, for should the cases be found-to countenance it, we should not be disposed to adopt child or sanction the broad principle contended for, that the deed of a to Aparent is to be deemed, prima facie, Void. It is .undoub'tedly the duty of courts carefully to watch and examine the-circumstances attending transactions of this kind, when brought under review before them, to discover if any undue influence has been exercised in obtaining the conveyance. But to consider a parent'disqualified to take a voluritary deed from his child, without consideration, on account of their relationship; is assuming a principle at/ war with all filial as well as parental duty and affection; and acting on the presumption, that a parent, instead of wishing to promote the interest

SUPREME COURT.
[Jenkins et al. v. Pye et al.] and welfare, would be seeking to overreach and defraud his child. Whereas, the presumption ought to be, in the absence of all proof tending to a contrary conclusion, That the advancement of the interest of the child was the object in view; and to presume the existence of circumsiances conducing to that result. Such a presumption harmonizes with the moral obligations of a parent to provide for his child; and is founded upon the same benign principle that governs cases of purchases made by parents in the name of a child. The prima facie presumption is, that it was intended as an advancemeti to the -child, and so not falling within fhe principle of a resulting trust. The natural and reasonable presumption in all transactions of this kind is, that a benefit was intended the child, because in the discharge of a moral and parental duty. And the interest of the child is abundantly guarded and protected, by keeping a watchful eye over the transaction, to see that no undue influence was brought to bear upon it.
In the present case, every allegation in the bill tending to show that any undue influence was used, is fully met and denied in the answer .nd is utterly without proof to sustain it. And indeed this allegation seemed to be abandoned on the argument.
But if any thing was wanting to resist the claim on the part of the appellees, and to establish the deed, and the interest derived under it, it will be found in the lapse of time. The deed.bears date the 3d of November, 1813; the grantor, Eleanor Jenkins,.then being twentythree years of age. She was married about two years thereafter, and died in the year 1818; -and not a whisper of complaint was heard against the transaction during her lifetime. George Jenkins, the grantee, lived until the year 1831, and no complaint was made in his lifetime; after a lapse of eighteen years, it is difficult, if not impracticable, fully to explain the transaction.
Lapse of time, and the death of the parties to the d(ed, have always been considered in a court of chancery, entitled to great weight, and almost controlling circumstances, in cases of this kind.
But the circumstances, as disclosed by the proofs, not only rebut every presumption of unfairness on the part of George, Jenkins, but disclose circumstances, tending to show that he was governed by motives highly honourable and commendable. He was a man of large estate - the property conveyed to him by his daughter was in a dilapidated and unprofitable condition. He had a life estate in it. And it would have been unreasonable, if not unjust to his other children, to

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Jenkins et al; v. Pye et al.]
have required him to incur great expenses in improving this property, which would enure to the exclusive benefit of this daughter. His object, as well as that of his daughter, seems to have been to enable him the more easily and satisfactorily to make an equal distribution of his propertyamong all his children; as well the said Eleanor, as those he had by a second marriage. This was a measure well calculated to promote hIarmony among his children: and his intention to carry that disposition of his property into execution, was manifested by the will he made; which failed however of its full operation, by reason of some informality in its execution. But the appellees have succeeded to a full and equal share of his estate, under the distribution which the law has made; which is all that in equity and justice they could claim.
This view of the case, renders it unnecessary to notice the points made on the argument, in relation to the accounts which the appellees were called upon to render.
The decree of the court below is accordingly reversed, and the bill dismissed,
Mr. Justice CATRON. I concur with the majority of the Court, that the decree be reversed; but, differing most materially with the reasons and principles on which the opinion of my brethren proceeds, I will briefly state the difference, hoping sincerely I may be mistaken. The cause must be reviewed here in the same form that the paities presented it to the circuit court: this is due to the court below, and the only mode we can pursue as a court of appeals. The bill was filed in July, 1833: the answer in May, 1834: the replication in April, 1835: and, on the I Ith of May, the cause was, by- agreement, set for hearing; and on the 26th of October, 1835, was heard upon the bill and answers, with two additional facts, which the parties admitted of record; to wit: 1. That George Jenkins was, at the date of the deed from his daughter to him, in 1813, a man of large fortune, and so continued till his death. 2. That the deed conveyed all the estate to which the said Eleanor was in any manner entitled. Upon this case, the court, on the 26th of October, 1835, decreed for the complainants; and ordered an account to be taken of the rents of tbe'property in litigation since George Jenkins? death, the parcels sold by him in his lifetime, and the value of the
estate in 1813, &c.

SUPREME COURT.
[Jenkins et al. v. Pye et al. On the 13th of May, 1837, ihe master commissioner eported; and on the 31st of October, 1837, thereport was confirmed by a final decree of the court. Upon this proceeding, it will be remarked, that the decree of October, 1835, could not be revetsed by that of 1837, on evidence furnished to the commissioner in taking the account, and which he reported to the court. The first decree could only have been reached by a petition for a rehearing, (if filed in time) or by a bill of review; and we must, therefore, examine the de-ree of 1835, on the facts then presented to the circuit court. The bill alleges-the conveyance of 1813 to have-been executed without any valuable consideration; and that the daughter acted under the influence of parental authority. That it was executed without valuable consideration, the answers admit; but they deny that any -constraint or parental authority was exercised, and respond that the. deed was made freely and voluntarily. They also admit, that Eleanor Jenkins was born the 17th September, 1790; tjhat her mother died in 1796; that when the deed was nade, Eleanor wns Anly eighteen months over twenty-one years of age, and that she was the soleheir of her mother; the father and grantee being tenant by the curtesy of -the lands descended. That George Jenkins bad two other children by a different mother, who are the defendants; and that be died in 1831, intestate as regarded his realestate. Eleanor Jenkins married in 1815, and died in 1818; leaving the complainants her heirs. It is also averred in the answers, that the property in 1813 was in a dilapidated condition; and that it had suffered by fire, which ws'a principal reason for making the conveyance. The averment is independent of any statement in the bil,'is traversed by the replication; and no proof having been made to sustain the averment, of course it cannot be. noticed here. The defendants also insist, that -the bill should be dismissed because of the lapse of time, and the death of parties and witnesses. This' being the case presented to the circuit, court in 1835, the question is, did that court err in ordering the defendants to account? Time and the death of George Jenkins aside, I think it imposSible so to ho!d; consistently with the best established doctrines governing a court of chancery. The elements of the decree below were, 1. That 'the granttbr, Eleanor Jenkins, was a young heir, and a woman, when she made

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Jenkind et al. v. Pye et al.] the conveyance; that it was of her whole estate, without considera-
tion, and to a parent of large wealth. 2. That she was an heir of an estate in reversion, which descended
to her in tender infancy; and in regard to the possession and enjoyment of which she must be deemed and treated, in a court of chancery, as an expectant heir.
3. She conveyed to the adult tenant for life, who was her father and natural guardian,with whom she resided, and on whom she was dependent.
I propC§e to examine the cause, such as it is found; not to speculate upon'supposed cases of remainders acquired by purchase, and sold by him who thus acquired; nor-upon cases where the tenant for life jofns in the sale. These and other transfers of remainders,may depend on very different principles from the case before the Court.
The two first grbunds, governing the decision of the circuit court, will, be treated together; disregarding for the present the relation of
father and daughter. In the language of Sir William Grant, in Gowland v. De Faria,
17 Vesey, 23, it will be laid dawn, that " this is the case of a person who, in this court, is considered as an expectant heir;" and "that it is incumbent upon those who have dealt with an expectant heir, relative to his reversionary interest, to make good the bargain: that is, to be able to show that a full and adequate consideration was paid. In all such cases, the issue is upon the adequacy of price; no proof of fraud is necessary; and the relief is given upon general principles of mischief to the public, without requiring particular evidence of actual imposition." 2 Atk. 28; Jeremy's Eq. 398; 1 Story's Eq. 330, sedt. 338; 1 Fonblanque's Eq. B. 1, C. 2, sect. 12; 1 Mad. Ch. 118, state the result of the adjudications.
As some doubts are suggested by Mr. Justice Story, and by Mr. Jeremy, in the passages cited of their treptises, whether the strictness of the doctrine applies to cases of dealings, for remainders; it is deemed necessary to go into a slight ieview of the leading adjudged cases, to see if any conveyance rescinbling the present has been permitted to stand. It is but justice, however, to say, that I do not suppose either of those highly respectable authors intended to question the doctrine in a case like the present; where th e estate in reversion descended upon an infant heir, encumbered with a life interest, and the expectancy was given to the tenant for life, within eighteen months after the heir came of 3ge. That such purchase is
VOL. XlI.-2 X

SUPREME COURT.
[Jenkins et al.v. Pye et al.]
a conftructive fraud, and the purchaser, if a stranger, compelled to account, and give up his bargain, if found to be advantageous; has not, for a century, been an open question. The conveyance is treated as a mortgage, and the grantor relieved on payment of the principal advanced and interest; without inquiry whether there was fraud or imposition.
The doctrine, during the seventeenth century, met with some opposition, especially in the reigns of Car. II. and Jac. I.; but in Nott v. Hill, I Vern. 169; 1P.W. 310; Newland on Contracts, 436; and Bemey v. Pitt, 2 Vern. 14, it received the most conclusive confirmation short of the judgment of the house of lords. In the former case, Lord Ch. Nottingham decreed redemptikn (in his own phrase): on rehearing, Lord Keeper North reversed this decree, and refused re" lief: but this last decree was again reheard before Lord Ch.Jeffries, 2 Vern. 27, and reversed, and. that of.Lord Nottingham confirmed. So in Bemey v. Pitt, (the report of which is found in 2 Vern. 14; 1 P. W. 311; Newland Con. 347,) Lord Nottingham denied relief; but Lord Ch. Jeffries, 2 Jac. 2, on rehearing) reversed the decree, and let in the grantor to redeem on the usual terms of paying the money advanced, with interest.
In the case of.Twisleton v. Griffith, (1716,) the exception was again invoked, that there was no fraud in fact; it was urged, that at this rate the heir of the remainder could not sell, as no one would buy; to which Lord Cowper replied: " This might force an heir to go home,,and submit to his father, or bite on the bridle, and endure some hardships; and in tne meantime he might grow wiser, and, be reclalmed," 1 P. W. 313.
In Peacock v. Evans, 16 Yes. 514, the master of the rolls says:
(when speaking of an heir selling the expectancy of a remainder during hisfather's life,) "To, thaf class of persons, this court seems t have extended a degree of protection approaching nearly to an incapacity to hind themselves by contract;" and he cites with approbation, the expressions of Lord Ch.Eldon, in Coles v. Trecotheck, 9 Ves. 234; that, "The cases of reversions and interests of that sort go upon a very different principle: in some, the whole duty of-makinig good the bargain, upon the principles of this court, is upon the vendee, as in the instance of heirs expectant." And Sir William Grant added: "The tendency of this doctrine to render all bargains with such persons very insecure, if not altogether impracticable, seems not to have been considered as operating to prevent its adoption and

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Jenkins et al.v. Pye et al.]
establishment; but, on the contrary, some of the judges have avowed that probable consequefice, as being to them the recommendation of the doctrine."
In the case referred to, it wasadmitted there was nothing approaching to fraud or impositioh; yet the conveyance was set aside, because a full price had not been paid. All that could be said of it was, that Mr. Peacock had obtained a very advantageous bargain.
So in Gowland v. De Faria, 17 Vesey, 23, where a .reversionary interest bad been sold, in which' the plaintiff's mother had a life estate, all fraud was denied; and no proof introduced, save that the consideration was not full: and in reply to the argument of manifest fairness, the master of the rolls replied: "In all these cases the issue is on the inadequacy of price. This is the case of a person who, in this court, is considered an expectant heir. He has charged his reversionary interest; and the question is, whether lie Has received an adequate consideration. Upon that question the evidence "is all one way:" and the conveyance was treated as a mortgage, vide Davis v. Duke of Marlborough, 2 Swanston, 147.
To cite other, authorities to sustain the position assumed would justly be deemeWt an incumbrance; and I will only ask, had Eleanor Jenkins conveyed to a stranger instead of her father, could a court of chancery have refused ber heirs relief, had they come in tithe?
And by way of introducing the next proposition, it will be sub'mitted, whether her father stood upon higher ground than a stranger?
To a proper understanding of this question, a slight reference must be had to the facts, reported by the commLssioner, qs they appeared on the final decree in October, 1837.' My brethren have given them some consideration, nor will I pass them by; although the pleadings Itis apprehended exclude them, they will be taken in connection with the answers and admissions: George Jenkins, in 1813, and at his death, was a man of large wealth. He had two sets of children; one child by a first wife, and-two by a-second. The answer avers he procured the conveyance to do justice in his family. The account shows, that Eleanor's and George Jenkins's joint interests were worth when the deed was made in March, 1813, eight thousand nine hundred and ninety-two dollars.and ninety-seven cents; ahd that about six months after the execution of the deed, George Jenkins caused to be vested in his daughter, Eleanor, two thousand dollars' worth of bank stock; which was sold by Mr. Pve shortly after he married Eleanor. Further than this, nothing was advanced to the daughter. George

SUPREME COURT.
[Jenkinis et 41; v. Pye et al.]
Jenkins a'ed intestate, as regarded his, lands; whether by accident or design, matters nothing to the infant children who are plaintiffs. The answer avers, that the Complainants by the intestacy are entitled to two-elevenths by their grandfather's estate; whereas were they to obtain the lands conveyed by the deed of 18,13, and come in ajoint heirs of the residuq, they would take more than one-half. What advances were made by their father to the two children of George Jenkins, who are defendants, does not appear; but that they take nine-elevenths of the whole estate, by the intestacy, conclusively proves, if George Jenkins obtained -the deed, "best to enable him to. do .equat justice to dli his fanily," that he did no such equal justice to his daughter Eleanor in her lifetime, or to her. children at his death. He was a man of large wealth, and wasbound to do equal justic6, if the answer be true; and the defendants aver they personally know the fact to be so: ahd that' this was the'consideration of the conveyance. If- it was, obtained for one purpose, and the property applied to another; for instance, to advance the-fortunes of the second set of children; it is well settled the deed should be set aside. To prove it, I need only Cite the case of Young v. Peachy, 2 Atkyn.s, 254, whose authority has never 'been questiohed since Lord Hardwicke's time.
Again : Two thousand dollars ip bank stock was.a poor advance for a man of large wealth, having only three children, on the intermarriage of one of them;. and we will. take it that Eleanor was not intended to be turied off destitute.
The facts.thuw introduced from the commissioner's report, to con'trol the effect of the first decree, (could they be heard for such purpose,) are therefore of no value, and cannot help'the conveyance. How then-did the father stand?
The jealousy with which courts of chancer.y watch contracts mfde by parents with' children, js laid dowh with terseness and much accuracy by Mr. Justice Story in his lecture on -constructive frauds 1 Story's Ch. 306. He says- "The natural and just influence which a parent has over a child, renders it peculiarly important for courts of justice to watch over ahd protect the interests of' the later;' and therefore all contracts and conveyances, whereby benefits are secured by 'children to their parents, are objects of jealousy; and'if they are not reasonable under the circumstances, they will be setaside."
Mr.' Newland in his treatise on- contracts, chapter 30, page 445, gives the result of the authorities with, great clearness and force; and

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Jenkins et al. v.Pye et al.]
the accuracy of Which is fully borne out by the cases. "It is a natural pr-esumption," says he) "that a parent possesses influence: over the mind of his child. Equity therefore regards with a jealous eye contracts between them; and very properly considers this relation to giveqadditioiiaiweight and suspicion to circumstances of fraudulent aspect, which the case may involve." And Lord Hardwicke said in Young v. Peacy, 2 Atk. 258, where the transaction in its leading features much"resembled this; the father having obtained a voluntary conveyance from a daughter: "'But the case is greatly strengthened when it comes to be considered that this was a recovery obtained by a father from his child;, and when this is the. case, it affords another strong circumstance in order to relieve the plaintiffs."
The British adjudications, uniformly and firmly supporting the doctrine, are cited by the writers above referred to. 1 Story's Eq. 306, Newl. 445, Madd. Chancy. 310; and with which I will rest content: adding, however', that the case before us, is as bare of alleviating circumstances, tending to exempt it from the general rule, as any I have found reported, or known in my experience 'in life. Had the conveyance been made to a stranger, it cojuld not have been tolerated for a moment; and having been made to the father, in the language of Mr. Newland "The' relation gives -additional weight and .suspicion to the circumstances which the case involVes." Its decision rests not on discretion, but on settled rules of property; which, it is supposed by me, should not be disfurbed.
But.first, more than twenty years elapsed, from the execution of the conveyance to the time of fiing the bill; and second, ,iwtas not filed until after George Jenkins's death. The daughter and her heirs having been at all times since 1813 free to stte; and having had the means, and being under no undue restraint, the presumption is, that time has destroyed the evidence going to prove the fairness of the transaction; or that if the- suit had been brought in the .grantee's lifetime, hp could 'have adduced it. I confess, however, it is with some difficulty the presumption can be maintained, underithe circu mstances of this cause, by the British adjudications; -yet, our migratory habits, and the consequent loss of evidence are such, that presumptions founded on time must. in- this country, be firmly supported, without letting in doubtful exceptions to destroy their force: espe, cially when those in whose knowledge the facts rested, which might have explained the 'trafAction, are dead: as in Browh v. Carter, 5 Ves. 875, where the bill was brought to set aside a getffeinent upider

SUPREME COURT.
[Jenkins et al. v. Pye et al.] an agreement between father and son, made in 1769. The conveyance was voluntary, as in the instance before the Court. The father died in 1793: up to which time no complaint had been made; and 'very soon after the bill was filed. The Court hell, that, "though transactions of this kind will be looked at with jealousy, that the father should not take an improper advantage of his authority; the complaint must always be made in 'time; not' after the father is dead," &c.
The same doctrine was held by Lord Eskine in Morse v. Royal, 12 Ves. 376; and relief refused because of the lapse of time and the death of witnesses.
The British case, however, which has most laboured this question, is that of Chalmers v. Bradley, 1 Jac. & Walk. 58; in which the authorities, are ieferred to, where the claims of expectant heirs to have decrees for accounts, and the rescission of contradts, were rejected, because of the lapse of time intervening between the date of the contract and the filing of the bill.
The general doctrine, that full force will be given to presumptions founded on time, and that stale demands- will not be enforced to compel parties to account, nor to disturb contracts or possessions, is established on a very firm footing as the doctrine of this Court, in Ricard v. Williams, 7 Wheat.; Hughes v. Edwards, 9 Wheat.; Willison v. Watkins, 3 Peters; Miller v. M'Intyre, 6 Peters; Piatt v. Vattier, 9.Peters; and other decisions. But the difficulty in such cases as the one before the Court is, that the expectant heir is usually destituie,ignorant of his rights, and not on an equal footing With his vendee: and the courts of chancery presume that he contracted in subsprviance'to circumstances, either of helpless poverty or ignorance; or at least superior knowledge of facts on part of him with whom he contracted. Wtien the facts proved are in accordance .ith the presumption, and establish that the same condition continued to the datie when suit was brought, -time has not been strictly regarded in England; ind chancery has frequently proceeded to afford relief, disregarding the lengfh of time, upon-evidence of a continuing oppression and poverty, or concealment. This, cause has certainly in it circumstances to raise dimculties. Eleanor Pye married within two years, and died within five after the conveyance was made; and the complainants were at her death, (and so continued until they sued,) infants. Yet I think no account should have been,.ordered, nor the conveyance impeached, after the lapse of twenty years,

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

263

[Jenkins et al. v. Pye et AL] and after George Jenkins's death; and concur that the bill be dis-
missed.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the District of Columbia, holden in aind for the county of Alexandria; an I was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is decreed and ordered by this Court, that the decree of the said circuit court in this cause be, and the same is hereby reversed; and that this cause be, and the same is hereby remanded to the said circuit court) with directions to dismiss the complainants' bill.

SUPREME COURT.
MARTitA BRADSTREET, PLAINTIFI IN ERRO1 v, ANSON THOMAS.1
It is error on the trial of a writ of right,-befdre the giand assize, to prevent the intro. duction of written -evidence ; becaued in!a trial between the demandant, offering the testimony, and a defendant claiming in opposition to the demandant, under the ;ame title with that of the defendant, before the grand assize, the court- had frequently examined the title set up by the written evidence offered, and had become fully cognizant of it; and had, in that trial,.at the suit of.1he demandant, in which it had been produced, decided that -it in nowise tended to establish a legal title to the land in controversy, in the demandant.
'The demandant had a- right to place before the assize all the evidence which she thought might tend to establish her right of property which had been ruled to be competent eyidence, in another suit; against the competency of which, nothing was objected in this suit: and the assize had a right to have such evidence before them, that they might apply to it the instructions of the court, as the law of the case, without which they ould not do it.
There is a safer repository of the ad.udications of courts, than the remembrance of judges; and their declaration of them, i; no prQf :gf their exstence.
ERROR to "thedistrict court of, the United States, for the northern district of lNew York.
This was a writ of error prosecuted by the demandant, in -the district court of the northern district of New York, in,a,writ of right sued out by her. The case was fully argued by Mr. Myer and Mr. Jones for the plaintiff in error; and by Mr. Beardslev for the defendant.
The judgment of the district court was reversed on a single point, the rejection of certain evidence offered by the plaintiff. NO opinion was given on any other question in the cause; and the argumetits on the nuerous points presented to the Court, and argued by the counsel for the plaintiff and defeddant, are therefore omitted.
Mr. Justice VYAYNE. delivered the opinion of the Court: We will direct our attenition to a single point in this cause, because it is the most importan. 'in principle and practice; and is, in our opinion, conclusive of the judgment which this Court must render .upon this writ of error. The tenant in the writ of right, upon the trial of the cause, having given his evidence, and rested his cause upon it, the demandant, upon

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Bradeteet v. Thoam.] thecourt's deciding that the tenant had proved enough to put her on the proof of the mise on her part, gave certain oral testimony in support of her right, with an, exemplification-of a decree of the court of chancery in the state of New York, under the -seal of the court. The counsel for the tenant then inquired whether the "de. mandant intended to offer any new -or different evidence from that heretofore, offered! by her 'in other trials had in -that court n writs of right, by the demandant against Henry Huntington and others, for other portions of Cosby's manor, claimed by-the demandant, by virtue of the same title deeds by which the' premises in question'were claimed. To this'inquiry, the damandant. replied that she had no other or different evidence; whereupon. the counsel for the tenant objeoted to the evidence, which he Then understood was to be offered by the demandant -alluging that it had been given in evidence on former trials in writs of right between the demandant' bnd Henry :"Huntington and others, for' other portions of Cosby'a manor; and had bien solemnly considered on a motion for a new trial in thecause of the said demandant against Huntington; 'and that it' was then decided by this Court, that the evidence of the demandant then offered, and now intended to be offered, in nowise tended'to establish. a legal title to any portion of the land in Cosby's manor, now in controversy, That the evidence, therefore, intended to be' offered' by the demandant, 'Would have established no right or title' in her to the premises in question; and "was immateiial, ind irrelevant. Whereupon the said judge decided,' that inasmuch as the evidence to make out the asserted' title of the demandant to these and other lots in Cosby's .manor, had been frequently examined by him,' on other trials iwbehalf'of' the said demandant, against the tenants of land in Cosby's manor, whereby he had become fully cognizant of the same and that, as he had solemnly considered the same, on a-m otion for a new trial, in the case of Henry Huntington, at the suit of 'the. demandant; and had come to the conclusion, that the said evidence
tended in nowise to establish a legal title to :any portion of the land in controversy, in the said demandant; he Was, therefore, bound to overrule the same,.as insufficient in law, and therefore immaterial and irrelevant. The demandant excepted to this decision, stating she would offer each piece of her testimony, separately, and in succession in evidence to the grand assize. As they were offered, they were rejected by the codrt.
The evidence rejected were several documents, serving, as the de-

SUPREME COURT.

[Bradstreet v. Thomas.]
mandant supposes, to establish that she was seiged of the premises in question; and as each was presented, it was overruled by the court, the demandant excepting to the~decision. Certain facts were then admitted -to be in eevidence, not embracing, ,however, any point to which the rejected'testimony was supposed to apply; and the couri delivered as its opinion to the assize, that by the practice in a writ of right, the tenant was required to begin by offering his testimony. That this rule seemed to imply, that he must adduce some testimony; although to what extent or effect, seemed not very clear 1rom any treatise in this antiquated form of action. In this instance, the proof

adduced by the tenant, did not show title or possession in himself.

Still he deemed it sufficient to put the demandant to the 'proof of her

seisin or better title in herself; and she having failed to give such

proof, was not entitled to recover: and that the grand assize ought,

theTreofothrei,s

to find charge

a

verdict

in

favour

of

the

tenant.

of, the court the demandant excepted.. This state-

ment, it seems to us, shows the error in rejecting, the evidence. If the demandant was put to the proof of her seisin'or, better title before the grand assize, who were sworn to say which 'of the' parties had the "mere right to have the messuages and tenements," under the direction of the court as to thelaw applicable to the facts; the demandant had a right to place before the assize all the evidence

which she thought would tend to establish her right of property, which had been ruled to be competent evidence in another suit; against the competency of which, nothing was objected in this suit: and the assize had a right to have, such evidence before them, that they might apply to it the instructions of the court, or law of the case, without which they could not do so. Where the court undertook in this case to give what it said was. the law of the case, because it ruled the lawupon the same evidence in another case) rejecting it in this; we have its own admission that the evidence was competent in that case, and necessarily was competent in the case before it; if the papers offered were authenticated in such way as the law requires, or were of that class, which do not need official authentication as

proof by witnesses. No objection of that kind was made. The footing upon which the rejection of the evidence is put by the court, is, that having frequently examined it in other trials, and considered it on a motion for a new trial, in the case of Huntington at the suit of
the demandant, it had come to the conclusion, that the evidence tended in nowise to establish a legal title to any portion of the land

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Bradstreet v. Thomas.] in controversy, in the demandant. Nothing was said of its inadmissibility. The evidence was excluded upon the ground of past adjudication, upon the court's.declaration of that fact, without record evidence of any such verdict or judgment. There is a safer repository of the adjudications of courts, than the remembrance of judges; and their declarations of them is no proof of* their existence. But in what way is it attempted, in argument, to maintain the correctness of the rejection of this evidence. The learned counsel of the tenant,, in his very, able argument in support of it, says it was rightly rejected; because it did not prove, nor tend to prove, that the demandant was seised'of the premises in luestion; that the deed which made the first link in the chain of the demandant's title was void; and continuing his analysis of the rejected testimony through all the chain, from Ten Eyck's deed, to its last link, Mrs. Livius' will; he argues, that in no event can the demandant show that seisin in herself which will oust the tenant. May not the demandant very well reply, how do you 6btain your knowledge, and come to your conclusion upon my title? Is it upon evidence in the cduse; or upon that which, at your instance, was rejected as evidence? If the latter; can it be used upon an excepiion to its rejection in a trial, upon a writ of error, sued out by the demandant to overrule that rejection; in order that it may be given as evidence in another trial in the court below, to show what will be the legal effect of that evidence upon the demandant's title? The object of the writ of error is to make these rejected papers evidence; and until they are so made, they cannot be used for 4ny purpose. This Court cannot, nor can the court below judicially know'what the legal effect of these papers willbe upon the demandant's title, tfntil they have been below as evidence; and the error in rejecting them arose from the court's not having discriminated at the moment between judicial evidence of a fact, and the knowledge which it-personally had of that fact in'the course of its administratration of the law.
We purposely abstain from considering any other point in the argument of the counsel for the tenant; as we could not do so, without discussing the rights of the parties, which are not put, by any exceptions on this record, before this Court.
Mr. Justice THomPSON did not sit in this ease.
VOL. XII.-Z

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

511

MANUEi GARCIA, PLAINThIFF IN ERROR V. SAMUEL LEE.

T'he ,decision of the Court in the case of Foster and Elam v; Neilson, 2 Peters, 254;

by which grants made bythe crown of'Spain, after the treaty of St Ildefonso,

of lands west of the river Perdido, "

I the United'States declared

to be. ,thin the territory of oLouisinana hcecded ebyebFranhce tontthde. Uttnsidtceade States,

.wete declared void'; affirimid.

Congress, in order to guard 'against imposition, declared, by. the law of 1804, that all grants of'lapd made by the Spanish authorities, in the territory west of the

Perdido, lifter the, date of the treaty of St. Ildefoao should be. null ind-void;

excepting those to actual settlers acquired before December 20th 1803.

The controversi in, relatiof to the eountry lying between the Mississippi and the

Perdido rivers, and. the validity of the grants made by Spain in the disputed terri.

tory, after the cession of Louisiana to the United States, were carefully examihed and decided in the case of'Foster and Elam v: Neilsmn. This Court, ir that case,

decided that the question of boundary, between the United States and.Spaip was

a, question for the political departents of:the governnent that the legislative

and executive 'branches' having decided the 4uestion, the courts of. the United

States are bound 4to regard the boundary determined by them as the true oie,;

that grants made by the Spanish .aut~orJities of lands,- which,.according to this,

boundary line belonged to the United 'States, gave n6 title to the grantees, in op.

positifn to those claiming under the United States; unless the Spanish grants.

were protected by the. sublse-qUent arrangements made between the two govern

ments; 'and that no such, arrangements wexe to be found in the treaty of 1819, 'by

which Spain ceded. the Floridats to the United States, according to the fair import

of its words, and, its trie construction.

lp the case of Foster and Elam v. Neilson, this Court said that the Florida treaty of

1819 declares that all grants made before the 24th January, 1818, by the Spanish

authorities, 15shall be ratified and confirmied to the persons in possession of the

lands, to the same extent that the same grants would be valid, if the territories

had remained under the dominion of his catholic majesty:" and in -deciding the
r
case of Foster v.'Elain, "the Court held, that even'if this stipulation applied to

lands in the tefritory in question, yet the words used' did not import a present con-

firmation by virtue of the treaty itself, but that they were words of contract;

"that the ratification and confirmation which were promised, must be the act of

the legislature; and until such shall be passed, the Court is not at liberty to dis.

regard the'exigting laws on the subject." Afterwards, in the case of the United

States v. Vercheman, 7 Peters, 86,-in reviewing the words of the eighth irticle of

the treaty, the Court, for thq reasons there assigned, came, to a; different conclusion; and held that the words were words of pres nt confirmation, by the treaty,

here the land had begn rightfully granted before the cession; and that it did not need the aid of an actof congress to ratify and confirm the grant. This language"

was, however, applied by the. Court, and was intended to apply to grants made in a

territory which belonged to Spain at the time of the grant. The case tlhen before

'the Court was one of that description. It was in relation 'to a grant of land in

Florida, which unquestionably belonged to Spain at fhe time the grant was made;

and where the Spanish authorities had an undoubted right to grant until the treaty

SUPREME COURT.
[Garcia v. Lee.] of cession in 1819. It is of such grants that the Court speak, when they declare them to be confirmed and protected by the true construction of the treaty- and that they do not need the aid of an act of congress to ratify and confirm th itle of the purchaser. The Court do not apply this princiIle to grants made within the territory of Louisiana. The case of Foster and Elam v. Neilson, must in all other respects be considered as affirmed by the case of Percheman; ag it underwent a careful examination in that case, and as none of its principles were questioned, except that referred to. The leading principle in the case of Foster and Elam v. Neilson, which declares that the boundary line determined on as the true one by the political departments of the -government, must be recognised as the true one by the judicial departments; was after that .case directly acknowledged and affirmed by this Court, in 1832, in the case of the United States v. Arredondo and others, 8 Peters, 711: and this decision was given by thp Court, with the same information befdre them as to the meaning of the Spanish side of the treaty, which is mentioned in the case of Percheman.
ERROR to the district court of the United States for the eastern district of Louisiana.
In the district court of Louisiana, the plaintiff in error, a resident in Cuba,.on the 26th January, 1836, filed a petition, stating that on the 1st of September, 1806, he purchased of the Spanish government, for a valuable consideration, and was put into possession of the ,ame, fifteen thousand arpentA of' land, divided into three tracts or parcels, having such marks and bounds as are laid down in the original plots and surveys annexed to the deed of sale by Juan Ventura Morales, then intendant of the Spanish government, dated the 5th day of September, 1806. Certified copies of the deed of sale, plots, and surveys were~annexed to the petition.
The petition stated that Samuel Lee, a residefit in the parish of Feliciana, and a citizen of the state, had taken possession of ten thousand arpents, part of the said grant, which is situated in the now state of Louisiana; and refuses to deliver up the same. The Petitioner prays to be put in possession of the said land, &c.
On the 17th day of May, 1836, Samuel Lee filed an answer and exception to the plaiditiff's petition, in which he denied "all and singular the allegations in the plaintiff's petition herein exhibited against him, and.will, on trial, require strict and legal. proof of the same; and especially does he deny any jurisdiction of the Spanish government over the territory in which the land claime , by the plaintiff is situated at tie time the grant exhibited by him was made, or at any time subsequent thereto: and strictly denies the right of th6 said

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
.[Garwia V. Lee.] government, or-the officers thereof to' make grants or sales of land therein."
On' the 27th -of February, 1837, the distriet court' of Louisiana entered a judgment in favour of the defendant; and the plaintiff prosecuted-this appeal.
At thb hearing of this case'in the district court, certain documentary evidence was offered by the plaintiff,which was not received by the court; and the plaintiff took an exception to the rejection of the same. This bill of exceptions, containing all the documents offered and rejected in the court below, was sent up with the record.
The case wa~s argued by Mr. M'Caleb and Mr. Southard, for the plaintiff in error; and by Mr. Jones,'for'the defendant.
The counsel for the plaintiff in error asked a reversal of .t.he judgment of the district court of Louisiana, on the following grounds:
1st. The grant or sale to the plaintiff was made at a period when the territory between the Mississippi and Perdido was in the actual possession, and under the-jurisdiction and sovereignty of the crown of Spain.
2d. Great Britain Was the first' nation that exercised authority over the said territory in a sovereign, capacity; France asserted pretensions to it until the ratification of the treaty of 1763, by which she finally and forever surrendered them to Great Britain: and consequently, the said territory could not have been,, and was never intended-to be ceded by France to Spain, by a treaty of the same dater to wit, 1763., as part of Louisiana.
3d.' The said territory was never called a part of Louisiand by any nation except France; and after the. final relinquishment of all her right and title, it was owned and possessed by Great'Britain, as part of her West Florida, until the treaty of 1783; when it was ceded by her as such to Spain as a conquered country.
.4th. The said territory formed no part of iouisiana, as retroceded by Spain to France by.the treaty of St. Ildefonso, of 1800; nor of Louisiana, as ceded by France to the government of the United States by the treaty of Paris, of 1803.
5th. Spain never finally relinquished her right and title to the said territory, until the ratification of the treaty of 1819, which was expressly a treaty for the settlement of all the pretensions of the governments of the-United States and Spain; and. which expressly
VOL. XII.-3 T

514

SUPREME COURT

[Garcia v. Loe.] 0onlirms all grants made by the Spanish government, prior to the 24th of January, 1818, situated in all the territories to the eatward of the Mississippi, khown by the name of East and Wpst Florida.

Mr. Jones, for the defendant, contended that, The only exception to the decision of the district court is on a pqint of eyidence; namely, the admissibility, as evidence to the jury, of certain papers, seVenteen in number.
The-only possible tendency of those papers; indeed, the sole and professed object of'theiintroduction, wasto expound the meaning, operations, and effect of the treaty concluded at Paris, April "30, 1803, by which 'France ceded to this, country the province, of Louisiana.
The particular question which those papers were intended to affect, was one purely of the true construction of the treaty; and that was whether the eastern limit of "the ceded territory was ;bounded by the Mississippi, or extended to the Perdido: a questic., in time past, bf extensive, aninjated, and protracted discussion between the governmaents of Spain and the United States; but practically solved by the latter, who took actual possession of the territory within the disputed limits, as part and parcel of the territory ceded by the treaty; definitively 'incorporated the whole of ,itwith the territory of the United States, and annexed a part of it to the state of Louisiana: 'll inder the sole .authoity of that treaty, and with no other title or pretence of title whatever.
We maintain the decision of the district court, ruling out these .paliers as 6vidence, upon the following, grounds:
1., If this were a question of fact'proper to be 'left toa jury, on extrinsic evidence, the papers in question were not competent. evidence of the fact.
9. It is not now, nor was it ever such a question; but was always, so long as it remained open to any sort of controversy, one of construetion, completely determinable by the words of the treaty, either taken by itself, or in connection with circumstances 'of equal notoriety; and eqtally within the 'proper sphere Qf judicial cognizance.
3. Maintaining, as we do, the 'sufficiency of the reasons upon which the claim to this territory was originally asserted on behalf of the United States, we nevertheless deny that it is, or ever was, a question of judicature; and affirm, that as a question of sovereign right

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
(Garcia v: Lee.) between th6 two nations, it came originally, and has ever remained within the peculiar province of such departments of the government as are charged with the management of our foreign relationsi and with thehighest functions of, sovereignty in aterting and maintaining national rights 'against fore-gn powers: an as such a question,
that it has been long 4go con'clusively terminated and settled by a series of public acts, in which the executive and legislative powers or the government have concurred to assert and establish thd territorial sovereignty and rights of the nation, by the -supreme authority of the nation: an authority which no private rights of property, founded in any conflicting rules of municipal law, can oppose; which is supreme over all the people and all the tribunals of the country; and which this Court has judicially recognied and deferred to, as "supreme and incontrovertible.
Mt. Chief ,Justice.TANE ' delivered the opinion of the Court: In this case, the appellant claims ten thousand arpents, of land, being part of a grant for fifteen thousand arpents; Which he alleges, in his petition, were granted to him by the Spanish authorities in 1806i The land is situated in the state of Louisiana, and in the territory lying north-of the Iberville, and between the Perdido-and the Mississippi; which was so long a subject of controversy between the United States and Spain; and which was finally settled by the' cession of the, Ploridas to *theUnited ,States, by the treaty of 'February
22, 1819. It is well known as a matter -of history. that the executive and
legislative departments of our government, have continually insisted that the true b6undary of Louisiana as we acquired it by the treaty with France-of the 30th of April, 1803, extended .to the Perdido; that the claim of the' United States was disputed by Spain'; and that she refused to deliver the territory, .and claimed a right to exercise the powers of government over it: which claim, the United States denied. On the 29th of March 1804,.congress passed a law dividing Louisiana'into two territorial governments; and in order to protect the interest of the United Sthtes in the disputed territory, the 14th section of this law. enacts, That all grants for lands within the territories ceded by "the Freich republic to the United States, by the treaty of the 30th April, 1803, the title whereof was at the date of the treaty of St. Ildefonso in the crown, government or nation of Spain, and every act and proceeding subsequent thereto,-of *hatso-

516

SUPREME COURT.

[Garcia v. Lee.] ever nature, towards the obtaining of any grant, title or claim to such lands, and under whatsoever authority transacted or pretended, be, ,and the same are hereby declared to be, and to have been fiom the beginning, null and void, and of no effect in law or in equity." The -titles of actual settleis,'acquired before the 20th of December, 1803; are excepted by a proviso from the operation of this section.
The grant under which the appellant, Garcia, claims, falls within the provisions of this section; and as this law of congress has never been repealed or modified in. relation to grants made by the Spanish authorities, the appellant has, no title at law or in equity; unless it can be shown that the act of congress in question, upon some ground or other, 'is void and inoperative; and that the courts of the'United States are bound to recognise a title acquired in.opposition to its provisions.
The questions presented by-the record before us, are not new in .this Court. They were examined and considered in the case of Foster and Elam v. Neilson, decided here in 1829; and reported in 2 Peters, 254. In that case, the land in dispute was granted by the Spanish governor on the 2d of January, 1804, and ratified by the king of Spain on the 29th of May, 1804. The controversy in relation to the country lying between the Mississippi. and the Perdido; and the validity of the grants m'ade by Spain in the disputed territory.after the cession.of Louisiana to the United States;-were carefully examined and decided in that case: and all of the facts and arguments necessary to a correct decision were -then before the Court. They are substantially the same with those now offered to support the claim of the appellant; and are so fully set forth in the reportof that case, that it isunnecessary here to repeat them. This Court then decided, that the question of boundary b6tween the United States and Spain, was a question for the political departments of the government; that the legislative and executive branches having decided the question, the courts of the United'States were bound to regard the. bouhdary determined on by them as the true one. That grants made by tho Spanish authorities of lands, which, according to this boundary line belonged to the United States, gave,no title to the grantees,' in opposition to those claiming under the United States; unless the Spanish grants were protected by the subsequent arrangements made between the two governments: and that no such arrangements were to be found in the treaty of 1819, by -which Spain ceded the Floridas to the United States, according to the fair

JANUARY' TERM, 1838.

517

[Garcia v. Lee.]
import of its words and its true construction. These positions have all been controverted in the argument at the bar, in the case now be-
fore us. But we do not think it necessary in deciding the case, to enter upon a discussion of the various topics pressed upon the attention of the Court; and shall content ourselves with extracting several portions of the opinion delivered by Chief Justice Marshall, in the case of Foster and Elam v. Neilson, in order to show that all of the points now raised were carefully considered and decided in the case referred to. In page 309 of 2 vol. of Peters' Reports, the Chief Justice states the opinion of the Court, in the following words:
"After these acts of 'sovereign power (by the United States) over the territory in dispute, asserting the American construction of the treaty, by which the government claims it; to maintain the oppbsite construction in its own courts, would certainly be an anomaly in the history and practice of nations. If those departments which are intrusted with the foreign intercourse of the nation, which assert and maintain its interests against foreign powers, have unequivocally asserted its rights of dominion over a country of which it is in possession,' and which it claims under a treaty; if the legislature has acted on the construction thus asserted; it is not in its own courts that this construction, is to be denied. A question like this, respecting boundaries of nations, is, as has been'truly said, more a political than a legal question; and in its discussion, the courts of every country must respect the pronounced will of the legislature. Had this suif been instituted iwmediatdly after the passage of the act for extending the bounds of Louisiana, could the Spanish construction of the treaty of St. Ildefonso have been maintained? Could the plaintiff have insisted that the land did not lie in Louisiana, but in West Florida; that the occupation of the country by the United States was wrongful; and that his title under a Spanish grant must prevail: because the acts of congress on the subject were founded on a misconstruction of the treaty? If it be said that this statement does not present the question fairly, because a plaintiff admits the authority of this Court, let the parties be changed. If the Spanish grantee had obtained possession, so as to be the defendant, would a court of the United States maintain his title under a Spanish grant, made subsequent to the acquisition of Louisiana, singly on the principle that the Spanish construction of the treaty of St. Ildefonso was- right, and' the American construction wrong? Such a decision would. we think,

SUPREME COURT.
[Garcia-v. Lehe.)
have subiverted thosl prireplqs which govern't he relations between the legislature and judicial departments, and mark; the limits of each.
"If the rights of the parties are in any degree changed, that
change must be produced by the subsequent arrangements made between thetwO governments&."
After having thus.fully expressed tne opinion that the Court, were bound to recognise the. boundary of Louisiana, as.insisted on hy the legislature of the United States;. and that the American grants 'of land must .prevail over those made by the Spanish authorities, after the date of the treaty of St. Ildefonso, unless "ihe rights of the parties had been changed by subsequent arrangements made between the two governments;" the Court, in the same case, proceed to examine whether the validity of these grants were recognised by the United States, or'provided for in the treaty of 1819. And'after examiriing
the articles of the treAty, which had been relied on in the argument as providing -for the grants made by the Spanish authorities, the opinion of the Court, on that part of the .case, is stated by the Chief Justice in -the following words: "It is not improbable, that terms were selected which rpight not compromise the dignity of either government; and which each might understand, consistently with its fTorimer pretensions. But if a court of the United States would have been bound under the state of things existing on the signature of the treaty, to consider the territory, then composing a part of the state of'Louisiana as rightfully belonging to the United States, it would be difficult' to construe this article into an admission that it belonged, rightfully, to his catholic majety." It had also been contended in argument in that case, that thh exception of certain large grants of land by name, (which had been made by thet Spanish government,) in the ratification of the treaty by Spain, implied that other fair grants were to be obligatory on the United States. But the Court held otherwise, and say: "The form of this ratification ought not, in their opinion, to change the natural construction of the words of the eightla article, or extend them to embrace grants not otherwise intended to be confirmed by it."
"An extreme solicitude to provide against injury or inconvenience from the known existence of such large grants, byinsisting upon a declaration of their alsolute nullity, can, in their opinion, furnish no satisfactory proof that the government meant to recognise the small grants as valid; which in every previous act and struggle,

JANUARY TIRM., 1838.

519

[Garcia v..Leeit had proclaimed to be void, as being. for lands within the American territory."
Such'were the opinions and. language of this Court, in the case of Foster and Elam v. Neilson. Itis tiue, that. upon another and different point froni those abovementioned, an opinion expressed in that case, was .afterwards, upon information subsequently obtained,. overruled; and in order to prevent misconstruction, it may. be proper to state it. It was this. The eighth article of the treaty of 1819, declares that all grants made before the 24th of January, 1818, by the.Spanish authorities, "shall be ratified and confirmed to the persons in possession of the lands; to the same extent that the same grants would be Valid, if the territories bad remained under the dominion of his catholic majesty." And in decidi'ng the case of Foster and Elam v. Neilson, the Court held, that even it this stipulation applied to lands in the territory in question, yet the words bsed did not import a present confirmation by virtue of the treaty itself; but that they were words of contract between the two nations, and that "the legislature must execute the contract;" "that the ratification and confirmation wh.ich are prorpised, must 'bethe act of the legislature;" and "until such act shall be passed, the Court is not'at liberty to disregard the existing laws on the subject." Afterwards, in' the case of the United States v. Percheman, 7 Peiers, 86, in reviewing these words of the eigl~th article of the treaty; the Court for the reasons then assigned, came to a different 'conclsion, and held that the words used, were words of present confirmation by the treaty, where the land had been rightfully granted before the cession; and that it did. not need the aid of an act of congress to ratify and confirm the grant. This language was, however, applied by the Court, and intended to apply to grants made in a territory which belonged to Spain at the time of the grant. The case before the Court was one of that description. It was in relation to a grant of land in Florida, which unquestionably belonged to 'Spain at the time the grant was made; and wher6 the Spanish authorities had an undoubted right to grant, until the treaty of cession in 1819. It is of such grants that the Court speak, when they declare them to be confirmed and protected by the true construction of the treaty; and that they do not need the aid of an act of congress to ratify and confirm the title of the purchaser. But they do not, in any part of the last mentioned case, apply this principle to grants made by Spain within the limits of Louisiana, in the territory which belonged to the United States

SUPREME COURT.
[Garcia v. Lee.] according to its true boundary; and where Spain shad no iight to grant landsafter the cession' to France by the treaty of St. Ildefonso, in 1800, as herein before mentioned. On the contrary, although the Court, in the case of The tlnited States v. Percheman, refer to the case of Foster and Elam v. Neilson, and carefully explain the reasons which led them to change their opinion as to the true construction of the words " shall be confirmed," in the eighth article of the treaty; yet they use no expression from which ,ictan be inferred that the opinion of the Court had changed in relation to any other principle decided in Foster and Elam v. Neilson. And as that case was then under review, and manifestly, at that time, underwent a careful examination by the Court; and as none of' its principles were questioned except the one abovementioned; the case of Foster and Elam v. Neilson must, in all other respects, be considered as affirmed by that of The United States v. Percheman. Indeed, we are not aware of any case in which its authority has been doubted by the Court ii any of its principles, with the single exception abovementioned. Express ons may perhaps be found in some opinions delivered here, which, detached from the case under consideration, might create some doubt upon the subject. But these expressions must'always be -taken with reference to the particular subject matter in the mind of the Court: and,when this just rule of cortstruction is applied to the language used,.it will be found that there is no case in which the Court ever designed to shake the authority of the case now relied on, or to question the principles there decided; further than is herein before stated. So far from it, the leading principle of the case, which declares that the boundary line determined on as the true one by the political departments of the government, must be-recognised as the true one .by the judicial department; was subsequently directly acknowledged and affirmed, by this Court, in 1832, in the case of The United States v. Arredondo and others,f6 Peters, 711; And this de" cisionr was given with the same information before them as to the meaning of the Spanish'side of the treaty, which is mentioned in the case of Percheman; and, consequently,-that information could not have shaken the confidence of the Court in any of the opini6ns pronounced in Foster and Elain v. Neilson; further than has been already, stated.
In this view'of the subject, the case of Foster and Elam v. Neilson, deeides this case. It decides that the territory in which this land was situated, belonged to the United States at the time that this

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

521

[Garcia v, Lee.]
grant was made by the Spanish authority; it decides that this grant is not embraced by the eighth article of the treaty, which ceded the Floridas to the United States; that the stipulations in that article are confined to the territory Which belonged to Spain at the time of the cession, 'according to the American construction of the treaty; and that the exception of the three grants made in the ratification of this treaty, by the king of Spain, cannot enlarge-the meaning of, the words used in the eighth article; and cannot, in the' language of the Court, "extend them to embrace grants not otherwise intended to be confirmed;" or grants "which it (the American governmeht,) had proclaimed to be void, as being for lands wi hin the American territory." These principles, thus settled by this Court, cover the
whole ground now in controversy. Indeed, when it is once admitted that the boundary line, accord-
ing to the American construction of the treaty, is to be treated as the true one in the courts of the United States; it would seem to follow as a necessary consequence, that the grant now before the Court, which was made by the Spanish -authorities Within the limits of the territory which then belonged to the United States, must be null and void; unless it has been confirmed by the United States by treaty or otherwise. It is obvious that one nation cannot grant away the territory of another: and if a proposition so evident needed confirmation, it will be found in the case of Poole v. Fleeger, 11 Peters, 210. In that case, there had been a disputed boundary between two st4tes; and the parties claimed the same land under grants from different states. The boundary line had been ascertained by compact between the states, after the grants were made. And, in deciding between the claimants in that case, this Court said: "In this view of the matter, it is perfectly clear that the grants made by North Carolina and Tennessee, under -which the defendant claimed, were not rightfully made, because they were originally beyond her territorial: boundary; and that the grant under which the claimants claim was rightfully made, because it was within the territorial boundary of Virginia." And again+ "If the states.of North Carolina and Tennessee could not rightfully grant the land in question, and the states
of Virginia and Kentucky could;. the invalidity of the grants of the former arises, not from any violation of the obligation of. the grant,
but from an intrinsic defect of title in the states."
In the pase before us, the grant is invalid from. " an intrinsic defeet" in the title of Spain. It 'is true that she still claimed the coun-
Vot. XII.-3 U

SUPREME COURT.
[Garcia v. Lee.]
try, and refused to deliver it to the United States. But her conduct was, in this respect, in violation of the rights of the United States; and of the obligation of treaties. The United States did not immediately take forcible possession, as.they might jiistly have done; and preferred a more pacific and magnanimous policy towards a weaker adversary. Yet their forbearance could, upon no just grounds, impair their rights or legalize the wrongful grants of Spain, made in a territory which did not belong to her; for the authorities of the United Stites made known by every means in their power their inflexible determination to assert the rights of this country: and con'gress, in order to guard against imposition and injustice, declared by law, in 1804, that all grants of land made by the Spanish aiithorities after the date of the treaty of St, Ildefonso, would be null and void; excepting only those to actual settlers, acquired before December .20, 1803.
The present appellant procured his title from Spain, after the passage of this law. The land granted to him belonged not to Spain, but to the United States; and notice had been given in the most public and authentic manner, that the Spanish grants would confer no title, .before the appellant obtained his grant. Unon what ground of law or equity, then, can the United States be now required to make good this grant? They had done nothing to mislead him, but had taken every measure to warn him and every one else that they would not, submit to have the soil which, belonged to the United States granted away by a foreign power. If he has been deceived, he'has either deceived himself or been misled by the Spanish authorities; and has no right to complain of the conduct of the United States. And if either Spain or the United States intended to provide for these grants in Louisiana, by the treaty ceding the Floridas; it is impossible to believe that words would not have been used which clearly embraced -hem, and would have left no doubt as to the intention of the parties to the treaty.
If, therefore, this was a pew question, and had not already been decided in this Court; we should' be prepared now to adopt all of the principles affirmed in Foster & Elam v. Neilson, with the ex,ception of the one since overruled in the case of the United States against Peicheman, as hereinbefore stated. The questions, however, are not new ones in relation to these grants. The same principles have been s.nctioned by t~e legislative, executive and judicial departments ofthe government; and they must be regarded as too

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

523

(Gareia v. Lee,] well settled to be now disturbed: and we think the court below were ,right in rejecting the testimony stated in the exception, which, if even properly authenticated, could not, upon established principles, have shown title in the, appellant tinder a Spariish grant made in 1806.
The judgment of the distTict court is therefore affirmed.

Mr. Justice BALDWIN dissented.

This cause came on to be heard,on the transcript of the record from the district court of the United States for the eastern district of Louisiana, and Was argued' by counsel. On consideration wneieof, -it is now here ordered and adju4ged by this Court, that the judgment of the' said district, court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmedf with- costs.

378

SUPREME COURT.

ISAAC BRADLIE AND JOHN GIBOS, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR V. 'THE
MARYLA*D INSURANCE COMPANY.
Insurance. By the well settled principles of law, in the Unitsd States, the state of the facts, and not th6 state of the information at the time of the abandonment, constitutes the criterion by which Is to be ascertained whether a total loss has occurred or not, for which an abandonment can be made. If the abandonment when made is good, the rights of the parties are definitively Ajxed; and do not becdme changed by any subsqquent eventg. If, on the other hand, the abandonment when made is not good, subsequent circumstances will not affect it, so as retroactively to impart to it a validity which it had not at its origin.
in cases Where the abandonment is founded upon a supposed technical total loss, by a damage or injury, exceeding one-half of the value of the vessel ; although the fAct of such damage or injury must exist at the, time; yet it is necessarily open to proof, to be derived from subsequent events. Thus, if the repairs, when subsequently made, clearly exceed the kalf value, it is plain that this affords one of'the best proofs of the actual damage or injury. On.the other hand, if the sub equent repairs are far below the half value, this, so far as it goes),affords an inference the ether way. In many cases of stranding, the state of the vbssel maybe such, from the imminency of the peril, and the apparent cost of expenditure requisite to deliver her from it, as to justify an abandonment;' although, by some fortunate occurrence, she may be delivered from her peril without an actual expenditure of onehalf of her value, after she is in safety. Where, in the circumstances in which the vessel then nway have been, in the highest degree of probability the qxpenditures to repair her would dxceed half her'value, and if her distress and peril be such as would induce a considerate owner, uRinsured, and upon the spot, to withhold every'attempt to get the vessel off, becafise of such apparently great expenditures; the abandonment would doubtless be good.
In respect to the mode of ascertaining the' value of the ship, and, of course, whether she is injured to the amount of balf her value, it has, on .the fullest consideration been held by this Court; that the true basis of the' valuation is the value of the ship at the time of the disaster; and that if after the damage is,or might be repaired, the ship is not, or would not he worth at the place of repairs, double the cost of repairs, it is to be treated as a technical total loss.
The valpation in the policy, or the value at the'home port, or in the general market of other ports, constitutes no ingredient in ascerfainiig whether the injury by the disaster is more than one-half of the value of the vessel, or not. For the like'rea. son, the ordinary deduction in case of a partial loss, of -one-third new for old," from the repairs, is equaily inapplicable to cases of a technical total loss, by an injury exceeding one-half of the value, of the vessel.
The mere retardation of the voyage, by any of the perils insured againstnot amounting to, or producing a total incapacity of the ship eventually to perform the voyage; cannot, upon principles well established, be admitted to constitute a technical total loss, which.wilL authorize an abandonment. A retardation for the purpose of repairing damage from the perils insured against, that damage not exceeding one moiety of the value of the ship, falls directly within thif doctrine. Under

JANUARY TERM, 1838

379

['Brdlie et al. v. Thb Maryland Insurance Company. such circurhstances, if the ship can be repaired,'and is repaired, and is thus capable of performing the voyage, there is no ground of abandantnedit founded upon
ue consideration that the voyage may not be worth pursuing, for the interest of the'ship owner; or that the cargo has been injnred- so that it is not worth transporting further on the vqyage: for the lois of the cargo for the voyagel has nothing to do with the insurance upon the ship fbr the voyage.
An insurance on time, differg, as to this point, in no essential manner from one. upon'a particular voyage; except in this, that in the latter coe, the insurance is upon a spe-
cific voyage described in the policy; whereas a policy On time, insures no specific voyage, but it cqvers any voyage or 'voyages whatsoever, undertaken within, and not -exceeding, in point of duration, the limited period for which the insurance is made. But it does not contain an undertaking that any particular voyage shall be performed within apartic.ular period. It warrants nothing as to an) prolongation or retardation of the voyage; but only that the ship 'shall be capable of performing the voyage undertaken, notwithstanding any loss or injury which may accrue to her during the time for which she is insured; and of repairing it, if interrupted.
There is no, principle of law which makes, the underwriters liable in the case of. a merely partial loss of the hip, if money is. taken up itt bottomry 'for the necessary repairs and expenditures, and which makes it the duty of the underwritets to' de. 'liver the ship from the bottomry bond to the extent of their liability for the ex,ptnditurqs; and that if' they do not, and if thevessel is sold under the bottomry bond, they are liable, not only for the partial loss, but for all other-losses to the owner, for their neglect.
The underwriters engage to pay the amount of the expenditures and losses directly
flowing from the perils insured against; but not any remote or contingent 'losses to the owner, from their neglezt to pay the same. The underwriters are not bound to supply funds in a foreign port, for the repairs of any damage to the ship occasioned by a peril insured against. They undertake, only, to, pay the amount, 'after dtge notice' and proof of the loss, an4 within a -pre.
scribed time. If, to meet the expenditures for repairs; the master is compelled to take up money
on bottomry, and thereby an additional premium becomes payable, that constitutes a part of the lost for which the underwriters are liable. But in cases of partial loss, the money is not taken up on account of the underwriters, but of the owner; and they become liable for -he loss, whether the bottomry bpnd ever becomes due
and payable, or not. In the case of a partial loss, where money is taken up on bottonry bond, to defray
the expenditures of/repairs, the underwriters have nothing to do with-the bottomry bond; "but are simply bound to lay the partial loss,ificluding their share of the extra expenses of obtaining the money in that mode, as a part of the loss.

IN error to the circuit court of the United States for the district of 'Marryland.

'The case, as stated in the opinion of the Court, was as follows: The original action was upon a policy of insurance, dated the 22d of November, 1839, whereby the defendants, the Maryland Insurance Company, caused the plaintiffs, by their ag'3nts, (William

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradlie ct al. v. The Maryland Insurance Company .] Howell & Son ,) -obe insured, lost or not lost, ten thousand dollars, at a premium of Iour per cent., on the brig Gracchus, Snow, master, (valued at that sum,) at and from Baltimore, for six calendar months, commencing that day at noon; and if she be on a passage at the expiration of the time, the risk to continue, at the same rate of premium, until her arrival at the port of destination. The declaration alleged a total loss by the casting ashore and stranding of the brig, on the 23d of March, 1833, in the river Mississippi. Upon the trial of the cause, it appeared in evidence that the brig sailed from Baltimore on a voyage to New Orleans, and safely arrived there, and took on board part of cargo, (pork and sugar) at that port, on a voyage for Baltimore; and about the middle of, the 23d day of March, 1833,? sailed from New Orleans, intending to proceed to Sheppard's plantation, on the river Mississippi, about thirty-three miles below New Orleans, to take in the residue of her cargo for the same voyage. At the English Turn, about twenty-two miles from New Orleans, the brig attempted to come to anchor, and in so doing lost the small bower anchor; and then dropped the best bower anchor, which brought her up. The next morning, while the brig was proceeding on her voyage, she struck on a log, broke the rudder pintles, when she fell off and went on shore. A signal was then made for a steamboat in sight, which name to the assistance of the brig, and in attempting to haul her off, the. hadser parted. It was then found, that the brig was making water very fast; help was obtained from a neighbouring plantation. They commenced pumping and discharging the cargo on board of the steamboat; and after discharging all the pork, and a part of the sugar, they succeeded in freeing the ship- on the afternoon of the same 'day. She was then got off, and proceeded to New Orleans, where she arrived the same night; she continuing to leak, and both pumps being kept going all the time. The next day, the master understood that the steamboat claimed a salvage of fifty per cent., and intended to libel for it. On the 27th of th* same month, the brig was taken across the river for repairs. On the same day the brig was libelled for the salvage, In the district court of Louisiana.
On the 25th of March; Snow, the master, wrote a letter to one of the owners, containifig an account of the loss and state of the brig; and also of the claim by the.salvors of fifty per cent., which the underwriters on the cargo and himself had objected to; adding, that

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Bradlie et al. v. The Maryland Insurance Company.] they should hold the steamboat liable for any damage that might be incurred on account of the detention.
The following is a copy of the letter.
'-New Orleans, 25th March, 1833. "ISAAc BRADLIE, Esq., Seaford, Delaware.
"Dear Sir:-I left here on the 23d inst., to go thirty-six mile3 below, to'complete loading the brig with sugars, for Baltimore; on the evening of the same day in coming to in the English Turn, in a heavy blow from the S. E., parted the small bower cable, and lost the anchor. I then let go the best, bower, which brought her up, where we lay during the night; in the morning of the 24th, got under way and prbceeded down the river; at 7 A.'M., struck on a log, broke the rudder pintles, the brig fell off and went on shore. I then made a signal for a steamboat which was in sight; she came to our assistance and attempted to pull us off, but the hauser parted; we then found that the brig was malking water very fast, and that she would soon fill; got thirty odd negroes from a plantation, and commenced pumping, and discharging the cargo on board of the steamboat; after discharging all of the pork and the greater part of the sugar, we succeeded in freeing of her, at 5 P. M.; we then got her off and proceeded up to town, where we arrived at 11 P. M. The owners of the steamboat claim !a salvage of fifty per cent. on vessel and cargo, which the underwriters of the cargo, with myself, have objected to: we have not been able to discharge the balance of the cargo to-day; what the consequence will be I cannot say. We hold the owners of the steamboat liable for any damage that may occur on account of the detention; the brig continues to leak so as to keep both pumps going almost constantly. About one-half of the sugar is damaged. I have noted a protest and had a survey, and shall proceed to have every thing done in the most careful manner, as the survey may direct, for the interest of all con'cerned: as soon as I am able to ;nform you of what will be done, I will do so by-the first opportunity."
On the 22d of April, Messrs. Howell & Son addressed a letter to the company, submitting the letter of the 25th of March to the com pany; ard say therein, "In consequence of the damage, together with the detention that must grow out of a lawsuit, (in which it appears that the vessel is involved,) the voyage being broken up, we

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradlie et al. v.. The Maryland Insurance Company.] 'do herelby abani4on to you the brig Gracchus, as ifisured in your office per polity No. i3,703, and claim for a total loss." On the same day, the company returned an answer, saying, "We cannpt accept the abandonment tendercd in your letter of this date; but expect you to do what is'necessary in the case for the safety and relief of the vessel."
On the 9th of the ensuing May, the district court decreed onequarter of the 'value of the vessel and cargo, (estimated at seven thousand ,dollars) as salvage; the brig being valued'at twenty-five hundred dollars. On the 14th of the sanme m6ntfi, the master got possession again of the brig, the salvage having been paid. On the 3d ofJune, 183, the brig was repaired and ready for a freight;, and early in July she sailed for Baltimore, with a partial cargo on board, on freight; and duly arrived there in the latter part of the same month. The r4pairs at New Orleans amounted to the sum of one thousand six hundred and ninety dollars and fifteen cents; and the share of the brig, at the general average or salvage, to the sum of one thousand two hundred and forty-five dollars and seven cents; in the Wrhole amounting to two thousand nine hundred and thirty-five dolla-'s and twenty-two cents. To mieptthis sum, and some other eXpenses, the master ,obtained an advance from Messrs. Harrison, Brown & Co.,,of New Orleans, of three thousand seven hundred and fifteen dollars and forty-one cents, and gave them as security therefor, a bottomry bond on the Gracchus, for the principal sum, and five per cent. maritirpe premium, payable on the safe arrival of the brig at Baltimore.
On this bottomrkr. bond, the brig was libelled in Baltimore, and no claim being interposed by any person, she was, by a decree of the district'court of Maryland, on the 5th of September, 1833, ordered to be hold to satisfy-the bottomry bond; and 'she was accordingly sold by, the marshal, about the 20th of the same month, to John B. Howell, for four thousand seven hundred and fifty dollars; who, on the 24th of the same month, paid to the' attorney of the libellant the full amount due upder the decree of the court. On the same day the president of the company addressed a letter to Messrs. Howell & Son, in which they say, "We have examined the statements of general and, particular average, and the accounts relating thereto, which you handed us some days ago, respecting the expenses incurred on the brig Gracchus, at New Orleans. Although some of the charges are of a description for which the company is not liable

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

383

[Bradlie et al. v. The Maryland Insurance Company.]
by the terms of their policy; yet wishing to act li ally in the case, we have agreed to admit every iten in the. accounts, and the differ-,
ent amounts will be as follows." Here follows a statement, deduct-
ing from the repairs one-third new for old, and admitting the sum of two thousand four, hundred and nine dollars and eleven cents to be due to the plaintiffs, and enclosing the premium note and a check for the amount. The letter then adds, "If you find any other charge, &c. has been paid at New Orleans, in order to raise the funds on bottomry; we will pay our full proportion of the same, upon'being made acquainte.d with the amount," On the same day Messrs. Howell & Son returned an answer, refusing to receive the premium note And check, adding, "4We shQuld do them (the owners) great injustice to make such a settlement. Our opinion is, that in law and equity, they have a claim for a total loss."
Thesb are the principal facts material to be mentioned; though much other evidence was introduced into the cause upon collateral points, by the parties.
'The counsel for the defendants, after the evidence on each side was closed, moved the court to instruct the jury as follows:
Defendants' 1st Prayer.-The, defendants, by their counsel, pray the court to instruct the jury that the notice of abandonment of the 22d April, 1883, and the accompanying letter from captain Snow, of the 25th of March, as given in -evidence by the plaintiffs, do not show or disclose facts which in law justifies the offer to abandon then made; and therefore, that in the absence of all evidence that said abandonment was accepted by the, defendants, the plaintiffs are entitled to recover only for a partial loss.
2; That if the said notice of abandonment was sufficient, still the jury ought to find a verdict for a partial loss only; unless they shall believe from theevidence, that the Gracchus suffered damage from the accident.that befel her on the 24th March, 1833, to more than one-half the sum at wh'ich she was valped in the policy: and that inl estimating said damage, the jury ought to take the cost of her repairs only, deducting one-third therefrom, as in the case of adjusting
a partial loss. 3. That if the said abandonment was sufficient, as is assumed in
the preceding prayer, still the jury ought to find a verdict for a partial loss only; unless they shall believe upon the evidence, that the damage so sustained by said brig exceeded in amount ono half tha-sunm at ,which she was valued in the, policy; and that in estimating the.

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradlie et al.v. The Maryland Insurance Company.] cost of her repairs for the parpose of ascertaining the amount of such damage, the jury are bound to deduct one-third therefrom, as in the case of a partial loss.
4. That if said. abandonment was sufficient, still the jury ought to find a partial loss only, unless they shall believe that the damage as aforesaid was more than one-half the value of the said brig at the time the skcident happened,. according to the proof of such value as given in evidrnce and that in estimating the amount of such damage, the jury are to take the amounts of the general and particular averages as adjusted at New Orleans, deducting one-third fro. the actual cost of repairs.
But the court refused to givp the instructions prayed for, and gave t9 the jury the following instruction: If the jury find from the evidence, that the Gracchus was so damaged by the disaster mentioned in the letter of captain Snow, of March 25th, 1833, that she could not be got off and repaired without an expenditure of money to an amount exceeding half lher value, at the port of New Orleans, after such repairs were made, then the plaintiffs are entitled to recover for a total loss, under the abandoniment made on the 2td day of April, 1833; and in ascertiining the amount of such expenditure, the jury must include the sum for which the. brig was liable to the sPlvors, according to the decree of the district court of Louisiana, stated in the evidence: but if the jury find that the vessel could have been got off and repaired, without an expenditure of money to the amount of more than half her value; then, upon the evidence offered, the plaintiffs are not entitled to recover for a total loss, on the ground that the voyage was retarded or lost, nor on account of the arrest and detention of the vessel by the admiralty process, issued at the instance of the salvors.
The defendants excepted to the refusal of the court to give the in-
structions prayed; and also to the opinion actually given by the court in their instructions to the jury. The plaintiffs also excepted to the same olinion given oy the court.
The plaintiffs also prayed "the court to direct the jury, that in this cause the insured, by their letter of the 22d April, authorized and required the proper expenditures to be made upon the vessel, for which said underwriters are liable under their policy: that no funds being supplied by them in New Orleans to meet this loss; and the salvage and repairs having been paid for by money raised upon respondentia upon the vessel; if the jury shall find that said vessel, under the lien of this bond, came to Baltimore, and the defendants

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Bradlie et al.v. The Maryland Insurance Company.] were then apprized of the exlstence of such respondentia, and were also informed of the-existence of, the proceedings thereupon against said vessel, and they neglected to pay so much thereof as they ought to have paid to relieve said Vessel;, and omitted to place her in the hands bf the owners, discharged of so much of such bottorn-y as the underwriters were liable for, and in consequence thereof, said vessel was libelled and condemned and sold, and thereby Wholly lost to the plaintiffs; then the plaintiffs are entitled to recover for the whole
value of the vcssel." The court refused to give this instruction, and the plaintiffs ex-
cepted to the refusal; and the court signed a bill of exceptions upon both exceptions. The jury found a verdict for the plaintiffs for three thousand four hundred and eighty-nine dollars and twenty-two cents;. upon which judgment, passed for the plaintiffs. And the present writ of error is brought by the plaintiffs for the purpose of reviewing the instructions above stated, so far as they excepted thereto.
Although the prayers for the instructions by the defendants are not before the Court for the purpose of direct consideration, as the defendants have brought no writ of error; yet it is impossible completely to understand the nature and extent and proper construction of the opinion given by the c.ourt, without adverting to the propositions coiAtained in them ; for to them, and to thum only was the opinion' Of the'courit given as a response,
The second instruction asked by the defendants, in substance in-
sisted, that to entitle the plaintiffs to recover for a total loss the dan mage to the Gracchus from the accident'should be mdre than one-half the sum at which she was valued in the policy; and that in eslimating the damage, the costs of the repairs only were to Fe taken, deducting one-third new for old, In effect, therefore, it excluded all consideration of ihe salvage, in the ascertainment of the loss.
The third instruction vas, in substance, similar to the second, except that it did not insist upon the exclusion of the salvage. In effect, therefore, it insisted, upon the valuation in the policy, as the standard. by which to ascertain whether the damage was half, the
value of 'the,Gracchus, or not,. The fourth instruction insisted, that to entitle the plaintiffs to re-
cover for a total loss, the damage must exceed one-half the value of the Gracehus at the time of the accident; and that in, estimating the, :daimage, the general and particular averages, as adjusteat at New Orleans, were to be taken, deducting one-third neWv for old. In effect,
VoL. XII.-3 C

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradlie et.aL v. The Maryland Insurance Company.] therefore, it insisted that nothing but these adjustments were to be taken into consideration, in ascertaining the totality of the loss at the time of the abandonment; (admitting the abandonment to be sufficient;) however imminent might be the dangers, or great the losses then actually impending over the Gracehus. And all three of these prayers further insisted, that the deduction of one-third new for old should be made -from the amount of "the repairs, as in the case of a partial loss; in ascertaining whether there was a right to abandon for a total loss, uponthe ground that the damage exceeded a moiety of the value of the vessel.
The jury found a verdict for the plaintiffs for a partial'loss, assessing the damages at three thousand four hundred and eighty-nine dollars and. twenty-two cents, upon.which the court gave a judgment: on this judgment the plaintiffs entered' a credit 'for four hunded and eighty-five dollars and twenty-two .cents, the amount 'of the premium note, and interest. The Plaintiffs prosecuted this writ of error.
The case was argued by Mr. Johnison for the plaintiffs in error: and by Mr. Meredith" and Mr. Stewart for the' defendants.
Mr. Johnson contended that the judgment of 'the circuit court should be reversed, on the, following grounda:
First. That, under thq circumstances of the case, the loss of the voyage in which the Gracchus was 'engaged, by the peril she sustained, entitled the plaintiffs to recover for a total loss.
Second. That the claim for salvage, and:the arrest and detention of the brig consequent thereon, entitled plaintiffs to recover for such loss;' and,
Third. That the court erred in not granting the prayer in plaintiffs' second exception.
It is assumed that the 'abandonment was sufficient. The defendants objected to'itS form; that no cause, or a suffic.ient cause for it was not assigned: but the court decided against these objections.
The ihstructions of the court, by which the jury were authorized to allow, in the estimate of the loss, one-third of the cost of thel new for old, were altogether erroneous. The plaintiffs, claimed for a technical, total loss, on the state of. things at the time of the abandonment. The validity of such a claim cannot be dehied, if at that time the state of the facts was such as to justify the abandonment. This was in. truth such as to induce the plaintiffs to consider a total loss

JANUARY TERM,, 1838.
[Bradlie Qt al. v. The Maryland'Insurance Company.]
as inevitable. The letter of captain Snow, of 25th March, upon ,which the abandonment was made on the 22d of April,1833; show-. led that the salvors were about to proceed against the vessel; and
stated that they claimed fifty per cent. as their salvage. In 3, Kent's Commentaries, 308, the authorities, on the subject of abandonment
ake summed up. The'value of the vessel was ten thousand dollars; for this sum
she was insured. The' whole sum received for her Was but about four thousand dollars. this is the best evidenced of the character of the loss sustained by the assured.
What was the situation of the vessel, from all the information which had been received, on the 23d of April, 1833, when she was abandoned? Was there not imminent danger of actual total loss: attached for salvage, and fifty per ceit. claimed; and th voyage broken up and destroyed? The instructions of the court, that the, actual amount of salvage ultimately paid, was to furnish the rule to estimate the loss, were erroneous. The probable loss, at the time of the abandonment, is to fix the rule for abandonmeiif. In. this the law "of insurance in this country, and in England, differ.
The loss of the voyage, by the happening of one-of the perils iniured against, was a good foundation for abandonment, and for a recovery for a total loss. The vessel was on her home voyage from New Orleans; and was obliged to return to New Orleans by reason of the accident, and the course of the salvors. The voyage was thus broken' up. The libel for salvage, and the detention of the vessel for repairs, were destructive of the voyage.
The voyage insured terminated ou the 22d of May; and all the injury to the vessel, and the detention consequent to it, were within the period of her protection by the insurance. Had the fifty per cent. claimed by the 'salvors been paid, no doubt of a technical total loss would have existed; but the, master remained at New Orleans, as jt was his duty, and to which he was bound by his obligations to the Underwriters, to contest this claim; and this detention kept the vessel beyond the six months covered by the policy. Thus the detention was within the policy, Cited 3 Kent's Commentaries; 11 John. 293; 2 Starkie's Rep. 571.
The insurance having been on tme makes no difference in estimnating her loss. It was an insurance of the vessel on her voyage, &nd,during the' time; and a guaranty that the vessel should have the physical ability,,during that time, to continue the voyage.

SUPREME COURT.
_Bradlie et abv, The Maryland Insurance Company.j
The detention of the vessel after the accident, gave a full and legal right to abandon. The detention was one o0 the sea risks insured against, and all legal detentions were within the, policy.
It is also contended that the uffderwriters were bound to pay the bottomry boird executed at New Orileans, for the repairs of the vessel, the salvage, and the expenses., The underwriters were certainly liable to pay the whole of these. charges; and by neglecting to do so, the vessel has, been sold and taken from her owners. Thus a total loss has resulted.
It is admitted that a detention of a vessel insured,, by admiralty process is not a cause of abandonment, when such detention is for some cause not coming within anyr of the risks-of the policy; but in this case, the, detention was on account of one of the peiils insured against. Thus the loss of the voyage has resulted from one of the perils insured against.
Mr. Stewart and Mr. Meredith for the defendants, denied that there was any error in the instructions of the circuit court
Insurance is a contract for indemnity; and this contract is fully carried out by the verdict of the jury. The jury have given -the plainLiffs all they paid as salvage, and all the costs and expenses of the repairs consequent to 'the injury sustained by the vessel. ,But it is contended, by the plaintiffs, that the adventure in which the vessel is engaged, the voyage, and its results,,upon which the vessel is proceeding, is a part of the contract for protection by the underwriters This is not the nature of insurance. The underwriters'are only liable for the perils insured.
Assuming- the principle to be, in the United States, that underwriters are liable for the state of the,Ioss at the time of the abando'. nient;. there was no ground for the abandonment when the letter from c rtaih :Snow was received. The circumstances stated in that letter do not warrant the allegation that tedh'nical total loss had occurred. The vessel had -suffered injury; she had been rescued froan greater loss by the steamboat; she had been carried to New Orleans, and, fifty per cent. was claimed as salvage; but the justice of this claim was denied, and it was to be contested.
With this letter, the insured and the 4nderwriters were in possession of all the facts, and the claim of fifty pr cent., as salvage, must have been seen to be unreasonable and unjust. It exceeded the usual charge for the use of a steamboat on the Mississippi' which

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Bradlie et al.,v. The Maryland Insurance Company.]
wasknown to be at the rate of ten dollars per day. There was not
then, a probability that a technical total loss existed at that, time; and subsequent circumstances showed that no loss, for which the assurers were liable, had occurred t6 the extent of fifty per cent. on te value of the vessel. If the appearance of events, when' the letter from captain Snow wa received, authorized the expectation that thd loss would amount to fifty per cent.; the underwriters have a right to look at subsequent circumstances, to decide what was the real condition ofthe vessel at that time.
The Court will find, by a reference to the whole of the facts in the case, there was no foundation-for the claim for a technical "total loss. No damage had' been sustained, which would support such a
claim.
The whole cost of the repairs of the vessel, and the amount of salvage allowed by the court, amounted together to twon thousand nine hundred and thirty-five dollars. The: orders for 'insurance show that the.Gracchus, was. Valued at tei or twelve thousand dot.!ars. At:New Orleans, the Gracchus wa,-vorth eight thousand five hundred d6l lars. The captain was offered that sum for her; and he said he would take nine thousand: dollars, Thus .she was worth at New Orleans and at Baltimore nearly the same 'sum, and there was n6 ap-
proximation to half ofher"value by the actual loss. To pvocej tothe points made for the aefendants in;the eircuit
COOLit. The court instructed the jury, on the points submitted by the de-
Jendants. If the-jury find from the evidence that the Gracchus was so-
damaged by the disaster mentioned in the letter of captain Snow, of March 25th, 1833, that she could not be got off and repaired without an~expenditure of money to an amount exceeding half her value, at the port of New Orleans, after such repairs were made; then the plaintiffs are entitled to recover for a total loss, under the abandonment made on the 22d day of April, 1833; and in ascertaining the amount. of such. expenditure, the, jury must include the sum for which the brig wa liable' to the salvors, according to the ,decree, of the district court of Louisiana, stated in the evidence; but if the jury find that the vessel could have been got off and repaired without an expenditure of money to the amount of more than half her value, -then upon the evidence offered the plaintiffs are not entitledto recover %r, a total loss, on the ground that the voyage was retarded or

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradlie et al. v. The Maryland Insurance Company.] lost, nor on account of the arrest and detention Of the vessel by the admiralty process issued at the instance of the salvors.
The question was whether the amount of repairs, and the salvage was half the value of, the v ssel at New Orleans, giving the assured the benefit in the. estimate of the amount of the salvage. Is this an open question in this Court? The policy expired on the 22d of May, 1833. How far is this point settled in the case of Alexander v. The Baltimore Insurance Company? 9 Cranch, 370; 2 Cond. Rep. 143.
In that case Mr. Chief Justice Marshall says, that it has been decided that the state of the fact must concur with the information to make the abandonment for a technical total loss effectual. Cited also, Ambler's Rep. 214; Ch. Justice-Wills' Reports, 641, 644.
As to how thic question has been considered in England, cited 2 Maule & Selwyn, 240, 247; Idem. 278, 286, 290, 293;-4 Maule & Selwyn, 393; 5 'Maule & Selwyn, 47; Goss v. Withers, 2 Burrows, 67; Hamilton v. Mendes, Burrows, 1212.
The perils in the policy do not include the loss now set lip by the plaintiffs; and there is no express assumption to insure against the kind of detention for which the loss is now claimed. It must be derived from implication, and must be a consequence of the contract between the parties to the policy of insurance.
There was no evidence in the case that the underwriters had been called upon to pay tT bottomry bond and prevent the sale of the vessel; nor was any demand made on the underwriters to pay for the repairs of the vessel. The assured claimed a total loss, and did not proceed as if they held the underwriters liable to any thing but the whole amount of the policy. Cited, Da Costa v. Newnham, 2 Term Rep. 407; 2 Barnwell & Ald. 513; 3 Mason's C. C. R. 429.
It isdenied that the assured have a right to abandon as for a total loss upon a mere probability of a loss which will exceed fifty per cent. This yiew of the rights of the assured rests only on the suggestion of Lord Ellenborough. There must be a certain subsisting loss-when the abandonment is made, exceeding fifty per cent.
It is not admitted that the right to abandon for breaking up of a vbyage applies to an insurance on time: Hughes on Insurance, 300, 311, 314: Smith on Mercantile Law, 17 vol. of the Law Library, 143. The insurance on time is that the vessel shall be able to proceed on the voyage during the time, and to pay the damage she may sustain during that time. It is no contract'for the voyage, or against interruptions which rest upon it, other than such as are within the

JANUARY TERM, 183,8.
[Bradlie et al. v. The Maryland Insurance Company.] perils insured against. 1 Johns. Cases, 293,,294; 5 Serg. & Rawle, 501; .2 Taunton,3.62.
This voyage was not broken up or defeated: and the jury have found that the injury sustained by the vessel did not amount to fift per cent. of her value. The finding of the jury is conclusive on this matter.
The arrest and detention of the vessel by admiralty process. for salvage, did not furnish grounds for the -abandonmeot. The vessel remained in the possession of the captain. It was a mere obstruction of the voyage, or a detehtion of the vessel, which might have been removed, and for. which the captain was bound to relieve her. He had, as has been stated, the means to do thisi there was no evidence to show that he made any exertions to do this. Cited 2 Wash. C. C. R. 331; 3 Kent's Commentaries, 304. There is no special claims in the policy'which includes the loss, and it must then come within that which proceeds against perils of the sea. But by no reasoning can the" loss be 'made to amount to fifty per cent. "from
·perils of the sea. Cited 5 Maule & Selw. 434; 3 Mason, 437. Cited, also, 21 Serg. & Lowber's English Com. ,Lw Rep. 41.
Mr. Justice STOtY delivered the opinion of the Court: This cause comes before ihe Court upon a writ of error to the circuit court of Maryland district. The original action was upon, a policy of insurance dated the 22d of November, 1832, whereby the defehdarits, The Maryland Insurance Company, caused the plaintiffs by their agents, (William Howell & Son,) to be insured, 10st or not lost, ten thousand dollars, at a premium of four per cent., an the brig.Gracchus, Snow; master, (valued at that sum,) at and from Baltimore, for six calendar months, commencing that day at noon; and if she be on a passage at the expiration of the time, the risk to continue at the same rate of premium, until her arrival at the port of destination. The declaration alleged a total loss by the casting ashore and stranding of the brig on.the 23d of March, 1833, in the river Mississippi. Upon the trial of the cause, it appeared in evidence, that the brig sailedl from Baltimore on a voyage to ,New Orleans, and safely arrived there; and took on board part of her cargo, (pork and sugar) at that port on a voyage for Baltimore; and about the middle of the 23d day of March, 1833, sailed from New Orleans, inteilding to proceed to Sheppard's plantation', on' the river Mississippi, about thirty-three miles below New Orleans, to take in the residue of her

SUPREME COURT.
(Bradlie et al. v. The Maryland Insurance Company.)
cargo for the same voyage. At the English Turn, about twenty-two miles from New Orleans, the brig attempted to come to anchor, and in so doing lost the small bower anchor; and then dropped the best bower anchor, which brought her up. The' next morning, while the brig was proceeding on her voyage, she struck on a log, broke the rudder'pintles, when she fell off and went on shore. A signalwas then made fora steaiboat in sight; which came to the assistance'of the brig, and in attempting to haul her off the ha,,ser parted. It.was then found that the brig was making water very fast. Help was obtained from a neighbouring plantation. They commenced pumping and discharging the cargo on bohrd of the steamboati'and after discharging all the pork, and a part of the sugar, they succeeded in freeing the ship on the afternoon of the 6ame day. She was then got off and proceeded to New Orleans, where she arrived the same night; she continuing to leak, and both pumps being kept going. all the time,. The next day the master understobd that the steamboat claimed a salvage of fifty per cent., -and intended to libel for it.. On the 27Th: of the same nmonth the brig was taken across the river for repairs. On t'he same day the brig was libelled for the-salvage in the district court of Louisiana.
On the 25th of March, Snow, the master, wrote a letter to one of tb owners, containing An account 'df the loss and state of the brig; and also of the claim by the salvors of fifty per cent., which the underwriters on the cargo, and himself had-objcted to: adding th4, they should hold.the steamboat liable for any damage that might be incurred on account of the detention.
On the 22d'of April, Messrs. Howell & Sons addressed a lettdr&to the company, submitting the letter!of the 25th' of March to the company, and say therein- "In: consequence of the' damage,. together with the detention that must grow out of a lawsuit, (in which it appears that the vessel is involved,) the voyagy being brokenrup; we do hereby abandonto, you. the brig. Gracehus, as insuTed in your office, per policy No. 13,703, and claim for a total loss." On the same day the cohipany returned an'. answer, saying: "We cannot accept the abandonment tendered in your letter of this date; but expect you to do wiat is necessary in the case, for the safety and relief of the
vessel."
On the 9th of the ensuing May, the district court decreed onequarter of the.val:e of the vessel and cargo (estimated at 'seven thousand dollars) as salvage; ,the brig. being valued at two thousand five

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Bradlioet al. v. The Maryland Insurance Company.'] hundred dollars. On the 14th of the same month the master got possession again of the brig, the salvage having been paid. On the 3d of June, 1833, the brig was repaired and ready-for a freight: and early in July she sailed for Baltimore, with a partial cargo on board on freight; and duly arrived 'there in the latter part of the same month. The repairs at New Orleans amounted to the sum of one thousand six hundred and ninety dollars and fifteen cents; and the share of the, brig, at the general average or salvage, to the sum of one thousana two hundred and forty-five dollars and seven cents; in the whole, amounting to two thousand nine hundred and thirty-five dollars and twentytwo cents. To meet this sum and some other expenses, the master obtained an advance from Messrs. Harrison, Brown & Co., of New Orleans, of three thousand seven hundred an'd fifteen dollars and forty-one cents; and gave them as security therefor, a bottomry bond on the Gracchus for the principal sum, and five per cent. maritime ,premium, payable on the safe arrival of the brig at Baltimore.
On this bottomry bond the brig was libelled in Baltimore; and no claim being interposed by any person, she was by a decree of the district court of Maryland, on the 5th of September,,1833, ordered to be sold to satisfy the bottomry bond; and she was accordingly sold, by the marshal about the 20th of the same month; to John B. Howell, for four thousand seven hundred and fifty dollars; and on the 24th of the same month there was paid to the attorney of the libellant, the full amount due under the decree of the court. On the same day, the president of the company addressed a letter to Messrs. Howell & Son, in which they say, "We have examined the statements of generalI and particular average, and the accounts relating thereto, which you handed us some days ago, respecting the expenses incurred on the brig Gracchus, at New Orleans. Although some of the charges are of a description for which the company is not liable by the terms of their policy'; yet, wishing to at liberally in the case, we have agreed to admit every item in the accounts, and the different amounts will be as follows." Here follows a statement, deducting from the repairs one-third new for old, and admitting the sum of two thousand four hundred and nine dollars and eleven cents to be due to the plaintiffs; and enclosing the premium note, and a check for the amount. The letter then adds, " If you find any other charge, &c., has been paid at New Orleans, in order to raise the fund's on hottomry, we will pay our full proportion of the same, upon being ruade acquainted with the amount." On the same day Messrs. Howell&
VOL. X1.-3D

SUPREME 'COURT.
[Badlie et al. v. The Maryland Insurance Company.]
Son returned an answer, refusing to receive the premium note and check, adding, "We should do them (the owners) great injustice to make such a settlement. Our opinion is, that in law and equity, they. have a claim for a total loss."
These are the prinbipal facts material to be mentioned, though much other evidence was introduced into the cause upon collateral points, by the parties.
The counsel for the defendants, after the evidence on each side was closed, moved the court to instruct the jury as follows:
Defendants' 1st Prayer-The defendants, by their counsel, pray the court to instruct the jury that the notice of abandonment of the 22d April, 1833, and the accompanying letter from captain Snow, of the 25th-of March, as given in evidence by the plaintiffS, do not show or disclose facts which in law justify the Ofler to abandon then made; and therefore,, that in the absence of all evidence that said abandonment was accepted by the defendants, the plaintiffs are entitled to recover only for a partial loss.
2. That if the said notice of abandonment was sufficient, still the jury ought to find a verdict for a partial loss oply; unless they shall believe from the evidence, that the Gracchus suffered damage from the accident that befel her on the 24th March, 1833, to more than one-half the sum at which she was valued in the policy; and that in estimating said damage, the jury ought to take the cost of her repairs only, deducting one-third therefrom, as in the case of adjusting a partial loss.
3. That if the said abandonment was sufficient, as is assumed in the preceding prayer, still the jury ought to find a verdict for a partial loss only; unless they shdl believe, upon the evidence, that the damage so sustained by said brig exceeded in amount one-half the sum at which she was valued in the policy: and that in estimating the cost of her repairs for the purpose of ascertaining the amount of such damage, the jury are bound to deduct one-third therefrom, as in the case of'a partial loss.
4. That if said abandonment was sufficient, still the jury ought to find a partial loss only; unless they shall lielieve that the damage as aforesaid was more than one-half the value of the said brig at the time the accident happened, according to the,'proof of such value as given in evidence: and that in estimating the amount of such damage, the jury are to take the an-ounts of the general. and particular ave-

JANUARY TERM, 183s.

395

[Bradlie et a]. v. The Maryland Insurance Company.]
rages as adjusted at New Orleans, deducting one-third from the actual
cost of repairs.
But the court refued to give the instruction prayed for, and gave to the jury the following instruction: If the jury find from the evidence, that the Gracchus was so damaged by thedisaster mentioned in the letter of captain Snow, of March 25th, 1833, that she copld not be got off and repaired without an expenditure of money to an amount exceeding ha~lf her value, at the port of-New Orleans, after such repairs w-ere made; then theplaintiffs are entitled to recover for a total loss, under the abandonment made on the 22d day of April, 1833: and in ascertaining the amount of such expenditure, the jury must include the sum for which the brig was liable to the salvors, according to the decree of the district court of Louisiana stated in the evidence: but if the jury find that tle vessel could have been got off and repaired, without an expenditure of money to the amount of more than half her value, then upon the evidence offered, the plaintiffs are not entitled to recover for a total loss,'on the ground that the
voyage was retarded or lost; nor on account of the arrest and detention of the vessel by the admiralty pr 6 cesS, issued at the instance of the salvors.
The defendants excepted to the refusal of the court to give the instrvctions prayed: and also to the opinion actually given by the court in their instructions to the jury. The plaintiffs also excepted to the, same opinion, given by the court.
The plaintiffs also prayed "1the court to direct the jury, that in this cause the insured, by their letter of the 22d April, authorized and required the proper expenditures to be made upon the -vessel, for which said underwriters are liable under their policy; that no funds being supplied by 1.hem in New Orleans to meet this loss, and the salvage and repairs having been paid for by money raised upon re'spondentia upon the vessel; if the jury shall find that said vessel, under'the lien of this bond, came to Baltifiiore, and the defendants were then apprized of the existence of suchu respondentia, and were also informed of the existence of the proceedings thereupon against said vessel, and they neglected to pay so much thereof as they ought to have paid to relieve said vessel; and omitted to place her in the hands of the owners, discharged of so much of such bottomry as the underwriters were liable for; and in consequence thereof, said vessel was libelled ard condemned and sold, and thereby wholly lost to the

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradlie et al. v.The 'Maryland InsuranCe Company.]
plaintiffs; then the plaintiffs are entitled to recover for the whole value of the vessel."
The court refused to give, this instruction, and the plaintiffs ex-
cepted to the refusal; and the cou t t signed a bill of exceptions upon both exceptions. The jury found-a verdict for the plaintiffs for three thousand four hundred and eighty-nine dollars and twenty-two cents; upon which judgment passed for the plaintiffs. And the present writ of error is brought by the plaintiffs for the-purpose of reviewing the instructions above stated, so far as they excepted thereto.
Although the prayers for the instructions by the defendants are ,not before the Court for the purpose of direct consideration, as the defendants, have brought no writ of error; yet it is impossible completely to understand the nature and extent, and proper oonstruction of the opinion given by the court, without adverting to the propositions contained in them; for to them. and to them only was the opinion of the court givenas a response.
The second instruction asked by the defendants, in substance, insisted, that to entitle the plaintiffs to recover for a total lossi the damage to the Gracchus from the accident should be more than onelhalf the sum to which she was valued in the policy; and that in estimatingithat damage, the costs of the repairs only were to be taken, deducting one-third new for old. In effect, therefore, it excluded all consideration of the salvage in the ascertainment of the loss.
Thp third instruction was in substance similar to the second, exCept that it did not insist upon the exclusion of the salvage. In effect, therefore; it insisted upon the valuation in thp policy, as the standard by which to ascertain whether the damage was half the value of the, Gracchus, or not.
The fourth instruction insisted, that to entitle the plaintiffs to recover for a total loss, the damage must exceed ope-half the value of the Graechus at the time of the accident; and that in estimating the damage, the general and particular averages, as adjusted at New Orleans, were to be taken, deducting one-third new for old. In effect," therefore, it insisted'that nothing but these adjustments were to be taken into consideration, in ascertaining the totality of the loss at the time of the abandonment; (admitting the abandonment to be sufficient;) however imminent might be the dangers, or great the losses then actually impending over the Gracchus. And all three of these prayers further insisted, that the deduction of one-third now for old, should be made from the amount of the repairs, as in the case of a

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Bradlie et al. v. The Maryland Insurance Company.]
partial loss, in ascertaining whether there was a right to aban'don for a total lossi upon the ground that. the damage exceeded a moiety of the value of the vessel.
The instructions of the court actually given in these prayers, involve the following propositions. 1. Thatif the expenditures in repairing the, damage exceeded half the value of the brig at the port of New Orleans, after such repairs were made, including therein the salvage awarded. to the salvors; the plaintiffs were entitled to recover for a total loss, under the abandonment made. on the 22d of April., 1833. 2. If the expenditures to get~off and repair the brig, were less than the half of such value, then. the plaintiffs were not entitled to recover for a tbtal loss, upon the ground that the voyage was retarded or lost; nor on account of the arrest and detention of the brig, under the admiralty process, for the salvage.
The question is, whether these instructions were correct. In considering the first, it is material to remark, that by the well settled principles of our law, the state of the facts, and not'the state of the information at the time of the abandonment, constitutes the true criterion by which we are to ascertain whether a total loss has occurred or not, for which an abandonment can be nade. If the abandonment, when made, is good, the rights of the parties are definitively fixed; and do not become changed by any subsequent events. If, on the other hand, the abamudohment, 'when made, is not good, subsequent circumstances will not affect it so as, retroactively, to impart to it a validity which it had not at its origin. In some respects, our law on this point differs from that of England; for, by the latter, the right to a total loss vested by an abandonment, may be divested by subsequent events, which change that total loss into a partial loss. It is , unnecessary to cite cases on this subject, as the diversity is well known; and the courts in neither country have shown any disposition of late years to recede from their own doctrine. The cases of Rhinelander v. The Insurance Company of Pennsylvania, 4 Cranch, 29; and Marshall v. The. Delaware Insurance Company, 4 Cranch, 202, are direct affirmations of out rule: and those of Bainbridge v-. Neilson, 10 East's Rep. 329; Patterson v. Ritchie, 4 M. & Selw. 394; and M'Iver v. Henderson, 4 M. & Selw. 584; of the English rule.
In cases where the abandonment is founded upon a supposed technical total loss, by a damage or injury exceeding one-half the value of the vessel, although the fact of such damage or injury must exist

398

SUPREME COURt.

[Bradlie et al. v. The Maryland Insurance Company.] at the time, yet it is necessarily open to proofs, to b6 derived from subsequent events. Thus, for example, if the repairs, when subsequently made, clearly exceed the half value, it is plain that this affords one of the best proofs of the actual damage or injury. On the other hand, if the subsequent repairs are far below the half value, this, so far as it goes, affords an inference the'other way. But it is not, and in many cases cannot be decisive of the right to abandon. In many cases of stranding, the state of the vessel at the time may be such, from the imminency of the peril, and the apparent extent of expenditures required to deliver her from it, as to justify an abandonment; although, by some fortunate occurrence, ghe may be delivered from her peril, without an actual expenditure of one-half of her value after sbe is in safety. Under such circumstances, if, in all human probability, the expenditures which must be incurred to deliver her from her peril, are, at the time, so far as any reasonable calculations can be made, in the highest degree of probability, beyond half value; and if her distress and peril be such s would in-' duce a considerate owner, uninsured, and upon the spot, to withhold any attempt to get the vessel off, because of such apparently great expehditures, the abandonment would doubtless be good. It was to such a case that lord Ellenborough alluded, in Anderson v. Wallis, 2 M. & Selw., when hd said: "There is not any case, nor principle, which authorizes an abandonment, unless where the loss has been actually a total loss, or in the highest degree probable at the time of the abandonment." Mr. Chancellor Kent, in his learned Commen'taries, vol. 3, 321, has laid down the true results of the doctrine of law on this subject. "The right of abandonment (says he,) does not depend upon the certainty, but upon the high pr(bability of a total loss, either of the property or of the voyage, or both. The insured is to act, not upon certainties, but upon probabilities; and if the facts pres~nt a' case of extreme hazard, and of probable expense, exceeding half the value of the ship, the insured may abandon; though it should happen that she was afterwards recovered at a less expense." We have no difficulty, therefore, in acceding to the argument of the counsel for the plaintiffs in error,on this point. But its application to the ruling of the court, will be considered hereafter.
In respect to the mode of ascertaining the Value of the ship, and, pf course, whether she is injured to the amount of half her value, it has, upon the fullest consideration, been held by this Court, that the true basis of the valuation is the value of the ship at the time of the

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
, [Bradlie et al. v. The Maryland Insurance Company.] disaster; and that, if after the damage is or might be repaired, the ship is not, or would not be worth, at the place of the repairs, double the cost of the repairs, it is to be treated as a technical total loss. This was the doctrine asserted in the Patapsco Insurance Company v. Southgate, 5 Peters, 604; in which the court below had instructed the jury, that, if the vessel could' not have been repaired without an expenditure exceeding half her value at the port of the repairs, after the repairs were mad'e,it constituted a total loss. This Court held that instruction to be entirely correct. It follows, from this doctrine, that the valuation of the vessel in the policy, or the value at the home port, or in the general market of other ports, constitutes no ingredient 'in ascertaining whether the injury by the disaster is more than one-half the value of the vessel, or not. For the like reason, the ordinary deduction in cases of a partial loss of one-third new for old, from the repairs, is equally inapplicable to cases of 'a technical total loss, by an injury exceeding one-half of the value of the vessel. Thut rule supposes the vessel. to be repaired and returned to the owner; who receives a correspondent benefit from the repairs beyond his 'loss) to the amount of the one-third. But in the case of a total loss, the owner receives no such benefit; the vessel never returns to him, but is transferred to the underwriters. If the actual cost of the repairs exceeds one-half of her value after the repairs are made, then the case falls directly witbin the predicament of the doctrine asserted in the case of 5 Peters, 604. The same li mitations of the rule, and the reasons of it, are very accurately laid down by Mr. Chancellor Kent, in his Commentaries, 3 vol. 330; and in Da Costa v. Newnham, 2 Term Rep. 407.
If, with these.'principles in view, we examine tho first instruction given in this case in the circuit court, it will be found to be perfectly correct. Indeed, that part of the instruction which declares that if the brig "1could not be got off and repaired without an expenditure of money to an amount exceeding half her value at the port of New Orleans, after such repairs were made, then the plaintiffs are entitled to recover for a total losA under the abandonment," is precisely in the terms o' the instruction given in The Patapsco Insurance Company v. Soufihgatc, 5 Peters, 604. The error, which has been insistel on at thie argument by the plaintiffs, is in the additional direction; that " ib ascertaining the amount of such expenditure, the jury must include the sum for which the brig was' liable to the salvors, according to the decree of the district courL of .Louisiana, stated in

400

UPR)EME COURT.

[l3radli e et al. v. The Maryland Insurance Company.]
the evidence:" Which, it is contended, removed from the considera-
tion' of the jury the right to take into the account the high'probability, at the time of the abandonment, of the allowance of a greater'
salvage, and even to the extent of the fifty percent. then claimed bythe salvors. And in support of the argument, it is insisted that the state of the facts, 'and the high probabilities 'at the time of the aban-, donment, constitute the governing rule; 'and not the ultimate result in the subsequent events. But it appears to us that the argument is founded upon a total misunderstanding of the true import of this part of the instructibn. The court did i0t undertake to.say, and did not say, that the jury might not properly take into copsideration the high probability of a larger salvage at the time of the, abandonment; but simply, that the jury must include inthe half value, the amount
of the actual salvage decreed, because that was, in truth, a part of the logs. The instruction was, therefore, not a limitation restrictive of thei rights' afid claims 'of .the plaintiffs, but, in fact, a direction in favour of their rights and claims, fnd 4ih support of the abandonment. This is demonstrated by the theh actual position of the cause. The defendants'.had asked an instruction that the costs of the repairs only, exclusive of the salvage, should. be taken into consideration in esti-
mating the half value; and -also that the one-third new for oldi should be deducted from, the amount of the cost, in estimating the half value. The court, in effect, negatived both, instructions; and in the particulars-now objected to, there was a positive direction to.the. jury not to exclude, but to include the salvage, in the estimate of the loss. In this view of the matter, the instructioi Was most favourable to the plaintiffs; arid, so far from excluding evidence which might show the amount of the actual damage at the time of the abandonment; it' resorted, and very properly resorted to the subsequent,ascertainment of salvage as positive evidence, that to that extent at least, the actual damage was enhanced beyond the cost of the repairs. We are entirely satisfied with this part' of the instruction, in this view, which seems to us to be the true interpretation of it.
In respect to the other part of the instruction there is no substantial difficulty. The mere retardation of the voyage by any of the perils insured against, not amounting to or producing- a total incapacity of the ship eventually to perform the voyage,. cannot, upon principles well established, be admitted to constitute a technical total loss, which will authorize an abandonment. A retardation for the purpose of repairing damages from the perils insured against, that

JANUARY TERM, l,838.

401

[Bradlie et a]. v.'The Maryland Insurance Conipany.]
damage not exce'eding one moiety of the value of the ship, falls directly within this doctrine. Under such circumstances, if the ship can be repaired and is repaired, and is thus capable of perforning the voyage, there is no ground, of .abandonment founded upon the .'considerztion that the voyage may not be Worth 'pursuing for the interest cof the ship owner; or that the cargo has. been injured; so that it is not worth transpQrting further ornthe voyage: for' the loss of the cargo for the voyage, has nothing to do with an insurance upon the ship for the voyage., This was expressly held by this Court, in the case of Alexander v. The. Baltimore Insuranca Company, 4 Cranph R., 370; where it was decided that an insuraocew.n a ship for a voyage, was- not to be treated, as an insurance on the ship and the voyage, or as, an undertaking that she shall actually perform the 'Voyage: ard, only, that notWithst'anding any of the perils insured against, she shall be of ability to,perform the voyage; and that. the underwriters will pay any damage sustained by her,1froiA those perils, during the voyage. The Court farther held,,'that upon such an-in-, surahee, a total loss of the cargo for the voyage,-was not a total loss of'the ship for, the voyage. In 'respect to the point of retardation for repairs, the. more recent authorities 'contain reasoning altogether' sktisfactory, and 'consistent with the' true nature and objects of poli cies, of irslnrance. 'The subject was a Aood deal discussed in the ase of Anderson v..W.Ailis,'. 2 Maule & Selw. 240, which "was a
policy or4 cargo; 'and' again. in Everth v. Smith, 2,M, & Selw. 278, which was a policy on-. freight and again in Falkner v,.Ritchie,,* M. & Selw- 90, which Was a,policy on. ship: and *.in each' of the cases, the' court came to the conclusion that a mere retardation of the voyage ;by any peril insured- against, did not entitle the insure: to- rqcover for a totalloss; 'if the thing insured was capable of performing the: voyage. Lord Ellenboroughb, in the iirst case, said: '.Disappointment of arrival isa new head of abandonment in insurance law." "If the-retardation of the voyage be a cause of AbandonMent;, the, happening of any, marine peril, to the ship, by which ,? delay is caused in her 'ariival at the earliest market, Would also be a cause of abandonment. I'am well aware that an insurance upon a cargo, for p particular vbyage, contemplates that the voyage shall be performed with that cargo; and any risk which renders the cargo pernmanently lost to the assured, may be a cause-of abandonment. In like manner a total, loss of' cargo may be effected not merely by the
destination of that cargo,, but by a permanent incapacity of the ship VoL. XII.-3 E

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradlie et al. v, The Maryland Insurance Company.]
to perform the voyage; that is, a destruction of the contemplated adventure, But the case of an interruption Of the voyage, does not warrant the assured in totally disengaging himself from the adventure, anl throwing this burthen on the underwriters." In Falkner
v. Ritchie, 2 M. & Seiw. 290, his lordship added: "What has a loss of the voyage to do with a loss of the ship?" meaning, as the, context shows, that the loss of the voyage is no ground of abandonment, where the ship is not damaged to an extent which permanently disables her to perform it. The same doctrine was affirmed in Hunt y. Royal Exchange Assurance Company, 5 M. & Selw. 47; and in Naylor v. Taylor, 9 Barn. & Cresw. 718. And it.was long ago recognised by this Court, by necessary implication,, in the 'case of Alexander v. Baltimore Insurance Company, 4 Cranch R. 370; and Smith v. The Universal Insurance Company, 6 Wheat. R. 176. In this latter case, the Court said: ." The insurers do not undertake that the voyage shall be performed without delay, or that the perils insured against shall not occur. They undertake only for losses sustained by those perils; and if any peril does act 6pon the subject, yet if it be removed before any loss takes- place, and the voyage be not thereby broken up, but is, or may be resumed,, the insured can-
not abandon for a total, loss," Language more explicit upon this point, could scarcely have been used.
Nor is there any, the slightest difference in law, whether the retardation or temporary suspension of the voyage be for the p;irpose of repairs, or to meet-any other exigency which interrupts, but does not finally defeat the actual resumption of it. The detention of the ship, under theadmiralty proceedings, does not, therefore, in any manner change the posture of the case. It is admitted on all sides, and indeed it admits of no legal controversy, that this detention cannot be construed to be a substantive peril within the clause of the policy respecting "restraints and detainments of all kings, princes or people;" for the restraints and detainments there alluded to, are the operations of the sovereign power by ah exercise of the vis major, in its sovereign capacity, controlling or divesting, for the.timd, the dominion or authority of the owner over the ship.; and not proceedings of a mere civil nature to enforce private rights, claimed under the owner for services actuilly rendered in the preservation of his property. This, indeed, if it admitted oi any doubt, would be disposed of by the reasoning of the court in Nesbitt v. Lushington, 4 Term R. 783; and Thornely v. Hebson, 2 Barn. & Ald. R. 513. See

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Bradlie et al. v. The Maryland Insurance Company.]
also S Kent's Comm. 304, 326. In truth the detention by the admiralty, process was, in this caise; as is apparent from the admitted factse a mere retardation of the voyage. The brig was delivered from that proceeding; the salvage was paid; and she not only was capable, but did in fact resume and complete her voyage to Baltimore.
The considerations already suggested, dispose of the other point raised undei' this instruction, as to the loss of the voyage. It is apparent that the loss of theivoyage ppokeh of, and necessarily implied in this instruction upon the admitted state' of the facts, was the loss of the cargo for the voyage, and not the loss of the vessel by incapacity to perform the voyage. If the vessel could, as the instruction, supposes, be got off and repaired without'an expenditure exceeding half her value, and be thereby enabled to resume the voyage; it is plain that the loss of the cargo for that voyage, constituted no total loss of the vessel for the voyage. It was absolutely impossible for the court, upon. the authorities already cited, to arrive at any other conclusion.
The state of things at the' time of the abandonment, did not de-
monstrate ahy incapacity of the ship to resume her voyage after the repairs; and in' point of fact, as has been already suggested, she not only did resume it, but actually performed it. The insurance was upon time; and the policy actually expired, by its own* limitqtion, upon the 22d of May, 1833, before she had actually resumed her voyage. But that can make no difference. An insurance on tirihe differs as to this point in no essential manner whatsoever from an insurance upon a particular voyage; except in this, that in the latter ease the insurance is upon and for a specific voyage.described in the policy; whereas a policy on time, insures no specific voyage, but-it covers any voyage or voyages whatsoever undertaken within, and not exceedi tg in point of duration, the limited period for which the insurance is made. But an- insurance on, time by no means contains any undertaking on the part of the underwriters, that any particular voyage undertaken by the insured within the prescribed period, shall be performed before the expiration of the policy. It warrants nothing as to any retardation- or prolongation, of the voyage; but only that the ship shall be capable of performing -the voyage undertaken, notwithstanding any loss or injury which may accrue to her
during the time for which she is insured; and of resuming it, if interrupted. In other words, the undertaking is that the ship shall not, by the operation of any peril insured against during the time

404

SUPREME COURT.

Bradlie et al.v.,. The Aparyland Insurance Company.] for which' the policy c.ontinues, be totally and.permanently lost or .disabled from performing, the voyage then in progress or any. other voyage within the scope of the policy. 'The case of Pole v. Fitzgerald, Willes' Rep. 641; S. C. Amber's Rep. 214, affords a striking illustration-of this doctrine; and- whatever doubts may 'be entertained as to some of the dicta, in that case, lord Ellenborough has well said, that it ;may be of great. use to resort to it, in order to purify the mind from these generalities, respecting the loss of the voyage of the ship, constituting, per se, a loss of the ship. Falkner v. -Ritcbie, Z Maule & Selw. 293. There is no error, theu, in the instructions aciually given to the jury in the response of the: court to those asked by the defendants.
In the next place, as to the instruction asked by the plaintiffs, and refused by the court. In substance, it insisted. that if the underwgiters had authorized the expenditures t be niade for the repairs., and had. not supplied, the appropriate funds for these repairs, and for the salvage, and the bottomry bond was given to secure them; an(l the underwriters were apprized of the admiralty proceedings at Baltimore, and there neglected to pay so muh thereof as they ought to havepaid to discharge the same; and that the vessel in' consequence thereof was sold under those proceedings: then the-plaintiffs were entitled to recover for the whole value of the vessel. Tthis instructionit May be remarked, proceeds'upon the supposition that there was"not a technical total loss, entitling the plaintile to abandon; and
that-the abandonment of the 22d of April was. not available ,for the
plaintiffs. For, if it had been,, then the underwriters would have become from that time ithe owners of the ship;' And the subsequent losses,. whatever they might be, would be on their sole account. The case -puty then, supposes that,'in point of law, in tho case of a merely partial loss to the ship, if money is taken up'on bottomry for' the necessary repairs and, expenditures, it 'becomes the dutyof the 'underwriters-to deliver the, ship ftom the bottomry bond to-the extent of their liability for the expenditures; and that if they do not, and the veissel is sold under the bottomry bond, they are liable not onily for the partial ldss,. but for all other losses to the owner from their n'eglect. We know of no principle of law which justifies any such do.trine. The underwriters engage to pay the ampount of the expenditures and losses, directly flowing ,from 'the 'perils insured against; but not any remote or 'consequential losses to the owners, from their neglectoto pay the Same. It might be as well contended,

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

405

[Bradlie et al. v. The Mar3 land Insurance Company.] that if by the neglect to pay a partial loss the owners were prevented from undertaking a new and profitable voyage, the underwriters would be responsible to them for such consequential loss. The maxim here, as in many other cases 'in the law, is, causa proxima non remotA spectatur. The underwriters are not bound to supply funds in a foreign \port for the repairs 6f any damage to the ship, occasioned by a peril insured, against. They undertake only to pay the, amount after due notice and proof of the loss; and, usually, this is to be done, (as was in 'fact the present case) after a prescribed time from such notice'and proof of the loss. If to meet the expenditures for the repairs,, the master is compelled to take up money oil bottomry, and thereby an additional premium becomes payable, that constitutes a part of the loss, for which the underwriters are liable. But in cases of a partial loss, the money upon bottomnry is not taken up on account of the underwriters, but of the owner; and they be6ome liable 'to the payment of the loss, whether the bottomry bond ever becomes due and payable or not. In short, with the in6de by which the owner, obtains the necessary advances, they have nothing to do; except that Ithey must hear their share of 'the increased expenses to furnish the repairs, as. a common sacrifice. Indeed, it seenis difficult to understand upon what-ground it is, thatin case of a partial loss th'e owner is exonerated from the duty of delivering his own ship f' m the lien of the bottomry bond, and is at liberty to throw upon the underwriters the whole obligation of discharging it, under the penalty. of being otherwise responsible in case of a sale; not for their share of the loss, (assuming that they were at all bound to discharge any part of the bond,) but for the whole loss. Upon what ground can it be said that the.loss of fh6 vessel by the sale in this casd, is attributable to the neglect of the underwriters, which does not equally apply to the owners. They had at least, upon their own argument, an equal duty to perform; for the underwriters were not liable for the'whole amount of the bottomry bond, but for a part only;' and the owners were bound to discharge the residue. How, then, can they call upon the underwriters to pay them a total loss on account of a sale; which upon their own argument was as much attributable to their own neglect as to that- of the underwriters. But we wish'to be understood as putting this point upon its true ground in floint of law; and that is, that in the case of a partial loss, Where money is taken up on bottomry, bond, to, defray the expenditures to repair it, the underwriters have nothing to do with the bottomry

SUPREME COURT.
[Bradlie et al. v. The Maryland Insurance Company.] bond, but are simply bound to pay the partial loss, including their share of the extra expenses of obtaining the money.in that mode, as a part of the loss. If it were otherwise, any partial loss, however small, might, if money weie taken up on bottomry'to meet it, be converted, at the will of the owner, into a total loss, if the underwriters should 'neglect to pay to the owner the amount of such partial loss. The case of Thornely v. Hebson, 2 Barn. & Ald. 513, ihculcates a very different doctrine. It was there held, that even in the case of a libel for salvage, it is the duty of the owner, if he can, to raise the money to pay the salvage; and if he makes no such attempt, but suffers the ship to be sold under the admiralty process, he cannot thereby convert a loss, which is partial, into a total loss. And it was there further said, by Mr. Justice Bayley, (what is entirely applicable to the present case,) that the sale, in order to constitute a total loss in such a case, must be from necessity, and wholly without the fault of the owner.
The instruction asked in the present instance seems to have proceeded.wholly upon the ground of the doctrine asserted in' the case of Da Costa v. Newnham, 2 Tei'M Rep. 407. But assuming that case to have been decided with entire correctness upon its own particular circumstances; it seems difficult, consistently with the principles of law, to apply the doctrine to cases which are not exactly in the same predicament and it is not the first time that an attempt has been made to~press that case into the service of other cases which are essentially different. The whole argument turns upon this, that the brig never came into the hldnds of the owner free from the lien of the bottomry bond; and therefore, the total loss by the sale is properly attributable to the neglect of the underwriters. But the same argument would equally have appliedrf there had, been, for the first time, admiralty proceedings in the home port against the brig, (without any bottornry bond laving been given,) for the repairs thus made in a foreign port, as well as for the salvage. Yet no doubt could have been entertained that, under such circumstances, the underwriters would not have been bound to deliver the vessel from the liens thus incurred, at the peril of-otherwise becoming answerable for a total loss. In what essential particular is the' case hanged by the substitution of an express lien by bottormry, for 'an implied lien by the maritime law? In none, that we can perceive,
But what were the circumstances of the case of Da Costa v. Neweiham? In that case, the insurance was for a voyage from Leg-

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Bradlie et al. v. The Maryland Insurance Company.]
horn to London. The ship met with an accident in the course of the voyage, and put into Nice for repairs. Upon receiving notice thereof, the assured wished to abandon, and, indeed, was entitled to abandon'; but the underwriters insisted upon the ship's being repaired, telling him to pay the tradesmen's bills. He consented, at last, that the repairs should be done, but refused to adyance any money; in consequence of which it became necessary to take up a large sum of money.on a.bottomry bond, to defray the expenses. The ship resumed and performed her voyage; and after her arrival, the underwriters were applied to take up the bottomry bond, but they refused. Admiralty proceedings were, as it should seem, accordingly instituted, and the ship was sold for six hundred guineas; the bottomry. boid being for six hundred pounds, which, with the interest, amounted to a larger sum, viz. six hundred and seventy-eight pounds.
The question under these circumstances was, whether the plaintiff was entitled to recover. Mr. Justice Bulle'r, who tried the eause. was of opinion, under the circumstances, that for all the subsequent injury which had accrued to the owner, in consequence of the refusal of the underwriters to discharge the bottomry b , and by. which the owner was damnified to the full amount of the insuranee, the underwriters were liable; because it was their own fault in not taking up the bond- for the expenses of those repairs, which had been incurred, by their own express directions; and the only remaining question was, how the average was to be calculated. The jury found a verdict for the. owrler for sixty-two pounds nineteen shillings, which, together with seventeen -pounds ten shillings paid into court by the underwriters, they calculated as the average loss, per cent. which. the owner was entitled to. A motion was afterwards made for a new trial; and refused y the court; substantially upon the grounds maintained by the learned judge at the trial,
From this -statement of the facts, and the reasoning of the court applicable theretoi in the case of Da Costa v. Newnham, it is apparent, that, in that case, the actual cost of the repairs,. (including of necessity the bottomry premium,) exceeded the actual value of' the ship; that the underwriters had fully authorized all these repairs, and had, expressly promised to pay all the costs of the repairs and the ,necessary incidents. The owner of the ship, at the termination of the voyage, never 6ame into the possession of the ship free fiom the lien of the bottomry bond; for the whole amount of which, as it included nothing but the costs anid incidents of the repairs, the under-

SUPREME COURT.
. [Bradlie et al. v. The Maryland Insurance Company.]
writers were liable, and which, by necessary implication, they had promised to pay, The sum claimed by the owner of the underwriters was in fact less than the amount of the cost of the repairs, that cost being six hundred' and seventy-eight-pounds; whereas the loss claimed was a total loss of the ship, which sold for six hundred guineas only; and it seems that the insurance was on an open
policy. The question, in effect, therefore, was whether the owner was not
entitled to recover the full amount of tie insurance, which was the amount of his actual loss, directly arising from the breach of the promise of indemnity made to him by the underwriters. Upon-such a point, there should not seem to be much reason for any real juridical doubt.
Now, there are essential distinctions between that case and the present. In the first place, the. repairs in this case were not made under any positive engagement of the underwriters beyond whit the policy, by its own terms, necessarily included: The language of the underwriters in their answers, refusing the abandonment, in our judgment imports no more than this. It merely'ays, "we expect you to do what is necessary in the case for the safety and relief of the vessel." It was rather an admonition than a contract; a warning that the underwriters would hold the owners to the performance of all the duties imposed upon them by law; and not any promise as t6 their own obligations. In the next place, in the present case, the loss is to be taken upon the very form of the instruction, prayed to be a partial loss only; and as to the repairs, the underwriters were clearly, in such a case, entitled to the deduction of one-third new for old. . In the case of Da Costa v, Newnham, the loss was treated by the court as a technical total loss; )n account ot the amount required for the necessary repairs. In the next place, in that ease, the insured asked only to recover the amount of the costs of the repairs, which in fact exceeded the value of the ship: in tAe present case, the cost of the repairs, and the salvage, for which the underwriters were liable, fell short of'the half value; and yet the plaintiffs insist to recover for a total loss. In the next place, in that case, the underwriters, by their refusal to make any advances, compelled, and indeed authorized the owner to resort to a bottomry bond, to supply the means of repairing the loss; and of course, as has been already intimated, thu underwriters, by necessary implit'ation, undertook',to indemnify the owner against the lien and burden of ihe whole of

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

409

[Bradlie etal., v. The Maryland Insurance Company.] that bond, in onsideration of his undertaking to cause the repairs to be made:
The r-efusal to make good that promise, was the direct and immediate cause of the loss and sale of the ship. In the present case, the bottomry bond included charges and amounts, for which the underwriters were not liable. How, then, can it be inferred from the facts stated 'in the instructions, that the underwriters, by implication, and without consideration, undertook to indemnify the plaiftiffs against the whole bottomry bond; for the payment of a part of which, only, they were by law responsible?
Sothat, admitting the authority of Dra Costa v. Newnham to the fullest extent which its own circumstances warrant, it 'stands upon grounds entirely distinguishable from those which ought to govern the present case. If the underwriters, in the present case, bad authorized the whole expenditures ou their sole account, and had promised to save the plaintiffs harmless from the whole amount of the bottomry bond, and the plaintiffs had made the expenditures, and procured the. advances for this purpose, upon the faith of such authority and promise; a very different case would have been presented for our consideration. At present, it is only necessary to say, that the instruction before us states no such case, and calls for no such question; and, therefore, Da Costa v. Newnham cannot be admitted to govern the
present, case.
Upon the whole, our opinion is, that there is no error in the instructions given or refused by the circuit court; and the judgment is
therefore affirmed, with costs.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Maryland, and Was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here or dered and adjudged by this Court, that the judgment of the said circuit court in this cause be, and the same is hereby -affirmed, With costs and damages at the rate of six per centum per annum.

VoL.. XI1.--3 F.

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
THE MAYOR, RECORDER, ALDERMYEN, AND COMMON COUNCIL OF GEORGETOWN, APPELLANTS V. THE, ALEXANDRIA CANAL, COM-
PAN , AND WILLIAM TURNBULL, APPEI.LEES.
A bill Was filed by the Corporation of Georgetown, on behalf of themsejveki and the citizens of Georgetown, against the Alexandria Canal Company; stating that the company were.constructing an aqueduct across the Potomac river, within the corporate limits of Georgetown; that the Potomac was a public highway; and that the free use of the river was secured to all persons residing on the border.of the river, or interested in its navigation, by the compact of 1785, between Virginia andMaryland. The aqueduct, with the works of the Alexandria Canal Company, the bill stated, obstructed the navigation of the river, and injured the owners of wharf property on the same; The bill asked an injunction to stay the further proceedihgs of-the defendants, and for other relief. The Alexandria Canal Company, incorporated by.congreas, denied the right of the Corporation of Georgetown to interfere in the matterj denied that their works are within the corporate limits of Georgetown; and that the Court has jurisdiction to interfere, or can restrain them from prosecuting their works under their charter: averring they have not transcended the power granted to them by congress, on the 26th of May, 1830. The circuit court dismissed the bill; and, on an appeal to the Supreme Court, the decree of the circuit court was affirmed.
The compact between Virginia and Maryland, in 1785, was made by the two states, in -their character of states. The- citizens, individually, of both commonwbalths, were subject to all the 'bbligations, and entitled to all the benefits conferred by that compact. But the citizens of each, individually, were, in no jhst sense, the parties "toit. These parties, were! the:'two. states of which they were citizenp. The same power Which established it, was competent to anndl or to modify it. Virginia and Maryland, if they had retained the portions of territory which respectively belong. .edto them, on the right and left banks of the iotonac; could have so far modified this compact, as to have agreed to change-any orall of its stipulttions. They could', by.their joint wIll, have made any im'plovements which 'theythose; either by canals along the margin of the river or bylbridges or aqueducts across it; or it any other manner whatsoever. When they ceded to congress the portions of the territory embracing, the Potomac river within, their limits, whatever the legislatures of Virginia and Maryland could have done by their joint will, after that essioncould'Be done by congress, subject only t4 the limitations imposed by theacts of cession.
The. act of congress,' which granted the charter to the Alexandria Canal Company, is in no degree a violation of the compact between the statei of Virginia and Maryland; .or of any of the rights thatthe citizens Of either, or both states, claimed as bbing, derived from it.
The Potomac river is a inavigable stream, or pari of thpejus publicum; and any ob. structior to its navigation would, upon the most established: principles, be a pu6 lie nuisance: A public nuisance being the subject of criminal jurisdiction, the ordlnary and regular proceeding at law, is by indictment or information, by which the

SUPREME COURT.

[City of Georgetown v. The Alexandria Canal Company, &c.]

nuisance may be abated, and the person who caused it may be punished. A court of equity may take jurisdiction in cases of public nuisance, by an information

filed by the attorney general. If any particular individual shall have sustained

special damage from the erection of it, he 'may maintain a private.action for such

special damage; because, to that extent, he has suffered beyond his portion of in-

,jury, in common with the community at large.

While it is admitted by all, that the jurisdiction of a court of equity, in cases of

nuisance, is confessedly one of delicacy, and accordingly the instances of its exer-

cise are rare; yet it may be exercised in those cases in which there is iniminent

danger of irreparable mischief, before the tardiness of the law could reach it.

There are cases in which it is competent for some persons to come into a court of

equity as plaintiffs. forthemselves and others, having similar interests. Such is

the familiar example of what is called a creditors' bill. But, in all these cases,

the

parties

have

an

interest

in

the

subject

matter, which

enables

them

5
.o sue;

and

the others are treated as a kind of plaintiffs with those named, although they

themselves are not named.

ON appeal from the circuit court of the United States, br the county of Washington, in the District of Columbia.
The appellants filed their bill in the court below, in July, 1836, stating, in substance, that they were deeply interested in the trade'and navigation of the Potomac river, a common highway; the unobstructed use of which is secured by a compact in 1786, between the states of Virginia and Maryland. That the appellees, under the alleged authority of an act of congress of the 26th of May, 1830, are engaged at Georgetown, and within its corporate limits, in constructing an aqueduct over the said river. That the said aqueduct is designed to rest on massive stone piers, having their foundation on the solid rock at the bottom of said river. That to build said piers coffer dams are used around the site of them, with a doube row of piling, the inner and outer rows of piling twelve or thirteen feet apart. That the appellees have finished one pier. That in building it, they filled up the space between the inner and outer rows of piling with clay and earth. The appellants expressed fears, that the clay so used, would injure the harbour of the town and channel of the river; but they were assured by' the appellees that the clay so used, on completing the pier, should be taken away, and not permitted to be swept into thet har-
bour and river. The bill further states, that, in the construction of the second pier, then in progress, the appellees not only used clay between said rows of piling, but threw large masses of clay and earth into the open river, outside the outer row of piles; that the current of said"iver and freshets, to which it was subject, had swept and

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

93

[City of Georgetown v. The Alexandria Canal Company, &c.]
would sweep said clay and earth into the channel and harbour; and
bad materially injured and w(uld injure said channel and harbour. That the appellants had expended large sums of money, (in part granted to them by congress,) in deepening the channel of the river below
the town; and that the depth of water had been materially lessened, caused in part, and materially, by the said works of the appellees.
The bill further -states, that the appellants, before filing their bill remonstrated against the use of said clay and earth in the open river, outside the dams, to the officer in charge of the'work; but he asserted his right so to use it, and would use it when the safety of his works in his judgment, required; and was so instructed by his principals.
The bill further stated that the appellants had reason to believe, and
did believe, that the said operation would be renewed, in the construction of the six or more remaining piers of the aqueduct, if not arrested by the order of the court; to the manifest injury, if not ruin, ot their harbour and channel. The bill further averred that the appellees were without sufficient means to complete the work, and called for a statement of their funds. The bill also av /rred the charter of the appellees, of May, 1830, to be unconstitutional, because it obstructed naviggtion. It prayed a perpetual injunction against the appellees in the use of clay and earth, inside or outside the dams; and against the progress of the work so conducted, in which they were engaged;
and for further relief, &c. &c. The answer denied the right of the appellants to sue, and the juris-
diction of the court, to enjoin for a-public nuisance; and to give the T'elief prayed: denied'that there was any injury, or damage; and if any, that it was within the corporate limits of Georgetown; and averred the validity of the act of congress, of 26th May, 1830, and their right to proceed under it. The 'nswer avers that the said charter
was granted with the knowledge and acquiescence of Georgetown; that a large amount of money had been obtained and expended on the work; and that appellees confidently believed, an ample amount had been, and would be furnished to complete it. They further averred, that they had employed sllful and scientific engineers; that they had adopted the most approved plan, (as set forth, in the bill;) and that if any injury had occurred, or should occur to the
river or harbour of Georgetown, which they denied, it was the necessary and inevitable result of the work itself. The answer admits, that, in building the second pier, in'consequence of a freshet in June, 1836, alleged to have swept off the original depdsite at the bottom

SUPREME COURT.
[City of Georgetown v. ThA Alexandria Canal Company, &c.]
of the river round the pier, and thereby looseningthe outer piles of the dam, they did throw in clay outside the outer.rows. of piles, to replace said .deposite; that it was necessary to do so, and. the only practicable -means t6- save their work: that it was an emergency not likely again to arise; and that it did not and could not produce the hicshiefs alleged5 and apprehended by the complainants. To so much of the.bill as averred the financial inability of appellees: to complete the work, and called for a development of their resources, they demurred. Proof was taken on both sides, and filed with the bill and answer; the general replication filed, ard th cause by consentsef for final hemring. The court below refused to grant the injunction, and thd relief prayed, and dismissed the bill: and the appellants thereupon appealed to this Court.
The case .was argued- by Mr. Key, for the appellants; and by Coxe and Mr. Jones, for the appellees.
For the appellants, it was contended: 1. That the court erred in refusing-to grant the relief prayed for. -
'2. Beca;use, a wanton and irreparable injury to the navigation e, the river, results from the manner of the defendants' construction of their work.
3. Because, by the compact between Maryland and Virginia, of 1786,.and by t6e act of cession, of. 1791; the free navigation of the river Potomac, ard the rights of 'the citizens of Maryland and Virginia, and of the district, were secured.
4.. If the charter authorizes the erection, of works wltich destroy' the rights and property of the .coriplainantsi it is void, as against the constitution of the United States; no compensation being provded for such injuries by the charter.
Mr. Justice BAR13OUR delivered the opinion of the Court. This is an appeal from a ducree of the circuit tourt of 'the United States for the county of Washington, in the District-of Columbia, dismissing the appellants' bill. The appellants filed their bill in the court below, in behalf of themselves and the citizens of Georgetown, against the appellees'; containing various allegation, the material parts oi which, are substantially. these: That the appellees, who were defendants in the court below, had been, and then were engaged in constructing an

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

95

[City of Geqrgetown v. The Alexanaria Canal Company, &c,]
aqueduct over the Potomac river, at Georgetown, within its corporate limits, immediately above, and west of the principal public and private wharves of the town; that the Potomac rivfer, above and below the aqueduct, continuously: outward to the sea, was a public navigable highway; that the free use of that river was secured to all the people, residing on its borders pr interested in its navigation, by a compact between the states of Virginia and Mary-
land, in tle year 1785; that, Georgetown derived its chief support and prosperity from. the trade of the Potomac; that large sums of money had been expended by the complainants, at the wharves of the town, in deepening the water on the bar across the main channel, immediately below the town, and north and west of the long. bridge across the Potomac; that the defendants had consteu'cted one massive stone pier, and were about to construct others; that by the use of clay and earth thrown in, to makeeclose certain coffer dams, used by the defendants in the construction of the piers, the harbour has been injured, ,and the deltli of water in the cut or channel through the bar below the town, has been diminished already, and that they apprehend serious injuryin futurefiom the same causes; that by the construction of, their piers. of stone, and in such a-way, as greatly to increase the force of the current, other earth and mud have been, and will be washed down by the vdlbeity of the curreht, so as to injure the wharves and harbour of the town, and impair the navigation of the river. The bill charges, that the aqueduct can be constructed without' the'use of clay and earth, from which so much injury is apprehended. It proceeds to state, in minute detail, the nature and character of the injury apprehended to the harbour, wharves, and naVigation; and concludes with a prayer-fbr an injunction prohibiting the defendantsfrom furtherd~positing earth and clay in the Potomac river, outside, or inside their coffer dams, or otherwise, to the injury of the navigation of the-river and the harbour of Georgetown; and
with a prayer also for general relief. The defendants answered, denying that the complainants, the Cor-
poration of Georgetown, had any right, title, or interest in the waters
of the Potomac river, which they aver to be a public navigable river, and a common highway; they deny that the works, in the construction of which they are engaged, are within the corporate limits of Georgetown; they deny the right of the Corporation of George. town, to file the bill in behalf of the citizens of the town; they deny the jurisdiction of a court of equity, over nuisatices in public rivers

SUPREME COURT.
[City of Georgetown v. The Alexandria Canal Company, &e.]
and highways; and also its power to enjoin them from.the prosecution of the works in which t.hey are engaged, under their charter; they insist, that congress had full power to grant to them the charter of incorporation, and to authorize the construction of the works in which they are engaged. They aver that they have not transcended the power conferred by their charter, which was granted to them by an act .of congress, passed on the 26th of May, 1830; which they exhibit as part of their answer. They then proceed to answer the bill at large upon its merits.
It is. unnecessary to state the evidence inthe case; because our opinion is f6unded upon considerations, independent of the facts which that evidence was intended to prove.
We shall forbear also from any expression of opinion upon some of the topics discussed at the bar; because, whilst they are important in their character, they have no bearing upon the principles 0nwhich our judgment proceeds.
We will now very briefly state them, and the conclusions which necessarily flow from them. The compact made in the year 1785, between Virginia and Maryland, was made by the two states, in their character as states. The citizens, individually, of both commonwealths, were subject to all the obligations imposed, and entitled to all the benefits conferred by that compact. But the citizens as such, individually, were in no just sense the parties to it: those parties were the two states; of which they were citizens. The same power which established it, was competent either to annul or to modify it. Virginia arid Maryland, then, if they had retained the portions of territory respectively belonging to them on the right -nd left 'banks of the Potomac; could have so far modified this compact as to have agreed to change any or' all of its stipulations. They could, by their joint will, have made any impi ovement which they chose5 either by canals al6g the margin of the river, or by bridges or aqueducts across it, or in-any other manner whatsoever
When they ceded to congress the portions of.their territory, embracing the Potomac river, within their limits, whatq6ever the legislatures of Virginia and Maryland could have done by their joint will, after that. cession could be done by congress; subject only to the limitations imposed by the acts of cession.
We are satisfied, then, that the act of congress, which granted the charter to the Alexandria Canal Company, is in no degree a violation of the compact between the states of Virginia and Maryland, or of

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

97

[City of Georgeto in v. The Alexandria Canal Company, &c] any rights that the citizens of either, or both states, claimed as being derived from it.
Congress then, having the power, authorized the Alexandria Canal Company "to cut canals, erect dams, open, feeders, construct locks, and perform such other works, as they shall judge necessary and expedient, for completing a canal, from the termination or 'other point on the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal, to such place in the town of Alexandria, as the board of directors shall appoint." 'Now, as one of its terminii was authorized to be, either the termination or some other point on the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal, and the.other some place in the town of Alexandria; .and' s the Potomac lies betveen these terminii; the authority to construct an aqueduct was granted" ex necessitate. But, if certainty required-to be made more certain, this is done by the language of the ninth and fourteenth sections of the act of May 26th; 1830, granting the charter; in both of which the term aqueducts is used, in such :a manner as inconte'stably to' prove, that congress considered the power to construct them as given by the charter.
If, then, as we.have said, congress had. power to authorize the construction of an aqueduct across the Potomac; if so having the power, they have given to the Alexandria' Ca nal Company the authority to construct it; and if, in the construction, that company has not exceeded the authority given them, ither in the thing done, or in the manner of doing it, §o as to proluce the least injury or inconvenience practicable, consistently with the execution of the work; it would be difficult, as a legal proposition, to predicate of such a work,that it was unlawful, or that it was a nuisance; so as to justify a court in interfering to prevent its progress towards completion.
It is unnecessary, however, to prosecute this inquiry, because there is a view of this subject which we think-decisive of the case.
Were it even admitted that the Canal Company had exceeded the authority under which they are acting, nevertheless, as the Potomac river is a navigable stream, a part of the jus publicum, any obstruction to its navigation would, upon the most established principles, be what is declared by law to be a public nuisance. A public nuisance being the subject of criminal jurisdiction, the ordirnary and regular proceeding at law is by indictment or information, by which the nuisan~ce may be abated; and the person who caused it may be punished. If any particular individual shall have sustained special
VOL. XII.-N

SUPREME COURT,
[City of Georgetown v. The Alexandria Canal Company, &c.]
damage from the erection: of it, he may maintain a private action for such special'damage; because to that extent he has sufflred beyond his portion of injury, in common with the community at large. 5th, Iac. Abridg..Nuisance, B. p. 51. 2d Lord Raym. 1163.
Besides this remedy at law, it is now settled, that a court.of equity may take jurisdiction in cases of public nuisance, by an information filed by the attorney general. This jurisdiction seems to have been acted 'on with reat caution and hesitancy. Thus, it is said by the, Chancellor, in iSt Vesey, 217, that the instances of the interposisition of the court were confined. and rare. He referred, as to the principal authority on the subject, to what had Leen done in the cour't of exchequer, upon the discussion of the right of the, attorney general by some species of information, to seek on the equitable side of the court,;relief as to nuisance, and preventive relief.
Chancellor Kent in 2d John. Chan. 382, remarks, that the equity jurisdiction, in cases of public nuisance, in the only cases in which it had been exercised, that i*, in cases of encroachment on the king's soil, had lain dormant for a century and a half;' that is, from Charles I. down to the year 1795.
Yet the jurisdiction has been finally sustained; upon the principle that equity can gie more adequate 'and complete relief, than can be obtained at law. Whilst, therefore, it is admitted by all that it is confessedly one of d'licacy; and 'accordingly, the instartices of its exercise are rare, yet it may be exercised in those cases ii which there is imminent danger of irreparable mischief before the tardiness of the law could reach it.
The court of'equity, also, pursuing the analogy of the law, that a ,party may maintain a private action for special damage, even in case of a public nuisance, will now take jurisdiction in case of apublic nui-ance, at the instance of a private person; where he is in imminent danger of suffering a special injury, for which, under the circumstances of the case, the law would not afford an adequate remedy. Amongst other cases, this doctrine is laid down in the case of Crowder v. Tinkler, 19 Vesey, 616. In that 'case, p. 622, the chancellor says, "Upon the question of jurisdiction, if the subject was represented as a mere public nuisance, I could not interfere in this case, as the attorney general is not a party; and if he was a party upon the dicta, unless it was clearly a public nuisance generally, the court would not interpose by injunction Until it-had been tried at law. The complaint is, theiefore. to be considered as of not

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

99

,tCity of Georgetown v. The Alexandria Canal Company, &c.]
a public nuisance simply; but what, being so in its nature, is atended with extreme probability of irreparable injury to the property ,of the plaintiffs, including, also, danger to their existence; and. on such a case, clearly established, I do not hesitate to say an injunction would
be: granted." The principle is Also distinctly asserted: and acted on by Chancel-
lor Kent, in the case of Corning and others v. Lowerre, :6 John. Chan. 439. In that case1 ,a bill was filed 'fo an injunction to restrain the defendant from obstructing Vestry street, in the city of' New
York, and averring that be wa building a house upon,that street, to the great injury of the plaintiffs, as owners of lots on and adjoining that' street' and that Vestry street. had been laid out, regulated and
pave'd, for about twenty years. The injunction was granted: the Chancellor said, that here was: a
special grievance to the plaintiffs, affecting the enjoyment of their property and the value of it. The obstruction was not only a common or ublic nuisance, 'but Worked, a special injury to the plaintiffs.
The principle then, is, that in case of a public nuisance, where a bill is filed by a private person, asking for relief by way of preVention, the plaintiff cannot maintain a stand in a'court of equity; unless he avers a- j proves some special injury.
With this principle as our guide, let us now examine the pretensions of the appellants in this case. Who are they? Not,, indee,, a private person, but a corporation. They profess to come into court for themselves, and for the citizens of Georgetown. Now, it is not even pretended that, in their character of,a corporation only, they have any power or authority given to them by t6eir charter; to take care of, protect, and vindicate, in a court of justice, the,rights of' the citizens ofr the town, in the enjoyment of their property, or in removing or preventing any annoyance to it. Nor does such a power attach to them in their corporate character, upon any principle, of the law in 'relation to corporations. The complainants, then, must, as in the case'f private persons, to. maintain their position in a court of equity for relief against a public nuisance, have averred and proved, that they were the owners of property liable to be affected by the nuisance, and that, in point of fact, were so affected, so as that they thereby bad suffered a special damage. Now, there is no such averment in this bill The appellants seem to have proceeded on the idea, that it. appertained 'to them, as the corporate authority in

SUPREME COURT.
-[City of Georgetown v. The Alexandria Canal Company,, &c.]
Georgetown, to take care of and protect the interests of the citizens. In this idea we think they were in error; and that they cannot, upon any principle of law, be recognised as parties competent in court to represent the interests of the citizens of Georgetown. Nor is the difficulty obviated by associating with them the citizens of Georgetown,:as persons in whose behalf they sue. There are indeed cases, in which it is competent for some persons to come into a court of equity, as plaintiffs for themselves and others, having similar interests: such is the familiar example of what is called a creditors" bill. But in that, and all other cases of a like kind, the persons, who by name, bring the suit, and constitute the parties on the record, have themselves an interest in the subject matter, which enables them to sue, and the others are treated as a kind of co-plaintiffs with those named, although they themselves are not named; but in this case, it has been already said, that the appellants have no such interest as enables them to sue in their own name, and consequently the whole analogy failS. Moreover, if the citizens of Georgetown were even parties, on the record; the objection would equally lie against them, unless they could show a special damage as a ground to stand upon.
With these views, we are of opinion that the decree of the court below, dismissing the appellants' bill, is correct; it is therefore affirmed, with costs.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record fr6m the circuit court of the United States for the District of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington, and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, it isdecreed and ordered by this Court, that the decree of the said circuit court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs.

SUPREME COURT.
THE UNITED STATES V. ZEPHANIAH KINGSLEY.
A grant for land in Florida by Governor Coppinger, on condition that the grantee build a mill within a period fixed in the grant, declared to be void; the grantee not having performed the condition, or shown sufficient cause for, its non-performance.
Under the Florida. treaty, grants of land made before the 24th January, 1818, by his catholic majesty, or by' his lawful authorities, stand ratified and confirmed to the same extent that the same grants would be valid if Florida had remained under the dominion of Spain; and the owners of conditional grants, who have been prevented from fulfilling all the conditions of their grants, have time by the treaty extended to them 'to complete such conditions. That time, as Was declared by this Court in Arredondo's case, '6 Peters, 748, began to run in regard to individual rights from the ratification of the treaty; and the treaty declares, if the conditions are not complied with, within the.terms limited in the grant, that the grants shall be null and void.
In the construction of the Florida treaty, it is admitted that the United States succeeds to all those equitable obligations which we are to suppose would have influenced his catholic majesty' to secure their property to his subjects, and which would have been applied by him in the construction'of a conditional grant, to make it absolute; and further, that the United States must maintain the rights of property under it, by applyifig the laws and customs by which those rights were secured, before Florida was ceded; or by which an inchoate right of property would, by those laws and customs, have been'adjudicated by the Spanish authority to have become a perfect right.
The capes decided by the Court relative to grants of land in Florida, reviewed and affirmed.
ON appeal from the superior court of East Florida.
In the district court of East Florida, in April, 1829, Zephaniah Kingsley presented a petition, claiming title to a tract of land'situated on a creek emptying into the river St., John; which, he asserted was granted to him by Governor Coppinger, on the 20th of November, 1816, while East Florida was held by the crown of Spain.
The petition stated,.that in virtue of the grant, the petitioner had, soon after its date, entered and taken possession of the land, and was preparing to build a water saw-mill thereon, according to the condition of the grant; but was deterred therefrom by the disturbed state of that part of the province of East Florida, and the occupancy of the 'land by some of the tribes 9f Florida Indians, who were wandering in all directions over the country.

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[United States v. Kingsley.]
The grant-referred to in the petition, was in the following terms: "Considering the advantage and u~tility which is to accrue to the province, if that is effected which Don Zephaniah Kingsley proposes to do, it is hereby granted to him, that, without prejudice of a third party, he may build a water saw-mill in that creek, of the river St. John called M'Girt's;' under the precise condition, however, that until he builds said mill, this grant will be considered null and void; and when the event takes place, then, in order that he may not suffer by the expensive preparations he is making, he will have the faculty of using the pines comprehended within the square of five miles, which he solicits for the supply of said saw-mill; and no other person will have a right to take any thing from it. Let the corresponding certificate be issued to him from the secrctary's office.
"COPPINGER." The district attorney of the United States, for East Florida, filed, at May term, 1829, an answer to the petition of Zephaniah Kingsley, requiring from the court that due proof should be made by the petitioner, of the matters'set forth in the petition; and also that the grantee had prepared to build a water saw-mill on the land, as
stated in the grant. The answer also asserts, that the grant was made on the express
condition, that, until the grantee built the mill, the grant was to be considered as null and void; and that he had wholly and entirely
failed to build the mill, and still fails to build the same. O~n the 6th July, 1833, an amended petition was filed, setting forth;
that, upon the state and condition of the province of East Florida, east of the St. John's, being made known by the grantees of mill grants, and of the impossibility of complying with the conditions of the grants; governor Coppihger, by a verbal order or decree, made known that in consequence of the continued unsettled and disturbed state of the province, and of the impossibility of the grantees of mill grants complying with the conditions of the same with safety to themselves or their property, that the grantees should not, by a failure to erect their mills, thereby forfeit their title.; but that the same should remain valid, and be exonerated from the compliance of the condition therein named, till the state of the country should be such as that the grantees could, with safety, erect their works.
The amended petition alleged, that the country was in a disturbed and dangerous state, from the date of the petitioner's grant, and for a long time previous, till the transfer of the province from

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Kingsley.] Spain to the United States; and that your petitioner could not, with any safety to himself or his property, have erected said mill west of the St. John's, between the time of the date of his grant, and the transfer, of the province as aforesaid.
To this amended petition the district attorney answered, and called for proofs of the allegatiolis therein; and he also submitted to the courty thatif the part of the province in which the land said to have been granted, had continued in a disturbed situation from indian hostilities, it had been in that situation when the grant was made; and that this should not be an excuse for the non-compliance with the conditions of the grant. The answer alleged, that from 1821, part of the province has been entirely tranquil, but no attempt toerect the mill has been made.
At July tNrm, 183,,a second amendment to the petition was filed, stating that soon after th6 issuing of the grant, the petitioner entered and took possession of a tract of the land surveyed to him under the grant, and actually began to build a mill upon it; but was deterred, by the dangerous situation of the country, from completing the same. The answer of the district attorhey denied the allegations in this petition, _and called for proofs of,the same. No evidence wa§ given to sustain the statement in the second amended petition. The assertion, that the uncertainty as to titles to the lands in the province since the transfer by Spain, is denied to be an excuse for the laches or negligence of the grantee.
After 'the production of written evidence, and the examination of witnesseA, the district court gave a decree in favour of the petitioner; confirming to hir the quantity of land mentioned in the grant. From this decree, the United States prosecuted an appeal to this Court.
The case was argued by ,Mr. Butler, attorney general for the United States. No counsel appeared for the appellee.
Mr. Bufler contended that the grant to the appellee was on condition, and the condition had not been complied with. The language of the grant is explicit; and no- title to the land could be derived under it, until the terms were complied with': " Until ie builds said mill, this grant will be considered null and void; and when that event iakes place, 'then in order that he may not suffer by the expensive prejiarations he is making. he will have the faculty of uaing the

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

.479

[Unite4 States v. Kimgs!y.]
pines c6mprehended within the square of five miles, which -he-soi-
Cits for the supply. of said saw-mill."
It is admitted, that according to the decrees of this Court, giving the timber on the land, gives-the land; but in this case, the objection to this confirmation of the appellee's grant, rests on other grounds. No attempt to comply with the condition of the grant was made.
It has been decided by this Court, that although such grants -were on conditions precedent, yet, if a party has commenced making the improvement, and is prevented by circumstances beyond, his control from completing it, the grant, under an equitable view of it, will not be defeated.
The strongbst case in favour of a grantee, is the case of Sibbald, 10 Peters, 313. In that case efforts were made to build the mill, and they were defeated. 'But in the case before the Court no such
efforts were made. The condition is, that within six months the mill shall be built; and the consideration for this grant is the advantage and utility which will accrue to the province from the improvement. The allegation thatthe disturbed situation of the province would not permit the improvement, is of no value; when taken in connection with the circumstance, that when this' grant was asked for, the pro-
vince was in that situation. No proof is in the case ofany attempt; and the second amended petition, in which this is asserted, is alto-
gether unsupported by evidence. The allegation was not made until the decisions of this Court, making an attempt to comply with a condition-in a-grant sufficient to make such grant valid.
But there is another view of this case,'upon which the claim of the petitioner to 'a confirmation of the grant should be refused.
.Governor Coppinger, by a written order, declared that within six months the condition in 'all 'grants should be complied-with. White's Compilation of the Spanish Land Laws, 250, The'six months allowed by the order, expired long before the Florida treaty of cession.

Mr. Justice WAYNE delivered the opinion of the Court: This is an appeal by the United States from a decree of the superior court of the eastern district of Florida, confirming a land claim.
It appears that Zephaniah Kingsley, on the 20th of November,
18116, being then an inhabitant of the province of Florida, petitioned Go'Vernor Coppinger, stating, "that wishing to erect a water sawmill in that creek of the river' St. Johnj called M'Girt's, on a vacant place, and it being necessary for that purpose to have a quantity of

480

SUPREME COURT.

[Uitqd States v. Kingsley.]

ttmber sufficient to supply saidt mill and eglablishment, he supplicates

your excellency to, be pleased to favour , him with your superior

p rmission to build the same on the place aforesaid, with its area of

five miles square of land as the equivalent thereof,, for its continued

supply of timber: bounded soUth-east and south by lands grinted to

Ferguson and Doctor Lake; south-west and west by vacant lands;

north by Don JuaR M'Intosh's land, and east'by 4ads of said Kings-

ley, and the river-St. John."

Upon this petition.the governor made the following decree-:

'Considering the advantage and utility which is to accrueto ihe

province, if that is effected which Don Zephaniah Kingsley proposes

to,do, it is hereby granted to him,that without prejudice of a third

party, he may build a water-mill on that creek of the river St. John,

called M'Girt's; under the precise, condition however, that until he

builds said nill, this grant will be considered null -and void: and

when the event takes place', then,,in order that.he may not suffer by-

the expensive preparations he is making, he will have the faculty

of using the pines comprehended within the square of five 'miles,

which he solicits for the supply of said saw-mill; and no other per-

son will have a right to take an- thing from it. Let the corresponid-

nding certificate be issued to hiM from the secretary's office.

"St Augustine,, 2d Dec. 1816."

"COPPINGER.

Upon this decree, the petitioner states, that soon after'the date, of it, he entered upon and took possession of the land granted in the situation mentioned -insaid grant, and was preparing to build a water saw-mill, agreeably to'the.cand'tion of the grantq but was deterred therefrom by,the disturbed state of that part of the province of East. Florida, and the occupancy of the land by some of the tribes of Florida Indians, who were 'then wandering in all directions over the, courtry. 'The appellee then insists that his right to the land is embraced by the treaty between Spain, and the United States; -gives a narrative of his' submission qf his clainm to the hoard of commissioners, under the act of, congress, entitled "an -act amending-and -supplementary to an act for ascertaining claims and' titles to land, in the territory of Florida, and to provide for the survey-and disposal of the public lands in Florida," passed 3d March, 1823; that the commissioners reported unfavourably upon it, which. he insists was contrary to the law and evidence produced in the cause: and further, that the report of the conimissioners upon his claim was not final, as the tract of land claimed by him, contains a largerquantity than the

JANUARY, TERM, 188.
[United States v. Kingsley.]commissioners were authorized to decide tipon by any of the acts of congress.
The petition of the appellee, of which an abstract has been just given, was filed on the 21stApril, 1829. , In" the follbwing month, the United States, by the United States' attorney, filed an answer to this petition, denying, for sundry causes and, reasons, the entire, existence and equity of the appellee's claim: ind in August of the elisuing year, the United States' attorney amended. his answer, referring to certain orders of' governor Coppinger, dated the 27th October, 1818, and on the 19th January, 1819: the, first of which limits the time to six months from the 27th October, 1818, within which all grants and concessions of land Which had been made on,condition for mechanical works, to wit, factories, saw-millsj &c., were to re, vert to -the class of public lands, and to be declared vacant; unless the grantees, or concessioners, should comply with the conditions of
such grants or concessions; and the second of which. declares all such conditional grants or concessioi.s null and of no effect, in those cases where th persons 'in,, whose' favour they were mader had remained inactive, having done nothing to advance the establishment-of those works. See White's Cpntpilation, 250, 25S, 256; 257, for these orders.
The United States' attorney alleges -the appellee to be one of those persons whose supposed concession was null and void under the first order; and that itwas entirely annulled and set aside by the last, as he had not then, nor had npt since established or advanced, inany manner, the building of his mill, but had wholly failerd and neglebted to do so. To this answer, the appellee put inaa general replication; and the cause came, by regular continuance, to the term of the court in Novejnber, 1832, when permission. was given to the appellee to amend his petition.. In July, 1843, he filed the amendment, stating that the disturbe, and da_ gerous condition of the province west of the St. Johins river, which continued'frcm 1812 to the exchange of flags, had induced Governor Coppipgev to declare, by a verbal order, and decree, that the unsettled.and disturbed state of the province, and' the impossibility of the grantees of mill-grants to comply with the :conditions of the same, with safety to themselves and their .property,. that th grantees should hot, by a failure to erect their mills, forfeit their' titles.
Of the existence, however, of aby such modification of the conVOL. Xll.-- P

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Kingsley.]
-dition of such grants, by any verbal oider an4 decree, the appellee gave no proof on the trial of this cause.
In the amendment of the appellee's petition, the United States' counsel replies, denying the-existence of any such verbal order and decree by Governor Coppinger; and otating, that if there was any such danger from the disturbed condition of the province, as the appellee had alleged, that it existed as well at the time when he applied for the grant, and when he accepted the same, as at any time afterwards. In this. state of the pleadings, the cause was brought to trial, -as well upon the evidence on the part of the United States, as upon the part of. the appellee,; but was -not then decided, At the July term of 18.35, the appellee filed, by permission of the court, another amendment to his petition, in which, after reciting the surveys made under the decrees ot the governor upon his petition, he further says, that soon after the, grant was made to him,,he took possession of the land,:and actually began to build a water saw-mill on M'Girt's creek, pursuant to the condition of the grant; but that he was deterred and prevented from completing the same by the disturbed and dangerous state of the country, which continued until the cession of Florida by Spain to the United States. And after that cession, he states he Was deterred' from proceeding, to the further performance of the conditions of said grant, by the great uncertainty in which his right and title to said land Was involved by-said cession. To this amendment of the petition the United States' attorney replied, repeating the facts and objections to the claim of the appellee made in his previous answers; and further insisting that tne surveys, upon which the appellee relied, were made after the 24th of January, 1818, and- nre not agreeable to the calls of the said supposed grant: and that they are null and void by the provision of the latter clause of the 8th article of the treaty between Spain and the United States, of the 22d February, 1819.
Upon these pleadings and the evidence, the' court has decreed the appellee s claim to be Valid; thai it isin accordance with .the laws and customs of Spain; and under and by virtue of the late treaty with Spain; and under and by virtue of the laws of nations, and of the United States.
We think differently rpm .the, court upon all the grounds 'stated in the decree. They open a Wide subject of remark; but-we abstain from discussing any qf them, except the application. of the treaty to this claim, or of the laws and customs of Spain. These points we shall ouch very briefly. We first, observe, that .no

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

483

[United States v. Kingsley.]
case of a land claim .nFlorida, confirmed by this Court under the treaty, either in terms, or by necessary inference from what the Court has said, covers this case. We view this claim under the decree of Governor Coppinger, as a permission to enter upon the land designated in the petition and decree, in which land the appellee did not and could not acquire property, or even inchoate title;osuch as embraced in the 8th article'of the treaty, or by this Court's construction of it, until he had, in good faith, prepared to execute the condition which the appellee held out as the inducement to obtain a grant: or in Other words, we think the decree of. the governor contails a condition precedent, to be performed by the appellee befoi'e the grant could take effect. In this case the appellee never attempted to perform the condition: there is no proof of his having done so in good faith, by the expenditure of money or application of labour. On the contrary, there are, in the original petition of the appellee to the court bolow, and in all the subsequent. amendments of -it,from 1829
to 1833, his declarations that-he had not done so, until the amendment made in 1835; when he states, for the first time, that he actually began to build a water saw-mill, according to the conditions of the grant a short time after it was:-made, but that he was prevented from completing it by the disturbed and dangerous condition of the
country. The only proof given by him 'of his having actually began to
build, is very equivocal, and should have been rejected by the court, on the ground of its being hearsay; except so much of it as relates to the remains of some work or mill-dam, which of 'itself could not be evidence, until, by other proof, the appellee had established the fact of such w6tk having been done by himself, as the witness testifying, says expressly that it was only from hearsay that he had said that work was done by the appellee. The witness says, he does not know of his own knowledge that the appellee ever made any attemptor preparations for building a saw-mill on said mill seat tract, but that he had seen timber on the said tract;' was told it was got by Kingsley for the purpose of building a saw-mill; that he afterwards
saw a dam had been erected on each side of the stream, in the bottom of the stream saw timbers laid, as witness supposed, for the sills 'of a- saw-mill; that he only knows from hearsay, that said prepara-
tions were made by Kingsley; that a part of the preparations are still remainil)g, and to be seen on said tract; that he first saw the timber abovementioned, in the year 1817 or 181,8, and shortly after saw

SUPREME COURT.
[United States v. Kingsley.]
the dam and sills aforesaid; that thesad timber was mostly destroyed by fire. And by the record we are left to conclude that these works were made by Kingsley, without any, even probable proof that he had at any time taken possession of'the land. We cannot do so; and-if we could, it would be deemed by us no compliance with the condition contained in the governor's devree or concession in his favour, as the' Work Was discontinued for an insufficient cause,,that was, the disturbed anddangerous condition of the country. All the witnesses concur in stating there was' no more danger after the appelle6 petitioned for the land, than there hat been before and at tho time of his application. The appellee .then cannot be perthitted to urge as an,excuse, in fact or in law, for. not complying with his undertaking, a dangerwhich applies as forcibly to repudiate the sincerity of his intention.to build a mill when .hepetitiqned for land for that purpose, as it does to his inability from stidh. dapger to execute it afterwards. Un'der the treaty, it is true that grants of land made before the 24th January, 1818j by his "catholicmajesty, or by his lawful authorities, stand ratified and confirmed, to the same extent that the same grants.would be valid, if Florida. had remained under the dominion of Spain; and the owners of conditional grants, who have been prevented, by the circumstances 'of the Spanish nation, from fulfilling all the conditions of their grarats, have time by the treaty, extended to them to complete such 'conditions. That time, it was determined by this Court, in Arredondo's oase, 6 Peters) 748, 749i began to run, in regard to individual rights, from the ratification of the treaty; and the treaty declares, if the conditions are not complied with within the terms limited in the grants, that the grants shall be null and void. It is admitted, that in the construction of this afticle of the treaty the United States succeeds to all tfiose equitable obligations which we Are to suppose would have influenced his catholic majesty to secure to his subjects their property; and which would have been applied by him in the construction of a conditional grant to make it absolute. And further, in the construction of this article of the treaty, it must be conceded that the United States must maintain the rights of pr9perty under it, by applying the laws and customs by which those rights were secured before Florida was ceded or by which an inchoate right of property would, by laws and customs, have been adjudicated by Spanish authority, to. have become a perfect right; by applying, in the first instance, in such cases, as was said in Arredondo's case, the principles of justice

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[United States v. Kingsley.] according to the rules of equity; and in the second, all those laws and customs decisive of a right of property, whilst the party claiming the right was a subject of Spain. Test then the case before us by the most liberal' equity, and it will appear that the claimn of the appellee cannot be sustained by any effort by him to perform the condition of the governor's grant; either before the ratification of the. treaty, or since. indeed. in the last amendment of his petition, in 1835, he states he was prevented from proceeding to the further performance of the condition of said grant, by the great uncertainty in which his tight and title to the land was involved by the cession.
These Florida grants, or concessions of land upon condition, have been repeatedly confir, ed by this Court; and it will apply the principles of its adjudications to all cases of 'a like kind. It will, as it has done, liberally construe a performance of conditions precedent or subsequent, in such grants. It has not, nor will it apply in the construction of such conditions in such cases, the rules of the' common law. But this Court cannot say a condition wholly unperformed, without strong proof of sulicient cause to prevent it, does not defeat all right of property in land, under such a decree as the appellee in this case makes the foundation of his claim.
Arredondo's grant, confirmed by this Court, 6 Peters,.was a clear case of a grant in fee for past services and commendable loyalty to his sovereign, with a condition subsequent, of a nature the perforniance of which must have been a matter of indifference as well to the king of Spain as to the United States, after a cession of Florida was made. The condition was, that the grantees should establish on. the land two hundred Spanish families, and that they were to begin to carry into effect the establishment within three years from the date of the grant: and there was no time limited for its completion. This Court said, in that case, 6 Peters, 745: " From the evidence returned with the record, we are abundantly satisfied that the establishment was commenced within the time required, which appears to have been extended for one year beyond that limited in the grant;) and in a manner which, considering the state of that country, as appears by the evidence, we must consider as a performance of that part of the condition."
The case of Segui, 10 Peters, 306, was a grant in consideration of services to the Spanish government, and for erecting machinery for the purpose of sawing timber. That grant was confirmed by this Court,, upon the ground that the governor considered the services

486

.SUPREME COURT,

[United Staies v. Kingsley.] of Segai a sufficient consideration, and made the' grant absolute. Seton's case, 9 Peters, 311, was a decree or permission of the governor, in all particulars like that now before us; and Seton's right
to the survey which has be n made, and to the equivalent quantity to make up the extent of the original cotcession, was confirmed by this Court; upon the positive proof that Seton had built his mill in a year after the date of the decree upon which, he claimed. Sibbald's case, 9 Peters, 313, another like Seton's and that before, the Court, were' confirmied.by this Court, upon the ground tbatSibbald had per-' formed the condition according to the rules of equity which govern these cases. Sibbald, in good faith, and. within a reasonable time after the'decree in his favour', began to build his mill; .expended five thousand dollars towards it; had his horses aind negroes stolen while the mill was b'ilding; his milldam carried away by a freshet, in the
absence of his millwright, who was in pursuit of the stolen ptoperty; rebuilt his mill in 1827,. which.was destroyed by fire the same year; and the year after, built again another mill of twenty-horse power, which could saw twenty thousand feet of lumber a day,
It remains only for.us to 'say a word concerning the 19ws and.customs of Spain, supposed by the learned judge in the court below, ,;pplicable to the confirmation of" this claim under the treaty. The
fact that no instance is known of-land so decreed havihg reverted to'
the class'of public lands, for the non-performance of the condition,
does not prove a custom; unless a current of cases can be shown ir which claimants have held the land without performance. 'Besides, the existence of any such'custom is 'disproved by the decree for the land itself; by the: subsequent decrees of the Spanish governor, declaring lknds, granted upon condition would be null and void within a certain time, if the conditions were not. performed; and by'the treaty itself, Which stipulatesfor the performance of conditions.with-. in terms efter the trepty was made, contained in, the grants- a'nd which is recognised by this Court by its decision, that the time given only begins to run Against'indiviUdl rights, from the date of the
'ratification.' As to the laws of Spain, supposed to. aid the case, we remark,-it being conceded that -the governor had authority to make grants and concessions, and to give permission to persons to enter upon lands upon conditions; nothing less than a law dispensing with the 'performance of them, or. a release of the performance of them by
tw governor, sanctioned by the general royal authority under iwhich he'acted; or a release by royal authority, after grants were made ge-

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

487

[United States v. Kingsley.] neral in its application, or applicable to some particular case or class of cases, can be admitted, proprio vigore, as a release of the obligations upol: grantees to perform the conditions of these grants. It"is not pretended that any such-law or release exists.

Mr. Justice BALDwIN dissented.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the superior court for the eastern district of Florida; and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is tbhe opinion of
this Court, that the petitioner having failed to fulfil the condition of the grant, that the said grant or concession is null and void; aqd that the said petitioner has no right or title to the land. Whereupon, it is now here decreed and ordered by this Court, that the ,decree of, the said superior court in this causi be, and the same is hereby reversed and annulled; and that this cause be, and the sa'me'is hereby remanded to the said superior court, with directions to enter a decree in conformity to the opinion of this Court.

JANUARY TERM, -.s38.

657

THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND

"P)ROVIDENCE PLANTATIONS,

COMPLAINANTS V. THE COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS, DE-

FENDANT.

The Supreme Court has jurisdiction of a bill filed by the state of Rhode Island against the state of Massachusetts, to ascertain and establish the northern boundary between the states, that the rights of sovereignty and jurisdiction be restored and confirme4 to the plaintiffs; and they be quieted in the enjoyment thereof, and their title; and for other and further relief.
Jurisdiction is the power to hear and determine the snbject matter in controversy between parties to a suit; to adjudicate or exercise any judicial power over them.
An objection to jurisdiction, on the ground of exemption from the process of the. court in which the spit is brought, or the manner in which a defendant is brought into it, is waived by appearance and pleading to issue; but when the objection goes to the power of the court over the parties-, or the subject matter, the defendant need not, for he cannot give the plaintiff a better writ, or bill.
The Supreme Court is one of limited and special original jurisdiction. Its action must be confined to the particular cads, controversies, and parties over which, the constitution and laws have authorized it-to act; any proceeding without.the limits prescribed is coram non judice, and its action a nullity. And whether the want or excess of power is objected by a.party, or is apparent' tox the Court, it must surocease its action, or proceed extra-judicially.
The several states of the United States, in their highest sovereign capacity, in the convention of the people thereof, on whom, by the revolution, the prerogative of the crown and the tranpscendent power of parliamnt ddvolved, in a plenitude unimpaired by any act,,and controllable by no authority, adopted the: con'stitution; by
which they respectively made to the United States a graht of judicial power over controversies 'between two, or more states. By the constitution, it vas ordained that this judicial power, i cases where a.state was a party, should be exercised by the Supreme Court, as one of original jirisdiction. The States waived their exemption from judicial power, as,sovereigns by original and inhereit right, by their own grant of itsexercise over themselves in such cases; but which they would not grant to any inferior tribunal. By this grant, this Court has acquired jurisdiction over the parties in this cause, by their own consent and delegated authority as their agent for executing the judicial power of the United States in the 6ases specified. Massachusetts has appeared, submitted to the process.in her legislative capacity; and plead in bar of the plaintiff's action certain matters on,which the judgment of the Court is asked. All doubts as to jurisdiction over the parties are thus at rest, as well by the grant of power by the people, as the submission of the legislature to the process; and calling on the Court to exercise its jurisdiction on the case presented by the bill, plea, and answer. Although the constitution does not in terms extend the judicial power to all controversies between two or more states; yet it in terms excludes noue, whatever may be their nature or subject. This Court, in construing the constitution as t the grants of powers tothe United
VOL. XI.-4 0

655

SUPREME ICOURT.

[The -State of Rhode"Island v. The State.of vassachusetts.] Sttes, and the restrictions upon the states, has ever held, that an exception of any particular cas presupposes that those Which are/not Oxceptid, are embraced within the grant or prohibition: and have laid Itdown as, a general rle, that where no -exception is made in t.erms, none will be made by fnere implication or
construction. Ijathe. construction of the .constitUtidn we must look to the history of fhe.ti'mes, ana
exanine the state of things existing when it was framed and, adopted, to 'ascertain the old law, the mischief, and the remedy.
The bounilary esthblished and fixed by coinpact between nations becomeirconelisive ujon all'the subjects. and p.itizens thereof, and binds their rights; and is to be treated, to all intent&and purposes, as the true 'real, boundary. The cofistraction
of such compact is a juicial question..
Thero'can be bit two 'tniunals,under'the constitution who cair Act on 'the boundarfies of stdtes, the legislkiVo or the judicial.poweT;.the foormer isliniited, in egpres terms', to, asseu~t or dissent where a compact or agredeplent is refered, to thpm by the states; and as the lttter canbe exerciAed'only'by hisOCdurt when a state is a party- the ppwer is here,.or it cannot exist,
This Court exists by a direct grantfrom the people of thdih'judicia 06wir: itIs ex-
eroised by their authority, airtheik agent, sel-tqd by'thesiselves, for'the Od1p0ies spoifled. The -people of the stafpats, they respectively'become ties to the constitution , p v, to the juoicial ,pqWer df*thi Vnited Stateg, jurisdidtion -over themselvep, ,controversies'- between stafs, betWeei ;citizens. of the same 'or dif-
ferent states, .claiming lands Vpiter 'their-.eongidtigfig,,grauts, within dispqted,
territory.
No court acts ilifferently in deriditig oi botindqory.betWoen states, than 'onlinep. between separate tracts of land., Ithereis.niertaity where the line is, if there is a'confusfon of boundarles by the:nature of-interlooeln'z grants, the obliteration of marks, the internixing of ,pss si u4'undler different:propri6tors, thb efectsof aecident,.fiaud, or time, or other k~ihded &auseaiits ca se appropriate ta equity.
An isue at law is-direeted, a cormissiou: of boundary awarded; brl;if thecourtare satisfied' without eitheri they decree Whati and where the bbtindary of a fWim, a ma-
nor, prov.ince , or a stiate, is pid shall 'be.
There is neither the authority Ioflaw .or .reas n'for the positibnAhat boundary betwdern nations or states is, in its naturei, anyl.nore political :question than .any
other subject on which they may contend. 2None'.can he settled without war or treaty whichis by political power; but,"under the old and new centederacy, they could apd can besettled by iacourt constittutd by.themelves-, as tneir o n substituteO, authorized to do thpt for-states, whidh 'stateg dilone could do before.
It has been' contended that this Court cannot proceed in this cause without some process and rule of'decision prescribed appropriate to the case;, but no 4uestions oh process can arise on these pleadings; none is now necessary, as the defendant has appeared and plead,. which plea in itself makes the firsptoint in the cause, without any additional proceeding; that is, whether the plea shall, be allowed, if sufficient inlaw, to bar the complaint, or be overruled, as not beinga bar iA ,law.
though true in fact.
This Court cannot presume that any state which holds prerogative rights for -the good of its citizens, and by the constitution has agteed that those of any' other' state shall enjoy rights, privileges, and immunities in each as itsown,dol would either do wrong, or deny right to a sister staIte or its-citizens, or refuse to sulaiit

JANUARY TERM. 1838.
tThe State of Rhode Island v: The State of Massachusetts.] to those decrees of this Court, rendered pursuant to its own delegated authority; when in a monarchy, its fundamental law declares that such decree exechfes itself:
In thp case of O hnstead, this 'Court expressed its opinion, that if state legislatores may annul the judgments .of the courts of the United States, and the rights thereby acquired, the constitution becomes a solemn mockery, and the natiop is deprived of the means bf enforcing its laws by its own tribunal. 'S6fatal a result mustbe deprecated by all; and the people of every state -must feel a deepinterest in)resisting principles so destructive of the Union, and in averting consequences so fatalto themselves.
ON the 16th of March', 18j2,'the state of Rhode tslan.d, by their sOlicitor, filed a bill against the state of Massachusetts, for the settlemient ,of the boundary between the two states; and moved for a subpoena to be issued,, according td the practice of the Court, in similar cases
"This motion Was held under adv'sement until'the following term; and a. subpoena was awarded and issued on 'the2.d of March, 1833.
This subp brA was returned with service on the 30th July, 1833; and on.the 1,sth January, 1834, the appearance of Mr. Webster was entered foq, the defendants; and, on' his motion, the oause was con tinued with leave to plea, answer, oi demur.
'On the 12th January, 1885, a plea and answer was filed. by Mr. Websteri- and on the 22d of February, 1836, by agredment of counsel; it was'Qrdered' by the Court, that the complainant file a replicaton to the answer of the, defendant, within six months from the last day of January term, 1836, or that the cause shall stand" dismissed.The'-onplainant filed a replication, orr the 18th, of August, 1836; and at the same time? a" notice of intention to move the Court for leave to wittidraw the replication, upon the ground that the rule requiring the same was agreed to'and entered into by mistake."
The bill filed. by the complaillants, set forth the. original charter granted on the third .day of November, 1621, by King James the First,'to the countcil at.Plymouth, for planting, ruling, ordering and governing New Englafid, in America, describing the limits and boundaries of the territory s6, granted. .The grant oir conveyance to the council at Plymouth, of the 19th~of March, 1628, to Sir Henry Rosewell and others, of a .certain tract of land described in the samej 'as "all that part of New England, in America, aforesaid, which lies and extends between a great river there, commonly cdlled.Monomack, alias Merrimac, and a certain other river, there called Charles river, being in the bottom of a certainbay, there commonly called Massachusetts, alias Mattachusetts, alia-s Massatusetts, bay; and, also, all and

660

SUPREME C9URT..

[The -tate of,Rhode Island v. The State of Massaehusetts.] singular those lands and hereditaments; whatsoever, lying within'the space of three English miles on the south, part of the said Charles river,. or of any or every part thereof; and, also, all and singular the lands and hereditaments, whatsoever, lying and -being within the space of three English miles to the southward of the southernmost part of the said bay, called Massachusetts, alias Mattachusetta, alias Massatusetts bay; and,'also, all those.lands and hereditarnents, whatsoever, which lie and be within the space of three EngliSh miles to the Iorthward of the said river, called Monomack, alias Merrimac, or to the north wixrd of'a:ny and every part thereof, and all land s and hereditaments, whatsoever, lying within the limits aforesaid, north and south in latitude and breadth, and in !exigth and longitude of ind within all the breadth aforesaid, throughout the Tyain lands there, from the Atlantic and western sea and ocean on the'east part, to the South sea on the west part." The letters patent df confirmation and grant of Charles the: First, of 4th of.March, 1629, to Sir Honry Rosewell and others, for the lands included in- the charter of James the First; and the deed of the council at Plymouth, to them by the name of "The. Governor and Company of Mattachusetts Bay in New England,'" incorporated by the said letters patent.
The bill further stated that.on the 7th day of June,'1635, the council established at Plymouth foi planting a colony and governing New. England, in America, yielded up and surrendered the charter of James the First, to Charles the First; which surrender was duly and in form accepted. That after the granting of the letters'patent, before set forth, and prior to the. granting, of the letters patent afterwards set forth in the bill to the colony of Rhode Island and' Providence Plantations, the tract of land comprised within the limits of the state of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, had been colonized and settled vith a considerable population by emigra'tion, principally from England and the colony: of the Massachusetts bay; and that the persons who had so, colonized and settled the same, were seised and possessed by purchase and consent of the Indian natives, of certain lands, islands, rivers, harbours and roads, Within said tract. That on the 8th of July, 16.63, King Charles the Second, by letters patent, granted a charter of. inorporationta William Brenton, John Coddington and othersi by the name of "The Governor an Company of the English Colony of Rhode Island, and Providence Plantations in New*England, in America;" and granted and conferred to the corporation, by the letters patent, "all thatpart of

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

661

[The State of Rhode Island v. The State of Massachusetts.]
our doni nions in New Bngland,-in America, containing the Nahanticlk and Nanhygabsett, alias Narragansett, .bay, and countries and parts. adjacent, bounded on the west or westerly to the, middle or channel of a river there, commonly called and known by the name of Pawcatuek, alias Paweawtuck, river; and so alongthe said river as the greater -or middle stream thereof reacheth or lies up into the nhorth country, northward onto the head thereof; -and fromthence, by a straight line drawn due north, until it meets with the south line of the Massachusetts colony; and on the north or northerly by the aforesaid south or southerly line of the Ma3sachu'setts 'colony or plan-' tation; and., extending towards the east or eastwardly three English miles, to the east and north-east of the most eastern and, north-eatern parts of the aforesaid Narragansett bay, as'-the said bay lieth'or extendeth itself from the ocean on the south or southwardly, unto the mouth of the river ihich runneth towards the town of ProVidence; and from thence along the eastwardly side .obrank. of the said river, (higher called by the name of Seacunck river) up.to the falls called Patuckett falls, heing the most westwardly line of Plymouth coloay; and, so from. the said falls, in a straight line due north until it meet with the aforesaid line of the Massachusetts colony, and b'uAnded on the south by the ocean. And, in particular, the lands belonging to the town of Providence, Pawtuxet, Warwick, Nipquaimmacock, alias Pawcatuck, and the rest upon the main land in the tract aforesaid, tugether'with, Rhode Island, Block, Island, and all the rest. of the islands and ba!.ks iathe Narragansett. bay, and ,bordering upon 'the coast of the tract aforesaid, (Fisher Island only excepted,) togethqr with all firm lands, soils,1 grounds, havens, ports; rivers, waters, fishings, mines royal, and all other mines, minerai, precious stones,
quarries, woods, wood grounds, rocks, slates, and all and singular other commodities, jurisdictions, royalties, privileges,. franchises, preheminences, and hereditaments, whatsoever, within the said tract, bounds, lands, and islands, aforesaid, or to them, dr any of them belongirig or in anywise appertaining."
The bill proceeds to state' the cancelling and vacating of the charter to '1 The Governor and Company of Massachusetts bay in New England'," on a scire facias; and afterwards the regrant of the same territory, with other territories known by the name of the colony of Massachusetts Bay and colony of New Plymouth, the provinice of Maine, &c., by King*William and Queen Mary, on the 7th ot

662

SUPREME COURT.

[The State 6f Rhode Island v. The State of Massabhusetts. 'October, 1591i' The description of the territory then granted, so far as the same is important in this case, was the following:
"All that part of .ew England, in America, lying and 'extending .'from -the great river commionly called Monomack, alias Merrinack,
on the north part- and from -three miles northward of the said'-iver to the Atlantic or western sea orocean on the south'-part, and all the lands and -hereditaments, whatsoever, lying within' the limits afore'said,' and-extending as far as the outermost points or, promontories of land called, Cape Cod and Cape Malabar, north. and. south, arid in latitude, breadth, and- inlength. and 'longitude of and within all the breadth and compass aforesaid, throughout the main'land there,.from the said Atlantic or western sea, and ocean on the east, part, towards 'the South sea, or westward, as far. as our colonies of Rhode: Island, Connecticut, and' the Narragansett country.: And,'.algo, al that part 'and portioii of main land, beginning at the entrance of PiscataWay harbour, and sa to pass up the same into the river of Newichwannook, and through the same into the' furthest head thereof, and from thence north-westward, till one hundred and twenty miles -be finished, and from Piscataway',harbour month, aforesaid,.'iorth-eastward, along the sea coast to Sagadehock;'and from the period of one hunddd and twenty miles,'aforesaid, to cross over larid to the one hundred and twenty miles before reckoned up into the- land 'from Piscataway harb ur, 'thrdugh'Newichwannock 'river; and also the north half of the Isles. of Shoals, t9gether with the Isles of Capawock and Nan-
tuckett, near Cape' Cod aforesaid; 'and also the lands hnd" hereditaments lyihg. and being in the country or territory co mmonly calle4 Aceada, or Nova Scotia; and'all: those lands afidhereditaments lying and extending between the said country or territory of' Nova Scotia and the said river of Sagadehock, or any part thereof."
The bill' statea, that"the province of'Massachusetts and the colony ,'.ofRhod6 IsIand.'and Providence Plartations, thus established, con-
tinued tunder the charters and letters patent until July 4, 1776, when. With their sister colonies they became independent states. The-bill alleges the. dividing boundary line, under the letters patent anAcharter to the coloni of Rhode Island and Prd'idence Plantations and
Massachusetts, ta have 'been ' a line' drawn: east and.west three English miles south .ofthe river called Charles river, or of any or every. part theredf.? That forsome years after the granting of the charter .t.o Rhode Island, the lands included 'iii the colpny-adjoining 'Massachutsetts, remained wild and uncultivated, and were of little value;

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

689

FThe Statp of Rhode ;Island v. The State of Massachusetts,] that previous: to 1709, the inhabitants of Rhode Island entered on parts of .the land and made improvements; and that, the said northern boundary 'line never having been settled, defined or established, dispute and controversies arose between the inhabitants of the province of .the Massachusetts Bay and of the colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, and between the governments of the saidI province and colony, in relation to the boundary. of said colony.
The bill proceeds to state, that in consequence of various disputes and controversies about the boundary betweer the two colonies, numerous efforts were made to adjtit and settle the same; all of which,
as the bill alleges, were not productive of a satisfactory result to -the colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations; and' to the state of Rhode Island, afterwards established.
These are 'particularly set forth in the bill; an4, the proceedings of the legislattres of Rhode Island 'and Massachusetts .. egiven. at large in the same, with the operations of the commissioners appointed and acting under the authority thereof.- After stating the efforts made by
the two states,, both whilst colonies and after they became indepe.'dent states, for the determinati-R of the line, up to 1.791: alleged to have been abortive 'and without suecess; the bill proceeds to state, 4"'ihat'on or about the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and nine, other commissioners were app6'inted by the-said state of Rhode, Islahd and Providence Plantations and the said state of Massachusetts, for the purpose of ascertaining and settling the said northern linne of the. said state of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations; thaf the ,aid lsL mentioned commissioners respectivelk, continued such commissioners until th year of, our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighteen; and that the said la.t mentioned commissioners had '.-veral meetings, but were never able to-agree upon and settle, and never did agree upon and settle, the said northern line of, the said state of Rhode Islafd and Providence Plantations."
The bill asserts the right of Rhode -Island to the territory in dispute; that Massachusetts is in p6ssession of the same, and ercisex and asserts' sovereignty and jurisdiction over 'the same, under the pretences that the same was included in the grants or charters from the ,crown of England, under the mistaken belief that the line, three miles south of Charles river, (a station having been fixed by Nathaniel 3WodwQrd and Solomon Saffrey, as the point three miles south of Charles river,) actually runs where Massachusetts has assumed it to run; and alleging that the line. as it is; claimed, and has always been

SUPREME COURT,
[The State: of Rhbde Island v. The State of Massachusetts.]
claimed by Massachusetts, was settled and adjusted by the commissioners acting under the authority of the parties respectively.
The bill proceeds to. show the errors of proceedings of 'the com-
missioners acting for the two colonies; and states, "That no'mark, stakeor monument at that time existed, by which the place in which said Woodword and Saifrey, were so as. aforesaid alleged to have set up a stake, could then be ascertained. That the persons who executed, witnessed and consented to the said pretended agreement, did not, nor did any or either of -them, go to any place Where said stake wasalleged to have been set up; nor did they, or any or either of them, make any survey, or cause any survey to be made, or run any line or lines, or cause any line or lines to be run, or take any other means to ascertain at what place, if any, the said stake was set up by said Woodword and Saffrey; nor whether the place in which the said stake was alleged as aforesaid to have been set up by the said Woodword-and Saffrey, was in fact three English miles, and no more, south of the river" called Charles river, or of any or every part thereof; nor whether the spid line, alleged in said pretended agreement to have been run by the said Woodword and Saffrey, was ever in fact run by said Woodword and Saffrey; nor whether said pretended line was the true and proper boundary line between the said province of the Massachusetts Bay on the north, and the said colony of Rhode Island' and Providence Plantations on the south, according to- the true intentand meaning of the grants contained in the respective.
charters or letters patent .aforesaid.!" The bill asserts, that the line designated and run under the agree-
ments, has always been resisted by Rhode Island, while .a colony, and since she became a sovereign state; and that no other boundary than that asserted in. the bill between Rhode Islaiid and Massachusetts,
than that defined, granted and established in and by the- respective Cdihnagrtetors thanedtrlueettaenrsd patent aforesaid herein before set forth, accord-
fair construction thereof, has ever been consent-
ed to, Or admitted to be the true boundary line by the complainants; either while she continued under the royal government, or since she became an independent and sovereign state. The proceedings of Massachusetts are alleged to ".interfere with and prevent the exercise of that jurisdiction and -sovereignty which, by the law of the land and the constitution of theUnion, she is entitled to exercise over the whole tract of land.'mentioned and described in the charter or letters patent granted to the said colony'of Rhode Island and Pro-

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[The State of'Rh ode Island;v. The State of Massaohusetts.]
videne Plantations, and hereinbefore set forth, and ,over the citizens -and inihabitants thereof, according to her claim in this her bill made."
The bill'asks, that inasmucn as the complainants havelno satisfactory relief on the common law side of the Court, "especially as the controversy concerns questions of jurisdiction and sovereignty," that the commonwealth of Massachusetts answer the matters set forth in the bill; and that "the northern boundary line between 'the complainants and the -state of Massachusetts may,,by the order and decree of this honourable Court, be ascertained- and established; and that the rights of jurisdiction and sovereignty of the complainants to the whole tract, of 'land, with the appurtenances mentioned, described and granted in and by the said charter or letters patent to the said colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, hereinbefore set forth, and, running on the north, an east and west line drawn three miles south of the waters of.'said Charles river, or of' any or every part thereof, may be restored and confirmed to the complainants, tand the complainants. may be quieted in the full and free enjoymeit of her jurisdiction and 'sovereignty over the same; and the title, jurisdiction --and sovereignty of the said state of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations over the same be confirmed and established, by the decree of the Court; and that the complainants may have such other and further relief in the premises, as to 'the' Court shall'seem meet and consistent with equity and good conscience.".
",The Plea and Answer of the commonwealth of Massachusetts, to the bill Of complaint of the state of Rhode Island," alleges, that in 164 2 1for the purpose of ascertaining the true' southern boundary line of Massachusetts, a station or monument was erected and fixed at a point south of Charles river, taken and believed to be on the true and real 'boundary line of the colony of Massachusetts; which monumeAt became and has e ver since been Well known and notorious, and then was and ever'since has been called Woodword and Saffrey's station, on Wr.entham Plains: and after.the fixing of said station, and after running of the line aforesaict, and after the granting of the charter of Rhocle Island, and while all the territory north of said station and line was claimed, held, and possessed, and jurisdiction over the same exercised and enjoyed by Massachusetts, as parcel 6f her own territory, about the year 1709,, dispute and controversy having arisen between the two governments respecting the said boundary line.
VOL. XII.--4 P

SUPREME COUR'i.
[The State of Rhode Island v. The State of Massaenusetts.]
persons were appointed, by the government of Rhode Island and by the government of Massachusptts, to settle'the 'nisunderstanding about the line between the colonies; and what the persorms appointed should. agree upon, should be forever after'taken and deemed to be the stated lines and bouinds, so as the agreement be drawn up in writing, and indented, under their hvnds and seals, within six months as aforesaid.
That afterwards, on the 19th January, 1710, the commissioners appointed by the colonies met, and ertered into an -"agveement of the partition line betwixt the colony of Massachusetts and the colony of Rhde Island," by which it was declared: " That the stake set up by Nathaniel Woodword and Solomon Saffrey, skilful approved artists, in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and fortytwo, and since that often renewed, in the latitude of forty-one degrees and fift-y-five minutes, being three English miles distant southward froM the southernmost part of the river called Charles river, agreeable to the letters patent for the Massachusetts province, be accompted and allowed, on both sides, the commencement of the line between the Massachusetts and the' colony of Rhode Island, and to be continuied betwixt the said two governments in such manner as that, after it has proceeded between the said two governments, it may pass over Connecticut river, at or near Bissell's house; as is decyphered in the plan and tract of that line, by Nathaniel.Woodword and Solomon Saffrey."'
By this agreenient, on' a presumption that there .had been error in setting up the station, certain surveys had' been made within the ,line of Massachiasetts, thus ascertained, it. stipulated that there should "be and remain unto the said' town of Providence and inhabitants of the government of Rhode Island and Providence Plantatiqns, a certain tract of land of one mile in breadth, to the northward of the. said llne of Woodword and Saffrey, as before described'and platted, beginning from 'the great river of Pautucket, and so to proceed at the north side of the said patent line, of equal breadth, until it come to the place where Erovidence west line cuts'the said patent line, supposed to contain five thousand acres, be the same more or lessi the soil whereof shall be and remain to, the town of Providence, or others, according to the -diSposition thereof to be made by the government of Rhode Island aforesaid. Nevertheless, to continue and remain within the jurisdiction and government of her majesty's provi .ce of the Massachusetts Bay, any thing in this agreement to the cointrary thereof, or seemingly so, notwithstanding."

JANUARY TERM. 188,
[The State of Rh6de Island v. The State of Magsachidietts.]
The agreement 'ontained other provisions for the preservation of the line, and for 'the ascertaining the surveys made by the inhabitants of Providence within the same; so. that'they might proceed,. with the settlement and improvement thereof.
This agreement was executed under the hands and seals of the commissioners-an& was witnessed by persons on the part of the two
colonies. The plea and answer alleges, that the, whole of the real' anA true
merits of the complainants' supposed cause of action were.fully heard, tried, and determinedhy the judgment and agreement of the commissioners; that the same. was a full-settlement of all the mattefs in controversy, rnd Was made in good -faith; and the station so fixed and established, became matter of common notoriety, and the,line capable of being always known and ascertained.
The answer and plea further states, that, afterwards, on or about June 18th, 1717,to complete the settling and running the line be-
tween the twd governments, the general assembly of Massachusetts passed an order, appointing commissioners, to meet commissioners to .be appointed by Rhode Islan4 to run the line, according to the
agreement of January 19th, 1710. Certain other proceedings on the part of Massachusetts took place, preparatory to the proceedings of'the commissioners; and on the 17th June, 1717, the general assembly of the colony of Rhode Itland and Providence Plantations passed an act, appointing commissioners on the part-of Rhode Island, for the final settlement of the boundary line with the commissioners named'and appointed by Massachusetts. On or 'about the 22d of October, 1718, the, commissioners met, and then made an agreement, which was signod, sealed, executed, and delivered by them, by which it was stipulated and declared : ."That the stake set up by Nathaniel Woodword and Solomon Saffrey, in the year one thousand six hundred- and forty-two, upon Wrentham Plain, be the station or com,mencement to begin the line which shall divide between the two governments aforesaid, from which said stake the dividing line shall
run, so as it may (at Connecticut river).be two miles and a half to the southward of a due west line, allowing the variation of the compass to be nine degrees, which said line shall forever be: and remain to be the dividing line and boundary between the said governments, any former difference, controversy, claim, demand, or challenge whatsoever notwithstanding." And on the twenty-ninth day of the said October last aforesaid, the general assembly of the said colony of

668.

SUPREME COURT.

[The State of Rhode Island V.The State-of Massachusetts], Rhode Island and Providence Plantations accepted the agreement of the said commissioners, and caused the same to be duly recorded; and thereby ratified and confirmed the same.
The answer avers that all this was done in good faith, and with a full'and equal :knowledge of all the circumstances by the respective parties; and that the same has never been annulled, rescinded, or abandoned; and the last agreement was in pursuance of the agreerient of 1709. Afterwards, on the 14th May, 1719, the commissioners on the part of Massachusetts and Rhode Island, signed a rePort, return, and statement of their proceedings, un~der the designation of "The Subscribers, b6ing of the committee appointed and empowered by the govrninents of the province of Massachusetts Bay and the colony, of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations,. for settling the east and weft line between the said governments;'" stating that theyhad met ,atthe stake of Nathaniel Woodword and Solo-
non'Saffrey, on Wrentliam Plain, and had run the line, placing heaps of stones and marking trees to designate the same.
The defendant 'further alleges-" That the said report, return, or statement was afterwards, that is to say, on gr about the sixteenth . ,day of June, in the year of Our Lord one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, approved by the general assembly of the said colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations;" and the defendant alleges, that from the date of the said agreements o the present time, the said commonwealth of Massachusetts has possessed a'ld enjoyed all the, territory, and exercised jurisdiction over the same, north of the said line,'as prescribed in the -said agreements of-October, 1718, without hindrance or molestation; and' the said defendant avers ,that both the, points 'of beginning agreed upon by said parties to said agreement, viz,: the stake or station set up by the said Woodword and .attfrey, and' the line run therefrom to Conneeficut river, then-were, ever since have been, and still are well known 'and, notorions; that the whole boundary line fixed on by.said agreement is precise, definite,.and certain; and that the said defendant has occ'upied 'and exercised jurisdiction, and enjoyed all. rights of sovereignty ·ccordi g tQ the same, from the date thereof to the present timie.
The defendant pleads the agreement of 19th. January, 17J0, and the agreemiet in pursuance and confirmation thereof, of 22d October,-1717; ir d unmolested possession under the same from their date; in-bar of the whole'bill of the complainants; and prays judgment aceordizigly.

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

669

[The State of Rhode Island v. The State of Massachusetts.]
The answer and pleafurther aver, tbqt the agreements stated were made and entered into with full knowledge of all the circumstances in both parties; that the same were a valid and effectual settlement of the''iatters in controversy; -and ,were made and entered ir to .wthout fraud or misrepresentation: and the station settled. there has been notorious, and the line run therefrom has always been known, and its marks and memorials capable of being discerned and renewed.

Mr. Webster, of counsel for tne state of Massachusetts, moved to dismiss the bill. filed by~the state of Rhode.Island, on the ground that the Court had no jurisdiction of the cause.

The, motion was argued by Mr. Austin, the attorney general of the state of Massachusetts, and by Mr. Webster, on the part of the state of Massachusetts; and by Mr. Hazard and Mr.Southard, for the state of Rhode Island.

Mr. Austin, in support of the motion: This is an actiofn by bill on the equity side of the Court,. instituted by the state of Rhode Island against the state of Massachusetts The, bill asserts the claim of Rhode Island to jurisdiction and
sovereignty over a portion of territory, therein particularly described. The territory, so described, comprises between eighty and one.hundred square miles, beiiag a part of six"townships, incorporated under the laws of Massachusetts, with a population of about five thousand persons, at present citizens of that state; and not less than five hundred thousand dollars of taxable property. But the bill makes 'no claim to any right of soil. It does not seek to disturb the. title of the present possessors of the land, whose ancestors probably derived their' title from the grants of the early government, in Massachusetts. it admits that the sovereignty and jurisaiction which it seeks' to acquire, now is, and always, heretofore, from 'the first settlement of the country, have, in .point of fact, been enjoyed and possessed, first by' the colony, afterwards by the province of Massachusetts, and then 'by the state 0f Massachusetts, at the declaration of A merican independence, at the adoption of the constitutibn of the United States, and uninteruptedly to the present time; but avers that the territory over which jurisdiction and sovereignty are now demanded for Rhode Island, was not included within the botindary of the ancient colony of Massachusetts, in 1642, but was contained in the

SUPREME COURT.
[The State of Rhode Isahnd.v.The Stateof Massachudett.,]
description of the limits of' Rhode Island, as established by th .charter. of Charle, the Second, made *to' her as a colony of Great Britain,, in 16.63,;- and by force of, that charter, ought now rightfully to. be enjoyed by her'- but. that Massachusetts wrongfully usurped jurisdiction ano sovereignty over the territory thus laimed,. and now possesses it,.and has always.possessed it without right,
The complainant therefore asks, of this Court,.that the northern bbundary line between the complainant and the state of MAssachusetts, may,, by the order and decree of this honourable Court,. be ascertained and established, and that the rights of jurisdictipn and sovereignty of your complainant, may be restored and, confirmed to the complainant; and your complainant may be quieted-.in the tull and free enjoyment of her.jurisdiction and sovereignty over -the same; "and the title, jurisdiction hnd soVereignty of said state of Rhode Island be confirmed and established by the decree of this honourable Court, and that your complainant maV'have such other and further relief in the premises, as to this honourable Court shall seem meet, and consistent with equity and good conscience."'
Among the allegations of the bill, it appears that.a commission for the establishment of the partition line between the two colonies, was appointed by the i'espectivelocal governments thereof;, and that the commissioners on 19 January, 1710-tl, agreed upon and established. the line, as, it now is,and always before had been Known, possessed ard established, But the complainant seeks for various causes which are in the bill enumerated, to set aside this agreement and adj.,fication'of commissioners, as null and void.
The respondent hat filed a special plea in bar, to the complainant's demand, grounded on the arbitration, award and settlement made by those commissioners; and a constant-and uninterrupted possession under it fo, more than. a century: and- has answered in full all the allegations by which the complainant seeks to vacate this award. And the. respondent well hoped it-would have been the pleasure of Rhode Island to have discussed'the merits and effect of this ancient adjudication; but when her learned counsel, under an order of this -Court to answer the respondent's plea, filed a general replication) they accompanieit the same with-notice of an intention to move to withdraw the same; and have since intimated a desire to change and amend the tenor of the bill, itself. To all this there would be no. other objection but the inconvenience of delay, and the trouble

JANUARY TERM, 1836.
[The State of Rhode Island v. The State of Massachusetts.]
of keeping open, a litigation so, extensive in its operation. To bring the whole matter to a speedier issue, Massachusetts presents only a
single point of her defence.
A motion is now made to dismiss the bill, for want of jurisdiction. In establishing the governmentof the United States, the 3d -article of the constitution, and second section, f rovides that the judicial power shall extend to all cases in law and equity arising upnder this constitution, the laws of the United States, and treaties made, or which'shall be made under their authority; to all cases affecting ambassadors, other public. ministers and consuls; to all' cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction; to controversies to which the Uihited States shall be a party;, to controversies between two or more
states, &c.; inall cases affecting ambassador%,-other public*ministers and consuls, and those in which a state shall be a party, the Supreme Court shall have original jurisdiction.
Whether the subject of the) present suit is a controversy between states, within the meaning of the constitution; and whether, if it be so considered, a law of congress is necessary to the exercise of judicial power by this Court in the premises; and whether, if such law be necessary, any sufficient action has been had by congress to authorize judicial proceedings, arc questions which, under this motion, are to be examined and decided.
In support of the motion to dismiss the bill, it is contended, that this Court has no jurisdiction over the present suit:
1. Because of the character of the respondent, independent bf the
nature of the suit. 2. Becau~e of-the nature of the suit, independent of the character
of the respondefit. If the first of these propositions can be maintained, the result is,
that int-he present state of the law, this Court cannot entertain-jurisdiction over a state of this Union, for any cause. If that may be doubtful, and the second proposition is established; it will result in this, that the subject matter of this suit, being for sovereignty and sovereign rights, is beyohd the'jurisdiction of a judicial court.
To the jurisdiction of a court of the United States in every case; two circumstances aust concur. 1st, The party, or the subject of the suit, must ,beone to whien the judicial power of the government extends, as that power is defirned by the constitutioni; and, 2dly, There. must be some rule of decision, established by the supreme

612

SUPREME COURT.

[The'State of Rhode Island v. The State of Masachusetta.]
power of the country, by the administration of which the right of the parties to the xantter in controversy may be determined.
The governrment of the United States. does not Come by inheritance, or Succ~ssion into any judicial power. In this respect, it is essentially different from all other governments known. in the history of the world. Where a natioui has been established ,by colony; or by :conquest, there was a foundation in the institutions of the parent state, or the victors, on whith its municipal establishments should
be placed. ,Its own domestic arrangements, if it had -any, remained, until changed by paramount authority. Such was the case with the states of this Union, when they ceased-to be colonies, The government of the United States is a new government, beginning with the constitution' Although the. confederation was its prototypev there
was no general government, and certairly no national. or "federal judiciary, untii the constitution had formed one.
The'government of the United'States may, therefore, exercise all, but no more than all the judicial power.. provided for it by the" con-
stitution. The third. article of that instrument- contains a declaration of the
existence and extent of this new power. It ascertains the parties, "the causes, and. the courts for judicial ac!
tion. To a certain extent, it establishes the rule of decision; and, perhaps, this- particular branch of the. inquiry into the jurisdiction Of the Court in this case, will. depend, on ascertaining how far the rule of decision is Carried by the constitution; because, if the party and the controversy, and the rule for deciding the merits of the controversy are, by'the constitution, given to this-Court; -there can be no impediment to its action in this particular.
It is admitted, that by te express words of the constitution the
judicial power of the United States extends to. controversies between two or more states. The party, therefore, may be within the operation of the judicial power; in case such a controversy as is contemplated by the constitution exists with 'one or more states.
Does the term controversies extend to all controversies? It is to be observed, that.the word "all," which is prefixed to the other classes of cases, is here omitted. The judicial power extends to all cases under the laws of the United States; all cases' under the, treaties made, &c.; all cases affecting ambassadors, &c.; all cases of maritime and admiralty.jurisdiction: but its phraseology is changed, and the universality limited by the omission of the word "all,"

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

673

[The-State of Rhode Island v:The State of 4asschuhetts.]
ihen it relates to-controversies tO' which the: United-States shall bt a party, and to controversie4 between two-or more states.- The judicial power, then!, does, not reach..to all possible controversies to which 6the United, States shall be a party, or between .two or, more states.
What are the limitations.? The first are those which, are made by the 6laracter of the tribunal;, and-'are includedin the terms judicial power; 'and. the words "law and .bquity," which precede theenumeration of the iubject matters of jUdiial -cognizance.
Although the government formeip by the constitution, was'a-new government, and took nothing by -s'Uccessioti or custom; the men who framed the constitution were educated to an intimate acquaintance with the judicial institutiorls oftEngland; whose Jaws were, to a great degree, ,the fouridaton of our, own' and 'Whose.language, when used by them in this relation, ratst be 'deemedto have "atechnical meaning.:,
A judicial.po'wer means-there6fore, a power to interpret, and not to -make the.laws; .andthe terms ."law -and equity,,. lave reference to that complicated code of,the miother.couptry; extensive,but niot universal, and limited in its operation by Well settled decisions.
A limitation, on the broad te'ms of the g ~ains tn,ecessarly.im-
-plied in other branches of this power. 'The judicial, power extends to pontroversies. to which the United States shall be a party, and between ' state and foreign states; but it-would be manifestly allsurd, to bring the 'political disputes of the day,,.nullification, abolition, slavery; and the controversies.-which are beginning to arise be. tween states concerning them;'to the decision of ajury trial in a court of law.
It is submltted,'also, that controversies between. state$ must be limited to those which begin with the states in that capacity, and does not extend to the antiquated controversies existing between the colonies, to which the states may or may not' have succeeded, according to circumstances, which- a judicial court can have no means to ascertain.
But the proper mode of considering,this article of the constitution, in relation to the judicial power, is to take the constitution .af a whole, land keep constantly in mind the grand designIand intention of its'framerp; always regarding it as unique, original,.an& consist ent with itself. -The grand object of its framers was to establish a common government for sovereign states, and to have that sove.
VoxXII.-4 Q

S674

SUPREME COURT.

[The State of Rhode Island' v.,The State of Massachusetts.] reignty unimpaired, wherever-it could s9 be left; without impairing the government of the Union. The judicial power of the United States 'is, a power, in this view of 'the case, all or any part of which the government of the United States might exercise, through the appropriate department -which was to be established.
It extends to such controversies between two or more states, as ame properly within the decision .of law and equity, in the' precise sense of those terms, arising between the states,'in virtue of their relation as states;; and to be proceeded with And decided according to the customary, forms of iudicial proceedings; and the established doetrires of known and acknowledged laws. Every state, by Virtueot its soverignty, and every citizen of every state,, by virtue of 'his al:legiance to such state, standS absol~ied from the jurisdiction of the' judicial power of the United States; until the government: of the United States, putting into opergtion so, much of the jodicial.power granted by the constitution as is necessary for the purpose has organized a court, established the Iules of decision, directbd the forms of' its process, and designated the subjects for,.its cognizance; not exceeding, in any of these respects; the power assigned to it bhy the constitution itself.
If, therefore, there is no law regulating the intercourse between the statds of the Union; there is no rule for settling a controversy that may arise between two or more states, by reason of such mter'course. I it then should be admitted that a law covld be made binding the intercourse of states, and that one state miglht sue another state for a breach of such law; yet, until such a law exists, thisQ6turt can entertain no jurisdictiorn, because the state having a, character above or beyond the existing law is. not amenable to any superior; and the Court having no law to expound, cannot.settle .a judicial controversy, depending, as all such controversiem do, on the-question whether the conduct complained of, has, iti the. case presented, (onformed to, or departed from the obligations which are imposed by law.
The positions then, which, to carry out this doctrine, are next to be established, are: that the jurisdiction of this Court in any paiticular case, depends on some adequate legislative provision for the exercise of its powers under the constitution: -and secondly, that in point 6f fact, no law is now in force wNhich operates juuicially on a state of thi.- Union.
A iegislative provision, it is contended, is necessary for two purposes.; first, to regulate the form of process from the citation to the

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

675

[The: State of Rhode Islatd 'v. The State of Massachusett§.]
judgment and execution, without which last, judicial' action is a mere mockery,; and secondly, to establish the law of the case, or the rule of action by which the conduct of the ligitants is to be tried.
In regard to -the'last,which, as the most material, may be first considered, it supposed that no doubt can exist as to the necessity of such law, as a pre-requisite to judicial action. Judges.are to-expound
the law, not to make it. The only pertinent question then is, does any existing law which this Court can, recognise, act upon and regulate the intercourse between the States of this Union ?
It is supposed that when a nation is established, and becomes by revolution or other.wise a member of the family of nations, -it is,.
ipso facto, under the operation of international law. But not only does the doctrine of international law apply to the nation, and not
to the states of our confederacy; but the law itself is not the subject of administration by judicial tribunals, when it operates on communities. Ambassadors are its counsellors; and its argument, the ultima ratio regurn. If the principles of international law are made applicable to individuals in a judicial forum, it is because °the m'unicipal law of the place has incorporated the international law as a part of itself, and administers it by the force of domestic legislation. The constitution may itself establish a rule of decision. It does so in the case of treaties, which are declared 'to be the supreme law of the land; and it provides 'that its own provisions shall be binding on
judges in all the states. Whatever difficulties might be found in a judicial, administration of the constitution or a treaty, between individual'litigants claiming rghts under them, without the aid of a law of congress; they may all be done away without touching this case;
because nothing is claimed by the constitution or any treaty of the United States to show the right of the claimant in the present case, or bind the respondent to any prescribed course of action.
The necessity of:a law.of congress to establish, by direct enact-
nment, or by implication, the code of the United States, has been admhitted by this Court. Martin v. Hunter, 1 Wheat. 329.1 And it is
supposed by the Court, in giving its opinion in that case, that congress was bound to vest in its courts all the judicial power of the
government.
Congress has judged differently, because it has not appropriated
all the judicial power of the government. But the -question here, is not whether congress is wrong in the omission, but whether, in a clear case of omission, this or any court of the United States can

676

SUPREME COURT.

[T.he State of Rhode Island v..The State of Massachuiietts.I
supply the defect.- In a very, early periodof the 'history of this Court, it was supposed that-the states, like individuals, were amenable to its jurisdiction; and under that impression it was intimated in argument, and seemingly sustained, by. the majority of'the, Court, that the moment a Supreme Court is' formed, it is to exercise all the judicial powers vested in it -by the constitution,'whether the legislature have prescribed, methods for- its doing so or- not.% Chisholme's Exr's v. The State of Georgia, 2 Dall. 419; 1 Cond. Rep. 6.
The opinion of the Court was-not unanimqus; and Judge lredell'.s dissenting opinion has become, by the A th article 'of amendment of the constitution, the better authority. It is to be observed, that this amendment does not change the text of*the constitution, That remains the same. The amendment declares that the ju ',itial power shall not be deemed to extend to a case, which, by the ,construction of the Court it bad in the above case been made to reach. It ,is further to be. remarked, that all the- subsequent proceedings of 'this Court in regard to states defendants, have, as- far as they have -proceeded, been fastened to this c6se. 'But the case being overruled by a higher tribunal than even this august-Cdurt, in a mode perfectly legal,,it is submitted that no dictum, and no principle promulgated in it, can have the authority of law.
The necessity of a code' of laws-'for the, government of judicial action being, apparent, congress has attempted to' etablish one. This is done, so far hs it'is done at all, by the judiciary actof 1789.
This statute adopts, iti the 34th'section, the lg.ws of the states asa rule of action 'where they can apply, But as nio law of Massachusetts or Rhode I§lan-d can embrace the respondent in. this particular matter, there is by that section no ruleprescribed for-the'present coritro-
versy: It, has been contended that the' statute aforesaid, taken in cormeq
tion with the constitution itself, established a code mixed and 'miscellaneous, made up of the common law and equity practice of Great Britain, modified by our 'particular institutions, which, sqves as the basis of judicial action-, To a certain, extent, this is undoubtedly so in many, if not all the old states'; but to what extent it is true in regard to the United States, has been a debatable question, and is not yet de" nitely settled.
It is not necessary to settle it in thig case; because, if the common law and chancery law of 'England are in operation here, in
their utmost lttitude and force, they do not, reach 'the respondeat.

JANUARY TERM, 183.

677

[The State of Rhode Island v.The State, of Masaehugetts.] The common law of England takes'no jurisdiction over 'theactions of sovereign -states; Inor, is there any power irr chancery to hold jurisdiction over a sovereign, without his consent..
Such is :the 'mcharacter of the states, respectiyely, of thls Union. This proposition it is not intended to discuss. No inan, who has at all' studied the constitution of the country, ian fail to have his mind riiade up on this point, on the-one side or'the other. - It is main,tained by the respondent, that every American state, is a qualified sotereignty, and 'as such exempted bycommon law, (meaning thereby, the whole judkcial code of the ,country,) froih judicial responsia bility, 'It: is not contended" that a law may not be constitutionally made t9 reach a state. The question under discussion is, whether
the present law extends to ja state. The present la* is.what we term by emninence, and for distinction, the commojp law; and. it is beyond all controversy, that' the cominobh" law'operates on subjects 'only, and not overeigns; 'and upon property; and not :soveteign rights.
If the' constitution authorizes the government of-the Unitpd States to subject a state to judieial process and judgment, the governmhent of the United States may pass' the laws necessary- f6r the" pqrpose. But to declare' what may be done, is -not to declare ,what is done. If congress, for any reason, has stopped short,' the judicial. department is at the same ppinV brought to a stand. If it has adopted the common law, and nothing more, the Court, can- do no more than. the common law. warrants. Jf the common law does not extend its jurisdicti n over a sovereignty, heither can the Court.
'ThedOctrine contended fg:r is that alone which-prevents a suit against the United States ' by every individual who has a demand in dispute. The".cog titution is as unlimited in. regard t6 the United States, as .the states. The. judicial power extends, to controversies towhich the United States shall be a.party. And 'in the'earlier decisions of this Court, it is' maintained that it is the same thing, as regards jitrisdiction, whether the party designated be plaintiff or defendant. 'The state of Massachusetts, instead of 'soliciting congress for an adjustment of its claim, might have instituted a suit in this, Court, obtained if it would a judgment, and levied its execution on a ship of the line, or the arsenal, of the country,
The sovereignty of the United States, carried to .its legitimate consequences, protects it from this extravagant absurdity. But

SUPREME COURT.
[The State of Rhode Island v. The State of Massachus4tts.] Chief Justice Jay, when, in his opinion in the Georgia case he rode over state sovereignties, admitted that the logical conclusion of his argument involved a liability on the part of the United States to a suit at law. He, avoids it, however, by the extraordinary suggestion that " in all cases against states or individual citizens, the national courts are supported in all their legal and constitutional proceedings and judgments by the arm of the executive power of the United States; but in cases of actions against the United States, there is no power which the courts can call to aid:" Georgia case, 2 Dall. 478. What is this but an Abandonnent of duty through fear. It would have been better to adopt the maxim of the English lord chief justie Fiat justitia, ruat ccelum. The better answer is that by the law, as it stands, no action in a judicial court can be maintained against a sovereignty, whether state or national. That the constitution has, in both cases, authorized congress so to frame and pass laws that the judicial power may operate on the one and the other; but until that is dgne, any action of the judiciary would not be to expound the law; of the case, but to make one.
But the United States are sometimes sued. This is in cases of contract, or other similar causes of action,,in which the United States, dealing as a private citizen:with other citizens, consents to come into a court of justice, and submit to the operation and construction of, the laws of the land. The laws of the land reach to contracts. The United States makes a contract; and when it submits, by its own consent, to a suit, admits expressly, that in the. decision the law of contracts shall apply to its case. The United States makes a treaty; and, by the constitution, a treaty is the law of the land. It claims for itself land under that treaty; takes possession, and cannot he ousted by a suit at law, in virtue of its sovereignty. But it waives its sovereignty, and submits its title under the treaty to arbitrament by commissioners, or to a judicial decision in a court of law.
Have the states consented to be sued? Unquestionably the provision of the constitution is their consent tW exactly what that provision contains, but the inquiry is not of consent, but canstruction.
Massachusetts does not propose to take herself out of the constitution, or to withdraw from any of its obligations. She admits, that under certain circumstances she has agreed to waive her sovereignty, arnd submit her controversies to judicial decision; but maintains, that

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[The State of Rhode Island v. The State of Massicluisetts.)
before. sne can be called upon to do this, a court must be established, a law made, or a code propounded, suitable, to the decision of her case; and the forms of process, mode of proceeding, character, Of judgment, and means of enforcing it,be"first~established by legislative authority. But the United States never has submitted its sovereign rights, or its aats in its sovereign capacity, to judicial cognizance, and never can; and the states, as is contended, by agreement to submit theircontroversies to judicial decrees, never intended fo include in.these controversies questions of: sovereign right, .for the regulation of which no law.is made; and no law ever can be made by any other power than themselves, and each one for itself
alone. This view of the case is greatly fortified. by considering, the law
which the complainantdesires this Court to administer. This in, deed may be deemed to belong to the merits of the case' and It does so. But it is also an Pppropriate subject of examination uinder the motion now submitted. One of the grounds of this mdtion' is, that there is no existing law of the country bindirg on these par. tles applicable to the controversy between them, which'this Court can 'administer. This would be exceedingly obvious, if the cotn: plainant had presented hls'title under the bull of Pope Nicholas V,; by.which he divided all the countries to be discovered from Africa to India; or under Alexander VI., in which he divided thre-quartbrs of the habitable globe: Omnes insulas et terras firmas inventus aut inveniendus, detectis et detegendas, &q.
The claim set forth in the bill is; in the judgment of the tkspon-. dent's counsel, equally extra-judicial and 0intenable.
The state of Rhode Island states its claim to be thus: By the charter given to certain persons by Charles tgirst, kinglof England, bearing date the 4th March, 16 8, the colony of Massachusetts was established, with a territory bounded on the south by a line drawn within the space of three English miles, on the south part of "the said river called Charles river, or of any or of every part thereof. That a charter was granted by Charles Second,- on or about 8th July, 1663, establishing the colony of Rhode Island, by ,vhich its northern boundary was defined in these words: -"on the north or northerly, by the aforesaid south or southerly line of MassacLisetts. Colony or Plantation." By these two charters, the boundaries ,of the two colonies were adjacent and conterminous.
That after the vacating of the colony charter of Massachusetts in

680

SUPREME COURT.

[Th1e State Of Rhode Island v. The State of Massachusetts.] 1684, and the granting a province charter in 1691; which, so far qk this matter is concerned, established the same. conterminous boundary by'the same words; the government of Massachusetts, about 1719, wrongfully possessed herself' of a tractof land more southerly than a true line would be' drawn, which should, be run three miles south of the river called Charles river, or- of any and every part thereof,. "and extending the whole length of the north lineof the colony of Rhode Island, being more than twenty miles in length and four miles and fifty-six rods in breadth, in the east end thereof, and more than five miles in breadth 4t the west end 'there6f, and has since continued wrongfully to exercise jurisdiction over the same."
From other parts of the complainant's statement, it is apparent that the true place for -the dividing line was then admitted'by both parties to be that described in the chafter, and that it was drawn and the territory occupied by the province of Ma'ssachusetts on a claim of right; that the place of location was the place designated in the charter. -The possession of. Massachusetts, per fas aut hefas, from that time, isadmitte .
The title of Rhode Island to the premises,- admitting she is right
in the construction of the charter, and the. point from which the boun'dary line should be drawn, (in.which, at a proper time, it will be proved she isi'n great error,) "de.pends on the validity of-.grant by'charter of te British crown,. against an adverse possession of more than one huhdred yearsi firstby a province, and next by a state of the Union; through -all the vicissitudes 6f-war, revolution, and
independence. If, therefore, such a-charter, admitting its existence, gives no title
against an adverse -possession-; and especially, if the declaration of American independence, and the subsequent formation of a federal goyernment,,to be judicially.noticed by this Cburt, have vacated the law, or supposed law, on which the claimant rests its title, and this so plainly, that the charter cannot be inquired of by the Court, but that under the constitution it is bound. by events'subsequent to the declaration of independence, in all that respects' states, because the states were thereby created; then, even under this motion to dismiss for want of jurisdiction, the bill must be dismissed.
Such is' conceived to be the case. The 'state of Massachusetts
makes 1no claim for herself; and admits none for Rhode Island, by force or virtue of any grant, charter, or authority from the British crown. Whatever might have been, in ancient times; the validity

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

681

[TheState of Rhode Island v. The State. of Massachusetts.] of these instruments of .royal power, they ceased, at the declaration of American independence, to have any judicial operation on the great corporations or coloiiies, they had contributed to establish. Massachusetts, when she became a state became so in the integrity of her whole territory, as it was then possessed by her, whenever or however acquired, by.grant, charter, purchase, treaty, or force, of arms, claiming her actual possession as .the ultimate evidence of right, and denying that there then existed, or yet exists, any human tribunal that can -lawfully inquire how or by what means that possession was obtained; or that any authority exists to determine the limits of an original state of the Union, in any other way than by determining whdt it wasde facto, on the 4th July, 1776.
SO far as regards Great Britain and. other foreign nations, the treaty of peace in 1783, settled the exterior boundary of the United States; but in What proportions it-was owned by the thirteen sovereignties, then commencing a political, existence, was to be adjusted by themselves. This adjustment was a matter of agreement then.to be made, or to rest on the fact of possession; which, admitting no higher title, and capable of no higher proof, assumed the right from the exercise of the 'right: and. it would now be as wise to inquire how the seven Saxon kingdoms of Great Britain were established, or"to define the limits of the heptarchy,. as to attempt to decide what constitutes a state of the American Union, beyond the fact that so it was.when the nation was proclaimed independent,,or the confederacy was established 'under the constitutiop
There have been many decisions in this Court affirming the original validity of British grants of land, and of government. It is not proposed to set up any principle militating with these decisions. A careful examination of each of them; will show a distinction sup, porting the doctrine now contended for.
Discovery or conquest are, no doubt, well recognised titles, from which to deduce, ab origine, grants of land, and political government. But these titles carry with them, by their very terms, the idea of possession. The discoverer or the conqueror, is the only person in possession; and by force of his possession so acquired, he establishes a government, marks out a -territory, or conveys title to the soil. The grant is a contract which the grantor cannot vacate; but it was never doubted, although the case has never come into judgment, that it might be surrendered or abandoned by the grantee. But a corporation, and much more a colony so established by the
VOL. XI.--4 R

SUPREME COURT.
[The State of Rhode Island v. The State of Massachusetts,]
right of conquest or discovery, is not a private, but a public, political institution.
To maintain that it was inviolable by the crown, was the doctrine of the patriots of the revolution; but to deny to them the power of abrogating, dissolving, annihilating it, is to bastardize the revolution itself. If the revolution did any thing, it was to Cancel and annul these royal charters; and the. same right of cofiquest, by which the king of England obtained power to make a political government herd, gave to the states th e right to destroy it.
In the Dartmouth College case, Wheaton's Reports, the only impprtant question was, whether the corporation then in question, was a public or private corporation. It was admitted that, in the former case, it was repealable by the state. That a colony was a public institutiorn, and partaking the character of a corporation, is unden able. Indeed, Massachusetts was summoned into chancery as a public corporation, in the year 1684, and judgment rendered to vacate and -annul hek charter. But the revolution, the declaration of independence, the formation of the constitution of the. United State , are acts of higher authority than'the decree of the lord chanceilor. They dissolved the government of the colony, and lhe colony itself.
,The people thereafter claimed and possessed the country by a new title. Sovereign rights were assumed by the states, in their character of public communities, claiming -fibe right of self-government over the soil then 'in their actual possession; and the territory now clairned by Rhode Island, whatever it was before, then was, in fact anid by possession, an integral part of Massachusetts. It was the state, as much as Boston or Salem. All other titles merged, and the charter was-at an end.
Neither can the state of Rhode Island claim' any thing by virtue ofa charter granted to the colony of Rhode Island, by the English -crown. Rhode Island, by her own act of independence, vacated that charter, and remitted herself to her better title- of possession, by which., she now holds the towns of Bristol, Warner, Barrington, Somerset , ,Little Compton, Tiverton, and the fine lands of Mount Hope and Poppy Squash; a territory almost half her actual extent,, and unquestionably belonging to Massachusetts, as part of the original colony of Plymouth,, Which was .united in one colony, Massachusetts, in 1691. Baylie's Plymouth, part 4, p. 50; Morton's Memorial,
480. For the imrossibility of being governed by the cIarters, see

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[The State of Rhode Island v. The State,of Massachusetts.]
Bancroft's list of U. S. 83, 84, 137, 138, 209, 210, 309, 313 364; Mass. 'list. Soc. 1'st vol. 205, 412, 442, 396; 2d vol. 244.
Some questions may be proposed on this subject relating to the rights of the conmplainant under his assumed title, and the supposed obligations to the respondent, which must be answered before this cause can proceed to hearing and judgment.
Can a sovereign state be sued for acts done'in virtue of, or by claim of right in its sovereign capacity? If Massachusetts had marched across the border supposed by Rhode Island to be the true line, and, in a belligerent attitude, taken possession of the disputed territory; is such act within the cognizance of this Court, subjecting the state to action of trespass, quare clausumr fregit?
If such suit is-maintainable, by what law is the action of the Court tobe regulated in cases where the constitution lays dnwn no rule of proceeding, where the subject is not within the scope of any treaty, and is not defined by any statute law of congress?
If a state may be made amenable to a judicial court, is she to be answerablefor the acts of a colony to which she has succeeded'?
If she is suable, has the state sued, the common rights of other defendants, to plead accord and satisfaction, arbitrament and award, title by prescription,.or the bar of any statute or common law limitations ?
If a state takes all the estate and appurtenances of its colony ancestor, to whom it claims to succeed, is it what such colony had in possession when it ceased to exist; or may it lay claim to every thing to which such colony had a paper title, although disseised by the intrusion of some neighbouring state or colony?
If a state claims the rights of its colony ancestor, by what rule of what law are such rights to be ascertained ?
If such rights are of real estate, will such estate pass to the colony in the first instance by deed only, or by livery of seisin ?
If the suit is for sovereignty or sovereign, rights, isthere any title to,such claim but possession ?
If, in the. case of the South American provinces, the United States delayed to acknowledge their independence and nationality, so long as there was a contest about it, and the possession was not secured;, and if such be the principle of the law of nations, is not the same doctrine to prevail whether this sovereignty is claimed for the whole territory, or for a part of the whole ?
But the more significant question remains. Can the allegiance of

684

SUPREME COURT.

[The Statd of Rhode-Island v. The State.of Massachul~etts. ] five thousand Americaii .citizens, natives of4 Mssachusefts, and owing 'her the duties of citizens, or of ont such, be changed by a decree of this Court;- without their consent; without -notice to them to agree or disagree, as if they were serfs on the soil of Russia: because one
hundred and twenty years ago, the prodigal monarch of England put llis signature to a piece of parchment, to gratify the Jvarice or the ambition ofihis courtiers?
The vant of jurisdiction is frther maintained by consideratiotis
applicable-to this matter, arising both before and subsequent to the decision of the controversy.on its supposed merits.
The merits of any case depends on the conformity of a party's conduct tc a previously prescribed rules of law; but, if there be no such rule, there can be no test of Stich merit, and no decision upon them. But, in additiort to this, a question arises on the form of process. By. what rule of law can a state be' brought before this Court, and y whht form of execution, known to the laws, can the
judgment of this Court be carried into effect? It is undeniable that the power to direct the process, to declare
its nature. and effect, and the mode' in which, the judgment of the Court shall be executed, must be prescribed by the legislative de-
partment. This may be done, possibly, by implication or reasonable itiference.
It is certain, no such provision is -made by direct enactment., In the case of New Jersey v. New York, 3 Peters, 461, 4 Peters, 284,
whieie this, matter has beeh considered;' it is admitted, that there is no direct provision of law, but the power to summons is made to rest on an analogy to individual suitors. That of execution is not at all considered by the Court,
j ow,it is contended, that-the original analogy that was supposed to exist between sovereign 'states, and pri'vate citizens, nevef did exist. The 11th article of Amendments to the Constitution has so declared. Before that amendment, and under the 'broad extent of power erroneously assumed by this Court, a state was, indeed, but in, the charater of a private corporation;' and it, might well be thought, on that hypothesis, that the power to try a party -by a known, rule of law, involved the necessity of having the right to bring such party into Court for trial and judgment;. and that such power, as it extended to reach other suitors, might also reach states, between whom and other suitors, as the Court construed the constitution, there was no difference. In the opinion. of 'the dissenting

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[The State of.Rhode Island v. The State of Massacbusetts.]
judge, there .was a difference; and wherf the 1 th amendment altered the constitution, so,that, to a great extent, this difference is established, the consequence seems legitimately to follow, according to the doctrines maintained by the dissentient.
It is now true that states were once deemed mere ordinary suitors, and that the general provisions of the process act, reached states as other suitors, because there was not recognised to be any difference among them. The process 'act reached only ordinaky suitors. States are not now ordinary suitors, and the process acts ste.aching only, to ordinary suitors, do'not reach them.
The power of the courts. of the United States, to issue writs not specially prdvided for, is limited. They are confined to such as are conformable to the principles and usages of law. Judiciary act of 1789.
There are no principles of law, meaning the common law, or the statutes of 'the states, or of congress, that embrace a sovereign state. There is no usage in such cases. On the contrary, the usage Is directly adverse. It holds to the exemption of such parties.
,This difficulty occurred to the compliinants. in 1830, the senator
from Rhode Island, who signed the bill as solicitor, in 1832, introduced into the senate a bill, with minute provisions to remedy the defect. *It did not pass. In 1928, the senators of New Jersey introduced a like, bill to prepare for the controversy of that state with New York. It was not adopted. Every legislator who has been called to consider this subject, has 'admitted the defect of legislation.
2. This Court has no jurisdiction, because of the nature of the suit. It is in its character political,; in the highesi degree political; brought by a sovereignj in that avowed character, for the restitution of sovereignty. The judicial power of the government of the United States, extends, by the constitution, only to cases of law and equity. The terms have relation to, English jurisprudence. Suits of the present kind, are not of the class belonging to law or equity, as administered in England. ' Black. ,Com. 230, 231; 2"Vesey, jr., 56; Nabob of the Carfiatic V. East India Company, 3 Vesey, 424; Barclay v. Russell, 1 Vesey, sr., 444. Penn vi Baltimore; where the agreement, and not the political right, was ,the subject of litigation. See Lord Hardwicke's opinion; New York v.Connecticut, 4 Dall. 4. By the judiciary act of 1789, the jurisdiction,of the Supreme Court of the United States, where a state is a party, is confined to cases "of a civil nature."

SUPREME COURT.
[the State of Rhode Island ii. The State of Massachusetts.]
This qualification was not in contradistinction to criminal cases, for no state could be, prosecuted by another state, as a criminal. It is intended to have -reference to cases not political, or involving questions of sovereign power between states. Yiscart v, Dauchy, 2 Dall. 325. See, also, Drafts of the Constitutioni printed for, the members of the convention, and for their use only, and the successive amendments made, and in manuscript on said printed drafts;, in the collection of the Massachusetts Historical Society.
The complainant has no equity on, his own declaration. It is a
stale demand, in the language of the books; and the fact appearing on the face of the bill, need not be pleaded.. Beckford et al. v, Wade, 17 Vesey, jr.; Story on Equity, see. 1520, and the Notes; Middlecot v. O'Donnell, 1 Ball & Beatty, 166; Hoveden v. Lord Ahinersley, 2 Scho. & Lefroy; Paul v, M'Namara, 14 Vesey, jr., 91; Gifford v. Hart, 1 Scho. & Lefroy, 406. -The court will not permit a party to lay by and wait until the subject of dispute has acquired great value, and become connected withgreat interests and diversified relations.
Again: if the parties are to be treated in this Court as individuals, or private corporations, or even as states with only the rights of pri. vate litigants, then the bill must be dismissed, because, if it seeks an adjustment of boundaries, without claim to the soil; such a cause is no subject of equity jurisdiction. Atkins v. Haton, 2 Anstruther, 386; Fenham v. Herbet, 2 Atkyns, 484; Welby v. Duke of Rutland, 2 Atkyns, 391; Willer v. Smeaton, 1 Bro. Ch. Rep. 572; Bishop of Ely v. Kenrick, Bunbury, 322.
There is no such case in this country, nor in England, for jurisdiction only between towns or countries.
(f the boundary is asdertained, and the defendant has encroached upon the complainant, the right between individuals must be ascertained in an action at common law, and not by bill in chancery; and' the right must, in all cases, be settled at law, before chancery can adjust-the boundaries. See the cases above cited.
The only title, in equity, to which the complainant can appeal, is that by which an equity is administered, not applied to agreements generally, but intended to preserve family honour, and family peace. Let this be applied to the sister states, in the great American family of the nation. It will leave undisturbed and unchanged, what has so remained for more than a century. Storkley v, Storkley, 1 Ves.
&B. 30.

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[The State of Rhode Island v. The State of Massachusetts.] Mr. Hazard, for the state of Rhode Island: The merits of this motion, sir, might have been more satisfactorily examined and discussed by the complainant's counsel, if we could have had the motion, and the specific grounds of it, put into writing, as we were desirous, and- requested that they should be; but without effect. It does appear to me, that a motion which goes to cut off one. of the most important branches of the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, exercised by it from its first establishment, and to deprive a .party in court of the benefit of that jurisdiction, aid of her only remedy for aggravated injuries, (as, she has a right to insist in resisting a motio which would deprive her of a heating,) that such a motion, and the specific grounds of it, ought to be' presented in writing, with precision and fulness, arid with adequate notice of them to the opposite party, to enable him to meet them, and to know what he has to meet. But we are now to answer this motion, verbally made, and to seek for the grounds of it, as-they are scattered through a long and desultory argument; in the course of which, those grounds have taken so many different shapes, that it, is not easy to recognise them for the same, or to reconcile them one with another. This being the case, it "is not surprising that the counsel refused to put the specific grounds of their motion into Writing. I have, however, endeavoured to make myself acquainted with the real question to be decided; and, with permission, will now present such views as I have been able to take of it. Has this Court jurisdiction over the subject matter of, and over the parties to the bill in equity now pending before it? and has, the Court now' power to proceed to the hearing and trial of the cause, and to make a final decree therein? If neither branch of this question can be answered in the negative, there can be no good grounds for the 'present motion; however those grounds mny. be shifted, or multiplied, or repeated. Allow me to consider the first branch of the question. It is evidently purely a constitutional question, arising fnder 'the constitution, and only to be tried and settled by it. Turning, then, tO the constitution, we find it there declared, that the judicial power shall extend "to. controversies be, tween two or more states;" and that in those cases "in which a state shall be a party, the Supreme.Court shall have original jurisdiction." These are the words of the constitution; and this is a controversy between two states; and the state of Massachusetts is a party to it:

688

SUPREME ,COURT.

[the Shtte of Rhodeisland v. The State of Massachusetts.] and the state of RhodeIsland is a party to it; and this controversy is now pending before the Supre'me'Court. But it is contended by the counsel, that although the words of the constitution do embrace this controversy, yet it is not within the- meaning' and intention of that instrument; and that it wai the intention of its framers to exclude such controversies from the jurisdiction of the Cotirt, 'This is dealing with the constitution as Peter, Martin and Jack dealt with their father's will. But as it is the only pretension that could be
set up against the constitutional jurisdiction -of this Court, it is important "forus to inquire, strictly, what was the meaning and intent of the framers of the constitution, in 'this respect? : And heje, fortunately, nothing.is left to conjecture or traditiom The explicit, unequivocal intention of the framers of the constitution upon this subject; is matter of authentic public record. I beg leave-to trace this constitutional provision for preserving harmony among the 4tates, from its origin. Before tWe revolution, all controversies between the colonies or provinces,' concerning boundaries, were cartied up to the' king,'in council, and were by him settled. -There was one such controversy between 'these same parties, Massachusetts and Rhode. Island; and anothedr between Massachusetts and New Hampshire; both of which, were so settled. When' the states asserfed' their independence, that tribunal, of course, was annulled. But the'newtstates felt the necessity of immediately establislhing, in its place, a competent tribunal of their own, with 'full jurisdiction over those dangerous controversies. And this. they did in the articles' of confederation; 'the 'ninth article of which, provides that u congress shall be the last resort, on appeal, in ll disputes and differences now subsisting, or which may hereafter arise, between two or more states, concerning boiindary, jurisdiction, or ;any other cause whatever." Congress to appoint judges to constitute a court for hearing and determining those causes. "And the judgment and sentence of the court to be appointed in the manner before described, shall be final and conclusive; and if any of the parties shall refuse to submit to the authority of such court, o to appear,-or 'defend their' claim or cause, the court shall, nevertheless, proceed to pronounce sentence or judgment, which shall, in like manner, be final and decisive; the judgment or sentence, and other proceedings being, in either case, transmitted to congress, and lodged among the acts of congress, for the security of the parties concerned." And congress did, accordingly, establish and organize the court, called the "court ofappeals."

JANUARY TERM, .1838.

689

(The State of Rhode' Island v. The Sttfe of Massachusetti.] And -that court took cognizance of, and decided a number of jurisdictional'cont oversies between states; and among others, one in which Massachusetts herself was a party, and acknowledged the jurisdiction of the court,-and submitted to its decision. It must be recollected, that the territorial descriptions and loundaries, contained in-the colonial grants and-charters were necessarily loose and defective; and that in the progress of the settlements,, in. adjoining colonies, controversies must unavo'dably arise as to their respective limits. And the greater the certainty of such conflicts, the greater was the necessity of providing an impartial tribunal for the peaceable adjustment of them. The language of the ninth article, just.. read,' is descriptive of the state of things at the time: "disputes.
and differences, now subsisting, or that may hereafter arise between two or more states, concerning boundary, jurisdiction," &c.
The court of appeals retained and exercised its jurisdiction over these'controversies, until the adoption of the present constitution; when its place was supplied, and the exigency provided for by the establishment of a national judiciary, with -full jurisdiction over the same controversies; And, by the twelfth section of the " act for regulating processes," &c., passed in 179, it was enacted,, that all the records and proceedings of the court of appeals, heretofore appointed, previous to the adoption of the preseht constitution, shall be deposited in 'the office of the clerk of the Supreme Court of the United Statesiwho is hereby authorized and directed to give copies of all such records and proceedings, to any person requiring and paying for the same, in like manner as copies'of the records and other prqceedings of the said court are, by law, directed to be given; which copies shall have like.faith and credit as all other proceedings of said
court." The counsel of Massachusetts have 'expressed the idea that the
United States came into existence with the present constitution;. ,and that Massachusetts, asone of them, is. bound by nothing before that date. This is' a strange conception, indeed. Not, only .the states severally, but the United States, came into existence with the declaration of independence; and the' first of the articles of confederation ordains, that "the *style of 'this confederacy shall be
The United States of America.'" It was "to form a more, perfect union," and to strengthen the. confederation, that the convention was called which formed this constitution. And here ar the coneluding words of the resolution oft the old'congress of 1787, recom-
VOL. XII.-4 S

690

SUPREME COURT.

[The State of Rhode Islana v. The State of Massachusetts.] mending the call of the convention: "For the sole and express purpose'of revising the articles of confederation," &c. The convention. met; and in revising the important ninth article, changed the words ".disputes and differences," to the word "controversies," taking the words , between two or more states," as they.found them in the" article. - The tribunal was, of course, changed; for now an independent judiciM department was established, which had no existence under the confederation. Not deeming it proper, in a permanent constituton, to designate particular, existing, and (it might be hoped,) temporary disputes between states, they used the comprehensive word " c o n t r o v e r s i e s l as fully including them all. We do not know that there were any other controversies at the time, between states, than those about boundary; and if there were, they must have been comparatively unimportant; none other were so lik~ly to exist, or to be carried to extremities; and, therefore, the article, after the words, boundary and jurisdiction, mnerely adds the general expression, 6"r any other cause whatever;" apparenitly by way of precaution. The delegates from'the several states knew that a number of those state controversies then still existed, and that more migh arise; and they'were fully sensible how all-important it was to provide against their breaking out. The great object of the convention was (as expressed in the preamble to the constitution,) " to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the common defence, promote the general welfare,'and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity." And how was union to. exist?-how domestic tranquillity, amidst contention among the members? How was justice to be established, if the strong were permitted to give law to th weak? and how were the rights of individual states to be preservad, if left unprotected from the encroachments of stronger neighbours? And what would become of the harmony and integrity of the Union, if all its members were not protected in the enjoyment of theit equal rights?
But, in addition to all this, it is a remarkable fact, that this very question of jurisdiction, which Massachusetts now brings up, after the lapse of more than half a century, was directly acted upon and decided by the conventionitself; as appears from the records of its proceedings. During its deliberations, the question was distinctly brought up, whether controversies between states, concerning jurisdiction -and boundaries, should not be excluded from the jurisdiction of the courts. And the convention decided that they should not be

JANUARY TERMT, 1838.
[The State of Rhode 1I9and v,The State of MasoAchusetts.] excluded. And the provision in :the constitution, as it then was and still is, was retained; and this constitution was unanimously agreed to by all the. delegates. And, afterwards, the same question was discussed in the state conventions, and this proyision was still retained and approved of; and the constitution ratified by every state. And several years afterwards, when the eleventh amendment to the constitution was adopted, and suits "against one of the United States by citizens of another state, or by citizens or subjects of any foreign state," were excluded from the jurisdiction of the courts, the remainder of the provision,, giving jurisdiction over controversies between two or more states, was preserved untouched; and the states thereby manifested their continued approbation of that provision; and, accordingly, this question of jurisdiction has long been settled in this Court, by its uniform practice and decisions, in numerous cases, from its earliest establishment.
And now, what is it that Massachusetts has to say to all this? I beg the Court to consider whetherevery single objection, and the whole argument on her part, have not been objections and arguments against the constitution itself, rather .than against -the constitutional jurisdiction of the. Court? In opposition to the, constitution, they come armed with political axioms, and abstract theories of government; and with the aid of Montesquieu, and other learned writers, reason upon the science of government, and the distribution of appropriate powers among the three great departments.
Allow me, sir, to present a summary of the principal objections and ;positions upon which the counsel of Massachusetts appear most to rely. They lay it down: that a controversy between tates, concerning jurisdiction and boundaries, is political, not judicial, in its character; that judicial courts 'can take cognizance only of controversies strictly judicial, not political, in their nature; that the present controversy concerns jurisdiction and sovereignty, and is therefore out of the judicial jurisdiction of this Court; and cannot be acted upon by it, without the assumption of political power. And, in support of -their doctrine, the counsel have read a number of English cases, and the opinions of learned English chancellors. And what does it all amount to? Does it amount to any more than the plain,,self-evident proposition, that courts created by sovereign power, and' subordinate to it, cannot exercise jarisdiotion over sovereign power, nor interfere with its prerogatives? Let us see if this is not the whole substance of the doctrine. In illustration of their

SUPREME COURT.
[The State of Rhode. Island v. The State of Massachusetts.]
doctrine, the counsel have referred to the controversies between the colonies,, concerning their boundaries, and over which the English courts exercised no jurisdiction. And why did they not? It Awasbecause there was a higher tribunal, which the colonies appealed to. The jurisdiction, in those cases, was in the -king himself. He made the colonial grants, and gave the charters; reserving in them all allegiance and- fealty to himself. He appointed the colonial governors; not excepting the governor of Massachusetts. Rhode Island almost alone elected her own governors., He, the king, therefore claimed and exercised jurisdiction over the colonies, as their feudal lord. But, had he so pleased, he might have transferred his royal jurisdiction over those controversies, to any of his courts. And had he done so, those controversies, whatever their character, and by whatever name .called, political or civil, would have become the proper subjects of judicial, investigation and decision. Another case, much relied upon by the counsel of Massachusetts, was that of The Nabob of the Carnatic against the East India Company; of which case, the court of chancery declined taking jurisdiction, because one of the parties was a sovereign prince, and the other, (although. subjects of the crown,) acting by virtue of its charter as an inde. pendent state. It seems that, in this instance, the charter of the company had placed it above the law. But suppose that its Charter had subjected it to the jurisdiction of the court of equity, in any controversies it might have with any of, the surrounding princes, would the character of the parties, (the foreign prince assenting to the jurisdiction,) or the nature of the controversy, have formed"any obstacle to the exercise of that jurisdiction? And would not the exercise of it have been strictly judicial in its character? The same plain principles of exposition embrace and dispose of every case and instance which the counsel have brought, or can -bring in support of their doctrine. All these cases are governed by the peculiar institutions of England, and the structure of her government, in its -various branches. No such question as this, of jurisdiction in controversies between two states of this Union, ever could arise in the 'English courts. If this jurisdiction is' vested in the. court, by the constitution,.how preposterous is it to talk of the'nature of the controversy, or the character of the parties! Suppose the controversy is political in. its nature: wl~at then?-Is there any, reason in nature why it should not be subjected'to judicial investigation and-decision, as much as any other, controversy? Suppose the parties to it are

JANUARY TERM, 1839.
[The State of Rhode Island v. The State of Massachusetts.]
two states: what then? -Is there any reason in nature why they should not be governed'by the laws and principles of justice, as much as any other parties? All controversies, whatever their character and whoever the parties, if they are. ever settled, and the parties Will not settle them amicably, must be settled either by force or by the jadgment of some tribunal. When the controversy is between sovereigns, the sword is the last resort, the "ultima ratio regum;" and the contest is waged at the expeise of the blood and lives of their.subjects. But if the controversy is submitted to some independent tribunal; that tribunal, call it by whatever name we may, must act judicially. It is not in my power to perceive how the sovereignty of 'Massachusetts is concerned, as'fshe alleges, in the settlement :of this .question. Even absolute sovereigns have submitted their controversies about territorial limits, to independent tribunals; and no one ever imagined that the sovereignty of either was affected by their doing so.
But Massachusetts is not now possessed of unlimited sovereignty. 'All the states, when they ceased to be 'colonies, became sovereign and independent. But they wore all sensible, that they coulcl not remain so if they remained disunited. They knew that it was by union alone they could preserve 'their liberties. They did' unite; and, to.secure'their:great object, they established this limited government of the Union, investing it with .a portion of their state powers, and at the same time restricting themselves in the exercise of certain other powers. Thus, both the federal government and the state government are but limited governments; both equally bound by the constitution: and all acts of eitl~er, violating the contitution, are void. And it is the constitutional province and duty of the Court to declare such acts void, whenever the. question of their constitutionality comes before it.
oFcr-in. the formation of this federal republican system, an independent judicial department was deemed to be a'necessary branch of the government, to prevent encroachments, and preserve a just equilibrium; and therefore, the constitution declares, that "the' judicial power shall extend to all cases in law or equity arising under this constitution." And every decision of the Court upon the constitutionality of an act, either of congress or of a state legislature, concerns, to use the language of Massachusetts, their respective jurisdictions. How absurd, then, is it, to contend that the judicial power does not extend to political questions, or to questions in which the jurisdic-

SUPREME COURT.
[The State, of Rhode Island v. The State of Massachusetts.] tion of a state is concerned. The only question here is, whether the'states, by the constitution which they formed and adopted, did confer this jurisdiction upon the Supreme-Court. And is it not amply shown that they did confer it, and that iney explicitly declared it to be their intention to confer it?
And is it for Massachusetts to gainsay this? Massachusetts possessed a larger share of sovereignty under the confederation than she does under the present constitution. Yet she then agreed and assisted in constituting the coUrt of appeals, with full judicial powers over this very controversy; which was one of the then subsisting controversies concerning state, boundaiies and jurisdiction, specified in the 9th article. In the convention, also, which formed the present con-stitution,'Masachusetts agreed to invest this Court with the same jurisdiction. And again,-in her stMate convention, which ratified the constitution, she approved of and adopted this provision. And, during all this period of tim6, Massachusetts had subsisting controversies with her neighbour states, concerning her territorial boundaries and jurisdiction; particularly this controversy- with Rhode Island, and 'another with the state of Connecticut, of precisely the same character; which last was not terminated until the year 1801. Massachusetts, therefore, by her own consent and acts, gave jurisdiction to this Court over the present controversy, as far as her c6nsent and acts could give it.
Taking it, then, for granted, that it is fully shown that " this Court has jurisdiction over the subject matter of, and over the parties to the bill in equity now pending before it," I will proceed to the consideration- of the 2d question: " Has the Court now power to proceed to the hearing and trial of this cause, and to make a final decree thereon ?"
Mr. Justice BARBOUR asked Mr Hazard, if he could point out any process by which the Court could carry a final decree in the cause into effect, should it make one. For instance, if an application should be, made, by Rhode Island for process to quiet her in her possession, what process could the Court issue for that purpose ?
Mr. Hazard said, that he had by no means overlooked that important question, but had given to i the fullest and most attentive consideration in his power. But he had thought that it would be proper .t6reserve that question for the last to be considered; as in point of

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

695

[The State ok Rhode Island v. The State of Massachusetts.]
order it appeared to be. At 1)tesent, he was desirous of showing that the Court had full power, and ought to proceed to the hearing, and to make a final decree in the cause,
And what is there to prevent this proceeding? The Court have jurisdiction over the subject matter and over tlie parties; and the parties are here before the Court. The defendant state obeyed the subpona issued from the Court, and came in more than three years ago; and ,took upon, berself the defence of the suit, and put in her plea and answer thereto. At another term, she applied to the Court for an ordF.r upon the complainant to reply;.and, at the lastterm, she made a written agreement, with the complainant respecting amendments of the bill and pleadings; and she is now here in Court? VWhat is there to hinder the cause from proceeding ?
Why, it is contended, in the first place, that consent of one party cannot give jurjsdiction to the Court; and authorities have been read to this effect. No one doubts, that when it appears by the record or otherwise, that the Court has nc jurisdiction of the subject matter of the complaint; the consent of a party cannot confer, jurisdiction. But When the Court has jurisdiction of the subject matter of the suit, the party defendant can -consent to appear, and his appearance is donclusive upon him; even although if he had not appeared, he might not have been reached by the process of the Court. "The appearance of the defendants to a foreign-attachment in a circuit court of the United States, in a circuit where they do not reside, is a waiver of all objetions to the non-service of process on them." Pollard v. Dwight, 4 Cranch, 4241. "An appearance by the defendant cures aliantecedent irregularity of process?' Knox v. Summers, 3 Cranch, 496.
But Massachusetts has raised, a number of other obstacles to the Court's proceeding to a hearing of this cause. The following, I believe, contains the substance of them all:
They are, 1. That the sole province of the Court is to expound and administer the law; and that here is no law fqr the Court to .expound or administer. ,That congress has passed no act defining the controversy; no act prescribing the rule by which to try it; no. rule of decision. 2. That by the 1 th section of the judiciary act of 1789, congress has limited the jurisdiction of this Court, where a state is a party, to controversies of a civil nature; which this con'troversy is not, being political in its character; and that, 'therefore, congress meant to exclude controversies'of this character from the

SUPREME COURT.
[The State of Rhode Island v. The State of Massachusetts.]
jurisdiction. 3. Congress has passed no act providing the process necessary to enable the Court to exercise its jurisdiction in the case. 4. That the Court possesses no power to carry a final decree in this cause into effect should it make one; congress, as is alleged, having made no law to enable it to do so.
The last of these objections, I will: consider, presently, by itself. And. as to the rest of them, if this doctrineis to prevail, what becomes of the jurisdiction expressly vested in the Supreme Court by the constitution itself; and what becomes of the Court itself, if it is to be placed upon' the same footing as the inferior courts, which, congress has power to establish, and of cpurse, to regulate? By the 8th s-,tion, 1st article of the constitution, congress has power "to constitute tribunals inferior to the Supreme Court" But the Supreme Court was ordained by the constitution itself, and necessarily possesses all the judicial powers incident to such a court. Otherwise the constitution might be defeated, and the Supreme Court rendered a nullity by the act of another and but co-ordinate branch of the government. But congress" has no power to deprive this Court of its constitutional jurisdiction, nor to restrain it ,i,nthe exercise of that jurisdictioh. And this Court would declare unconstitutional aud void any act of congress having such an object.
The ease of Martin v. Hunter's Lessee, has been referred to, and much stress put upon some general remarks of Mr: Justice Story, who delivered the opinion of the Court in that case.' Those remarkswere concluded in the :following words, which were not read, but ought to go with them: " We do not, however, place any implicit reliance upon the distinction which has beenstated and endeavoured to be illustrated." But what shows conclusively that the counsel are wholly mistaken in their understanding of th%meaning of those remarks, is the facf, that in the case of New Jersey v. New York, which was before this Court fifteen years after that of Martin v. Hunter, the Court, of which that hon. judge was one, not only took jurisdiction of the case, although the state of New York had refused to appear, but decreed and ordered, that the subpoena in this case
having been returned executed sixty days before the return day thereof, and the defendant 'not appearing, the complainant be kt liberty to proceed ex parte..
But it is wasting time', I,fear, to dwell upon such objections, when it has been so clearly sho'wn that these cases were expressly and intentionally included in the jurisdiction of this Court by the constitu-

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[The, State of Rhode Island v. The State of Massachusetts.]
tion. I was quite at a loss to understand what was meant by "a rule of decision; a rule to try the case by." until the counsel enlightened me by inquiring how, without an act of congress, the Court was to ascertain which state was right, and which' wrong; alleging that, there being no such act, the Court could not proceed by the rule of the common law, or that of the civil law, or of any state
law. This is a novel idea. Such- an idea was quite beyond the concep-
tion of the men ,who framed the articles of confederation. It did not enter into their heads that any thing more was necessary, to be done, to meet the exigency, than to establish a competent court, with sufficient powers to'call the parties before them; and to try and determine these controversies in the same manner as they wohild any other controversies between any other parties. And it seems that the court of appeals, thus constituted, had the same idea of its pro. vince and duties, and found no difficulty in performing them -governing themselves by the principles and rules of justice, equity, and good conscience, and not dreaming that any different rule was furnished by the common law, or the civil law, or by any state law.
The 34th section of the judiciary act has been turned to again and again, as showing that congress had furnished a rule of decision, as it is called, in cases at common law; but no such rule for cases like the present. This is making a strange use of that short section of four lines, the whole purpose of which is to give efficacy to the local state laws, in trials at common law, in the courts of the United States, "in cases where they apply," says the section. That is, that cases arising under a local law shall be governed by that law. Thus, the state laws regulating the descent of real estates, or the rate of interest, for instance, ought, in all courts; to govern the cases arising under those laws. And this is tfe whole meaning of the section. The counsel have contended, that if any suit at all could have been instituted J9y Rhode Island, it ought to have been a suit at common law and not in equity. But no state law could apply to such a suit any more than to the present; and there are very Many suits at.common law'which are not governed by any state law.
An expression (the word :civil) used in the 13th section of the same act is also suspected by the counsel, of containing an important secret meaning, wh~ich the counsel think they have discovered. They insist that by the use of this word "civil," congress intended to take this controversy, and all of the' same kind, out of the jurisdiction of
VoL. XII-4 T

,698

SUPREME COURT.

[The State of Rhode Island v. The State of Massachusetts.]
this Court. Surely, the counsel of Massachusetts must feel themselves under the necessity of going a great way for inferences, and set a great value upon very slight one , to draw them from such sources as these. The words relied upon, are "that the Supreme Court shall have exclusive' jurisdiction of all controversies of a civil nature, where a state is a party," &c,
The plain object of congress was to withhold from the inferior
courtsjurisdirtion, in controversies between two or more states. And to do this, they gave to the Supreme Cdurt exclusive jurisdiction in those cases, instead of original jurisdiction merely, which it had by the constitution. The word- civil is properly used, because all controversies which do or can exist between two or more states, must be of a civil nature, and none other; unless they engage in war, which they have bound themselvesby the constitution not to do. The word civil does not mean amicable or peaceable; actions of trespass and of ejectment are civil actions. Civil is technically and generally used in contradistinction to criminal.- There is not the slightest ground for supposing that the word civil was intended to be used in contradistinction to political. Congress would never have taken, so blind a way, so unintelligible and futile, to effect such an object as the counsel of Massachusetts wish to effect. Nor can any such distinction be made. If this is a political controversy, so is it a civil controversy. And if such a distinction coild be forced upon the words, it would bring the section to this construction: that the Court is left, to its original jurisdiction derived from the constitution, in this and other like 'controversies between states; but does not take exclusive jurisdiction of them. by virtue of this section of the judiciary act.
But, there is another word in the front part of this' section, which, in its plain, common sense meaning, I think, is much more significant than the word wbidh the counsel have endeavoured to render so cabalistic. And that is the word all-all controversies. 'This same word, used in another place, has been thought all-important, and great respect has been shown to it by the counsel of Massachusetts. By the copstitution, "the judicial power shall extend to all cases in law and 'equity; arising under this constitution," "to all cases affecting ambassadors," &c. "tp all cases of admiralty and maritimQ jitrisdiction, to controversies to which the United States shall be a.party, to controversies between two or more states," &c. &c. And because the repetitionof the word all is not kept up throughout the whole section, it is inferred tbat the constitution intended to con-

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

699

[The State of Rhode Island v. The State, of Massachusetts.]
fer a less extensive jurisdiction in some of the cases enumerated
than in others.
Now, congress, in framing the judiciary act, did not deal in such far-fetched inferences. Congress saw no such meaning in that section of the constitution; and therefore it declares in this same l1th section of the act, "that the Supreme Court shall have exclu-
sive jurisdiction of all controversies of a civil nature, where a state is a party." Congress did not intend to alter the constitution. It
merely expressed what it understood to be the meaning of the section referred to. Now, although I have no quarrel with the word
civil, I should not be willing to give the word all, in exchange for it. But, sir, why is it that so 'much effort is used to induce this Court to bdlieve- that congress is unfriendly to its jurisdictibn over, these cases? This is not very lawyerlike, nor, very respectful to the Court. This Court will look for its constitutional powers to the constitution itself; 'and will 'not allow any other department to construe that instrument for them. In many cases, this Court have accurately defined, not only its own constitutional powers and duties, but those of the other departments, legislative and executive; as by' the constitution iti.s authorized and bound to do on proper occasions. And, let me'ask, if congress possesses such power over the jurisdiction of this Court, why was it necessary for the states themselVes to make the I Ith amendment to the constitution, for the purpose of taking away the jurisdiction in suits "against one of the states by citizens of another state, or 'by citizens or subjects 6f a freign state?" But,
,it is not true that congress is unfriendly to this jurisdiction. There is no single instance in which congress has manifested 'such disposition. On the contrary, in thi's same section of the judiciary act, we find it conferring exclusive jurisdiction, where, by the constitution, the Court 'had only'original jurisdiction. And without any appearance of disapprobation; congress has seen this Court, from its earliest establishment, exercising its constitutional powers in these cases, and in others in which a state was a party; adopting its rules of practice and proceeding, and its general, .permanent orders Applicable to then; and prescribing its processes, and the service and return of them as occasion required.
The third objection is, that congress has provided no forms of powers to enable the Court to exercise its jurisdiction. This objection, I should think, was reduced to a very small size. The writ of subpoena was issued, served and returned agreeably to the general or-

SUPREME COURT.
[The State of Rhode Island v. The State of Massachusetts.]
der of the Court. And the defendant state obeyed that process and appeared, took upon herself the defence of the suit; and I understood her counsel to say, that he should not urge any objection to this proceeding of the Court. And, if Massachusetts had refused to appear, the Court would have had it fully in its power to have proceeded in the cause, as it did in that of the state of New Jersey against.New York, .But Massachusetts has appeared, and is now in Court. WhAt further process then is now wanting to enable the Court to proceed to the hearing of the cause. I know of none. Yet the counsel of Massachusetts still incist that the Court cannot go on a step without an act of cohtgress. Let, me then inquire: 1. What has been done by congress upon this subject? 2.. What has been done by the Court?
.1. A judiciary act was passed in 1789, a, the first session of congress; and, a process act at the same session, which, with many additions, was rendered permanent by a second process act passed in 1792. The 13th section of the judiciary act, which gih es exclusive jurisdiction to the Supreme Court in these cases, has already been read. The 14th section, enacts "that all the l efarementioned courts of the United States shall have power to issue writs of scire facias, habeas corpus, and all other writs not especially provided for by statute, which may be necessary for the exercise of their respective jurisdictions, and agreeably to the principles and usages of law." The 17th section enacts, "that all the beforementioned courts of the United'States shall have power to make and establish all necessary rules for the ordinary conducting business in said courts, provided -uch-rules are not repugnant to the laws of the United States." The process act, 1st section, enacts that "all writs and processes issuing from a Supreme Court or a circuit court shall bear test," &c.and shall be signed by the clerk, and sealed with the seal of fhe court." The 2d,section enacts, "that the forms of writs, executions and other process, their style and the forms and mode of proceeding in suits in'those of common law, shall be," &e. "and in those of equity, and in those, of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, according to the principles,' rules and usages which belong to courts of equity, and to courts of admiralty respectively, as contradistinguished from courts of common law; except so far as may have been provided for by the act to establish the judicial courts of the United States; subject, however, to such alterations and additions as the. said courts respectively shall, in their discretion, deem expedient; or to such regulations as

JANUARY TERM, 4838.

701

[The State of Rhode Island v. The State of Massachusetts.] the Supreme Court of' the United States shall think proper, from time to time, by rule, to prescribe to any circuit or district court concerning the same." The 18th, 24th and 25th sections of the judiciary act, first' referred to, recognises the power of the Court to issue executions upon its judgments and decrees.
Thus much has been done by'congress' and ft is apparent that that department has always considered that every thing had been done, on its part, necessary to enable the courts to perform all their judicial duties; and fully to exercise all their judicial functions and powers. Congress saw that the courts were proceeding in the exercise of those powers without difficulty or impediment, and that no further legislative action was called for or needed. And so have thr' courts thought. In the case of Weyman v. Southard3 10 VWheat. 1, the Court considered itself possessed of full power over the whole proceedings in suits in equity, from their commencement to their final termination by satisfaction of the decrees or judgments.
It has been suggested by the defendant's counsel, that congress has omitted to provide for the exercise of this branch of the jurisdiction of the Court; because it did not intend that it should be exercised. This is impeaching the fidelity of congress to the constitutibn. But, fortunately, the imputation is wholly. unfounded. It is alleged, also, that congress, by the judiciary act of 1789,.has provided rules of proceeding in,all, or nearly all the ordinary cases which can arise at common law, or in admiralty; but none in such cases as this. This is as palpable an error as could well be committed. In the case last mentioned, Weyman v. Southard,-which was a case at common law, objections were made to the process, and to the service and execution of it; and it was contended that the proceedings were not authorized by any act of congress. But the Cout, after remarking that the chancety power of the couri over all the proceedings in suits in equity, from their commencement to their final termination, were unquestionable, proceeded in these words:.--" It would be difficult to assigh a reason for the solicitude of congress to regulate all the proceedings of the Court, sitting as a court of equity, or of admiralty, which would not equally require that its proceedings should be regulated when sitting as a court of common law." Thus we find, that while the equity powers of the Court in these cases is considered as having been placed beyona a' doubt by the acts of congress, its parallel powers, in cases at common law, have required to be sustained by inferences and reasoning,

.702

SUPREME COURT.

[The State of Rhode Island 'v.The State of Massachusettsj
And it was decided in the last. case referred to, and in that of the United States Bank v. Halstead, 10 Wheat. 54, that these powers are not legislative in their character. They must, then, be simply judicial in their character; and, if necessary, must be incident to the
judicial powers and functio1. Let me now inquire what has been done by. the Court in pursu-
ance of its constitutional and legal, powers. In .1791,, the Court
adopted the following general'order: viz., "That this Court consider the practice of the court of king's bench, and of chancery, in England, as affording outlines for'the practice of this Court; and that they will, from time to time, make such alterations .therein as circumstances may render necessary." 1 Cond. Rep. 8. In 1796, the following permanent general orders, or rules, were established, viz: "1, Ordered, that when process at common law, or in etuity, shall
issue against a state, the same shall be served upon the governor, or chief executive. magistrate, and the attorney general of such state. 2. Ordered, that process of subpoena issuing out of this Court in any suit in equity, shall be served on the defendant sixty,days before the return day of the said process: And, farther, that if the defendant, on such service of the subpona, shall not appeay at the return day contained therein, the complainant shall be at liberty to proceed ex parte." 3 Dall. 320; 1 Peters' Con d. Rep. 141. These several general orders, or rules, are still in full force, and have been practised upon by the Court from the time of their adoption. Can there be a doubt'that they are strictly in conformity to the constitution, and the
acts of congress referred to? In the case of The State of New Jersey v. The State'of New York, 5 Peters, in 1831, the Court remark, that " At a very early period o'f our judicial history, suits were instituted in this Court against states, and the questions concerning its
jurisdiction and mode of proceeding, were necessarily considered.' ,The Court then proceed to review 'a number of the preceding cases which had been before it, in which a state was a party. "So early as August, 1792, (says the Chief Justice, who delivered the opinion of the Court,) an injunction was awarded, at 'theprayer of the state of Georgia; The State of Georgia v. Brailsford,. 2 Dall. 402; to stay a sum of money recovered by Brailsford, a British subject, which was claimed by Geprgia, under her acts of confiscation." This was an exercise of the original'jurisdiction of the Court, and no doubt of its propriety was ever aonside ad.
In February, 1793, the case of Oswald v. The State of New York

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

703

[The State of Rhode Island _v.The State of Massachusetts.] came on; 2 Dall. 402. This was a suit at common law. The state not appearing, on the return of the process, proclatiation was made; and the following order entered by the Court: " Unless the state appear by the first day of the, next term, or show cause to the contrary, judgment will be entered by default against the said state."
At the same term, a like order was made in the case of Chisholm's
Executors v. The State of Georgia; and at the next term, 1794, judgment was rendered in favour of the plaintiffs, -and a writ of inquiry awarded. Grayson v. The State of Virginia, 1796, 3, Dall. 320; 1, PeLers' Condensed Rep. 141. This was a bill in equity; and it was in this case that the Court adopted the two last general orders beforementioned. 'In, Huger v. The State of South Carolina, the service of the'subpqnna having been proved, the Court determined that the complainant was at liberty to proceed, ex parte. He accordingly moved for, and obtained commissions to take the examination of witnesses in several of the states. 3 Dall.' 371; 1 Peters' Cond. Rep. 156, The Court also noticed the cases of Fowler et al. v. Lindsay et al.; and Fowler v. Miller, 3 Dall. 411; 1 Peters' Cond. Rep. 189; and the case of The State of New York v. The State of Connecticut; 4 Dal. 1; 1 Peters' Cond. Rep. 203. "It has then," proceeds Chief Justice Marshall, " been settled by our predecessors, on great deliberation, that this Court may exercise its origkial jurisdiction in suits 'against a state, under the authority conferred by the constitution and existng acts of congress. The rule respecting process, the persons on whom it is to, be served, and the time of service are fixed. The course of the Court, on the failure of the state to appear, after' due service, has been also prescribed." And,'accordingly, the Court did proceed,- and made the order, the first part of which has already been read; and ,which'order thus concludes : "And it is further' ordered, that, unless the defendant, being served with a copy of this decree sixty days before the next ensuing August term of this 'Court, shall appear off the second day of the next January'term thereof, and answer the bill of tlie complainant, this Court will proceed to 'hear the cause on the part of the complainant, and to decree on the matter of the 'said bill." But, before the cause came to a' final decree, the state of New York compromised the controversy with the state of New Jersey, to the satisfaction of the latter state. The case now before the Court is the same, in character, and in all the principles involved in it, as that of New Jersey and New York.

SUPREME COURT
[The State of Rhode Islan4 v. The State of Massachusetts.1
Why should not the Court proceed in this case, as they decided to proceed in that; and in conformity to its subsisting rules and orders?
With permission of the Court, I will now proceed to consider the last objectior which has been raised by.Massachusetts to the jurisdiction of this Court; and upon which she appears mainly to rely) for producing an effect upon the minds of the Court. That objection is, that should the Court make a final decree in the cause, it will have no power to carry it into effect.
When the lear and explicit provisions of the constitution are considered, and the several laws subsequently passed by congress, for the purpose of aiding in the fulfiment of those provisions, I cannot conceive how any doubt can exist of the power of this Court to carry into effect any decree, which by those, provisions, it may be authorized and bound to make. And, if the constitution stood alone, I should still entertain the same opinion. It is a universal axiom, that the grant Of a principal power, ipso facto, includes in it all the minor, subsidiary powers, necessary for the exercise of the main power, as incidenj to it. What a construction would it be to' put upon the constitution, to say that the people, by that instrument, had ordained and established a tribunal, to take cognizance of, and determinQ certain enumerated controversies, over which, for that purpose, they, had given to it full and express jurisdiction; but that the tribunal so establisbed%could. not pdrform its duty, for want of power to cause its decisions to be carried into effect? What would the people have a right to say to a tribunal which should render to them suich an account of its services; or, rather, such din excuse for the neglect of its duty?
But is it not important here to inquire, whether, in considering the present question of jurisdiction of this Court to hear, try, and make a final decree in this cause, it can be at all necessary or% useful to inquire what further powers the Court may, or may not, exercise upon any future, distinct application, which may or may not be. hereafter made to the Court; and upon which new and distinct application, should any such be made, the Court will then decide as it shall deem right.- If, by the constitution and existing laws, the Court have jurisdiction over this cause, to hear, try, and decide it; is it not bound. to exercise that jurisdiction, when appealed to: and ought the Court to decline exercising this unquestioned jurisdiction, from an apprehension that possibly it may, hereafter, be asked to*do something more, which, possibly, it may not have it in its power to

JANUARY TERM, i888.

705

"'The State of Rhode Island v. The State of Massachus.etts.]
do? In the case of New Jersey and New York, the Court said, that, "inismuch as no final decree has been pronounced, or judgmr nt iendered in any'suit heretofore instituted in this Court against ,a state; the question of proceeding to a final decree, will be considered as not conclusively- settled, until the cause shall come on to be heard in chief." Thus the. Court determined to hear the cause in chief, without anticipating what its final'decree might be; much less, what, if any thing, might remain to be done, aftei the decree. And the Court did then decree, ." that the complainant be at liberty to proceed, ex parte;" and further decreed, that, "unless the defendant state appeared, the Court would proceed to hear the cause on the part of the complainant, and to decree on the matter of the said bill." There are m-any cases in which- decrees in chancery cannot be fully, if atall, executed; but that has never been considered a reason why the Court should not pronounce the decree.s wjhich it has the power
to pronounce. But,.I shall not dwell longer upon these questions; because there
is.another position which, if sound, I think entirely- obviates the objection of the want of power in thd Court beyond the power of making a final decree in the cause.
That position is, that the pronouncing of a final decree in the cause ivill cor'lete the exercise of all the jurisdiction vhich the
cause cn require; and will be a final,,conclusive and permanent termination of the controversy. This position, upon much reflection, 'I believe tp be sound; or I certainly should not -venture to advance it before this honourable Court; as'I do, entirely upon my own responsibility, as to its soundness or unsoundness.
A final decree in this cause will have no resemblance, to a judgment of Court for a sum of money.to be collected on. execution; nor to a judgment in ejeetment to be followed by an execution for possession. No process would necessarily follow a final decree in this cause. We ask no damages of Massachusetts; no delivery of possession; no process to compel h-r to do or undo any thing. All we ask is a decree, ascertaining and settling the boundary line between the two states.

Mr. Justice Thompson asked Mr. Hazard if the bill did not contain a further prayer; a prayer that Rhode Island might be restored to her rights of jurisdiction and sovereignty over thie territory in question; and quieted in her enjoyment of them? And, that part of
VOL. XII.-4 U

SUPREME COURT.
[The State of Rhode Island v. The State of Massachusetts.] the bill being read, it appeared that it did contain such a prayer, in addition to the prayer that the boundary line between the two states -might be ascertained and established.
Mr. Hazard said that the latter part of the prayer of the bill had escaped him;, but it did not vitiate the bill, The Court would have it in4ts power to grant so much of the prayer as they might think right. All Rhode Island asked for was a decree ascertaining and establishing the true boundary line, between her and Massachusetts. When that is settled by a decree, the rights of jurisdiction and sovereignty will necessarily follow: the decree will execute itself; and this controversy can no longer exist. When the boundary line is settled, it will be the same as all other established boundary lines; and'the relative situation of Rhode Island and Massachusetts will be the same as that of all other adjoining states.
And"why should not Rhode Island be placed upon the same footing, in this respect, with her sister states? Why should her jurisdictional boundary line be left in dispute, and she exposed to encroachmepfs;, when all other controversies of this kind have been lastingly settled?
Am I not sustained, in the position I have here taken, by the opinions and acts of the learned men who framed the articles of confederation? They enacted that the decrees of the court of appeals, in thecases over which jurisdiction'was given to it, should be final and.conclusive. And it was their opinion that nothing more than a final decree would be necessary; and, therefore, they provided for no further pr6ceedings. And, What, ought to be conclusive is the fact, that, although a number of decrees in such cases were made by the court of appeals; no difficulty was ever experienced, and no further process was ever found to be necessary.
It is true, that after the line is settled, Massachusetts'may do other wrongs to Rhode Island for which other remedies may be necessary; and so she may to; apy other state: but this controversy about the line will he at an end. Siould Massachusetts hereafter encroach upon Rhode Island, that will be a new aggression; the same as if she, sh6uld encroach upon any other state, near or distant; the same as if she should encroach upon the state of New York, or Connecticut, or New Hanmwshire. or, again, upon Rhode Island, on her eastern boundary: with all of which states Massachusetts has ha controversies about her boundari6s, and has always been found the aggressor. But when those boundaries:were ascertained by the con-

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[The State of Rhode Island v. The State of Massachusetts.] petent tribunals, all difficulties were at an end. When Rhode Island, upon the decision. of the king in council, received under her jurisdiction, her county of Bristol, and her towns of Tiverton and Little Compton, over which Massachusetts had long exercised jurisdiction,
-she met 'with no obstructions from that state. Neither did New Hampshire, whose controversy with Massachusetts, was decided by the same-tribunal. Still the Court are told by Massachusetts that they cannot carry their decree into effect.' Allow me to ask, sir, in what possible way Massachusetts can have it in her power to defeat or evade the effect of that, decree? The decree'itself, the moment it is pronounced, will establish a new state of things between Massachusetts aad Rhode Island. And what Are the means that Massachusetts can resort to, to prevent that decree from taking fuIl'effect by its own force and operation? I should be glad to hear the attorneygeneral of Massachusetts inform the Court what it is that that important state is going to do tO set the decree of this Court at defiance, and render it a nullity? Massachusetts is not going to erect a line of batterieg along this strip of land; nor to, station a military force there to take hostile possession of it. If she should, it would, be invasion; an ample remedy for which is provided in the 4th article 4th section of the constitution. And Rhode Island would be under no necessity, to apply to this Court for an injunction in such a case. And this again shows the meaning and propriety of the expression " civil controversies," used by congress; and, no doubt, meant by the constitution. I ask again, then, what can Massachusetts do to prevent a decree of this Coort taking full effect by its own force and operation? She can do nothing. She can only say that she will refain-jurisdiction over this district, the decree notwithstanding. But let us examine what she can make. this amount to. Massachdsetts, as a state, is not the proprietor of this strip of land. If she own any land there she will, of course, still own and retain it; and her right and title will be held as sacred as those of any other owners of the soil. There is no shire t6wn within this district; and of course, probably, no public buildings belonging to the state. If there are, they will still be her property, though not appropriated to the same uses. There will be nothing, therefore, which Massachusetts can retain the possession of, which she will be required to relinquish. Jurisdiction over the district it will be out of her power to exercise, for she will not have it; that (in her) will be extinguished by the decree, ipso facto. What jurisdiction, after the decree, can

708

SUPREME COURT.

[The State of Rhode Island v. The State of Massachusetts.]
she exercise? She cannot number the inhabitants of this district as part of her population, or of her militia; for they will not be so any more than the inhabitants of the county of 'Providence. And, no more can she tax'them, or thei r lands, or other roperty ; for they will not be subject to her.laws. Her tax-gatherers caAcollect no taxes; her ministerial officers execute no process within that district, for it will be out of the jurisdiction of their state. And, should they attempt to do so, they will carry no Massachusetts authority with
them over the boukidarf line established by the.,decree of this Court. They will be trespassers; and subject themselves to the penalties provided for the punishment of trespassers. With as much right might Massachusetts send her officers into any other part of the state as this; but the civil authorities of Rhode Island would have no difficulty in dealing with such offenders. They would be violators of the laws of the land; not only nf the laws of. Rhode Island, but of the con9stitutfion of the United States, and of the acts of congress, uider the authority of which the decree of this Court wo'uld have been made. They could not escape conviction and punishment. And any countenance Massachusetts might give to them would but aggravate the offence and the punishment. No aid from this Cveirt would be needed. The existing laws would furnish a perfect remedy for the wrongs attempted to be done.
Those Massachusetts' officers, sheriff, tax-gatherers, or whatever they might be, would have no authority to demand aid from the people of the adjoining county in Massachusetts. Nor is it probable that any of those people, (not being bound to obey such demand,) would have any concern in violating the rights of another state, established by a decree of the Supreme Court of the Union. But should, those officers, on any occasion, carry with them a sufficient body of men from Massachusetts, to enable them, for the time, to seize upon the property or persons of any of the inhabitants of the state of Rhode Island; (of which this district would then be a part;) and to escipe into Massachusetts before they could be arrested, they would all alike be criminals, and punishable as such. And, by tl'e fourth article, second section of the constitution of the United States, and that of congress passed in conformity thereto, the executive authority of the state of Massachusetts, on demand made by the executive authority of the state of Rhode Island, would be bound and compelled to deliver 'up those criminals to be removed for trial to the state having jurisdiction of the crime. And here again, Rhode

JANUARY TERM,-1838.

709

[The State of Rhode Island v.The State of Massachusetts.]' Island would have a perfect remedy without the interpositi9n of this Court. Nor would Massachusetts have it in her power, etfectually, to obstruct the magistrates and civil officers of Rhode Island in the execution of their official functions. 'Those magistrates and officers, in the performance of their lawful duties, within the jurisdiction, and under the authority of their own state, would have nothing to apprehend from any quarter. Should any of them be lawlessly seized, and. carried within the jurisdiction of Massachusetts, still they would have nothing to apprehend. The decree of this Court, the laws of the state in which they acted, and the constitution and laws of the United States, would sustain and save them harmless. These authorities, the respectable judicial tribunals of Massachusetts, would not set at defiance; and if they should, their judgments and proceedings would speedily be revised and corrected here.
Thus, we find that it wo'uld be wholly out of the power of Massachusetts, to prevent a final decree of this Court from taking full effect, by its own force and operation.
I could not help feeling great surprise, when I heard the attorney general of Massachusetts so solemnly and portentously warning this Court of consequences, and expressing his anxious hopes, that if it should decide against Massachusetts, it will, for the honour of the Court, and for the honour of the country, be sure to find some way to execute its decree. What! Does Massachusetts threaten? Is Massachusetts ready to become a nullifying state? and to set up her own will, in,dkfiance of the decrees of this Court, and of the constitution itself? This Court will not make a decree against Mas, sachusetts, unless it shall be satisfied that the constitution authorizes it, and that equity, requires it. And for Massachusetts to expect to prevent the'Court from making such a decree as it may deem constitutional and equitable, by telling the Court how formidable she is, and how contumacious and lawless she means to be in her defiance of its decrees; this, it appears to me, is almost as deficient in policy, as it is in modesty. But let Massachusetts take her own course, and whatever that may be, it wilr excite no apprehension in Rhode Island; although she may-grieve that so noble a state should conduct in such a manner as to tarnish her high and well merited renown. If, sir, the principles and positions I have endeavoured to establish are sound, and have been established, I must think that they reach and dispose of all the material objections which the counsel of Massachusetts has raised 4gainst the jurisdiction of this Court.

,SUPREME: COURT.
(The State of Rhode Island v the State of Massuahusetts.]
There were a great numbej' of other objections, or suggestions and statements made by the counsel, some of which I will now just advert to; although Ldo Pot consider them as having any bearing upon the question befor'e the Court. It'is 'alleged that the five thousand inhabitants of the district in question,, (J know not how many there are,) have a right to be parties to this suit, and are not. If this was so, it would be no objectioii to the jurisdiction of the Court. The Court would take'care -that they were made parties before it proceeded further.. But all- the proper parties are here in Court. This controversy is about state jurisdiction, no, titles to soil and freehold. I suspect; however, that if those inhabitants were consulted, they would not consent to. be made defendants; but would rather join with the complainant state, 'Theyare taxed hard in Massachusetts, and would have no state taxes to pay in'Rhode Island. And,, at one time, a very large number of the resppctarble inhabitants of that district, petition4 the legislature of the' state of Rhode Island to be received into that jurisdiction, to which they claimed rightfully to belong.
It is objected, also, 1. Thatther bill contains matter in bar to itself. 2. That the bill, admits '.that Rhode Island was never Jn possession, and that the suit is barred by pr6scription. 3,That the contioversy has been settled. These might be proper matters for discussion and proof (they are not proved yet, and cannot be, for not one of them is trbe,) upon the trial of the cause; but, evidently, have nothing'to do with'the question of jurisdiction. Because it appeared that the Massachusetts charter of -1628, upon a scire facias from, the court of -king'sbench, was revoked and annulled in 1685; and that she did not get a new charter until 1691; her counsel has stated that Rhode Island, while a colony, abandoned and surrendered up her charter. This js a mistake. Connecticut and.Rhode Island never did surrender their charters; although they' were demanded, and great efforts Imade to obtaip possession of them. The Connecticut charter was hidden in the hollow of the venerable old'oak tree at Hartford; and that of Rhode Island was also preserved secure from its enemies, and is now in her secretary's office at Providence. , The counsel (in sport, I suppose,) has indulged his, fancy in, describing Rhode Island as she would have been had the claims upon her territory, set up by Plymouth on the east, and Connecticut on the west, been successful. Very true; and Rhode 'Island would have been stripped indeed; especially with. Massachusetts helping herself to five miles more of her territory on the piorth, which I suppose the

JANUARY jTER'M, 1888.

711

[The State of Rhode Island v..The State'of.9assachuett'.]' attorney general of Massachusetts thinks was quite venial, while "Rthode Island's territory was looked upon as free plunder. But those claims upon. the territory of Rhode Island, on the east and west, were found and- decided to be unjust. And it was Massactusetts herself, not Plymouth, which',had !got pgssession bf tne county' and towns within the limits ,of: Rhdd 'Island, 8. bgtbrementioned, and from which, after a faint strtggle, khe was compelled to' retreat There is no probability, tl~at a small btate will make-,unreasonable caims, much less encroachments uponrlarge ones.
The counsel of Massachusetts baye asked the Court to consider the character of' the, original colonial charters, ad nave read, passages fromB3ancroft's History, to show hownk.loose and defective 'thooe charters -were, and how diffllt, i . Would now be to decide controversoie growiag-outof ,hem.. That a case-wtl be a difficult'-one to ,settle, is ndt ii ery good teason: to- offer/for a, eourt's not taking-eog nizance of. it. 'But in the present case, no difficulty whateve- 'can
arise .from: such a source, -The- charters both of. RhodeIsland and Massachusetts. are clear 'and intelligible in tlit, partidulhr. Rhode
Island by her charter, is bounde .P north by the'seuth Ji'ne'of ,a~s4 chusettsi -an4'that line, by the Massach'usettg'charter, was t&: be three itiles, south of'the most' southerly part of Charles river; the sole q4estioni therefore, to be: settletIj is, a question of construetion of that part of the Massachusetts charter. One set of the Massachusett comniissioners appointed to,.settle this line with Rhode Island, re ported correctly to their legislature the eonstruction whicheach stt relied upon. The Rhode Island corntruction'was, that the most southern part of Charles , iver p operw-Charleszriver itself, that is, what. was known by -the name Qf "Charles riptr,". was 'the point from which to measure off the three tn les.,'O1 the Otherhand, Massachusetts insisted 'that the most soutnerly source or spring head of any run 'of Waterrunning northerly and finding its waxV into.'Charles river, was, to he-' taken as the most southeriy part. of ,Charies rpiver, And accordingly they found a brook, called Mill Brook..whih run from the south ,into Charles river. This they traced :up_to,,a pond, called :'Whiting's Pond'," out of which the brook run; then going to the. south end of thepohd, they found atlother brook, 'called Jack's Pasture Brook, which they traced up south to its spring head, and this they called the most southerly part o harles river. Surely -,there can be no -difficulty in deciding by'the 'charters, which of these constructions is the correct one. These are the merits of the case$

SUPREME COURT.
n [The State of Rhode Island v, The State of Massachusetts.] and I am.sensible that they have no bearing upon the question of ju. risdiction before the Court. But the counsel of Massachusetts have repeatedly introduced the merits; and I presume it is not inl-roper for me to follow him so far as to state them correctly.
Precisely the' same question Was decided more than an hundred years ago, in the controversy between Massachusetts and New Hampshire. The northern boundary of Massachusetts is defined and limited in her charter, in the same terms as her southern boundary. She was to have three miles north of the most northerly part of'the Merrimack river. Upon this The set up the same claim upon New Hampshire, as she now does upon Rhode Island; and by her construction, she would have taken the whole of New Hampshire, and the greater part of the province (now state) of Maine. But her pretensions were decided to be wholly unfounded and unjustifiable; and she was compelled to draw herself within her charter limits. And why has she not respected that decision, and contented herself with the same limits on the south as on tho 'north?
Massachusetts, also, had precisely the same controversy with the state of Connecticut, about the westerly part of this same line; that state and Rhode Island, by their charters (granted about the same time, 1662 3) being both bounded northerly upon the same straight line, to be drawn due east and west throughout. But Connecticut would not submit to the encroachments of Massachusetts. And, although she had entered into a written agreement with her, establishing the line as it then was; and that agreement had been formally ratified and confirmed by the legislatures of both states, (which was never the case withus;) yet Connecticut proved, that misrepresentations anld impositions had been practised upon her commissioners and government, in the running of that line; and she brought Massachusetts to a sense of justice, and obtained from her a large part, ard not the whole of the territory which the latter had wrongfully taken within her limits. And now, whenever you look upon any map including the three states, or th at part of them, you see the Connecticut northern line is miles in advance of that of Rhode Island, which ought to be a continuation of it; and the government of Massachusetts has not caused, and cannot cause any survey or map of that fine state to be taken or published; without recording anew and emblazoning her unjust encroachments upon Rhode Island.
A singul4 appeal was made to'your honours, in the gentle tones of persuasion by the counsel of Massachusetts. They remind the Court

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[The State of Rhode Island v. The State of Massachusetts.] that courts of equity do not countenance'family quarrels, in which the honour and feelings of families may be exposed to injury. Very well. And here is the important state of Massachusetts, surrounded by six other states, all of which show her great respect and deference, and manifest a desire to continue in strict harmony with her. But Massachusetts is not satisfied with this. She encroaches, and encroaches upon her neighbours until their patience is exhausted; and after long forbearance they are compelled, one after another, to complain of her aggressions and seek redress. And thus called upon, here comes Massachusetts quite undisturbed, and to smooth matters over, talks about' family disputes, and family honour, and the relations between neighbouring sister states, which make it improper to listen to their trifling complaints against each other; and so she advises that the com-plainants be reprimanded and sent home. But this did not answer before the old tribunal of the king in council, nor before the American court of appeals. Rhode Island, the last of the injured states, whose grievances alone remain unredressed, entertains a high respect for her-elder sister, Massachusetts. But I take it upon myself, to assure this honourable Court, should it think itself bound in justice to make a decree in her favour, she will not be offended nor complain of it; although the decree must be against that respected elder sister.
Allow me to conclude my remarks more seriously, and with matter more important. The counsel of' Massachusetts have talked much of the proper division of powers between the three great departments of government; the legislative, executive, and judicial. And they insist that the judicial is not the proper department to have cognizance of these controversies.. Pray, have you heard them point out which of the other departments is the proper and appropriate one; or what other tribunal there is to exercise this jurisdiction? The idea of investing the executive with jurisdiction over controversies of any kind, whether political or civil, between states or individuals, has never entered into the head of any man. And is it not evident, that jurisdiction over such controversies cannot consistently be exercised by the legislative 'department of any well-balanced government? And, when the structure of the federal and, state governments, relatively to each other, the partition, limitation, and adjustment of their respective powers, is considered, the incompatibility of such a legislative jurisdiction is stillimore glaring. And, therefore, the constitution of the United States has not per-
VOL. XIL.-4 X

SUPREMI, COURT
[The State of Rhode Island v. The State o Massahuasetto.]
mtted'.the exercise Of any, such ,jurisdiction to' either the egilativo_ or executive department; ..but. has'expressly conf4re& it .ion-the judiciary, which is free from alr the objeci6ns that lay.against..the other two. W4hat then does 'Massachusefts ,mean? Does she man, that in her controversies' 'with' any of her sister states, she ,. not. amenAble to justice, before any tribunal?-And that thereis, n.emedy for an. injured sister state, for any wrongs she may suffer' at' her hands? That there shall be no wrong without-a remedyis o first principle, an axiom, ir all. fre6d governments, Is this the country in which thatk great fundamental. principle of riht and justice is to be first 'abandoned ?
Mr. Justice BL.DWIN delivered the opiniri'of.the C~urt: At the January term 6f this Court, 1832%the: plaintiff filed a bill. in equi y, presenting a case arising under the various charterg fro n.the crown of"England'to the Tlymouth Company, in 1621; to:Masmachusettsin 1629; to.Rhode Island in 1'63'; "the'new charter.to Massachusetts in 1691: together with, s~indryJntermediate Droeeeditigs of the counciL of Plymouth: the "estui.,of which, was to vest, in -lhe colgny 'o. Massachusetts bnd:the king;atl the rights of prbprietyand government previouslygran'teO ,to that' compan,y as a political corO ration. The bill' also set out the repeal of the original. charter of Massafhustts on a seire facias in the court of, chaucery in England, the grant by the crown arid acceptance by .the colopy of a:.ne* charter, subsequent't6 the: 'harter to Rhode Island. All these acts 'are. specially aia at large set-6ut in the-bill, but need
not in this stage of '4e cause be referred to by thd.'Coprt. in detail.
TheV present'the claim of the plaintiff to the terriforv iweontrover~y betWeen the two state s;in virtue,of thes.e charters, acording. to the boundaries therein .described.
Independently of 'the claim undet'the chAiter of1663, the plairtiff asserts a previous ri'ght i'n virtue of grants from the,ndiaris; ad .settlements,,made under a title thuS acquired: and ,algo asserts, that under both titles, the inhabitants of Rhode Island 'made settlefierts' on the lands immediately south of thebofindary between thb two colonies asnow asserted; whidhsettlementa were so mode and contipued from the. time of the purchase from the Indians, befor; .un der the'charter, and. afterwards, thotgh the line was not defined"and dispiuted.:
1The.bill then ,proceeds.'t.bstate",the exastence of, contr0Vesies between the two, colonies, at a very early period; to settld wtiieh'corn-

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
(The State of Rhode Island v. The State of Massachusetts.] missioniers were appointed by each colony in 1709, and at Various Qther periods down to 1809; and sets forth the proceedings of the commissioners of the colonies before the revolution, and the states .aftdrwards, down to 1818.
For 'the present purposes of this case, it is necessary to refer only to one subject matter of these proceedings during this whole period,
which ispresented in the bill in the' same aspect throughout; that subject is the agreement of 1709, and 1718; and the'acts done pursuant thereto,.which are recited at large inthe bill, It then. states the agreement of the commissioners of the two colonies, that a line should be run and.marked as their boundary, which was done; a survey made and returned, together with all the proceedings to the legislatures of the respective colonies, accepted by' Massadhusetts, but as the bill avers, not accepted and ratified by Rhode Island,. This i's the line now claimed by .Mssachusetts; and whether the chartefc line or that, is the true line of right and boundary between the two states, is the only point in controversy in this case.
The bill avers'that this lilne was agreed'on inconsequence of a -representation by the Massachusetts' commissioners to those of Rhode Island, that in 1642, Woodword and Saifreyhad. ascertained thp point, three milek south of Charles river; which, by the charters of. both colonies, was to form their common boundary by a 'lirfe to mun east and west therefrom. That Woodword and Saffrey had set upa stake at that point on Wrentham Plains, as the true southern boundary of Massaqhusetts. That the Rhode Island commissioners, confid'ing in such representation, believing that such point had been truly ascertained, and that such stake was no more than three miles from Charles river, south;, entered into and made the agreement of 1710-1 1, which was executed by the commissioners on both sides.
In the agreement is this clause: That the, stake set up by Woodword and Saffrey, approved artists,, in 1642; and since that often re, newed, in lat. 410 55' N., being three English miles'south of Chales river, in its southernmost part, agreeably to the letters patent to Massachtisetts, be accounted and allowed as the commencement of the line between the colonies, and continued between them as decyphered in the plan of Woodword and Saifrey, on record in the Massachusetts government.
Itis then averred in the bill, that no mark' stake, or monument then existed (1710-i 1') by whith .the place at which Woodword and Saffrey were alleged to have set up the stake could be ascertained; that

SUPREME COURT.
[The State of Rhode Island v,T.he State of Massachusetts.]
none of the parties to the agreement vent to such place; that no survey was made, no line run, or any means taken to ascertain where it was; whether it was three miles or more from Charles river; whether Woodword and Saffrey ever run the line, or whether it was the true boundary line between the colonies, according to their respective charters. that Massachusetts took wrongful possession of the territory in question, in which Rhode Island never acquiesced, and to which she never agreed; but continued to assert her claim from the time of the agreement, to the filing of the bill, to all the territory embraced in her charter, and sovereignty and jurisdiction within and over it, as claimed in the bill. The bill denies that any line Was ever run by Woodword and Saffrey, in 1642; avers that the agreements'of 1710-11, which adopted it, were unfair, inequitable, executed under a misrepresentation and ,mistake as to material facts; that the line is not run according to the charters of. the colonies 'that it is more than seven miles south of the southernmost part of Charles river; that the agreement was made without the assent of the king; that Massachusetts has continued to hold wrongful possession of the disputed territory, and prevents the exercise of the rightful jurisdiction and sovereignty of Rhode Island therein. The prayer of the bill is to ascertairl and establish the northern boundary between the states, that the rights of sovereignty and jurisdiction be restored and confirmed to the plaintiffs, aid they be quieted in the enjoyment thereof, and their title; and for other and further relief.
Onl the service of this bill on the governor and attorney general of aMraesssoalcuhtiuosne,tts, agreeably to a rule of this Court, the legislature passed
authorizing the appearance of the state to the suit, and the employment of,counsel by the governor, to defend the rights of the state. In obedience to this resolution the governol) after reciting it, appointed counsel under the seal of the state, to appear ;and make defence; either by objecting to the jurisdiction of this Court, or by plea, answer or otherwise, at his discretion, as he should judge most
proper.
Under this authority, an appearance was entered; and at January term, a plea in bar, of the plaintiff's bill was filed, in which it was averred: That in 1642, a station or monument was erected and fixed at a point believed to be on the true southern boundary line of Massachusetts, and a line continued therefrom to ,the Connecticilt
river, westwardly; which, station or monument was well known, notorious, and has ever since been called Woodword and Saffrey'd

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
(The State of Rhode island v.The State of Massachusetts.]
station, on Wrentham Plains. It then sets up the agreement of 1709, and subsequent proceedings at large; avers that the whole merits of plaintiff's case, 'as set forth in the bill, were fully heard, tried, and determined, in the hearing and by the judgment of the Rhode Island commissioners; that the agreement was fair, legal, and binding between the parties; that it was a valid and effectual settlement of the matter in controversy; without cover, fraud, or misrepresentation, with a full and equal knowledge of all circumstances by both parties. That such agreement is still in full force, no way waived, abandoned, or relinquished; and that the defendant has held, possessed, occupied, and enjoyed the land, piopriety, and jurisdiction, according to the well known and easily discovered station of Woodword and Saffirey, and the line run by them therefrom, from the date of the agreement to the present time, wihout hindrance or molestation.
The plea then sets forth the subsequent agreement of the two colonies, in 1717 and 1718, touching their boundaries, and a running and marking thereof by their respective commissioners, appointed for the purpose of finally settling the controversy; who, in 1718 agreed that the stake of Woodword and Saffrey, should be the point from which the dividing line should be run, and be forever the boundary between the two governments; notwithstanding any former controversy or claim. That this agreement was recorded, ratified, and confirmed by.the general assembly of Rhode Island; that no false representation was made to their commissioners; that the agreement was concluded fairly, in good faith, with full and' equal knowledge by the respective parties, has never been annulled, rescinded or abandoned, and was in' pursuance and completion of the agreement of 1709. The report of the commissioners is then set out, stating that in 1719 they run and marked a line west, 20 south from the stake of Woodword and Saffrey, at which they met, as the boundary; which report was dpproved by Rhode Island in the same year. The plea then makes the same averment as to these proceedings of 1717, 1718, and'1719, as it did in relation to those of 1709, 1710, and 1711; pleads both agreements and unmolested possession by the defendant, from their respective dates to the present time, as a bar to the whole bill, and against any other or further relief therein; prays the judgment of the Court whether the defendant shall make any further answer to the bill, and to be dismissed
Then the defendant, not waiving, but relying on his plea, by way

SUPREME COURT.
ruhe State ofJ hode Islandm,. The State of Massachusetts.]
of answer auMd in support of. the, plea asa. bar to the, bill, avers that both .agreementsawere a valid and effectual settlement of the'whoje mnatter of controversy in the case, as is insisted on in the plea.
To this plea. a replieatioa was put in but afterwards withdrawn, and notice givef that the,cause would be put down foil hearing on the'plea: ;he cause was continued at the last term; the plaintiff gave notice that he should at this term move to amend the -bill; and the case is now before us for consideration, on a mation by the defendant to dismiss the bill for want of jurisdiction in the cause.
Howeve late this objection? has'been made, or may -be rmade in any cause, in an infeHok or appellate 'cQurt of the United'Statesi, it ,rmustbe considered and decided, before any court can move one further step. in the cause; as any movement is 'hecessarily the exercise of' jurisdetibn. Jurisdiction isfhe .Pow r to bear and determine the wsubjeeti matter in 4ontroversy between parties to-a suit, to adjudicate or. exrcise any judicial power'.over .he'; the question is, whether on the case- befdc a dourr, their apction is judicial' or extra-judicial; with. ot withotat the authority 6f law, to 'render a judgment or deeree.upon the rights of the litigtit-parties. If. the law- confers the ppwel ,fvteoder a judgment or decree, then the court has. jtirisdictiop; what shall be. adjudged or. decree4 between .the parties, and with whih is the right, of the case,.is judicial action, by hearing and determining, t. 6 Peters, .709; 4 Russall,415; 3 Peters,,303-7.'
A motioft to dismiss a cause; pending in the courtsf the Tlnite' States,' is not. analogous to a plea, to thie jurisdiction of a court of common -law,or equity' in England; there the. superior courts hgve a general 'jurisdioticn over-all persons -within the realm, and. all causes of action between them, .Itd,epends on -the subject matter, 'whether the-jurisdiction shall be exercised by a court of law' or equity';. but that' court,, to which it appropriately, belongs, can act judicially upon 'the party and the subject of 'the suit; unless it shall be made apparent to the court that the judicial determfination of the case has been'withdrawn from the' court of general jurisdiction, to an inferior and limited one. It is a necessary presumption that the courtdof general jurisdiction can ac upon the given cse, when nothing appears to the contrary; hence-has' arisen the rule that the party claiming an, exeMption from its process, must set out the measons by a special plea !in abatement; and/ show that some interior court of law or equity has the exclusive cognizance of the case;. etherwisethe superior court must proceed,' in virtue of its general

XAIXTARY TERM, -is.

719

[The State, of ItIiodq bland v. The 'State of Massachusttd.] Jurisdiction. This rule.prevailsboth at law and in eqity. V,es. sen. 204; 2 Ves. sen. 307;.Mit. 183. A motion to dismiss, therefore, eannot be entertained, as it does not and cannot disclose a, case of excep-
ion and if'a.,plea in abatement is put in,. it-must ant only nke out the exceptioti, but point to the particular court to which the case
belongs., Aplaintiff ia law or equity, is not to be drivep from court to court by such pleas; if a defendant seeks to quash a writ, or dismiss a.6i!I fbr sueh cause, he must give the pOainiiff a better one and shall, never put in a second plea to the juri~dictipn of that court, to: which, he"bas driven the plaintiff by his plea. 1 Ves. Sen. 903. Therm are other classesof. cases where.te objeotion ' to:the jukisdi&
tion is of a djfferent nature, as on a bill in'. chancery; that'the lsubjeet matter is cognizable only by the king, in council-, and. no3t by any judicial power, I Ves. sen. 4 4i; or that the parties, defetidant,,cao,. not be brought before, any munkipal court.t on account ',6f their
sovereign, characters and the nature ofthe controversy; as 1 Ve-s iti 3 7 1k 387; 2 Yes. jr. 56, 60;_ or in the very coinmo cases which present the. question, whether the cause properly: belongs to a court of law or-equity To sueh.cases, a pleajn abatement would notbe applicable, because, tIe plaintiff could no.sue, in an inferior coUrt,;, the objection goeo to a.denial,6f any jurisdictiop of a mudicipal court
in oie class of cases; and.Ato the jdrisdiction of, any court of equity or of law intho othe.r: on which 10t, the court decides according'to their legaldiscretion. An objection to jurisdivtion, on the ground, of exemption from the process of the court !&. which the suitS. brought, or ihe: manner in ,which a defendant is brought intoit, is waWrhd by appearance and, pleading. to- issue 10 Peters, 473; TVland v. Sprague, .12 FPeteso, 0.0;. but when.the objection goes to the power of the court. over the parties,. or,the' subject matter, the defendant: need not for he cannot give the plaintiff a better. Writ or bill. Where no inferior. court can- have jari-diction.of a-case in law or ¢qnity, the ground of the oibjection is not takoen by plea in abate-ment, as an exception of. the given case, from the otherwise genesal jurisdiction of the court, appearance does; not Cure the defect of iu dicial power, and it may be relied on by plea, answer,-demurrer, or a.the trial or hearing,,uness, it goes to the manner of bringing the defendant into courti which, iswaived by submission to the process.
As adenial of jurisdiction over the subje.ct matter of a suit ber tween parties.within the realm, over. which and whom the court has
ppwer.to act, cannot be sucqessful in an English court-of general ju,-

SUPREME COURT.
[The State of Rhode Island v. The State of Massachusetts.]
risdiction; a motion like the present could not be sustained consistently with the principles of its constitution. But as this Court is one of limited and special original jurisdiction, its action must be confined to the particular cases, controversies, and parties over which the constitution and laws have authorized it to act; any proceeding without the limits prescribed, is coram non judice, and its action a nullity. 10 Peters, 474; S. P. 4 Russ. 415. And whether the want or excess of power is objected by a party, or is apparent to the Court, it must surcease its action, or proceed extra-judicially.
Before we can proceed in this cause we must, therefore, inquire whether we can hear and determine the matters in controversy between the parties, who are two. states of this Union, sovereign within their respective boundaries, save that portion of power which they have granted to the federal government, and foreign to each other for all but federal purposes. So they have been considered hy this Court, through a long series of years and cases, to the present- terra; .during which, in the case of The Bank of the United States v. Daniels, this Court has declared this to be a fundamental prindiple of the onstitution; and so we shall consider it in deciding on. the present motion. 2 Peters, 590, 91.
Those states, in their highest sovereign capacity, in the convention of the people thereof; on whom, by the revolution, the prerogative of the crown, and the transcendant power of parliament devolved, in a plenitude unimpaired by any act, ahd controllable by no autho-. rity, 6 Wheat. 651; 8 Wheat. 584, 88; adopted the constitution, by which they respectively made to the United States a grant of judicial power over ontroversies between two or more states. By the ,dnstitution, it was ordained that this judicial power, in cases where a state was' a party, should be exercised by this Court as one of original jurisdiction. The states waived their exemption from judicial power, 6 Wheat. 378, 80, as sovereigns by original and inherent right, by their own grant of its exercise, over themselves in such cases, but which they would not grant to any inferior tribunal. By this grant, this Court has ac4uired jurisdiction over the parties' in this cause, by their own consent and delegated authority; as their agent for executing the judicial power of the United States in the cases specified. Massachusetts has appeared, submitted to the process in her legislative capacity, and plead in bar of the plaintiff's action, certain matters on Which the judgment of the Court is asked; all doubts as to juisdiction over the parties are thus at rest., as well

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[The State of Rhode Island v. The State of Massachusetts.]
by the grant of power by the people, as the submission of the. legislature to the process; and calling on the Court to exercise its jurisdiction on the case presented by.the bill, plea, and answer.
Our next inquiry will be, whether we have jurisdiction of the subject matters of the suit, to hear and determine them.
That it is a controversy between two states, cannot be denied; and though the constitution does not, in terms, extend the judicial power to all controversies between two or more states, yet it in terms excludes none, whatever may be their nature or subject. It is, therefore, a question of construction, whether the controversy in the present case is within the grant ofjudicial power. The solution of this question must necessarily depend on the words of the constitution; the meaning and intention of the convention which framed and proposed it for adoption and ratification -tothe conventions of the people of and in the several states; together with a reference to such sources of judicial information as are resorted to by'all courts in construing statutes, and to which this Court has always resorted in construing the constitution. It was necessarily left to the legislative power to organize the Supreme Court, to define its powers consistently with the constitution, as to its original jurisdiction; and to distribute the residue of the judicial power between this and the inferior courts, which it was bound to ordain and establish, defining their respective ppwers,"whether original or appellate, by which and how it should be exercised. In obedience to the injunction of the constitution, congress exercised their power, so far as they thought it necessary and proper, under the seventeenth clause of the eighth section, first article, for:carrying into execution the powers vested by the constitution in the judicial, as well as all other departments and officers of the government of the United States. 3 Wheat. 389. No department could organize itself; the constitution provided for the organization of the legislative pqwer, and the mode of its exercise, but it delineated only the great outlines of the judicial power; 1 Wheat. 326; 4 Wheat. 407: leaving the details to congress, in whom was vested, by express delegation, the power to pass all laws necessary
and proper for carrying into execution all powers except their own. The distribution a.-d appropriate exercise of the judicial power, must therefore be made by laws passed by congress, and cannot be assumed-by any other department; else, the power being concurrent in the legislative and judicial departments, a conflict between them
would be probable, if not unavoidable, under a constitution of go. VOL.XII.-4 Y

SUPRBME COURT.
[The StMe of Rhode Islan v. The State of Massaohfsetts.l
vernment which inadoe it the duty' of the judicial power to decide all cases in law or -equity arising uinder it, or laws passed, and treaties made by its authority.
By theJudiciaryact of 1789,,thejtgdicial system of the United-States was organized, the powers of the different courts defined, brought into action,,and.the manner, of their exercise Tegulatad& T1'he Iath section Provided, "That the Supreme Cout shall have exet~ive. Wrisdiction of all controversies of alcivil nature,, where .;ItAte is a partv. exaept between a state and its citizena; and exceptalso between a state and citizens of other- states or.aliens; in which latter ease, it shall have original,'but' not.exciusive jurisdiction." 1 Story's Laws,
The .powpr of congreis t make this pro iWon for carrying ito eecution the judieial power irw such cases, has ,nerer been, ann we: think. cannot %bequestioned; and talKen 4n connection -with the eontitutio'n, presents the great question.in this cause, which is.one of construction appro'riate"to judicial power, and exelusively of ju dieial cogniatic ,tili the lgislative"power acts again -ipon it. Vide 3 Peters, 203. In deciding whether the- present ease is embr*A or excluded by the constitution and judieiary act, and whether it-is a case of lawful original cognizance bv this Court, it .itsheexercise of jurisdiction; tborit must: be in the, legal discretion of',the (06Eurt, to retain or dismiss the bilk of the plaintiffs. Act as we, may feel it our duty to do, there is no appeal from our jidgmetit saveto the amending power of the constitution; which can aonul not only itp judgments, but the Court itself. So that the trtue question is necessarily, whether 'we will so- exercise. our jurisdiction -as to .:give a judgment on the merits of the case as presented by.the parties, who are' capable of'.suing and being-sied in ithis Court, in law, or -equity, According to' the nature of the case, and controversy between the respective states.
This Court,. in construing the constitution as' to. the grants. of powers tothe United States, and the restrictions upon thel;states, has ever held, thatan exeeption of any particular case, presupposes that those which are not excepted are embraced within the grant'or pro'hibition: and have laid it down as a general rule, that where no'ex'ception' is made in terms, none will bb tnade by mere implication or ,construction. 6) Wh. a78; 8 Wh. 489, 490; 12 Wh. 438; 9 W.b/ 206, 207, 216.
Then-the only question is, whether this case,combs within the rule

JANUARY TERM 1838.
[The State of Rhode Island.v. The State of Massachusetts.] or presents an exception, according to the principles of co.nstruetion adopted and acted on by this Court, in cases involying the exposition of the constitution and la s of the United States, which are construed as other instruments grantihg ppwer or prop.rty. 12 Wh. 437; 6 Peters, 738, 740. That some degree of'implication must be given to words, -is a proposition of universal adoption: implication is but another term for meaning and intention, apparent, in the writing, on judicial inspection,; "the evident consequence," .1 BL. Com. 250 ; "or some necessary consequence resulting from the law," 2 Ves. sen. 351; or the words Of an instrumen6t; in the construction of which, the words, the subject, the context, the inten.tion of the person using them, are all to be taken into view. 4 Wh. 415,; 6 Peters, 739, 741. Such is the sense in which, the common expression is used in the books, "express words or'necessary impli. cation,l such as arise on the words, taken'in 'connection, with other sources of construction; but not by corijecture,,supposition, or imaere reasoning on the meaning or intention of the. writing. l1 rules would be subverted if mere extraneous matter should Have the, effect of interpreting'a supreme law, differently from its obvious or necessarily to be implied sense:, Vide 9 Wh. '188, &c,.; 'soy apparent as.,o overrule the words used; 6 Wh. 380. 14Controversies betveen two or more -states," "all controversies'of ea civil hature, where a state'i a party;"' are broad c6mprehensiv6 terms; by no obvious meaning or nect-.ary implication, excluding: those which relate to the title, boundary, jurisdiction, or sovereignty of a state. 6 Wh. 378.
The judiciary act makes certain exceptions, which' apply only to cases of private persons, and cannot embrace a case of state against state; established rules forbid the extension of the exception ta such cases,.if they are of' a civil nature. -.What then are, "controversies of a civil nature," between state and state, or more than two states?
We must presume that congress did ilot mean to exclude from our
jurisdiction those controversies, the decision of Which the states had, confided to the judicial power, and 'are bound to give to. the consti'-. tution and laws such a meaning as will make them harmonize, unless there is an apparent or fairly to be implied conflict' between their respective provisions, In the construction of the constitution,
e must look to the history of the times, and examine the state of things existing when it was framed and adopted, 12 Wh. 354; 6 Wh. -416; 4 Peters, 431-2; to ascertain the old law, the mischief
and the remedy. It is a part of the public history of the United

SUPREME COURT.
[The State.of Rhode Island v. The State of Massachusetts.]
States, of. which we cannot be judicially ignorant, that at the adoption of the constitution, there were existing controversies between eleven states respecting their boundaries, which arose under their respective' charters, arid had continued from the first settlement of the colonies. New Hampshire and New York contended for the territory which is now Vermont, until the people of the latter assumed by their own power'the position of a state, and settled the controversy, by taking to themselves the disputed territory, as the rightful sovereign., thereof. Massachusetts and Rhode Island are now before us;, Connecticut claimed part of New York and Pennsylvania. She submitted to the 'decree of the council of Trenton, acting pursuant to the authority of the confederation, which decided that Connecticut had. not the jurisdiction; but she claimed the right of sail till 1800. New Jersey had a controversy with, New York, which was before this Court in 1.832; and one yet subsists between New .fersey and Delaware. Maryland and Virginia were contendiIg about boundaries in 1835, when a suit was pendipg in this Court; and the dispute is yet an 'open one. Virginia and North Carolina contended for boundary till 1802; and the remaining states, South Carolina and Georgia, settled their boundary in the April preceding the meeting of the general convention, 'which framed and proposed the constitution. 1 Laws U. S.466. With the full knowledge that there were at its adoption, not only existing controversies between two states singly, but between one state. and two others, we find the words of the constitution applicable to this state of things, " controversies between two' or more states." It is not known that there were any such controversies then existing, other than those which relate to boundary; and it would be a most forced construction to hold that these were excluded from judicial cognizance, and that it was to be confined to controversies to arise prospectively on other subjects. This becomes. the more apparent, when we consider the context and those parts of the constitution which bear directly on the boundaries of states; by which it is evident, that there remained no power in the contending states to settle a controverted boundary between themselves, as states competent to act by their own authority o4 the subject matter, or in any department of the government, if it was not in this.
By the first clauoe of the tenth section of the first article of the constitution, there was a positive prohibition against any state entering into "any treaty, alliancey or confederation:" no power under the

JANUARY TERM, 183s.

725

[The State of Rhode Island v., The State of Masgachusetts ] gbvernment could make such ,an act valid, or dispense with the constitutional prohibition. In the. next clause is a prohibitlon against any state entering "into any agreement or compact with another state, or with a foreign power, without the c~nsent of congress; or engaging, in war, unless' actually invaded, or in imminent danger, ad-
mitting of no'delay." By this surrender'of the power. which before the adoption of the constitution was vested in every 9tate, of settling
these contested boundaries, as in the, plenitude of their sovereignty they might; they 'could settle them neither by war, or in peace, by treaty, .compact or agreement, without the permission, of the new loxislative power which the' states brought into -existence byrtheir respective and several grants in conventions of the people. if congCess consented, then the states were -in this respect restored to their original inherent sovereignty; such consent being the sole limitation ,imposed by the.constitution, when given, left the states as they were before, as held b'y this Court ii Poole v. Fleeger; 11 Peters,'209; whereby theircompacts became of binding force, and finally settled 'the boundary between them; operating with the same effect as a treaty between sovereign powemr. That is, that the boundary 'so, established, and fixed'by compact between nations, become conclusive upon all the subjects and-citizens thereof, ahd bind'their rights; and are to be, treated to' all intents and purposes, as the true real boundaries.
1'1 Pbters, '209; S,,P. I Ves. sen. 448, 9; 12 Wheat. 534. The construction of such compact is,.a judicial question) and was so considered by this Court in thd-Lessee of Sims v; Irvine, 3 Dall. 425-54; and in Marlatt v. Silk & M'Donald, II Peters, 2, 18; Barton v. Williams, 3
Wheat. 529-33, &c. In looking to the practical construction of this clause of the con-
sfitutibn, relating to agreements and compacts by the states, in' submitting those which relate to luoundaries to congress for its conset, its giving its consent, and the action of this Court upon them; it is most manifest, that by universal consent and action, the wordp "agreement" and "compact," are construed to include those which relate to boundary; yet that word boundary is not used. No one has ever imagined that compacts of boundary were excluded, because not expressly named; on the contrary, they are held by the states, congress, and this Court, to be included by necessary-implication;
the evident consequence resulting from their known object, subject matter, the context, and historical reference to the state of the times and country. No such exception has been thought of, as it would

SUPREME COURTI.
[The State of Rhode Island v;The State of Massachusetts.] render' the clause a perfect nullity for all practical purposes; esnecially the one, evidently intended by the constitution, in giving to congress the power' of dissenting to such compacts. Not to prevent the states from settling their own boundaries, so far as merely affected their relations to each other, but to guard against the derangement of their, federal relations With the other states of the Union, and the federal government; which might be injuriously affected, if the contracting states might act upon their boundaries at their pleasure.
Every reason which has led to this construction, applies with equal force to the clause granting to the judicial power jurisdiction over controversies between states, as to that clause which relates to com-pacts and agreements: we cannot make an exception of controversies relating to boundaries, without applying the same rule to compacts for settling them; nor refuse to include them within one general tetmm, When they have uniformly been included in another. C6irteoversies about boundary, are more serious in-their consequences upon the' contending states, and their relations to the Union and governments, than compacts and agreements. If the constitution-has given to no department the power to settle -them, they must remain interminable; and as the large and powerful states can take possession to the extent of'their claim, and the small and weak ones "must acquiesce and submit to physical power; the possession of the large state must consequently be peaceable and uninterrupted;,prescrip-.
tion will be asserted, and whatever may be the right and, justice of the controversy, there can be no remedy, though just-rights may be violated. Bound hand anrd foot.by the .prohibitions of the constituition, a complaining state can neither treat, agree, or fight with its' adversary, without 'the consent of congress: a, resort to the judicial power is the only means left for legally adjusting, or persuading a state which has. possession- of disputed territory, t5 enter into an agreement or compact, relatins to a controverted boundary. Few, if any, will be made, -hen it is left to the pleasure of the state in pogsession; but when it is known .that some'tribunal can decide on the right, it is most probable that controversies will be settled, by compact.
There can be but two tribunals under the constitution who can act oa, the boundaries of states, the legislative or the judicial power; the former is limited in express terms to assent or dissent, where a compact or agreement is referred to them by the states; and as the.latter

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

,727

[The Statp of Rlhde.Island V. The State-of Masaohus~tts., qan, be exercised only by thisCourt, when -a :state is, a party, the power is here, or it cannot exist. For these reasons we cannot be persuaded that it coald have been intend toprovide o.ly for the-

settlement of boundaries, when states couldagree;' and to altogbther withhold the power to decide controversies on which the states could not agree, and presented the most imperious call for speedy settle-, ment.
There is another clause in the constitution which bears onthis question. The judicial power extends to "controversies between citizens of different states;" "between citizens of the same state claiming lands under grants of different states." We cannot but know: judicially, that the latter classes of cases must necessarily arise on boundary; and that :few if any ever arise from any other source. If there is a compact between the states, it settles the Jine of 9riginal rights it is the law of the case binding on the states and itsCii ens, as fully as if t had beep never contested; if there is no compact, then the conitroversy must be settled, by adjudging where the line of boundary.ought to be, by the laws and rules appropriate to the case. 6 Wheat. 393; 2 Peters, -300. It is -hot recollected- that,,any, such cases have ever arisen, "bVetween citizens of the same state," as the judiciary acts have made no provision Jbr this exercise of this undoubted constitutional jurisdiction; and it is not'-fiecessary for tne
decision'of. this cause, to inquire whether a law is necessary for this purpose. But for the other class' of cases "c)ntrov-,sies between citizens of different states," the'eleventh sectiolp of.the :'udibiary act makes provision; and the circuit courts in their original aid this Court in. its appelate jurisdiction, have decided on the boundaries of the states, under whom'the parties respectively claim.;, Whether there has been a'compactor. not. Thh jurisdiction of the circuit court in sdeh cases'was distinctly an4 expressly asserted by this Court as ea'rly)as ,1799,Ain Fowler-v. Miller, 3 Dall. 411-12; S. P. 5 Peters, 290. ' In Handly's' -Lessee v. Aithony, the circuit court of Kbntuekv decided oi the, boundary between that state ard Indiana, in an ejectment between these parties; and their judgment Was affirmed hb th6s Court.' 5 Wheat. 375; 3 Wheat.12- 8 S. P. Harcourt v. GaiF 1ird, 12 Whent. .523. When the boundaries of states can be thus de eidod collaterally in suits between individuals, we oanfiot,.'by anyjust rule of interpretation, declare that this Court cannot adjqdicate on the question of boundary, when it is presented ,directly. in a contro-
versy between two or more states, and is the only point in the cause.

SUPREME COURT.
[The State of Rhode' Island v.'The State..of Massachusetts]
There is yet another source of reference, from which to ,ascertain the true construction oftihe coostitution.
By'the ninth article of confederation adopted by the legislatures-of the several states, it is provided, "That the United States- in congress assembled, shall also be the last resort on appeal, in all disputes and differences now subsisting, orwhich may hereafter arise between two or more states, concerning boundary, jurisdiction, or 'any other cause whatever.". It directed the appointment of a tribunal, whose judgment should be fihal and conclusive. It also gave to congress power to appoint a judicipi tribunal to decide on a petition of either of the parties, claiming land under'grants of two or more states, Whq bad :adjusted their boundaries, but had previptoly made the granfs on which thec0ntroversy arose. One of thbe most crying evils of the confederation was, that it created no judicial power without the action of congress; and confined the power pf that body to the appointment of eourts for the trial of piracies and felonies committed on the high seas; for determining finally on appeal, in all cases of captures; and for the adjustment of the controversies before referred to. Yet defective as was the confederation in other respects, there was) full power to finally settle controverted boundaries in the two cases, by ah appeal by a state, or petition of one of its citizens. This power was given from the universal conviction of its niecessity, in order to preserve harmony among the confederated states, even during the pressure of the revolution, If in this state of things, it was. deemed indispensable to create a special jhdicial ,power, for the sole
and express purpose of finally settling all disputes concerning boundary, arise how they might; when this power was plenary, its judgment conclusive on 'the right;, while the other powers delegated to. congress, were mere shadowy forms, one cofclusion at. least is in-
evitable. That the constitution which emanated directly from the people, in conventions ini the several states, could not have been in-
tended to give to 4he judicial power a less extended jurisdiction, or less effioient means -f fipal action, -than the articles of confederation adopted by the -merelegislative power of the states,, had given to a special tribunal appointed by 6ongresm, whose members, were the, mere creatures and representatives of state legislatures, appointed by them,,without any action by the people of the state. This Court exists by a direct grant from the people, of their judicial power; it is exercised by their authority, as their agent selected by themselves, for the purposes specified; the people of the states as they respec-

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
(The State of hode Island v. The State .of Massathusetts.]
tively became parties to the constitution, gave to the judicial power of, the United States, jurisdiction over themselves, controversies between states, between citizens of the same or different states, claiming lands under their conflicting grants, Within disputed territory. No, fact was more .prominent in our history, none could hav been more stronglr impressed on the members of the general and state conveitions, Ulan- that contests for the vacant lands of the crown, long threatened the'dissolution of the confederation, Which existed practically and by common consent, from 1774 to 1781; when,after five years of disus~en, it was ratified by th -legislatures of all th a states. This Court has attested the fact, 6 -Cranch, 142; 5 Wheat. .376. Similar danger was imminent, from controversies about boundaries between the states, til1 provision wAs made for theirdeeision,, with a ,proviso, "That no state should be deprived of territory for'the benefit of the United States." 1 Laws U. S. 17. These, two provisions taken in connection, put an end to any fears of convulsion, by the contests of states about boundary and jurisdiction, when any state could, by appeal, bring the powers of congress and a judicial tribunal intoactivity;. and the United States could not take any vacant land -within the boundary of a state. Hence resulted the principles laid down, by this Court in Harcourt and Gaillard, 12 Wheat. 526, thrt the boundaries.of the United States were the external boundaries of the several states; and that the United States did not acquire any 'territory by the treaty of peace, in 1783.
Yet though this express provision was made to settle controverted boundaries by judicial power, congress had no supervision over compacts and agreements between states as to boundary, save on grants made before the compact; the states did, and could so settle them without the consent of congress, to whom, as no express power on or over the subject of such compacts was delegated, their dissent could not invalidate them. 'Such was the law of the confederacy during a common war, when external danger could not suppress the danger of dissolution from internal dissentions; when owing to the imbecility of congress, the powers of the states b~ing reserved for legislative and judicial purposes, and the utter want of power iii the United States to act, directly on the people of the states, 0n the rights of the states (except those in controversy between them) or the subj~ect matters, on which they had delegated but mere shadowy jurisdiction, a radical change of government became necessary. The constitution, which superseded the articles of confederation, erected
VOL. XII.-4 Z

730

SUPREME COURT.

[The State of Rhode Island v. The Stata of Massachusetts.]
a new government, organized it into distinct departments, assigning to'each' its appropriate powers, and to congress the power to pass laws for carrying into execution the powers granted to each; so that the laws of the Union could be enforced by it, own authority, upon all persons and subject matters, over which jurisdiction was granted to any department, or, officer of the government of the United States. It was, to operate 'ina time of peace with foreign powers, when foreign pressure Was not in itself some bond of 'union between the states, 'and danger from domestic sources might be imminent; to extend the legislative, executive and judicial power, alike over persons and states, on the enumerated subjects by their own grants. The states submitted to its exercise, waived their sovereignty,- and agreed to come -to this Court to settle their controversies with each other, exepthng none in terms. So they 'had agreed by the confederation; not only liot.excepting, but in express terms including, all disputes and differences whatever.,
In the front of the constitution is a declaration by t&e sovereign power from 'which it emanated; that. It was ordained, " in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquillityV&,c, Whether it was best calculated to effect these objects
,by making the judicial power utterly incompetent to exercise .a jurisdiction' expressly delegated to- the old congrp)s and its constituted court, over states and their boundaries, in the plenitude of 'absoiutQ power,, yet granted only by the legislative power of the several states; orkwhether the powers granted to, this Court by the people of all the states, ought by !mere construction and implication, to be held inefficient for the objects of its creation, and not capable of" establishipg justice'- between two or,mre,states; are the direct' questions before, us for consideration. Without going further into any general eonsideration on the subject, 'there is one which cannot be overlookedj and. is imperious in its results.
Under the confederation, the states were fr~e to settle their controversies of any kind whatever by compact or agreement; under the eonstitution they. can enter 'into none without the consent of congress, in the e ercise 6f its political power; thus making an amicable
adustment a political matter for th. concurring determination of the
states and congress, and ,its construction a matter of judicial cognizance by any. court -towhich the appropriate resort may be,had, by the judiciary act.
This has unitormly been done in the courts of the states, and

JANUARY .TERM, 1838.

731

[The.State of Rhode Igland v. The Ptata Of Messachusettu.) Union; no one has ever deemed suchan exercise of power to be extra-Judicial, or a case which lalled for it to be coram non judice. When, 'therefore, the court judicially inspects the articles of confederation, the preanmble to the constitution, together with the surrender, by'the -states* of all power to settle their contested 'boundaries, with the express grant of original jurisdiction to this Cou'rt; we feel not only. authorized, but bound to declare that it is capable of applying its judicial power, to this extent at lest" 1, To act'as the tribunal substituted by the constitdtion in place of that which existed at the time of its adoption, on 1the sme controversies, and to a like effect. 2. As the substitute of the contending states, by 'their own grant,imade in their"'most sovereign capacity, conferring that preexisting power, in relation to their own boundaries, Which they had not surrendered to the legislative department; thus separating the
exercise of political fromjudicial power, and defining each. There is bUt one power in this Union paramount'to that by which,
i our opinidn, this jurisdiction has been granted and must be brought
into action'if it can. That power has been exerted in the 11th amendment: but while it took from this Court all jurisdiction, past, present, and future,:3 Dall. 382, of all -controversies between states and individuals; it left its exiercise over those between states as free as it had been before This, tob, with the full view of the decisions

of this Court, and.the act of 1789, giving, it exclusive jurisdiction of :all controversies o' a civil nature, where a 'state is a party; and there can be no 'subject on which the judicial power can act with a more direct and certain tendency, to effectuate the great objects of its institution, than the one before us. 'If we canrot "establish justice" between these litigant states, as the tribunal to which they'have both submitted th6 adjudication of their respective controversies, it will be a source of deep regret to all who are desirous that each department of the government' of the Union 'should have the capacity of acting within its appropriate orbit, as 'the instrument appointed by the constitution, so to execute its agency' as to make this bond of union between the states more perfect, and 'thereby enforce the domestic tranquillity of each and all.,
Being thus fully convinced that we have an undoubted jurisdiction of this cause, as fqr as we have proceeded in examining'whether, by a true and just construction of the constitution and laws, it is included or excluded, in the grant ofjudicial power, for any purpose;

SUPREME COURT.
[Tire State of Rhode Island v. Tho State of Massachusetts.]
we now Proceed to' inquire hiow that jurisdiction shall be exerted; whether to retain or dismiss the complainant's bill.
This depends on our-jurisdiction over any of the matters on whizh the plaintiff asks our interposition. If there is auy one subject on which we can act, the bill must be retained: so ,that the true inquiry is, not,as to the extent, but the' existence of any jurisdiction. I Ves. sen. 203, 205; 9 Ves. serr, 356.
The bill prays, 1. For the ascertaining and establishing the boun-
dary line between the states, by the order of this Court. 2. That the right of jurisdiction and sovereignty of the plaintiff
to the disputed, territory may be restored to her, and she be quieted in the enjoyment thereof, and her' titld thereto; and for further relief. If we can decree any relief 'specially called for, or any other relief, consistently, with' the specific prayer, we' must proceed'in the cause. 10 Pet. 228; 8 Pet. 536.
The first prayer is,to ascertain and establish a boundary. -'Having expressed, our opinion that the subject of boundary i within our jurisdiction, we must exercise it to some extent, and 'on some matter connected with; or dependent, upon it; and as the bill is on the, equity side of the Court, it must be 'done according to the principles and usages of a court of equity.
In the bill 'are set forth various. cnarters from the crown, from 1621, to 16910, and sundry proceedings by the grantees and the crown, in relation thereto ; also agreements' between the parties as ,colonies and states, for adjusting their boundaries, and the proceedings of.their respective legislatures and commissioners, in relation thereto, from' 1709, to 1818. The plaintiff relies, on the charters of the tw-colonies as the rule by which to settle the boundary; on the continued assertion, of her rights, as well by the charter, as her previous purchase from the Indians: denying' altogether the 'validity of theagreements and subsequent proceedings; averring that they were made under misrepresenttion and mistak6, as to material facts. On the other hand, the defendant pleads the agreements as a bar; that they are binding, anal have been ratified by the plaintiff:' so that the plaintiff rests his case on a question of original boundary, unaffected by any agreement; the defendant rests on the agreements, without regard to the original charter boundaries. One -asking us to annul, the. other to enforce 'the agreements; one averring continual claim, the other setting up Ihe qviet, u'nmolested possession for. more than a century, in strict c'onformity to, anl by the line in the agreements.

J3NUARY TERM, 1838.
[The State of Rhode Island v. The State of Massaohusetts.]
Our first inquiry-then must be, as to our power to settle, the boundary' in other words, to decide what portion of the territory in dispute belongs to lhe one state or the other,, according to' th&'line which is their common boundary. There is nqt in fact, or by any law can be, any territory which does not belong to one or the other state;'so that the only queStion is, to which thd territory belongs. This must depend on the right by which each state claims the territory in question. Both claim under grants of'contiguous territory, by the-king, in whom was the absolute propriety and full doininion in and over it; 9 Peters, 745, to 748; 8 Wheat. 595; the line drawn, or pointed out inhis grant, is therefore that which is designated iii the two charters as the common boundary of both. 5 Wheat. 375..
The locality of that line is matter of fact, and, when ascertained. separates the territory of one from the' other; for neither state can have any right beyond its territorial boundary. It follows, that when a place is within the boundbary, it is a part of the territory of a state; title, jurisdiction, and sovereignty, are inseparable incidents, and remain so till the state makes some cession. The plain language of this Court in The United States v. Bevans, 3 Wheat. 386, et seq., saves the necessity bf any reasoning on this subject. The .question is put by the .Court-" What then is the extent of jurisdiction which a state possesses?" "We answer, without hesitation, the jurisdiction of a state is coextensive with its territory, coextensive, with its legislative power. The place described, is unquestionably within the original territory of Massachusetts. It is, then, within the jurisdiction :of Massachusetts, unless that jurisdiction has been ceded to (" by") the united States, Ib. 387." "A cession of territory is essentially a Cession of jurisdiction, lb. 388. Still the general jurisdiction over the place, subject to this grant of power, (to the United States,) adheres to the territory as a portion of sovereignty not yet. given away. lIb. 389. I This principle is embodied in the sixteenth clause of the eighth
section, fi rst article of the constitution, relative to this districti -forts, arsenals, 'dock. yards, magazines; and uniformly applied to all acquisitions of territory by the United States, in virtue of cessions by particular states, or foreign nations. 5 Wheat. 324; 5 Wheat. 375; 3 Wheat. 388, 89; 2 Peters, 300, &c Title, jurisdiction, sovereignty, are therefore dependent questions, necessarily settled when boundary is ascertained, which being the line of territory, is, the

suPREME COURT
[7he Stafe of Rthode Island v. The StAtefMivdhuMetf], Hne of, power over it: so that great as questions of jurisdiction -nai sovereignty maybe, they depend in, this case on two simple fabts, 1. Where is the southernmost point of Chaf'les river., 2. Where is.
the point, three English miles in &south line, drawn from it,. When these points are uscertained, which by he terms are those called for in both charters, then an east and west line from the second point,, is hecessarily the boundary between the two states, if the chartere govern it.
If this Court can, in a case of. original jurisdiction,' where both parties appear, and the plaintiff refts his case on these f'acts, proceed to ascertain them; there must be an end of this cause when they are:ascertained.,if the issue between them is pori riginal right by the charter boundaries. We think it does not require reason or precedent, to show that we may ascertaini facts with or without a jury, at our discretion, as the circuit courts, and all others do, in the-ordinary course of equity,: our power to examine the evidence in the cause, and thereby ascertain a fact, cannot depend' on it' effects, however important in their consequences. Whether the -sovereignty of the United States, of a state, or the property of an irldividual, depends on the locality of a tree, a stone, or water-cqurse; whether the riht depends oni a charter, treaty, cession, compact, or a common deed ; the right is to territory great or small in extent, and power over it, either of kovernment or private property; the title of a state is sovereigrty, full and absolute- dominion; 2 Peters, 300, 301 ; the title of ,4h individual such as the'state makes it by its grant and law
No court acts differently in deciding on boundary between- states, than on lines betveen separate tracts of land: if there is uncertainty where the line is, if there is a confusion of bounaaries by the nature of interlocking grantsi the obliteration of marks, the intermixing of, #ossession under different proprietors; the effects of accident, fraud, -or time, or other kindred causes, it is a case appropriate to equity. An issue at law, is directed, a commission of boundary'awarded; or, if the court'are satisfied without either, they decree- what and where the boundary of a farm, a manor, province, or'a state, is and shall be.
When. no other matter affects a boundary, a decree settles ,it as having,been byoriginal right at the place decreed; in the same manner as has bien stated where it is settled by treaty or compact; all dependent rights are settled when boundary is; -1 Yes. sen.,.448 to 450. If, therefore, there was an issue in this case, on the locality of the point three miles south of the southernmost point of Charles river, we

JANUiARY TERM, 1838.

735

[The State -ofRhode Island vi The State of Mssachupetu.]. should be 'competent to decide it; and decree where 'the botndgry between the states was in 1629,-and 1663, at the dates. of their'respective charters.
On these principles, it becomes unnecessary to'decideon the re maining prayers of the bill;, if we grant 'the first, and settle boundary, the others, follow- and if. the plaintiff obtains relief as to that, he wants no other. ''The'established forms of seIh' decrees exte-d'to. every thing in manner or way necessary to' the final establishment of the boundary, as the true line of right and power between the parties.
This, however, is not a case where there is an issue on original bbundary; the defendant does 60t rest on that'fact, but puts .in a plea setting up an agreement or compact of boundary between the parties *hikle colonies, and the actual establishment of a line agreed on, run, marked, and ratified by both colonies, long possession, and a right' by prescription' to all. the territory north of such line. This presents a case on an agreement on one side, alleged to be conclusive upon every matter 'complained of in the bill; on the 'other, to beinvalid for the reasons alleged. If this matter of the plea is sufficient in law,/.and true in fact, it ends the' cause; if not so in both respects, then the parties are thrown back on their original rights, according to their respective claims to the territory in question; by charters, or purchase friom the Indians. If, then, we can act at all on the case, we must, on this state of the,pleadings, decide on the legal sufnciency of the plea, if true, as on a demurrer to it; next, on"the 'truth of its averments; and then decide whether it bars .the complaint of the plaintiff, and all relief: if it does not, then we must ascertain the thct on which the whole controversy turns. In the first aspect of the case, it presents a question of. the most common ,and.undoubted jurisdiction of a court of' equity;' an agreement Which' the defendant sets up as conclusive to bar'all relief, and the-plaintiff, asks to be declared void, on grounds of the most, clear and appropriate cognizance in equity. and not cognizable-in a c06urt of law., A false re, presentation made by otte party, confided in by the other, as- to a fact On which the whole cause depends; the execution of the agreement, and all pioceedings under it, founded on a mistaken. belief 6f the truth of the fact represented. We must, therefore, do'something in the cause, unless the defendants have, in their objections, made out this to be an exception to the usual course of equity, in its action
on questions of boundary.

'736

SUPREME COURT.

[Thi State of Rhode Island v. The State-of Massachusetts.]
It is said that this is a political, not civil controversy between the parties; and so not within the constitution, or thirteenth section of the judiciary act.
As it is viewed by the Court, it is on the bill alone, had it been demurred to, a controversy as to the locality of a point three n-iles south of the sontbernmost point of Charles river; which is the only question which can, arise under the charter. Taking the case oft the bill and llea, the question is, Whether the. stake set up on Wrentham Plain, by Woodword and Saffrey, in 1642, is the true point from which. to run an east and west line, as the compact boundary between the states. In the first aspect of the case,_it depends on"a fact; in the second, dn the law of equity, whether the agreement is void or valid: neither of which present a political controversy, but one, of an ordinary judicial nature, of frequent occurrence in suits 'between individuals. This controversy, then, cannot be a politieal one, unless it becomes so by the effect of the settlement of the boundary; by a decree on the fact, or the agreement; or because the contest is between states as to political rights and power, uncofinected with the original, or compact boundary.
We will not impute to the ,men who conducted the colonies .at hbme, and in congress, in the three declarations of their rights previous to the consummation of the revolution, from 1774, to 1776, and its final act, by a declaration of the rights of the states, then announced to the world; an ignorance of the effects of territorial boundary between them, in both capacities. Every declaration of the old congress wou:d be falsified, if the line of territory is held not to have been, from the first, the line of property and power. The cdngress, which, in 1777,'framed and recommended the articles of confederation for adoptiob, by the legislative power of the several states; were acting in a spirit of fatuity, if they thought that a final and conclusive judgment on state boundaries, was not equally decisive as to the exercise of political power by a state; making it rightful within, but void, beyond the adjudged line.
The members of the general and state conventions, were alike fatuitous, if they did, not comprehend, and know the effect of the states submitting contr'oversies between themselves, to judicial power; so were the members of the first congress of the constitution, if they could see, and not know, read, and not understand its plain provisions, when many of them assisted in its frame.
The founders of our government could not but know, what has

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

737

[The State of.Rhode Island v. The State of Massa'chusetfi.]
ever been, 'and is familiar to every statesman and jurist, that all c ntroversies between nations, are, in this sense, political, and not judicial, as none but the sovereign' can settle them. In the declaration of independence, the states: assumed their equal station among the powers of the earth, and assdrted that they could of right do, what other independent states could d6; " declare war, make peace, contract, allianees;' of cossequence, to settle their controversies witha foreign power, or' among themselves, whitii no state, and no'power could do' for them, They did contract an alliance with France, in 1'78; and with each other, in 1781: the object'of both was tn defenid and secure their asserted rights as .tates; but they surrendered to congress, and its appointed Court, the right and power of settling their mutual 'controversies; thus? making them judicial questios, whether they arose on "boundary, jurisdiction, or any .other cause
whatever." There is neither the authority',of law or, reason for the position, that boundary between nations or states, is,' in its nature, any more a political question, than any other subject on which they may ,contend. None can be settled Without War or treaty, which is by political power; but under the old )nd new confederacytihey could and can be settled by a court constituted by themselves, as their own, ,substitutes, authorized to do that for states, which' states Aone could do before. W are thus' pointed to the true. boundary line between political and judlcial power, and questions, A sovereign deicides by his own will, which is the supreme law within his own boundary; 6 Peters, 714; 9 Peters, 748; a court, or judge, decides according to. the law prescribed by the sovereign power, and thatlaw is the rule
for judgment. The submission 'by the sovereigns, or states, to a court of law 0r 'equity, of -acntitoveroy between them, without prescribing any rule of decision, gives: power to decide according to the appropriate law. of 'the case; 11 Ves. 294; which ,depends on the subject matter, the source pnd nature of the claims of the parties, and the law which governs them. From the time of such submissio6, the question ceases to be apolitical one, to be decided by the sic volo, sic jubeo, of political power; it, comes to the court to be decided by its judgment, legal'discietion, and solemn consideration of the rules of law appropriate to its nature as a judicial question, dependin'g on the exercise ofjudicial power; as it is bound to act by,known and'settled principles of national or municipal jurisprudence, as the case requires.
It has never been contended that 'prize Courts of admiralty jurisVOL. XII.-5 A

738

SUPREME .CQURT.

[The State ot'Rhodeasland'v. The State of Massachusett.j
dietion, or questions bbfore them, are not strictly judicial; they deeideon questions of war and peace, the law of nano^S, treaties, aId the muniaipal.laws of the capturing nation, by .which alone they are '¢onstituted; a fortiori ,if .such courts, were 'constituted by a solemn treaty between the state unler whose authority'the capture was mide, and 'the, state whose, itizens or subjects suffer by the capture. All' hafions spibmit to the. jurisdiction of' such cojurts over their subjects, and hold.their final decrees/ conclrsive on rights'ofproperty. 6 Cr.
284-&.
These considerations lead to the definition, of political and judicial power and qtiestiorls; {he former is that.which a sovereign or state exerts. by his or its own ahthorityi as teprisal and confiscation; 3 yes. 429. the latter, is, that which is'granutedto a court or judicial tribu.nal So of,controvefsieshbetween ,states;, they are in their nature.political,
whenthe.sovereign or state reseryes :to:itself the right of deciding on
itj mfakes, it the "subject of .a treaty, to. be settled as between states irdependent,'" or "the foindation of, represenmtaions from state to stqte." This is political equity', to b adjuged by-the parties them-

selves,*as contradi'stiinguished from juaicial equity, 'admioitere byt court of justice, decreeing 'the equumoet bonum of the case, let who or what be 'the parties before them. 'These 4re the definitions Of laW as made in the great Maryl nd case of Barclay y. 'Russell, 3 Ves. 436,i as they have: long been settled:. rd established.. their correctness 'vil be(tested bya. reference to the question.of original 'boundary, as it ev.er has been, andyet is by the constibtio.I of England;. which was ours betore the revolhti4n, while eolonies; 8 Wheat., 588;. as it was hee from 177.1 lo 1484, thence to 1788, and since by the contitution as 'expoundedby this Cour.
If the.question concerning the bouiidaries, of contigu'ou pieces of land, manors; lordships, or counties 1%latine, arises within the, 'relm, it wa cognizable in the highocorirt, of chancery, 'in an 'approiirte case; a mere question of title'to any defined part, was cognizabl eonly by ejectment': or real action in a court 9f ltaw, which were ,in either case judicial questions. I Ves.'sei..4467., If between counts'Pala tine, boundary involved not only-the: right of soil, but the highest fan.hise known to the law of England, jura regdia%, to ,the same extent as the kig in right of the crown: and'royal jurisdictiin, Palatine jurisdiction was a qualified ev'ereignty, till abridged by the 24 H., 8. ch. 24, Seld.'.Tit. Hon, 380o,382, 638, 838; 1 Black. Commentaries, 108-17; 7 Co. 19; Cro. EL240; 4 D. C.. D; 450, &c;, The

ANUJARY TERM, 1838.

.739

[Thhe ta& oCRfode .s1a1nd-v. Tfie Btati 4Machusettij

count appointed

cothupr.tjsu'dogfelsaw :And equity; 'theking's

Writs-did not vun into his couaty; w'rits.wer'e: in his'n'me, and in

dictmenit against'his peadq, Co. Iist. 204-18. Yet his jqfriqdictioni

his royalties,, and jura regalia, &c., existed or disappeared, accord-

ing as a chancellorshould decre as to boundary.' 'Pennv. Baltimore; 1 -Ves. sen. 448-9, &c, The king: had no jurisdictior over' boun-

dary 'Within the realm, without he hid: it iaall 'his dominions, as the

absolute owner of the territory, from whom all title And power must,

flow; I BI. Com 241; Co. Litt, 1;' Hob. 322;. 7"..D. 76; Cowp.

205-11; 7 Co.i7, b,,as,the supreme legislator; save a limited ow~r

in parliament., He could make and ufmake boundaries in any part-

of his '4ominions, except in proprietary, provinces. He exercised

this power by treaty, as in 1763, by limiting the tolonies to the Mis-

sissippi, whose charters extended to the South sea: by proclamation,

which was a supreme law, as in Florida and Georgi a, 12 Wheat. 524;,

1 Laws'U. S. 443-51 by order in council, as between Massachusetts

and New Hampshire, cited 'inthe argument.:, But irf all cases it wa's

by his political power, which was competent t6 disineinber 'royal,

thougl it was not exercised on the'chartered or proprietary pro-

vinces. M'Intosh v. Johnson, 8 Wheat. 580. Ih council, the king

had no original judicial power, 1 Ves. sen. 447.. He decided on ap-

peals from 'the colonial. courts, settled boundaries, in virtue of his

prerogative; where there was no agreement; but if there is a disputed

agreement, the king cannot decree on it, and therefore, the iouncil

remit it to be determined in another place, on the foot of the contract,

1 Ves. sen. 447. In virtue of his prerogative, where' there was no

agreement, .1Ves.. sen. 205, the king acts. not as a judge, but as the

sovereign acting by the advice of his counsel, the members 'whereof

do not and 'canhot sit as judgeS. B3y the statute 20 E. 3, ch. 1, it is

declared, that "the king hath delegated his whole 'judicial power fo

the judges, all matters of judicaturie according to the laws," 1 Ruff.

246; 4 Co. Inst. 70, 74: he had, therefore, none to extercise: and

judges, though members of council, did not .sit in judicature, but

merely as his advisers.

The courts had no jurisdiction over the colonies, persons or pro-

perty therein, except in two cases; colonies and provinces being.cor-

porations Under' letters patent, 3 Ves. 435, were amenable to the

king in thp king's bench, by quo warranto,'which is a prerogative

writ; and, a scire facias, in chancery, to repeal the letters patent, which

is a part of the 'statutory jurisdiction of that court in such cases, by

740

SUPREME COURT.

[The State of Rhode I'sland V. The, State of Massachusetts.] the court in chancery, also in virtue of the royal prerogative, by which the charter was made. But. chancery could not'.act on boundaries in the royal or chartered colonies:, it could act on lords proprietors 'of provinces, when they were- in the realm, where they Avere, subjects; though in their provinces they, were sovereign, dependent only on-the crown'and the general supremacy of parliament. Acts of parliament did not bind them, unless extended to them expressly,
or by, necessary consequence, 2 Ves, sen. 351. They had- all the powers of.'counts palatine, the absolute propriety of soil, and the powers of legislation; the onl3 restraint upon them wasby the powers reserved to.the king by his letters patent, and allegiance to the crown in matters of prerogative not granted. Th4e power of parliamer -was,o1 the American principle of the revolution, confined to the regulation of "external commerce;" though by the English tprinciple, ,it extended to all cases whatever, Yet sovereign as they were as to all.things,'except those, relating to the powers of the king and parliament, chancery could and did-action agreements between them as to their boundaries, in the case of Penn v. Baltimore;' though it could not have done so had they stood at arms' length; in which case the king
in council -could alone have decided the original boundary on an appeal, 1.Ves. senw. 446. Chancery Ialso could' and .id decide on the title to the Isle of Man, which was a feudal kingdom:' on a bill for discovery of 'title, ielief as to rectories and tithes, which was a mete 'franchiseea plea to jurisdiction was overruled.- Derby v. Athol, 1 Ves. Sen, 202;. S, P. Bishop of Sodor & Man v. E. Derby, 2 Ves, se.i. 337, 356.
In each of these cases, objections to -the jurisdiction were made similar to those mhde in this, 'but were overruled; and neither the authority or principles of either have been questioned- on 'the contrary, they have been recognised and adopted by all courts which follow the course of the law ,of England; yet each involved the same question as the present. In the first, the decree as to'boundary settled by coisequence the collateral and dependentqtestions of title, jurisdiction, and sovereignty, of and over the disputed territory; in the two last, on a suit for rectories and tithes, the' title to a feudal kingdom was but a dependent matter, and was settled by deciding 'that the bishop had a right to the tithes be claimed. The same principle was settled in the case of the Nabob of the Carnatic v. The East India Company, though it is commonly referred to in favour of a contrary position.

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

741

The'State of Rhode Isla ind v. The Stateof MNssdachusetts.] On the .original .pleadings, the, case was on a bill for an account founded on two agreements.between the parties, in 1785, and .1787; The defendants plead their rights and privileges under their charter, with power to make peace and war within its limits; that the plaintiff was a sovereign prince; that the agreements Stated. in the bill were inade with him in their respective capacities, one as an absolute, the other as a qualified sovergign; and that the matters therein contained related to peace and war, and the security arid defence of their
respective territorial possessions. The plea was considered( and. overruled by the chancellor; :thus
exercising jurisdiction to that extent. 1 Yes. ,371, 387, An answer was then put in, containing the same matter as the plea, adding that the agreements between the parties were treaties of a federal charactrb both being sovereigns;' and that the agreement of 1787 was a final treaty; and, theixefore, the subject matters thereof were. cognizable by the law of nations not by a municipal court. The bill was dismissed on .this ground: "It is a case of mutual treaty between persons 'acting, in that instance, as states independent of each other; and the circumstace. that the East India Company are mere subjects with relation', to this country, has nothing to do with that. That
treaty was entef'ed into with them as a neighbouring independeit state, and is -the samle as f it was a treaty between -two sovereigns;, and consequently, is not a subject of municipal private jurisdiction.'" It thus is manifest, ihat if, the answer had beeR to the merits, there must have been a'decree: the dismission resultel from the new matter added, as is evident frpm the opinion of the chancellor orLthelea; and of lord commissioner Eyre oni the answer, and his closing remarks, in which he declares; "that the case was considered wholly independent of the judgment on. the plea, and was decided on the answer, which introduced matters showing that it was not mercantile in its nature. but poltical; and therefore the decision stood wholly clear of the judgment on the plea." 2 Ves. jr. 56, 60.
That a foreign sovereign may sue in an English court of law or equity, was settled in cases brought by the king of Spain, Hob. 113., That a foreign government may sue in chancery, by .such agents-as
it authorizes to represent them, on whom a cross bill can be served, with such process as will compel them to do justice to the defendant, was decided in the Columbian Government v. Rothschild, 1 Sim. 104. These cases were recognised in The King of Spain v. Machado, by the house of lords; who held that a king had the same right to

SUPREME COURT.
[The State of Rhode Islandv. The State of Masaohuetta.] sue as, any other person, but that when he did sue in chancery it was aWany other suitor, who sought or submitted to its jurisdiction; that it could decide on tho construction and validity of 'the treaties between France and the allied sovereigns of Europe in 1814;, and on the validity 'of a private and separate. treaty between France and Spain.
The case involved both questions; both were fully considered by the -lords,in affirming 'the 'decree of the chancellor, overruling the demurrer., 4 Russell) 560; which assigned for cause that the plaintiff
had niot made out a case for any'relief in acour--of equity, for the reasons assigned in the argument: that a f6reign sovereign could not sue in yirtue'of. his prerogative rights; that an English ,court would hot enforce these rights, accruing out of a treaty with France, which was inco'nsistent with the existing relations between each of those -countries, (France and, Spain,) and the king of England. '2 Bligh.. P.,C. new Series, 31, 44, 46, 50, 60.
,The court of.king's bench also will consider the effect of the de-
claration of:independence And treatyof peace, in an action on a bond. F&olliottv.Ogden, J D & E, 730.
From. this view of the law of England the results are clear, that thJ' settlement of. boutidaries- by the king in council, is by his prerogdtive; whichL is political power, acting on a political, questioi between dependent corporations or proprietaries, in his dominions without the realm.. When it is done in 'datcery, it is by its judicial jower, in " judicature according to the law," and necessarily a judicial question, whethe it relates to the boundary of provinces, according to an agreement between the owners, as Penn v. Baltimore; the title to a'feudal kingdom, in a suit appropriate to equity, where.the feudal king appears and pleads, as in the' case of the Isle of ]Man; or on an agreement-between a foreign sovereign and the East India Company, in their mere corporate capacity. But when the company assumed the character of a sovereign, assert the agreement to be'a 'federal treaty," between them and fhe plaintiff, as neigh.bouring Sovereigns, each independent, and the subject matter to be peace and war, political in- its nature, on which no municipal court can act by the law of nations, chancery has no jurisdiction but to dismiss the bill. -Not because it is founded, on a treaty" but' because the defendant, refused to submit it to judicial power: for, had the Company not made the objection, by their answer,'the court must have proceeded as in The King of Spaih v- Machado, and decreed on

JANUARY TERM,, 1838.

743

[The State of Rhode Island'v. The State of Massachusetle].
the validity, as well as the construction of'the treaties. The court, in one case, could not forte a sovereign'defendant to subanit the meritso0fthe case to their cognizance; but in the ofier, when he was plaintiff, and a subject was a defendant, who appeared and ple d, the whole subject matter of the pleadings was decided ,by judicial power,
as a judicial question; and such has been, and is-the settled .course of equity in, England.
In'the.colonies, there was no juditial tribunal which could 'settle boundaries between, them; for the court of une could not adjudicate on the rights of another, unless as a plaintiff. The only power to do it remained in the king, where -there was no agreementS and in chancery, where there was one, and the paries appeared;' so that the question was partly political And'partly judicial, and so -remained till the declaration of independence. Then the states, being independent, reserved to themsblves the power of settling their own boundaries, which was necessarily apurely political matter, and so continued till 1781., Then the states delegated the whQlepower over contro verted boundaries to congress, to appoint and its court to decide, as judges, and ve a fina sentence and., judgment upon it, as. a judicial
questioh, settled by a specially appointed judicial power, as the substitute of thb king in council, and the court of chancery in a -proper case; before the .one as a political, and the other as a judicial question.
Then came -the constitution, which divided the power between the political and jddicial departments, after incapacitating the states from settling their controversies' upon any subject, by treaty, compact, or. agreement; and completely reversed the long establishect course of the laws of England. Compacts. and agreements were referred to the politieal,. controversies to the judicial power. This presents this part of the case in a very simple and plain aspect. All the states have transferred the decision of their controversies to this Court; each had a right to demand of it the exercise of the power which they had made judicial .by-the confederation of 1781 and 1788; that we should do that which' neither states or congress could do, settle the controversies between them. We should forget our high duty, to declare to litigant states that we had jurisdiction over judicial, but not the power to hcr and determine political con, troversies: that boundary was of a political nature, and, not a civil one; and dismiss the plaintiff's bill from our records, without even giving it judicial consideration.. We should equally forget the dic-

744

JSUPREME COURT.

[The State of Rhode Island v, The State of Massachusetts.]

tate reason, tfe known rule drawn by fact and law; that'from the pature of a cont, Dversy hetween kings orstates, it cannot be judicial; that where they reserve 'to themselves' tht final decision, it: is of necessity by their inherent .political power' not that which has, been delegated to the judges, as, matters -of judicature, according to the law. These rules and principles have, been. adopted, by this Court from a very'ear'ly period.
In 179, it Was laid*down, that though a state could not sue at law for an ibcorporeal right, as.that of soVereignty. and jurisdiItion; there

was no reason why a remedy could not be had in equity., Thatone state may file a bill against another,'to be.quieted as to the 'boyuidariesof' disputed territory, and this Court might.appoint comphis, siners to ascertain anid report them; since it is monstrous to talk of

esisting rights,.without-,cdirespondeit'romedies. 3,Dall. 410. In New Jersep v. Wilson, the. only, qtiestion in the case.was, whether Wilson 'held, ertain.lands eempt from taxation.. 7,Cr. 104.. In
Cohens v.-,Virgiiia, the Court held,, that the judicial power of6th6 United States ..must be %capable of deciding any jaidicial question
groving outof,;he cdrstitution arid laws. That An one class of cases, "the character' of the parties is every thing, the' nature of the case nothing;" in the' other, 1"the nature of the case is-every thing,'the char cter of the parties nothing.'7 . That the clause. relating t,cases in law or equityjarising under the constitution, laws, and treaties, nakes no enception in terms, or regards "the. condition of the party.' ' If there be any exception, it is'to be.implied against the express

words of the article. In the second class,'"the jurisdiction'depends entirely on the charaater of the parties,'" comprehending "contro-

versies between two or more states.?' "If thlese be the parties, it is entire.ly unimportant what may be the 'subject of:controversy. Be it what it may, these parties, have a constitutional right to comeP into the, ourts'of, the Union." 6 Wh. 378, 384,1392-3.
In the following cases it will appear, that the course of the' C6urt 'on the subject of boundary, has been in 'accordance with l the foregoing rules; let the question arise as it may, in a case in equity, or a ease in-law, of a civil or criminal nature; and whether:it affects the rights'of Individuals, of states, or the United States, and depends on eharters,'laws, treaties, compacts, or cessions which relate to boundary. In Robinson v, Campbell, the suit involved the construction of the compact 6f boundary "between Virginia and North Carolina, made in 1.802 and turned on the question, whether the land in: controversy

JANUARY TERM,. 1838.

745

[The: State of Rhode Island v. The State,M:aosfsachusetis.] was always: within thei original limits of *Tennessee, which the Court decided. 3 Wh. 213 218, 224. 'The'United States v. Bevan, was an indictment for murder; the questibns-ceti'fied for the opinion, of his Court Were: 1st, whether the place at wb ich' the 6ffence was
comitted, was withinthe jurisdiction of 'Massachusetts;. arid 2d, whetherit was committed within the jurisdiction of the circuit court of that district. It was 'considered and decided, as a question of 'boundary, 3 Wh. 339, 386, as before stated . In Burton v,Williams, the case involved a collision of interest 'between North Carolina, Tennessee, and the 'United Sthtes, unader 'the cessions by the former to the two latter, in Which this Court reviewed all the acts of congress and of 'the two states 0A the subject, and the motives of the parties, to ascertain Whether the easus fawderis' had' ever arisen. The ease'a~so involved t],e construction of the compactbetween Tennessee ahd: the UThited States, niade i4 1806. The Court 'usefthis lahggage' in relation 'to, it: ,' The members of the American family possess 'ample 'means of defence under the constitution, which we,
hope ages to come will'verify. But happily for our domestic harmony, the power of aggressive operation against each other'is taken, away." It is difficult, to i'agine What other means of defence existed in such .a case, u'nleIs those .which the Court adopted) by construirg 'the acts recited, as thh 'cntracts, of independent states, by' those rules ,which regulate contracts relating to territory and boundary. 3 Wh.'529,. 533,538. 'In De La Croix v,Chamberlain, it was held, that "a question of disputed boundary'btween two sovereign;
in4ependeqt nations, is -indeed 'more propely a subject for' diplomatic'discussion and of treaty, than of judicial investigdtion. If the "UnitedStates fnd Spain had settled this dispute by treaty, before the United States extinguished -t.he cfaim 'f Spain to the Floridas, the boundary fi'xed by Such treaty would have concluded all patties." 12 Wh. 600. Accordingly,.in Harcourt v. Gailliard, which arpse on a BritiSh grant made in 1777, the Court decided th6 ease b reference to the treaty of '1763, the acts of the king before the ·revolution, 'the effect of the declarationof,.independence. and treaty of 'peace -in, 178'3, in: order to asceitaih the original 'boun'dary between Florida and Georgia; on which the whole case turned. 12 Wh-. 524. 'In 'Henderson v. Poindexter, the same point arose, and the same course was taken; the treaty of boundary.'with Spain'in 175 was also considered by,the Court;.as well, as the cession 'by Georgia to the United States in 1802, and the various acts of congress on the
VOL. XII.-5 B

746

SUPREME COURT.

[Thei State of Rhode Island v. The State of Massachusetts.) subject. 12 Wh. 530, 534, &c. Jn Patterson v. Jehckes, the title depended on the boundary between Georgia and the Cherokees; and the only question was, as to the territorihl1 limits of the' state, according to the treaties with them and that state, which the Court defined, and decided accordingly. 2 Peters, 225-7, &c. So they had previously done in various cases, arising on the boundary between North Carolina and the Cherokees.. I Wh. 155; 2 Wh. 25; 9 Wh. 673; liWh.380. In Foster & Elam v. Neilson, two questions arose,- 1. On the boundaryof the treaty of 1803, ceding Louisiana to the United States, as it was before the cession of the Floriias by Spain, by the treaty of 1819: 2d. The construction of the eighth
article of that treaty. :Both claimed the territory lying north of a line drawn east from the lberville, and extending from the Mississippi to the Perdido. Thetitle .to the. land claimed by the parties depended on the right'of Spain to grant lands within the disputed territory, at the date of the Spanish grant to the'plaintiff, in 1804. He,claimed under it, ag being then within the territory of, Spainand confirmed absolutely by the treaty of cession: the defendant rested on his possession. On the first question, the Court held, that so long-as the United States. contested the boundary, it was to,be settled by the two governments, and. not by'the Court; but if the boundary had'been 'settled between France while she held Louisiana, and Spain while she, held Florida, or the .United.States aad Spain had 'agreed, on the boundary after 1803; then the Court could decide it as a.matter bearing directly on.the.title :of the plaintiff. On the. eeond question,-they ,held, that as the' government had -upto that timeconstrued the eighth article of the.treaty of 1819, to be a mere stipulation for the future confirmation of previous gra'ts by'Spain, to be made by some legislative act, and not a present confirmation, absolute and final by the mere force of the treaty itself, as :a supreme law of the- land, the Court was bound:not to give a different ,construction., On that construction, the question Was, by whom 'the confirmation should be made: -the Court'held the words of the treaty to be the language of -contract,.to be executed by an act of the legislatur.e, of course by political power; to be exercised by the congress at its discretion; on which the. Court could not act. But the Court' distiadtly recognised the distinction, between an executory treaty, as a mere contract between nations, t6 be carried into execution by the sovereign power of the respective'parties, and an executed treaty, effecting of itself the object to be accomplished, and defined .the line

JA-NUARY TEA'M, 1838.
[The, State Of -Rhode Island v. The State of Massachusetts.]
between them thus: .",Our; cpnstitution declares a treaty, to be the law of'the land. It is conseluentjy tobe regarded in courts of'jus-
tice, as eqivalent to an act of the legislature, whenever it operates of itself without the aid of any legislitive prQvision. But when the terms of the stipulation import acontract; when either of the parties stipulate to perform a,particular act; the treaty addresses itself to the political, not to the judicial department; and the legislature must expcute the contract, before it cati become a rule for the Court." Adopting the construction given by'congress, and the b9 undary being disputed, in 1804, when the grant was made, the Court considered -both. to be politicai questions; and held them not to be cognizable by judicial power. 2 Peters, 253, 299, 306, 30% 314, 315. All the principles laid down in this case, were.fully considered and affirmed in the United States v.Arredondo; which arose under an act of congress, itibmitting to this, Court the final decision of controversies between the United States and all pdrsons claiming lands in Florida, under grants, &c. .by Spain, and prescribing the rules for its decision, among which was the " stipulations of'any treaty," &c. Thus acting under the authority delegated by congress, the Court held that the construction of the eighth article of the treaty of 1819, by its submission to judicial. power, became a judicial question; and' on the fullest consideration, held, that it operited as a, perfect, present, and, absolute. confirmation of all the, grants which come within its
provision. That no act of the political department remained. to be done; that it was an executed treaty, the law -of the land, and a rule,
for the. Court." 6 Peters, 710,,735, 741, 742, 743. In the United States v, Percheman, the .Court, on considering, the necessary effect of this construction, repudiated that which had been given in Foster
'& Elam.v. Neilson; 7 Peters, 89. In the numerous cases which
have arisen since, the treaty has been taken to be an ekecuted one, a rule of title and property, and all questions arising under it to be judicial; and congress has confirmed the action of the Court whenever, ecessary. In New Jersey v. New York, the Court were unanimous in considering the disputed boundary between these states, to be within their original jurisdiction, and realfirming the jurisdiction of the circuit courts, in cases between parties claiming lands under grants from different states: the- only difference of opinion was on one point, suggested by one of the judges, whether, as New York had not, appeared, the Court could award compulsory process, or proceed-ex parte; a point which does not arise inthis cause, and need

SUPREME COURT.
[The State of Rhode Island v: The State of Ma.sachusetts.j' not to be considered in its present stage; as Massachusetts has appeared and plead to the merits-of the bill.
If jldicial authority, is competent to. settle what is the line'between judicial and political power%and questions, it appears from this view of the law, as administered in England and- flte courts of the United States to have been, done without any one decision to the contrary, from, the time, of Edward the Third. The statute referred to, operated liki our constitution to make all questions judicial, which were submitted to judicial 'power, by the, parliament of England, the people or legislature of these states, or congress; and'when this has been done by the constitution, in reference to disputed boundaries, it Will be a dead letter if we did not exercise it now, as this Court-has done in the. cases referred to.
The course of the argument made it necessary for the Court to pursue that which has been taken. Having disposed. of the 'leading objection to jurisdiction, we will examine the others.
It has -been 4rguedby the-defendant's counsel, that by the declaration of independence, Massachusetts became a sovereign state over all, the territory in her possession, which she claimed by charter or agreement; :inthe enjoyment of which she cannot be disturbed:
To this objection there aretwo obvidus answers: .Ipt. By the third article of confederation, the states entered into a mutual league for the defence of their sovereignty, their mutual and general welfare; being thus allies in the war of the revolution, a settled principle of the law of nations, as laid down by this Court, prevented one from making anyacquisition at the expense .of the other. --12 Wh, 525-. TIhis alliance continued, in war and peace, till 1788; when,' 2d: Massachusetts surrendered:the right to judge- of her own boundary, and submitted the power of deciding a controversy concerning it to this Court. 6 Wh. 378, 380, 393.
It is said,that the people inhabitin'g the disputed territory, ought to be made parties, as their rights are affected. It' might with the' same reason be objected, that a treaty or compact settling boundary, required the assent of fhe people to make it valid, and, that a decree under ,the ninth article of,'confederation was,:void:; as the authority' to mike it was derived from the legislative power-only. "The same objection was 'overruled' in Penn v. Baltimore; and in Poole v, Fleeger, this Court' decldred, that an agreement between states-,' consented to by 'congress, boupd the citizens of each' state. -There.are two principles of the' law of nations, which would 'protect .them in

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

749

[The. Stat -of Rhod. Island v.,Tho State of Mass46huot ,1 their property :'. 1st. That grants by a government, defaicto, .f partp of a disputed territory in, itSpossession, arvvalid against the sate Which had the 'right. 12 Wh.-600,-. 2d. That'when a eritory is acquired by treaty, cession, or even ,conquest, the rights '0 the.ihabitants to property,, are re~pected,. and sae d. 8 Wh. 5894 12 ,Wh. 535; 6 Peters, .712; 7 Peters, 867;'8 Peters, 445; 9 Petort
133; 10 Peters, 330 718, &c. It has, been contended, that Ihis Court. cannot proceed. ,i this,
cause, without sowe process 'and rule of. decision prescribed appropriate to the, case; but. no questioh on process 'dan arise on these
pleadings; lnbne is.now necessary, as the defendant has appeared, and 'plead, which plea in itself.makes the first point in the cause* Without any additional proceeding;' that is, whether the plea, shall be allowed
if suffient in law to bar the complaint, or. be overruled, as not 'being a bar, in law, though true'n "fact. In, this state of the case ,itIis' that of the Nabob v. The East India Company, where the plea was overruled on that ground,, whereby' the defendant was-Iput,, to an. answer, assigning additioial gronds,..to Austaina motion to digmiss;' or 'if the plea is, allowed, the dbfendant must next prove the truth 'of thb..matters set up. When 'that .is' done, the Court must decide ac, cording. 'to the law of equity, 1 Ves. seir. 446, 203, whether the
agreement plead shallsettle, or leave the boundary-open toa settlement by, our judgment; according to the law of nations, the:charters
from the crOwn under which both. parties claim, as ,in 5 ,Wkeat. 375; by, the law of prescription, as claimed by the defendant, On the same -principes which have been rules for the actiont of this Court in th6case 1 Ves. sen. 453; 9 Peters, 760.
It 'i further, dbjected, that though the Gourt may render, they cannot: exeute, a ,decree without an act of congress i4h aid.
In testing this:objection. by.:the -cominon law, there can be no dif.: ficulty -in decreeing, as in Penn v. Baltixnore; mutatis mutanilis. That the 'agreement. is valid, and, binding between the:parties; appointing commissioners .to ascertain and mark the line therein desig-" nated; order their proceedings :to be returned, to the Court;' 3 Dall 412, note;1 decree that the parties should quietly hold, according to the articles; that the citizens on:each side' oft,'the line., should be hound. thereby, o far aid no farther than the states, could bind them by a compact, with the assent of congress, (11 Peters 209;) 1 Yes. sen, 455;' 3 Ves. sen., supplement by Belt. .195, 197. Or if any dif-. ficujty should occur, do as declared in 1 Ves. Ser.; if the parties want

750

~

SUPREME COURT.

[Thi6 State of Rhodd Island:V. The State 6f Masachusetts.J aoy thing more to be done, they must resort t atothdr jurisdictioi,
whichis appropriate to the cause of corhplaint, as the king's bench, or the king in council. Vide United States v. Peters, 5 Cranch .115, 135, case of Olmstead; make the decree without prejudice to the (United States,) or any persons- whomth& parties 'could not bind. And in case any person should obstruct the executibn of the agreement, the' party to be at liberty, fron time to time, to aptl]y to the Court. .1 Ves. jr. 454; 3 Ves. sen. 195, 196.. Or. as the-only question is one of jurisdiction, which the Court will not divide, they will retain the bill, and direct the parties to a forum proper to decide collateral questions. 1.Ves. sen. 204, 205 2.Ves. sen. 356, 357; 1 Vs.seq. 454;
C ranch, 115,.136., On the.other hand, should the agreement not be held binding,. th Court will decree the boundary to be ascertained
agreeably to the charters, according to the altered circumstances of the case; by which the boundary being estahlished' the rights of the partie,will be adjudicated, and the party in whom it is adjudged may enforce it by the process appropriate to the case, civilly -or eriminally" according to 'the laws of the state, in which the act which violates the right is committed. In ordinary cases. of boundary, the functions of 'acourt of equity consist in settling it by a final decree, defining and coifirning it when run. Exceptions, as they arise, must be acted on according to the circumstances.
In Engand, -right will be administered to a subject against the king, as a matter of grace; but notupon compulsion, not by. Writ, but petition to the chancellor, 1 BI. 'Com.243; ,frno writ or pto. Ces can issue against the king, for the plain reason given in 4'Co, 55, a.,; 7 Com. Dig., by Day, 83; Prerog. D. 78; 8 Bl. Com. 255; "that, the king canrnOt command himself." No execution goes out on a judgment or decree against him, on a; monstrans de droit'or petiltion,of right, or traverse of an inquisition which had been taken in 'his favour,; for this reason, that as the law gives him a prerogative for the benefit
of his subjects, 1 Bl Coin. 255, he is presumed never to do a wrong, or refuse a right to a subject; he is presumed to have done the thing decreed, by decreeing in hia courts that it shall be done; such decree is executed by the lpw as soon as it is rendered; and.though process is made out to make the record complete, it is never taken from the office. Co. Ent. 196; 9 Co. 98, a.; 7 D. C. D. 8.3, The party in whose favour a decree is made, for removing the lands of the king from the possession of a subject, or declaring a seizure unlawful and awarding a writ, de libertate, is, eo instanti, deemed to be in actual

JANUARY TERM. 1838.

751

[The State of Rhode Island v. The Stateof Massachusetts.]
possession thereof; so that a, feoffment, ,with livery of seisin, made before it is actually taken, is as valid as if made afterwards. Cro. El. 5N.3; S. P. 463.
The same 'piinciple was adopted by the eminent jurists of the re-
volution, in the ninth article of' the 'confederatiorn, declaring that the sentence of the Court in the cases provided for, should be final and
conclusive,,and with the other proceedings in the case, be transmitted to congress, ard lodged among their 'acts, forthe security of the parties concerned, nothih'g further being deemed necessary. The, adoption of this, principle, was indeed a necessary 'effect. of the revolution, which devolved on each, itate the prerogative of the king as he had held it in the colonies; 4tWheat. 651; 8 Wheat. 584, 588; and now holds it within the realm of England; subject to he. presumptions attached to it bythe common.Jaw, which gave, and by which it must be exercised. This Court. cannot presume, that any state which holds prerogative rights for the' good of its: ditizens and by the constitution has agreed that tnose of any other state shai enjoy rights, privileges, and immunities' in each, as. its own do, would either do wrong, or deny right to a sister state or.its citizens,lor refuse to submit to those xlecrees of this Court, rendered pursuant to its own delegated authority; when in a monarchy its fundamental law declares that such decree. ;executes itself. When, too, the' nighest courts of a kingdom have most'solemknly deqlared
that when the king is.a trustee, a court of chancery Will enforce the execution of a trust by a royal trustee; 1 Ves. sen.. 458; and that when a foreign king is a plaintiff, in a court of euuity, it can ddcompleteustice; impose any terms it thinks proper; has him in its power, and completely under its control and jurisdiction -,2 Bligh. P. C. 57; we ought not to doubt as to~the course of a state, of this Union; asa contrary one would endanger its peace, if not its existenee. In the case of Olmstead, this Court expressed its opinion that if state legislatures may annul the judgments of the courts of' the United States, and the rights thereby atccquired, the constitution: becomes a solemn mockery, and the nation 'is deprived of the means' of enforcing its lawsi by its own tribunal. So fatal a result must be deprecated Yy all; anid the people of every state must feel a deep interest in resisting ,principles so destructive of the Union, and in averting consequences so fatal to themselves. 5 Peters 115, 13.5.
The motion of the defendant is, therefore, 'overruled.-,

705

SIPREME COURT.

[Th 8tatb 4"fRhode Island v.. Thi ,Stat6 of
Mr. Chief Justice TANEY, 'dissenting t

ssausett.i

I dissent from the opinion of the Cotrt, upon:the motion to dis-

miss the bill. It has, I find, been the unifdrm practice in this Court,

for the justioes who. differed from- the Court "n constitutional ques-

tions, to expresstheilr dissent. In conformity to this usage, I proceed

to 'state' briefly the principle on which I .differ, but do notin this

stage of the. proceedings, think it necessary to enter -fully into the

reaso4ing upon, which my opinion is founded,. The final, hearing of

'the casi. wihen all, the fact's are before'the.Court; would be a more fit

ofsion for examiiing. various points stated in the opinion of tlke

Uburt; ihnwhichIdo:.Ot concur.

tdo 'not doubt,the' pobwer ofthis-Court to 'hear and determine,a

controversy' between states,, or between individuals, in relation to

the boundaries of the states, where the suit is brought to try a right

of' property in-the soil, or any other right Which is properly the sub-

ject-of juaicial cognizance and decision, and which.depends upon the

trud boundary line

But'the powers given to the courts of the Ijnited States"by: the

constitution are jdicial powers;, and extend, to those subjects, only,

Which 1r judicial. in their character; and' not -to those which,: are

,politicelo And whether the suit is between states oi" betwedti indi-

viduals, the, matter sued formust be one which isproperly the sub-

ject of:judicial. cognizance and control,.in order to givejurisdiction

to the Court to try anddecide'the rights-of the parties to the stift.

'The object of the bill filed by Rhode Island, as statedin the peayer,

isas follows: That the northern boundary; line between your com,

plainants aiid thestate of 'Mssaehusetts may;' by the order and de-

cree of this, lionourable Court, be ascertained and established, and

that the rights of jurisdiction and sovereignty of your complainants to -the whole tract of land, with the appurtenanoes mentioned,. de-

scribed, and granted, in and by.the said charter or letters patent to

the said colony of Rhode Island and Provid'ence Plantations, hereitbefore set forth' and running on the north, an, east and west line

drawn three miles south of the waters of said Charles river; or of any

or every, parttherof, may be restored and confirmed to your com-

,plainants, and your complainants may be quieted in the full and free enjoyment of her jurisdiction' and. sovereignty over the same; and

the title, jurisdiction, and sovereignty of the said state of Rhode Island!

and'Providence Plantations over the same, be -confirmed and esta-.

blished by the decree of thit honourable. Court; and that your com-

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[The Stte of Rhod6 Island v. The Stateof MaSSathusetts.]
plainants 'may have such other and' further relief in the premises as to this honourable' Court -shall 'seem meet, and consistent with equity and good conseiend.
It appears fr6m this statemefit of the object of the bill, that Rhode 'Island claims no right,of property in the soil of the territory, in controversy. The title to the land is not in dispute between herand Massachusetts. The subject matter which Rhode IslAnd seeks to recover from Massachisetts, in'this suit,' is, "sovereignty and jurisdiction," up. to the boundary'line described in, her bill. And she 'desireS to establish this line as the true boundary between the states, for the-purpose of showing that she is entitled to recover from IMass'achusetts the sovereignty and jurisdidtion which Massachusetts now 'holds over the 'territory in, question.' Sovereignty and jurisdiction ate not matters of property; for the allegiance in the disputed terri-
tory cannot be. a matter of property. Rhode Island, therefore, sues for political rights. They are 'he, only matters in controversy, and
the only things to be recovered; and'if she succeeds in this suit, she will recover politibal rights over the territory in question, which are now withheld from her by Massachusetts.
Contests for rights of sovereignty and jurisdiction between states over any particular territory, are not,'in my, ju4gment,'t he subjects of judicial cognizance and control,, to be recovered and enforced in an ordinary sui,; and are, thereford, not w 1thin the grant of judicial power contaiiied in' the constitution.
Irl the case of Ncw 'York v. Connecticut, 4 Dallas, 4, in the note Chief 'ustice Ellsworthsays, " To have the benefit of the agreement bet~ween the :states, the defendants below, who are the settlers of New York, must ap lyto a court of equity, as well as the state herself; but in no 'cAse'can a specific'performahce be decreed, unless there is a substantial right of Soil, not a mere right of poIitical jurisdiction; to
be protected and enforced," In the case of The Cherokee Nation v. The State of Georgia, 5
Peters, 20, Chief Justice Marshall, in delivering the opinioft of the Court, said: ",That part of the bill which respects the land occupied by the Indians, and prays the 'aid of the Court to protect their possession, may be more doubtful; The mere question of right might, perhaps, be decided by this Court, in a, proper case, with' proper parties. But the Court is asked to do more than decide on the title. The bill requires us to control the legislation of Georgia, and to restrain the exertion of its physical f6rce. The propriety of such an
VOL. XII.-5 C

754

SUPREME COURT.

[Th6 State of Rhode -Island v.-The State of Massachusetts.]
interposition by the Court may be well questioned, It savours too much of the exercise of political power to be Within the proper province of the judicial department. But the opinion on'the point respecting parties makes it unnecessary to decide this question."
In the case before the.Court, we are called on to protect' and enforce the "mere political jurisdiction" Of, Rhode Island; and the bill of the complaifnant, in effect, asks us'to "' control the iegislature of Massachusetts, and to restrain the exercise of its physical force" within the dispiltedterritqry. According to the opinions above re-
ferred to, these questions do not belong to the judicial: department.
This construction of the constitution is, in miyjudgmentthe true
one; and I therefore think the proceedings in. this case ought to be
dismissed for want, of jurisdiction.

Mr. Justif e BAR3ouR said; that he concurred in the result. of the opinion in this case. That' this Court had jurisdiction. to settle the disputed bounda'ry:between the two states, litigant 'before it. But he wished to be understood, as not adopting all the reasoningby which the Court had arrived -at its conclusion.

Mr. Justice STORY did not sit in this case.

On considerition of the motion made by Mr.. Webster :on. a-prior day of the present term of-this Court, to wit, on Monday the, l15th day of January, A. D. 1838, to dismiss the.complainant's bill filed in this case for want of jurisdiction, and 'of the arguments of couisel thereupon had, as well in support- of, as against the' said. motion: It. is now here ordered and adjudged, by this Cort, that the said motion be, and the same is hereby overruled.

SUPREME COURT
AMos KENDALL, POSTMASTER GENERAL ONeTHE UNITED STATES,
PLAINTIFF IN ERROR V. THE UNITED STATES, ON THR RELATION
OF WILLIAM B. STOKES ET AL.
Contracts for carrying the mail of the United States, were made by S. & S., with the postmaster general of the United States, out of which certain allowances and credits were made in favour of S. & S., by that officer; and the amount of the same was passed to the credit of S. & S., with the general post office. The successor of the postmaster general struck out the allowances and credits in the accounts, and thus a large sum of money was withheld from the contractors. S. & S. presented a memorial to congress; and an act was passed, authorizing and directing the solicitor of the treasury of the United States to settle and adjust the claims of S. & S., according to the principles of equity; and directing the postmaster general. to credit S. & S. with whatever sum of money the solicitor should decide should be due to them. The solicitor of the treasury made a decision on the claims of S. & S., and communicated the same to the postmaster general; who, thereupon, carries to the credit of S. & S. a part, but refused to credit Lpart of the amount allowed by the solicitor. S. & S. applied to the President of' the United States, who referred the subject to congress; and the senate of the United States determined that no further legislation on the subject was necessary, and that the decision of the solicitor of the treasury ought to be complied with by the postmaster general. The postmaster general continued to withhold the credit. S. & S. applied to the circuit court of the United States for the District of Co. lumbia, for, a mandamus, to be directed to the postmaster general, commanding him to credit them with the amount found to be due to them from the United States, according to the decision of the solicitor of the treasury. A peremptory mandamus was finally ordered, and the postmaster general brought the case before the Supreme Court, by a writ of error. By the Court-It has been considered by the counsel on the part of the postmaster general that this is:a proceeding against him to enforce.the performance of an official duty, and the proceeding has been treated as an infringement on the executive department of the government; which has led to a very extended range of argument on the independence and duties of that department; but vhichb, according to the view taken by the Court of the case, is entirely misapplied. We do not think the proceeding in this case interferes, in. any respect whatever, with the rights and duties of the executive ; or that it involves any conflict of powers between the executive and judicial departments of the government. The mandamus does not seek to direct or control the postmaster general in the discharge of his official duty, partaking, in any respect, of an executive character ; but to enforce the performance of a mere ministerial act, which neither he nor the President had any authority to deny or control. The judgment of the circuit court was affirmed. By the act of congress directing the solicitor of the treasury to adjust and settle the accounts of S. &. S., the postmaster general is vested with no discretion or control over the decision of the solicitor; nor. is any appeal or review of that decision .provided for by the act. The'terms of the submission was a mattdr resting entirely in the discretion of congress; and if they thought proper to vest such a

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v. The United States.] power in any one,and especially as the arbitrator was an officer of the government; it did not rest with the postmaster gencral to control congress, or the solicitor, in that affair. It is unnecessary to say how far congress might have interfered by legislation after the report of the solicitor: but if there was no fraud or miscon. duct in the arbitrator; of which none is pretended or suggested; it may well be questioned whether S. & S. had not acquired such a vested right as to be beyond
the power of congress to deprive them of it. The right of S. & S. to the full amount of the credit, according to the report of the
solicitor of the treasury, having been ascertained and fixed by law; the enforcement of that right falls properly within judicial cognizance. It was urged at the bar, that the postmaster general *as alone subject to the direction4 and control of the President of the United States with respect to the execution of the duty imposed on him by the law under which the solicitor of the treasury acted; and this right of the President was claimed as growing out of the obligation imposed upon, him by the constitution, to take care that the laws be faithfully executed. By the Court-This doctrine cannot receive the sanction of this Court. It would be vesting in the President a-dispeusing power, vhich has no countenance for its support in any part -ofthe constitution ; and is asserting a principle, which, if carried out in'its results to all cases faling within it, would be clothing the President with a power to control the legislation of congress, and paralyze the administration of justice. To contend that the obligations imposed on the President to see the laws faithfully executed, implies a power to forbid their execution; is a novel construction of the constitution, and is entirely inadmissible. The act required by the law to be done by the postmaster general is, simply to credit S. & S. with the full amount of the award of the solicitor of the treasury. This is a precise, definite act, purely ministerial; and about which the postmaster general has no discretion whatever. This was not an official act in any other sense than being a transaction in the department where the books and accounts were kept: and was an official act in the same sense that an entry in the minutes of the Court, pursuant to ar order of the Court, is an official act. There is no room for the exercise of discretion, official or otherwise; All that is shut out by the direct and positive command of the law; and the act reqiired to be done is, in every just sense, a mere ministerial act. The common law,as it was in force in Maryland when the cession of the part of the state within the District of Columbia was made to the United States, remained in force in the district. The writ of mandamus which issued in this case in the district court of the District of Columbia, must be considered as it was at comirpon law, with respect to its object a*nd purpose; and varying only in the form required by the different character of the government of the United States. It is a writ, in England, issuing out of the king's bench, in the name of the king, and is called a prerogative writ, but considered a Wkrit of right; and is directed to some person, corporation, or inferior court, reqdiring them to do some particular thing, therein specified, which appertains to their office, and which is supposed to be consonant to right and justice : and where there is no other adequate, specific remedy, such a writ, and for such a purpose, would seem to be peculiary appropriate to the present case. The right claimed is just, and established by positive law; and the duty required to be performed'is clear and specific ; and there is no other adequate remedy. The cases of M'Intire v. Wood, 7 Cranch, 504 and M'Cluny y. Silliman, 6 Wheat.

SUPREME COURT.
[Kendall v. The United'States.] 349, have decided that the circuit c6urts of the United States in the several states, have no power to issue a mandamus against one of the officers of the United
States.
The result of the cases of Mclntire v. Wood, and M'Cluny v. Silliman clearly Is, that the' authority to issue the writ of mandamus. to an officer of tha United States, commanding him to oerform a specific act, required by a law of the United States, is within the scope of, the judicial powers of the United States, under the constitution: but that the wholO of that power has not been communicated by law to the circuit courts ofthe United States in the several states. It is a dormant power, not yet called into adtion and vested in those courts. And there is nothing growing out of the official character of a party, that WilI exempt him' from this writ; if the act to be performed is merely ministeriaL
It is-a sound principle, that in every well-organized government the judicial. powers should be co-extensive, with the legislative; so far, at least, as they'are to he enforced by judicial proceedings.
There is, in the District of Columbia, no division of powersbetween the general and state governments. Congress has the entire control over the district fbr every purpose of government; and it is r6asonable to suppose, that in organizing a judidial epartment in this district'all the judicia power necessary for the purposes of government would be vested in the courts of justice. The circuit courtin the district is the highest court of original jurisdiction; and, if the power to issue a mandamus in such a case as that before the Court exists in any court, it is vested
in that court. At thp date of the act of congress establishing the government of the' District of Co-
lurobia, the common law of England was in force in Maryland; and df course remained' and continued in force in the piart of the:district ceded by Maryland to the United States: The power to issue a mandamus in a proper case, is a part.of the common law; and it has been fully recognised as in practical operatlon in a case decided in the court of that state. The power to issue the writ of mandamusis, in England, given to tne king's bench only, as having the general supervising power over all inferior jurisdictions and officers; and. is co-extensive with judicial power. And the same theory prevails in the state governments of the United, States, where the common law is adopted, and governs in the administration of justice; and the power of issuing this'writ is generally confided to the highest court of original jurisdiction. There can be n4 doubt but that, in the state of Maryland, a writ of mandamus might be issued to an executive officer commanding him to )erform a ministerial'act required of him by the laws : and, if it would lie in thaL state, tner6 can be no gbod reason why it should not lie in the District of Columbia, in analogous cases. The powers of the Supreme Court of the United States, and of the circuit courts of the United States to issue writs of mandamus, granted by tlie.14th section of the judiciary act of 1789, is only for the purpose of briqging the case to a final judgment or decree, so that it may be reviewed. The mandamus does not direct the inferior court how to proceed, but only that it must proceed, according to its own judgment, to a final determination; otherwise it cannot be reviewed in the appellate court. It is different in the circuit court of the District of Columbia, under the adoption of the Ilaws of Maryland, which included the common law. The power of the cirduit court of the District of Columbia to exercise the jurisdiction to issue a writ of mandamus to a public officer 'o do an act required of him by law, results'from tle 3d section of the. actof congress, of February 27, 1801;

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v. The United States.] which declares that the court and the judges thereof shall have all the power by law vested in the circuit courts of the United States. The circuit courts referred to were'those established by, the act of February 13th, 1801. The repeal of that law, fifteen months afterwards, and after the circuit court for this district had been Qrganized, and had gone into operation, under the act of 27 February, 1801; could not, in any nianner, affect that law any further than was provided by the repe ling act. It was not an uncommon course of legislation in the states, at an early day to adopt, by reference, British statutes; and this has been the course by legislation in congress, in mnany instances, when state practice and state process has been adopted. And such adoption h~is always been considered. as referring to the law existing at the time of adoption : and 'no subsequent legislation has ever been supposed to affect it; and such must, necessarily, be the, effect and operation of such adoption. No court can in the ordinary administration of justice, in common law proceedings, exercise jurisdiction over a party unless he shall voluntarily appear, or is found within the jurisdiction of the court, so as to be served with process. Such process cannot reach the party beyond the territorial jurisdiction of the court. This is a personal privilege, Which may be waived by appearance; and if advantage is to be taken of, it, it must be by plea, or some other mode, at an early'stage of the cause.
IN error to-the circuit court of the United States in the District of Columbia, for the county of Washington.
On the twenty-sixth day of May, 1837, William B. Stokes, Rich,ard C, Stockton, Lucius W, Stockton,.and Daniel Moore, presented a petition to the circuit court.of the District of Columbia, for the county of Wasbingtoo, stating, that under contracts duly and legally made 'by,them with the late William T. Barry; then postmastei general of the United States, and duly authorized by lair, they were entitled to certain credits and allowances on:their contracts for the transportation of the mail of the United States,; that the credits and allowances were made and given to them .on their contracts, and amounts of money actually paid on such accounts; that,some time in 1835, William, T. Barry resigned 'his. situation as postmaster general, andAmos Kendall was appointed to the office; that after he had entered on the duties of his office, he uindertook to re-examine the contracts entered into by his predecessor, and the credits and allowances made by him; and ordered and directed the allowances and credits to be withdrawn, and the petitioners recharged' with divers payments they had' received.
The petitioners state that, they, vere 4issatisfied with these ptoceedings of Amos Kendall, a postmaster general; and, believing he had

SUPREME COURT.
[Kendall v. The United States.]
exceeded his authority,,and being unable to adjust their differences with him, they addressed a memorial to the congress of the United States. A copy of the memorial was annexed to the petition.
The memorial stated, at large, all the circumstances which the petitioners considered as affecting their case; the proceedings of the postmaster general in the matter; and the heavy grievances done to the memorialists by the course adopted by the postmaster general. They ask such proceedings on the part of congress as its wisdom and justice may direct.
The petition states that congress passed an act, which was approved by the President of the United States on the 2d of July, 1836, which act provided, " that the solicitor of the treasury be and he is hereby authorized and directed to settle and adjust the claims of William B. Stokes, Richard C. Stockton, of Maryland, and Lucius W. Stockton, and Daniel Moore, of Pennsylvania; for extra services performed by them, as contractors for carrying the mail, under and by virtue of certain contracts therefor, alleged to have been made and entered into with them by William T. Barry, late postmaster general of the United States; and for this purpose to inquire into, and determine the equity of the claims, of them, or any of them,, for or on account of any contract or additional cohtract with the said postmaster general, on which their pay may have been suspended by the present postmaster general; and to make them such allowances therefor, as upon a full examination of all the evidence may'seem right, according to the principles of equity; and that the said postmaster general be, and he is hereby directed to credit such mail contractors with whatever sum or sums of money, if any, the said solicitor shall so decide to be due to them for or on account of any such service or contract; and the solicitor is hereby authorized to take testimony, if he shall judge it to be necessary to do so; and that he report to congress, at its next session, the law and the facts upon 'which 'his decision has been founded: Provided, the said solicitor is not authorized to make any allowance for any suspension, or withholding of money by the present postmaster *general for allowances or overpayments made by his predecessor,. on route number thirteen hundred and seventy-one, from Philadelphia to Baltimore, for carrying the mail in steamboats, when it was not so carried by said Stockton and Stokes, but by the steamboat company; nor for any suspension or withholding, of, money as aforesaid, for allowances or overpayments made as aforesaid, for carrying an express mail from Balti-

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

529

[Kendall v. The United States.] more to York or Lancaster; nor for any suspension or withholding of money, as' aforesaid, for allowances or overpayments, made as aforesaid, on route nfimber thirteen hundred and ninety-one, from Westmintster to M'Connerston, as described in the improved bid; nor for any suspension or withholding of money, as aforesaid, for allowances or overpayments, as aforesaid, on the route from Baltimore to Wheeling, for running a certain daily line to Hagerstown and Wheeling, from the first of September, eighteen hundred and thirtytwo, to the first of April, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, when the line referred to only run tri-weekly; nor for any suspension or withholding of money, as aforesaid, for allowances or overpayments, made as aforesaid, on the route from Baltimore to Washington, under the contract of eighteen hundred and twenty-seven: but nothing in this proviso shall prejudice any application they may make, hereafter, in reference to these routes, if they shall think it proper to make such application."
The petition states, that in pursuance and in t._;ecution of this act, Virgil ,Maxcy, being solicitor of the treasury, did proceed to examine adjust and settle the said claims: and on the 12th day of November, 1836, did make, out and transmit to the said Amos Kendall, postmaster general, in part, his award and decision upon certain items of said claims so referred to him; and on the 23d of November, 1836, he communicated to the postmaster general his decision and award on the residue of the claims of the petitioners.
The decision of the solicitor of the treasury of the 1,2th of Decem-
ber, 1836, after stating the particular items of account, from which the balances arose, was as follows:
"I, therefore, in pursuance of the authority conferred on me, by the aforenientiofted act of congress, make, allowai~ce to said Richard C. Stockton, for his said clains up to the 1st of April, 1835, of the above sum of eighty-three thousand two hundredl and seventy-eight dollars.
I, also, by virtue of the same authority, make allowance to said
Stockton, for his said claims for extra services, from the 1st of April' to 31st of December, 1835, of the said sum of, twenty-six thousand eight hundred and sixty-two dollars.
A claim for interest having been made, I have postponed the consideration of it until the equity'of the other claims of the gentlemen
VOL. XII.-3 X

SUPREME COURT.
[Kendall v. The United States.]
named in the title of the act, shall have been inquired into and determined."
On the 22d of November, 1836, the solicitor made a final award, which was also communicated by him to the postmaster general. That award, after setting forth the items of the accounts presented and established in 'the judgment of the soliitor of the treasury against the United States, was,:.
"I ha've examined the evidence touching the above claims, and find due to the petitioners, or to Richard C. Stockton, the following sums: For additional daily mail to Washington, thirty-four thousand' two hundred dollars. For compensation for carrying the mail in the ,spring of 1831, between'Baltimore and Philadelphia, and for other services connected therewith, less two hundred and ninety-four dollars, the sum of eleven thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven dollars and sixteen cents. Claims for interest, four thousand eight hundred and thirty-six dollars and eighty-nine cents; one thousand six hundred and sixty-four dollars and seventy cents, and three hundred and ninety-two dollars and thirty-four cents."
The petitioners state, that under, and by virtue of the award of the solicitor of the treasury, they bechme entitled, to have the sum of one hundred and sixty-two thousand seven hundred and twentyseven dollars and five cents carried to their Credit; or at least, after allowing some deductions therefrom made by the saidsolicitor, with their assent, the sum of one hundred and sixty-one thousand five hundred and sixty-three dollars and eighty-nine cents, as the amount of principal and interest due to them by the terms of the award and decision.
But the said postmaster general, although fully notified of the premises, and after a considerable delay, only sokfar obeyed and carried into execution the said act of congress and said award, as to direct and cause to be carried to the credit of the petitioners, the sum of one hundred and twenty-two thousand one hundred and one dollars and forty-six cents, which said last mentioned sum of money has been accordingly paid or credited to the petitioners" and he has from that time, and does still refuse, omit, and neglect, notwithstanding the provisions of said act of congress, and the said award and decision of said solicitor of the treasury, so made, communicated and reported, as aforesaid, to pay, or credit to the petitioners the residue of the said sum so awarded, being the sum of thirty-nine thousand four hundred and sixty-two dollars and forty-three cents; or to credit or

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v. The United States.]
pay to the petitioners, or either of them, the. interest upon the said balance so unjustly and illegally withheld.
The petition states, that after the refusal, omission, or neglect of Amos Kendall, to execute his duty, by obeying the act of congress, in passing the amount awarded'to his credit; the petitioners communicated, the facts of their case to the President of the United States, requesting him to cause the said act of congress to be executed: who thereupon, transmitted the same to Amos Kendall, the postmaster general; and having received a reply to the same, stating why he had thus refused to comply with the award; and suggesting an application to congress for further legislation. The president, in December, 1836, transmitted this reply to the petitioners; and in his communication says: "It appearing that there is a difference of opinion between the solicitor and the postmaster general, upon the extent of the reference under the law to the solicitor, the postmaster general having yielded to what he believes to be all that was submitted by the law to the solicitor's decision, and paid the same. But, congress being now in session, and the best expounder of the intent and meaning of their own law, I think it right and proper, under existing circumstances, to refer it to that body for their decision. I deem this course proper, as the difference in opinion about the extent of the submission, under 'the law, arises between the head of the post office department and the solititor of the treasury; and, as it appears, the solicitor has reversed, in part, his decision and award."
The petitioners, in consequence of this correspondence, presented to congress a memorial; which, in the senate, was referred to the .committee on the judiciary.
The petitiof refers to the reports of the judiciary committee of tne senate, of January 20th, 1837, and February 17th, 1837, and to the correspondence between the postmaster general and the chairman of the committee: copies of which are annexed to the petition. The concluding part of the report of the judiciary cQmmittee, of January 20th, 1837, was as follows:
"That congress intended the awaru of the solicitor to be final, is apparent from the direction of the act, ' that the postmaster general 13e, and he is hereby, directed to credit such mail contractors with whatever sum or sums of money, if any, the said solicitor shall so decide to be due to them,' &c. If congress had intended to revise the decision of the solicitor, the postmaster general would not have been directed to make the payment, without the intervention or fur-

SUPREME COURT.
[Kendall v. The United States.] ther action of congress." Unless it appeared, which is not suggested by any one, that some cause exists which would vitiate or set aside the award between private parties before a judicial tribunal'; the committee cannot recommend 'the interference of congress to set aside this award, and more especially as it has becn made by a high officer selected by the government; and the petitioners hve been subjected to the trouble and expense of irivestigating their claims before a tribunal created by congress itself.
"It appears that since the award was made by the solicitor, the postmaster general has paid to the petitioners the sum of one hundred and twenty thousand nine hundred and thirty-eight dollars and thirty cents, leaving the balance of forty thousand six hundred and twenty-five dollars and fifty-nine cents unpaid of the sums awarded in favour of the petitioners. From the view which the committee have taken, the conclusion -at which they have arrived is, that the whole amount decided to be due, and owing to the petitioners, by the solicitor of the-treasury, ought to be paid to them out of the funds of the post office department; aicording to the directions of the act, enti 'ed ' An act for the relief of William B. Stokes, Richard C. Stockton, Lucius W. Stockton, and Daniel Moore;' and that no further action of congress is necessary; therefore, the committee recommend the adoption of the following resolution:
"Resolved,'That the postmaster general is fully warranted in paying, and ought to pay to William B. Stokes and others, respectively, the full amount of the award of the solicitor of the treasury."
The report of February 17th, 1837, on the message of -the president of the United States, of the 15th February, 1837, with the.accompanying documents in relation to the claims of Stockton and Stokes and others, contain the following:
" The committee have considered the documents communicated, and cannot discover -any cause for changing their opinion upon any of the principles advanced in their former report upon this s.ubject; nor the correctness of their application to this case.. They therefore recommend the adoption of the resolution heretofore reported by the committee."
The petition to the Court proceeds to state, that the principal ground of the refusal, neglect, and omission of the postmaster general. to execute and obey the act of congress, and to give the petitioners credit for the full amount of the award of the solicitor of the treasury; was, as represented by him, that the said solicitor had trans-

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

533

[Kendall v. 'the United States.]
cended the authority created and conferred on him by the act, in so awarding and deciding, whereas the contrary is the fact; and the solicitor, on 'being apprized that a doubt existed as to the extent of his authority, he did submit the said question.to the attorney general of the United States, to obtain his opinion. The opinion Of the attorney Anet:ai, confirmed the construction of the law given by the solicitor of the treasury.
The petition proceeds to state, that the "petitioners conceiving and believing that they are and have been entitled to the whole sum so awarded by the said solicitor passed to their credit on the books of the post office department, and to receive the amount which, after the said ,entry,should appear justly due to them, with legal interest upon the balance; have applied to the said Amos Kendall, postmaster general, as aforesaid, to have the said credits, so entered, and the said moneys so paid, which he has.continually refused, and stilf refuses and neglects to do: and the congress of the United States will not pass any other or further law, as it is believed, merely because they have already passed one sufficient to neet the case; so that the only means of obtaining the money which is jusfly due to the petitioners, is, by application to your honourable Court.
"Wherefore, your petitioners do respectfully pray that your honours, the preinises considered, will award the United States' -writ of mandamus to be directed to the said Amos Kendall, postmaster general of the United States, commanding him-
1. "That he Shall fully comply.with, obey, and execute, the aforesaid act of congress, of July 2d, 1836; by crediting your petitioners with the full and entire sum so awarded, as aforesaid, in their favour, by the solicitor of the treasury, as aforesaid; in conformity with said award and decision.
2. "That he shall pay to your petitioners the full amourit so awarded, with interest thereon, deducting only the amount which shall be ju,§tly charged,or chargeable to your memorialists against the same.'?
On the 26th May, 1837, the district court of-the county of Wash*ington made a rule in the case, on the motion. of the relators, by their counsel: "That the said Amos Kendall, postmaster general of the United States, show cause on Thursday, the first of June next, why the said writ of mandanius should not issue, as prayed. by the said memorialists; and that a copy of this order be served on the said Amos Kendall, postmaster.general, as aforesaid."

-,UPREME COURT.
[Kendall v. The United States.]
A copyof the rule was served ,-s directed, and was so certified by tl. marshal of the"District of Columbia. Afterwards, on.the 7th of June, 1837, on the motion of the relators, by their counsel; the court *rdered a mandainus, nisi, to issue, directed to the postmaste geieral; which writ was issued on the same day.
The mandamus, nisi, after statingthe proceedings which had taken place in the case, proceeded as follows: "Therefore you are hereby commanded and enjpined, that immediately after the receipt of this writ, and without dlay,,,you do fully comply -with, obey,-and execute on your part, the aforesaid act of congress, of, 2d July', 1836 by crediting said mail contractors with the full and entire sum so awarded and deeided, as aforesaid, to he due to them by the solicitor of the treasury, according to the true intent and meaning of the said award and decision; so that complaint be not again made to the.laid'eircuit court: and that you certify perfect obedience to, and
due-executionof this writ to the said circuit epurt, on Saturday the tenth day of June instant; or that you do at ten o'clock of that day, show cause to' the said Court, why you have n4t so done as comn ended.'"
On the 1Oth of June, 1837, the relators, by their counsbl; and 'Amos Kendall,.by. h s counsel, appeared- in court; and further time was"given, -rmotioti, to Amos Kendall to file his answer.
On the 24th day of June, 1837, the answer of the postmaster general was filed.
The answer contained the following causes "for declining.obedience to the order of the court;" with a full argument upon each of th6m:
First. "It is doubted wlhethe, under the, constitution of the United States, it confers on, the judiciary department of the go vernment, authority-to control the executive department in the rexereise of its functions, of whatsover character.
Second. "If,, according to the constitution, the, circuit court jor the District of Columbia might be clothed by law toissue a mandamusin such a case, no such power has been conferred upon them by the act of congress.
Third. "If, by- the constitution, congress can clothe the courts with authority to issue'writs, of-mandamus against executive officers, aq such; and if they Rave vested the general power in this court by law; this is not a case in which that power can be lawfully exercised.

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall f,The Uited States.]
Fourth. "The court have ordered the postmaster general to perform a legal impossibility."
To this answer .of the postmaster.general, the opinion of the ittorney general of the United States on the whole of the case, and sustaining the views of the postmaster general, was annexed.
On the 13th July, 1837, the circuit court ordered a peremptory mandamus, to be directed to the postmaster gen~ral, to be issued. The postmaster general prosecuted this writ of error.
The case was argued by Mr. Key and by Mr. Butler, the ,attorney general, for the plaintiff in error; and by Coxe and Mr. Johnson for the defendants.
Mr. Key, for the appellant: The recprd presents a case of conflict between two of the gret depositories of the powers of government given by the constitution. The judiciary has assumed a power which the executive departmient resists. It is a power hitherto unknown to the judiciaryhitherto exercised by the executive alone, without question. It is avast power. It annihilates one great department of the government in one of its appropriate functions, if. not all the departments; and vests, to a very considerable and undefined extent, all power in another. The court below denies that there, can be any such conflict. It has not only assumed the power, but fortified it by the doctrine that it is to be unquestioned and irresistible. When the court speaks, "it is in the name of the United States," "it is the sovereign power that speaks," and " commands the proper executive officers to execute that judgment." And this'doctrine, it is thought by the court, cannot be opposed "without invoking principles which tend to set the executive authority above the restraints of law." As the court has therefore not' merely assumed the powpr, but assumed it as a sovereign, making the assumption the proof of its supreinaey;, this doctrine, as to the effect of the assertion of the power, may be considered as necessarily connected with that which relates to its nature *and validity · and certainly, if such is the effect of the power, it ought to be considered in such an inquiry. We hold, that this doctrine, as :tothe effect of the power, is as inde-
fensible as that which led to its exercise; that where the sentence of a court is -brought to any other independent tribunal, to be carried

S5,36

5UPREMFI COURT.

LKefidall v. The United States.]
into execution, preliminary questions, from the nature of things, must present themselves to such othertribunral, which it alone must decide for itself; those questions are.: IS this sentence I am -asked to execute, within or be ond the jurisdiction of the court pronouncing it? Is it pron6unced judieliall. or extra-judicially ? If the former, further inquiry is inadmissible,for it is to be obeyed; if the latter, unnecessary, for it is a nullity. We hold this principle as applicable to all the distinct ibdependent departments of our government. We hold that to prescribe limits to power is idle, if 'the holder is to be the sole and unquestionedjudge of What the limits are,; if his possession of the power is conclusively roved by its assertion, he has unlimited power: and if any of the depositories of power under our constitution-are placed on such an eminence, it is ,strange that the framers of that instrument should have thought it necessary to make it so complicated. For, if a safe depository of such a power was four)d, the great 'secret was discovered; and the government might have been made extremely simple.
He did not understand any'writer upon the constitution as having sanctioned such a doctrine. On the contrary, he should show the
very highest authority for a directly contrary doctrine, that occa!sional conflicts and encroachments upon each other's sphere of powers by the different departments of -the government, were exppcted to arise; and, that it was thought a matter of security, that each was left to the independent maintenance of its own rights, and bound by duty to resist the invasions of the others.
Here' then is a conflict, an4 the parties to this conflict stand on
%round,of perfect equality; and the question is, where is the power, ini dispute?
That bne of the partiesis a judicial tribu'nal, gives it no superiority. It must show'its jurisdiction by something more than assuming it. It it can show no other warrant *forit, its sentence is a nullity.
Yet it must be admitted, there is a presumption in favour of the judiciary in such a contest. And it is a just one, arising from a proper respect for judicial proceedings; andi a persuasion that as the usurpation of power is the most unbecoming, obit is least of all to be expected there,.
Vet nothing human is infallible, and it. may be found there. A
court vmay mistake in deciding upon the dxtent of its own powers, as on any other, question., It may honestly believe jt has the power it

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendallv. The United Sta es] assumes; and such no doubt was the case with tie court where this controversy has arisen.
The executive department of the government, upon whom this power was exerted, has felt bound to question it. IIt has used, the means which the constitution aid the laws have given it to deterraine'the course which, under such circumstances, it ought to take;and cannot believe'that it would be justified in abandoning its duties tothe power and control of .any other department.
We assert, theroefore, that judicial encroachment is 4s liable ,to question as legislative or executive; and this power in%every de-
partment to defend itself4 arid'assert its own, indepehdence, we contend :is.the undoubted doctrine of the constitution. Certainly the constitution has assigned"limits to the powers of all the departments! and leaves each within its sphere independent. Certainly it is-silen't as to any such poweeibeing vested in either,,aswould enable it without question, to encroach upon the powers of the others. He cited, to show not only that it was competent for the executive department of ,the government to resist, but that it was its duty to resist any encroachment by the judiciary': Rose v. Himely, 4 Cranch, 269; 1 Wilson, 407, 410, 411; 'Federalist, 51, No. 34; 2 .Story, on the Constitution,.-22, 23, 24; 3 Story, 458, 459; Elliot's Debates, Mr. Madison's Speech, 378; Speech of Mr.. Ames, 397; .2 Dllas 410; 5 Wheat. App. 16; Patterson v, United States, 2 Wheat. 226.
He was gratified that the contest was brought here. Here, where all encroachments upon the constitution would' be brought to the same impartial test; where this high tribunal would'watch with double vigilance, and rebuke with all its dignity, judicial encroachment; and he trusted it would be seen that this instance of judicial wrong, would here receive judicial correction.
They would show, he thought, in this appeal, a case in which the circuit court had assumed, for the first time, a power that had not been and could not be given to it. He charged it as no wilful ujurpation; and believed. it to be only a most unfortunate dud' a most extraordinary error of judgment
That power, as appears from its application by the court and from their:own statement of it, amounts to this: "The power to direct and compel by mandamus the official'action of ,every public offrcer wherein individual rights are concerned."
Such appears to be the principle from . the case to which it has VoL. XII.--3Y

538

SUPREME COURT.

[Kendall v. The United States.]
been applied. What is that case? He referred to the petition of the relators to the court; t6 the act of congress foP their relief; 'their let-
ter to the President; the President's letter to the relators referring their complaint to congress; and -their memorial thereupon to con-

gress.

These documents, exhibited by the relators themselves, show-that

when the postmaster general refused to allow them a further credit on the award, they called on the:President, under his constitutional

power to take care that the laws'were faithfully executed, to require

the postmaster general to execute this law, by giving them the fur-

ther credit required. And that, when the President took the case intq

consideration, he referred it to congress to pass an explanatory act;

and that one house of congress, the'senate, took up the case: and in

the anhe

petition;- will not pass any further law, as there

is already a sufficient one."" Now, this is the case of the relators by

their own showing. Where is it? Certainly r ot before the post-

master general. They appealed from his decision to the President;

and he referred it, as he had a right to do, to congress: aid the

relators acquiesce in this reference, and present their petition to

congress, and say, in their petition to the court, "that congress will

not pass another law ", To whom, then, snould the mandamus go? if to any. The post-
master general was discharged of the case. It should go to congress,

,or to the President.

2. The court below say, "every public officer, who neglects or refuses to perform a mere ministerial duty, whereby an individual is injured, is legally responsible to that individual, in some form or
other; and a mandamus is one of the mildest forms of action that
can be used:" making the liability to action, which should of itself prohibit the power of mandamus, the test of its correctness. They

say "every public officer," including the President. Mr. Lee, in Marbury v. Madison, 1 Cranch, 149, says not though
the Court, in that case, say, "it does not depend on the office, but the nature of the offence. As to the President, see judge Story's Constitutional Law, 3d, vol. 419; where it is stated that he is amehable to no civil process, to an officer of any department, to the speaker of the house of representatives, should he refuse to sign a lw. The court asserts its right., to interfere with all those ,officers, as to their

acts of "nere ministerial duty.-'

Now, the remedy hyrmadamus isjust as applicable to their acts

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kiendally. The United States.] of discretionary duty. So it appears in all the bbks on the subject of mapdAmus. So in 19 John; Rep. 259. So this Court, in 9 Peters, 604,
When a'court has the power to order a mandamus, it goes,. by its supervising authority to an inferior; and goes, and ought to go, as well to enforce the discharge of discretionary duties as ministerial duties: with this only difference, that the command g6es,,in the one case, to 'do the prescribed ministerial act; and in the other, to proeeed and exercise the discretion, and do the act in the waythat discretion may direct it. , So that a mandamus is as applicable to discretionary, as to ministerial acts; and in this case, if any mdfndamus could issue, it should have been, not to enter the 'particular credit required, but such Icredit as the postmaster general should
consider the award of the solicitor authoi'ized:' for this would not be a mere ministerial act, but one' requiring the exercise of discretion. It is the same as giving judgment oh an award, which surely requires discretion. 9' Peters, 603, 604; 5 Binney, 104, 107.,
Ftirther: the principle of the court sanctioning this interference with the officers of other Aepartments, "whenever individual rights are concerned;" is official action, in which the public, as well as the individual, are concerned. It waa not so.considered in Marbury v. Madison. , That case only meant to allow it whereA here was'no public, but only.an individual interest concerned.
The postmaster general, was to execute a law of congress affecting individuals, and also affecting the' public.. That e cecution first required.of him to, examine the solicitor's award, and-'the act of congress, arid see if it was "so" awarded; that is, according to the terms of the law. Then, whatever was "so" awarded, he was to credit in his department, officially, so as to bind the government.
They were, therefore, -executive acts; and it is admitted, in the court's opinion, ",that the, President was bound to see when he performed this act, and that he did it faithfully." But the court holds, that this power of tha President gives him no o(her control over the, officer than to see that he acts honestly, with proper motives; without any power to construe the law, and- see that the executive action conforms to it: that is, the President is only to see to that which he can never see, at least with certainty, the motives 6f his sabordindte; Ond is not to see to the conformity of the executive action to the law prescribing it; which is the very thing he should se :, and can

540

SUPREME COURT.

[Kendall v. The Uniited Sttes.]
see, and for which he io responsible. This is quite inconsistent with every opinion of every writer upon this subject; as in letters of Pacificus, 556, 557, 559'; Wilson, 404; Chief Justice Marshall's argument on thecase of Jonathan Robbins,.5 Wheat. Rep. 16 ; Judge
Story, 3 Com. 414. Not only is it the President's duty to see -how the laws are exe-
cuted: he is invested ;With discretion as to when they are to be executed. All the laws of congress are to be -executed; but not at one and the same time. - Some depend on. others. Some must be postponed, and some executed with despatch. Various circumstances may occur to delay-the execution 'of a law; circumstances which the executive department-alone can know. This'is stated'in judge .ohnson's opinion in the Cherokee, case, 5 Peters, 1 ; and by the Court, in 1 Wheaton 1.
Now the circuit court assumes to direct and control all executive officers, in all these respects. It therefore assumes the power described, as "the power, to .direct and compel, by mandamus, the official action of every public officer, wherein, individual rights are
concerned;" and that, where the President is admitted, in reigard to such official action of the officer, to ,be bound by his constitutional duty, to see that the Dfficer does it faithfully, and to determine when he shall do it.
The attorney' general has defied, in, hi's opinion, that such a power can be given to the courts. That denial we now maintaim
It cannot be -given to the courts, because it necessarily interferes 'with ttib power of control given by 'the constitution to the P'resident. "Whenever a controlling power or power of appeal is
exclusively lodged in any person or, corporation, the. courtwill not grant a mandamus. This is the case of visitors of colleges, or others of Opiritual foundation." Rex v. Bishop of Chester, 1 Wil. 206 ;.'Rex V.:;Bishop of Ely, 2 Term Rep. '290.
It,is impossible here to question the controlling power of' the
President over the postmdster general, as to the duty 'to which he is to be compelled by this proceeding. Here is an act of congress,' relating to the public money, and requiring the postmaster' general officially to do a certain act ip relation to it. As to this act, the President is 'b6und 'to have it executed. And 'the President, on whom this responsibility is /ast, 'is armed by the constitution' with full powers to enable him., to have it fully and faithfully executed'.

JANUARY- TERM, 1838.

541.

[Kendall v. The. United States.]
For if the postmaster general will not execute it as the President thifiks 'ittight to be executed, and the President acquiesces in this imperfect execution of it, then he violates his duty in having the laws executed. If the postmaster general should think that he is the judge, and that he ought not.to execute it as the President thin ks it ought to be executed, he should resign; or the President should remove him,'and appoint another, who will execute it.
The Pesident, therefore, on whom the responsibility of seeing the laws faithfully executed plainly rests; has, under the constitution, full power to fulfil the duty cast upon him, .and control the postmaster general in the execution of this act of congress. Therefore, according to -the principle -above referred tW,'the court eannot inter-
fere by mandamus. Further: The nature of this control, and the consequences of af-
firming the power of the court thus to interfere with it, will show
the unreasonableness of the -doctrine. What becomes of the President's responsibility to have the laws
of congress faithfully executed? Here is a law to be executed. The President is about to have it done as congress meant it should be done; but the circuit court of the District of Columbia,, intertose, and command, by mandamus, that it shall be done otherwise. He is impeached for. not doing it; or for doing it wrong. Can he de,fend himself by showing the mandate of the court?
And if the controlis with the court, ought they, not to be responsible for the execution of .the laws.? And are they?. And shall that power, which is charged with the duty of executing the laws of con-
gcess, beirresponsible ? Again: It has'been shown that the constitution'casts'this, duty on
the President; makes him responsible, and, arms him with powers to fulfil it. Not so, in either respect, as to the court. If they assume the duty, it is, by inference, from their power to try cases in law and equity. No responsibility is pretpnded; for, no matter how wrong. they may decide&thre is no ,responsibility for mistakes of judgment. And they are armed with no powers to carry out what they may command; it is-brututn fulmen.
Suppose a peremptory mandamus to be the result in this case. It goes againstAmos Kendall, postmastcr general of the United .States. He refuses obedience. They send an attachment for contempt.. It goes against Amos Kendall,,(as before,) postmaster general of the

SUPREME COURT.
[Kendall v. The United States.]
United States. He is brought before them, and committed. I4
then, the postmaster general of the 'United States is in jail, is he still posimaster general? Or is his office vacant, and. must the President appoint 'another? Certainly, if the controlling power is with the court, this is what should be done; they would thus have the power of removal. And they also ought to have the power of' appointment; for if they havc. the controlling power, they might get, (inthe same way they get that,) °by inference, all power necessary to make the controlling power effectual, so as to.. appoint such a successbr as would carry their commands into effecf, in opposition to-that pfthe President. If the court cannot do this, they would then see that they had Undertaken to command what they had no legal power to enforce'.
Is it not more wise and dignified for a court to decline giving a command, which tbey see no law -has given them the necessary power to enforce,; /and wait till they are invested with all the power necessary to attain the end in view? Must not every:court declipe a jurisdiction which the laws have not given thlem power to enforce?
If it be said that the President would be wrong, and arbitrary in thus.resisting the court; the plaintiff says: that would depend upon
eertamiing where was the first wrong. If th. court uurped power, ought not 4he President'to use his constitutional power'to resist it? The late Chief Justice Marshall, in the case of Jonathan' Robbins, 5 Wheat. App. 16, says, that in such a case, it is thd duty: of the Pre'sident to resist; so says general Hamilton, in Pacificus; and Judge Washington, as to the district court,' in 2'Wheat.
It may furtlier be supposed,. that the postmaster general, on receiving the peremptory mandamus, takes'another course. The command is to entep the credit to the relators for the amount awarded. Suppose he enters it, in his own handwriting, as done by him, not in, virtue of his office as postmaster general of the United States, but as done -by command of' the circuit court, and so return's to the writ? Would the court hold this a performance? And-then, What effect would be given to the'entry in "he post office'? Would they pay a credit appearing to be allowed only on the authority of the circuit court? And if the paying officer refuses to pay, would'the court enforce the payment?
Here, as to this matter of enforcing payment, whatever the' compliance may be with the present command, the court say they 'are in doubt. Well may they doubt a power to. take the public money

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v. The United States.]
out of the treasury, and make the United States suable in, this case' of law or equity. But they doubt; and ought not the doubt, wheither they could arrive at the end, stop their setting out? What purpose is to be answered by having an entry made in a book, if ii may remain there as a dead letter? If it is to be read and treated as an entry made by an authority which is disputed; and , hich cannot be enforced ?
The circuit court denied all this right of control in the President.
If he sees the iriferior executive officers acting honestly, he can look no further. .'How, or when"they execute a law, are things he has no concern with. It is impossible to sustain this 'position. The post office, as established by congress, is an executive department of the government.. The law of congress is conclusive- as to this; fdr it gives him powers which could not be given according to the constitution, if he was not the head of an executive department.
As the'head of a' department that officer is, therefore, subject to the power of the Presideht; "to call upon him for his opinion in writing, upon any matter appertaining to the duties of his office." This implies, plainly, that he is, as to these duties of his office, subject to the. President's control. For why should he. give any account of his opinions upon matters appertaining to -those duties, if he is independent of the President? And why should the President have the power of requiring such opinions as to his duties, but to ascertain how he means to execute these duties; and to enable him,'if he finds he is about to execute alaw, or discharge any of his official duties improperly, to direct and dontrol, and, if necessary, remove him from office?
Arid this is' declaimed against as arbitrary power. It seemed to. him directly the contrary. The President appoints these officers, and can remove them at pleasure. This all admit. He administers the affairs of government through them; and the presumption is, that they will execute the laws and the duties of their respective departments, in the manner he approves. Now, who does not see that if he can have his will this done by his subordinates, and escape all censure and responsibility for what is dcoile wrong, by saying it was done by them, and that they were independent of his control; his power would be far more arbitrary, and more dangerous, than if they were made subject to his control, and he responsible for their acts. -
The framers of our constitution were wise enough to see this, and
they have left him no ground for such an excuse; and the'people

SUPREME COURT.
[Kendall v.TheUnited States.] have always held him to this respon~ibility; and the opponents of every administration have always charged the chief magistrate as openly and distinctly .with the alleged wrongs of his subordinates, as if their acts were purely his; and the supporters of no adninistration have ever pretended td defend, the President from any of the alleged errors of his administration, on the ground that they were not hjs acts, but the acts Of independent subordinates. And as long as the government shall'last, this is the true constitutional giound, and the ,only safe one on which those wJio administer it, must stand: and was it not so, we should have the English maxim, that the king can. do .rowrong,! made applicable to the ,President.
if the act in question affects the political powers of the President, as giVen by the.constitution, the opinion in the case so much relied on of Marburv v. Madison, is conclusive as to this control,; and against the powerof congress to take it from the President and con: fer it elsewhere. One of the: political powers or duties of the President, as given by the constitution, is to see that the laws are.faithfully executed; and both the late Chief Justice, in the chse of Tohathan tobbins; .andMr. Hamilton, in the passage referred to, "a
the letters of Pacificus; say, that he, must ascertain. what the law ,means "must judge of it for' himself." The opinion in Maribury v, Madison shows that there may be laws in the execution of which thepublic is not directly interested, where only individual rights are concerned. And such is the case mentioned of an individual's right to a- copy of'a paper, on paying for it,.and the other 'similar cases given in illustration of the principle. There are cases inwhich individual interests alotie are concerned, and therefore affect not the political powers of the President.. But all lawB which affect the public, are political; and the execution of those laws, their faithful execution, as he thinks they ought to be executed, the President must see to. And such are, all the 'cases given in 'that opinion, as illustrations of executive acts, wherein the control belongp to the President.
If it be said, as it has been in the court below, that this is an act which affects only individual interests; we say the credit requited to be entered in the, relators' account, which account must be stated as having the credit,'makes a sum of money due to them which must be paid out of the treasury; and therefore the execution of this act aff~ets the public interest.
There are many reasons why such a control ought to belong to the executive. and not to the courts. And first, the pover ought to be

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

545

[Kendall v. The United States.] left with the executive, because from the organization of the government it has always exercised, it. It has length of time, continued possession, and long and uniform usage to plead 'for it. This command, if it issues from the Court, is the m'st ihistance of such interference. The same lapse of time and continued usage that gives this claim to the executive, should bar the judiciary. It seems hardly possible to conceive how any court should possess such Ajurisdiction for near forty years, and never be called on to exercl,vit till now. How has it happened that all the claimants in such cases, and all the lawyers tAnd courts of the United States sh6uld be ignorant of it ? It cannot be said no such case has occurred, for every claim made upon the government, and disallowed by the executive officers, ,might have been brought before the courts, as is the present one. In the next place, the executive ought to have this power, because it is executive in its nature. The executive is fitted to execute it, and artped with means to execute it. It can always execute, it, (as executive' power always ought to be executed,) promptly, uniformly, and in the time and manner that the public interests may require; and as its means may enable it. The contrary of all thisik the case with the courts. They are unfitted to wield'this power, because they
have not the, information of' the state of the executive, department; its duties; the means within its control; and the variotus circumstances which may obstruct and delay executive action. And they cannot get this information; for even if they bad a right to call for it, they have not the time, unless they neglect their ordinary judicial business, to acquire this kowledge of executive affairs.
Then the executive, when t has the necessary means, and it is desirable to do-so, can act promptly. But the courts are trying .'Ca case in law or equity," and that is a business which is never done very promptly. Judicial robes are not the garments for quick action. Where the judgment or decree comes, it seems to be conceded there is an appeal to this Court, at the application of either the claimant or the officer 1s this appeal to suspend the, execution of the law, or the act of executive duty required.? If not, what is the worth of the proceeding; and if it is, what lay not be the conse-
quences of the delay? Again, the executive acts uniformly throughout the Union; if that
department directs the action, all executive acts will be performed alike; all the laws will be executed in the same way,
But. if the courts assume the power, they may (as they often do'
VoL. XI.-3 Z

SUPREME COURT.
[Kendall v. Thd United Stgtes.] differ with each otlier. A law may be :directed by the court in one, state, to be' executed in one way; and, by the court in another state, in another manner. It is true their differences may be settled by appeal to the Supreme Court; but could d government be endured, all whose laws or whose executive action, at the claim of any individual whb may conceive his interests affected, were liable to be suspended till their judicial differences were investigated and decided ?
And further, if The inferior executive officers are subjected to this double control, viz., that of the President and of the courts, bow are they to serve these two masters? And if their commands differ, which is to prevail?
The case of Marbury v. Madison, shows there can be no such thing as this double control. It distinctly states that the act of dutysought to be commanded by the mandamus in that case, was one in relation to which the President had no control over the officer: and it as'distinctly admits that Where the officer is, in relation to the duty sought to be enforced, at all subject to the control or direction of the President, there the Court has no power to command him. In Gibbons v. Ogden, 9 Wheat. 209, the Supreme Court says: "It seems that a power, to regulate implie, in its nature full- power over the thing to be regulated, and excludes necessarily the action of all others that would perform the same -operation in the same thing,' Now, if the power to regulate is thus necessarily exclusive of all other regulating power, a fortiori; a power to execute must be exclusive of all other executive power.
Let it be supposed that the act of congress now in question, provided, in the very words'of the constitution, "that the President should see that this law was faithfully executed by the postmaster general." Would not this provision have given the control to the President? And could the court, in that case, have interfered? And is not the provision in the constitution, as effectual as it would have been in the act?
The power in question cannot be given to the courts, because, from the nature of the power, being the execution of a law which concerns the nation, it is political ;power; 5 Peters, 20 and 30; and belongs to the executive departm~ent;. has alwdys been exercised by it, and never by the courts; is fit-for the executive, and unfit for the courts; and being, therefore, executive power, belongs to that department. The executive power is vested in the President, and can-

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

547

[Kendlall .r. The UWited States.]
not be vested elsewhere. Martin v. Hunter, 1 Wheat. 304, 316,,320; 3'Story's Corn. 451, 340, 414.
Again,. it cannot be given to:the courts, because it is not judicial
power.
What power can be given, according to the constitution, to the judiciary? Certainly none 'but what is properly judicial power Can the power of supervising executive officers, and directing them how and when they are to'perform executive acts, be judicial power? There are -two remarkable instances of the judiciary declining to exercise powers conferred 'Upon them. One, arose from the act of cdngress authorizing the circuit eQurts to report to th.e secretary ,of the treasuy, the' names of persons entitled to be placed on the peti&sion rolls. The opinions of the judges are in 2 Dallas, 409. They thought this was not properly' of a judicial nature ; and that, therefore, congress could not 'constitutionally confer it on the courts.
There is certainly no ,comparison as to the judicial iature of the two powers, between the examination into a claimant's right to a pension under the' laws of the, United States, and reporting its determination to the secretary of the treasury; and the power now in, question. If this is prop'erly of a judicial nature, it will be difficult to account for the nicety of the judges in declining the power given by the act referred to.
The other instance, is mentioned by judge Story, in a notes in page 420, v6. 3,'on Const. Law; and .refers to 5 Marshall's Lifg fWashington, 433, 441. It there appears that General Washington, as Prdsident, before he proceeded to the execution of the treaty with France, of 1778, called upon the Supreme Court to expound it, and direct how it should be executed; and they declined doing so, on'the ground that they could give no opinion but judicially, in a case regularly brought before them.
Novy,'if tle judiciary has this supervising power over executive acts, and can direct'the officers how they are to discharge them on ,the application of ay person, interested; it is strange, that when the executive' calls upon the Court for its direction, it should be incompetent to give it. Can any reason be given, why an individual claiming the benefit of executive action from an officer should receive the aid of the court; and the officer when he asks it, be rbfused?
Nor are we left to conjecture what is judicial power. The con-

SUPREME COURT.
[Kendall v. The United States.]
stitution defines it. It says, "the judicial, power shall extend to all cases in law and equity arising under the constitution, the laws of the United States, and treaties," &c. A great deal, no doubt, has been accomplished in the way of deriving powers from the constitution, in the way of construction; but the ingenuity that shall acquire for the ftourts, from the power to try cases in law and equity, the power to send any public officer to jail, unless he will discharge his executive duties in the way the courts shall prescribe to him, will very far exceed any thing that has yet been Attempted. It does riot seem likely that the framers of this instrument were aware that there could be a case in law or equity, that could be brought to so strange a conclusion; otherwise, some provision would probably have been made for supplyfing the place of the imprisoned officer. And, as the officer, in such a case, whose disobedience, if it was con-
scientious, would not be guilty of an unpardonable offence, and ought not to be imprisoned for life; some limitation would, probably, have been attached to the period of his confinement.
But the court thinks ther'e should be little scruple in assuming this authority, and no objection in submitting to it. 'That, "' as it can only be 'used in cases where a duty is to be performed, and wlere it is. still in the power of the officer to perform it, the cases cannot be very nurherous."
With submission to the coutt, Mr. Key said, he coUld'not but think otherwise. Let it be ornce established, that whenever a public officer will not do what an individual, claiming 'inder "a particular act of congress," or', "the general principles of law,". (for to this extent, according to Marbury. v. Madison, the doctrine goes,) may require of him, this Court may take cognizance of the case, and compel the officer to do the act; and the cases for such -interference will be innumerable.
What are most of the cases brought before the legislature at every session of congress, but claims of"this description? Claims arising for compensation for services rendered, or losses sustained; and claimed under some " particular act of congress," or " the general principles of'law," and which the officers of governmefnt have refused to allow, All the claims spoken of'by judge Story, in his Commentaries, pages 538, 539,,540, 541, are of this description; and are spoken of as being without this or any other remedy: and have always, by all, been so considered.
What is the present case but a claim arising under a particular act

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v. The United States.]
of congress ? And Was it not the same before this particular act of congress of the last session was passed? Was it not originally a claim for services under a contract with the postmaster general, under the post office laws, a particular act of congress? When it was disallowed, might not the ,claimants have brought it here as well under one act as another? as well under thd post office law, without. going to c6ngress, and getting the special act under which they now claim, if they had onry'known of this supervising jurisdiqtion of the court they now invoke. And if this is a tase now for the exercise of this jurisdiction by the circuit court, and was so when the claimants carried it, in their ignorance , to congress; what claim can there be, affecting individual rights, that arises under "an act of congress," or under " the general principles of law" where the public officers disallow it, or refuse or delay to, act on it, that is not also such a case?
The court speak in, their opinion of this. remedy by mandamus against public officers, commanding them how and when they are to perform their executive functions, .as the "mildest" and the "bdst"
form of proceeding; and think, that "the 'officers will be.less harassed by it than'by the usual forms.of action" for injuries to individuals. -Itwould certainly be not only the- mildest and the best, and the least harassing to the officers, but quite agreeable provided they should think it their dfity not to do their duty, but to let the court do it for them, and obey their commands: -but, if they should think it their duty to act and think for themselves, and that the court had nq right to think and act for them, 'and that' what the court commanded was contrary to their duty, and. should do their duty,. and not the command of the court; then it would not be so agreeable a remedy; unless they should, think retirement in a prison, during the pleasure of .'the court, more agreeable than the cares of office.
He would beg leave tO ask the Court to compare what is thus said, with What was said here in the case of M'Cilun v. gilliman, 0 Wheat. 605. This Court thinks exactly otherwise of this remedy; as being (even if the laws allowed it) the worst and the most harassing, and in avery way the most improper. And whatever the officers might think of'a remedy that seems so pleasant to the court, the public might not find it agreeable to be paying officers their salaries. for attending to their business, while they were enjoying this "o.tium cum dignitate" under the sentence of a court.

SUPREME CORT.
[Kendall v. Thi United States.] The e'rcuit court relies, on passages' extracted from Marbury v.
Madison as a refutation 'of the attorney, general's' opinion, denying the power of congress to give the power claimed in this instance to the courts; and these dicta are'bssqomed as settled decisions, and also is their' chief, if not sole authority for assuming the powerl,
That there Are some expressionsin that case that,,seem to favour some of the positions taken by the circuit court, may be admitted. That they sanction.,their assumption of the jurisdiction, we deny.
How far are they exarnin~able? Are they authoritative decisions? We respectfully say not. If not touching the point in'controversy, nor .necessary -for' its'decisibn, they may be examined, And this Court has decided that therek are such expressions in that case. Attoiney General's Opinioli, 29; 'Cohens'v. Virginia, 6 Wheat. 399, 400; What was the point to be decided? The co nstitution~lity of the law of congress was the first question; -and the point of jutisdiption thus arising' and being settled against the jurisdiction, all else is dietuin, and extrajudicial. Every thing 'else then' is" examinable..
In Cohens v. Virginia,6 Wheat. 399, 400, it is admitted that there ared'idta'iin that case, and one of them very near to the point de'cided is overruled.
Ii Wheelwright v. Columbia Ins. Co. 7 Wheat. 534, anotheris rejected. Another at the cldse of page 167, 1 Cranch, is directly op, posed by the argument'in Jonathan Robbins' case, in, page 16 of App.. to 5 Wheat.; and not reconcilable with 9 Wheat. 819, and'6 Peters, 465; and another (that which states the remedy by action as making a mandamus improper) is directly repudiated by the circuit court in their opinion in this case.
Marbury v. Madison, therefore,: settles no other question than that which arose as to the jurisdiction. And the whole course of the court, and its settled and repeatedly declared doctrine is, that any opinions given on the merits of a case where a question as to jurisdiction arises, (unless where 'the jurisdiction is affirmed,) ar6 hot only dicta, but extra-judicial. The fblqowing cases will Snow the strongest expressions of the .ourt against entering upon any questign, until that of jurisdiction- is' so decided as to make their consideration necessary to the determinatiom of the cause. 2 DalI. 414; 5 Marshall's Life of Washington, 443; Unifed-'States v. Moore, 3 Cranch, 172; 'Bradley v. Taylor, 5 Cranch, 221; Wilson v.:Mason, 1 Cranch, 91'; Osborn v. The Bank of U. Si 9 Wheat.; Cherokee Na-

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

551

[Kendall v. The United States,] tion v. Georgia, 5 Peters, 15, 21, 31, 51; Ex parte Crane, 5 Peters, 200.
If the case of Marbury v. Madison had been regarded by the circuit court as authoritative throughout, it would have supported the attorney general's opinion. The act sought to be enforced in Marbury v. Madison is plainly distinguished from the one now in. question. There, ah executive action had ceased, nothing official was to be done; and Mr. Madison was merely the holder of a paper to which the relator was entitled by his appointment , whether he received the commission or not. He was appointed *by the signing and sealing of the commission. "No other solemnity (say the court) is required by law; no 'other act is to be pcrformed or done on the part of the governnent. All that the executive can do to invest the person with his office is done." So that whether he got the commnis'sion or -not, he had the office without it.
There was a case, then, in which, as the Court understood it, (and whether correctly or not is immaterial,) there was no executive act to be done. " It respected a paper, which, according to. law is'upon recoi'd, and to a copy of which the law gives a right on the payment of ten cents." It is an act on which "individual rights' dependl." This is the description of the nature of the act which the Court say may be thub enforced. Certainly, nothing like this can be said of the act now sought to be enforced here.
But this is not all, The Court contrasts with this act they have thus described as fit to be enforced by mandamus, other acts, in relation to which it admits there can be no such proceeding. What are they? They will be,found a perfect description of the act now sought to be enforced. The Court say, page 166, "By the constitution of the United States, the Presidenf is invested with certain important political powers, &c.; to aid him in the performance of these dutie he is authorized to appoint certain officers, Who act by his authority, and in conformity with his orders. In such cases, their acts are his acts," &c. Here is a fair description of the act now sought to be enforced by the postmaster general. Among the important political povWers vested in the President, one of the most important is to see that the laws be faithfully executed;' and consequently this law that the postmaster general is now to be made to execute. That officer has been appointed by the President, to aid him in his duty of having the'laws faithfully executed, by executing those that belong to his department. His acts are therefore the President's acts. And

552

SUPREME COURT.

[Kendall v,The UnitedStates.] this act, (unlike the act to be enforced in Marbury v*.Madison,) is 'ne which falls within the political po'wers invested in the President. Againit: is said offhese acts which cannot be. enflrced, that "the subjects are political. They respect the nation, not individual rights,
and,-being intrusted to the executiv,*the decision of the executive is.conclusie," 166. Now the execution of a law of'cougress, in which the public is interested, is political; it respects the nation, not individual rights solely.
Here is a strong mark Of distinction between the act in this case, and the act to be enforced in .Marbury v. Madison. In this ease, an entry of a credit is to be made in the books of the nation against the nation. It, Of -course) respects the nation. In that case the act, the, delivering of the commission the officer being already appointed without, it, and .entitled. to his office without it, did 'not respect ,the nation, but the in lividual only. That this is the meaning of the Court; that, When they say "they respect the nation, pot indi vidual rigbts," they man not individuel rights solely, is obvious from another pasge in page 170. The Court say, "that it may be considered by some as an attempt to intrude into the cabinet, and to intermeddle with thie prerogatives of the executive. It is scarcel'y necessary'for the, Court to disclaim all pretensions to such a jurisdiction: An extravagance so excessive and absurd, could not have been entertained'for a moment. The province of the Court is, solely, to decide on-the rights of individuals; not to inquire how the executive. or executive officers perform duties' in which they haVe .a discretion.'
It seemed to himimpossible to. avoid seeing the likeness between the acN described'by-the Court, as those in which it could not iiiterfJre, and the act now s6ught to be enforcea in this case; and the unlikeness between the acts described by the Court as proper for the exercise'of the powet, and the-act now in question, and sought to 'be enforced against the postmaster general. If the liability to impeach,nent is considered, it seems clear that in relation to'any laws reipecting the public, (thotgh they may also,respect individual rights,) the President may be impeached for malexecutipn. Could the courts then assume the direction of the execution of 'such a law, and the President be still so liable?
Such cases would conic here. And yet the Chief 4ustice would preside on the trial of the impeacbment,:who would, have tried the question as to how the law should be executed here..

JANUARY TERM, 8S.
[Kendall v. 'The United tateg.]
A concluding remark as to this case may be 'made here; 'though applicable to the remaining question as to whether congress has given the circuit court this jurisdiction.
When was the jurisdiction, if ever, givenf? It is said, in 1 01, bfore'the. case of Marbury v., Madison. The circuit, court haA the jurisdiction then, if it'has if now; and this, Courtwasn ot un cquainted with its jurisdiction, nor were the learned and- experienced counsel of Marbury. It is asked, why, wheii ever3 question of law necessary for his success was settled hb; this Court, was not the application made there then? But, is it possible to believe that this Court would'then have discussed these questions, if it had believed the case could have been. taken before the Circuit court, so as, in, effect, to have tried for the circuit court, questions of which it could' not itself take cognizance?
He thought he' had now shown that the power in question wks executive power, n6t judicial; and that, by 'the constitution, it belongs to the prasident and could not be given by congreostp the courts.
Butif he had not succeeded in this, he thought he might at least insist, that,'as it was a power hitherto' exercised by the executive department, and notby the courts, and as he thought it must be a&mitted .to be more fit for the executive than the' judiciary, it ought not to be assumed by the courts as given by inference, by construing generil words in an act, as having, in the court's opinion, that meaning. A clear, distinct positive law, admitting of no reasonable doubt as to its meaning, ought to be the sole warrant for the exercise of such authority. He was sure there was no' such warrant here, no such, clear, plain grant of the power to the court; and for this he could appeal to the learned court below, and to the able and ingenious counsel' for the' relators;, one, or the other of whom, 'undoubtedly had failed to see it. For this case had been attended by this most remarkable circumstance: That the court, were invited to assume this jurisdiction 'by the relators" counsel, as appears in their printed arguinent (now before him) upon grounds, all of which the court: considered to be insufficient; forthey adopted none of them; and this could hardly have happened where the power was clearly given. And the court then assumed the jurisdiction upon a ground which did. not appear to'the opposite counsel, as of any account; for their argument contains not'a hint of it; and this, to6, could hardly
VOL. XIL-4 A

554

SUPREME COURT.

have

happened

[Kendallv, where the

The

United

Ptates.]

power

was clearly given. So that he had,

it in his pbwelto say (what he never remembered to have had it in

his power to say in any case before, and What seemed to him almost

to supersed6 the necessity of saying any thing else,) that the grounds upon which the jurisdiction was claimmed by the counsel, are insuffi-

cient,'according to the opinion of the court; and the ground upon which it is assumed by the court, insuffipient, according to the opi-

nion of the counsel. ,Surely he might say, in such a state of things, that this was a,

power not clearly given by a law; and not even clearly got by con-

struction.

In the printed argument for the relators, he observed that the fifth section of the act establishing this court is not 'once referred to, as giving the jurisdiction in question; the'third section is alone re-

lied on, as referring to the act of 13th February, 1801, considered, though'repealed as to the other circuits, as being 9till in force here.
The court, in its opinion, although this act of 13th Februar-y is re-
cognised as unrepealed here, say not a word signifying their taking the jurisdiction under any of its provisions; but rely exclusively'on the fifth -section-of the act :establishing the court. Yet, he admitted it was possible,'(though certainly in the highest degree improbable,) tahllatthteheretsreuaercghreosund of the jurisdiction assumed, might have escaped
of the counsel and. of the court, in the first instance;,
and only be discovered finally, when 'all other grounds appeared unavailable. He. would only -say that if this should prove to be successful, the relators were most fortunate litigafits.
They presented their claim to the remedy they sotight on one ground, (the thirdlsection of the act Iof 27th February, 1801, refering to the act of the 13th February,,1801.)' And, the court, having previously, decid'ed in United States y. Williams, that they could not assume any jurisdiction on that grouad, Mssume it on. andther, (the fifth section; and appear to pjace their decision on the difference between the terms. case and &uit.) This was being very'fortunate. But this was' not all.. The ground' on which the court, asshme it, viz, this difference between case and' suit,-is found to be opposed -by the Supreme Court, in 2 Peters'464; and Judge Story, 3 Coim. 507.
Ana then the relators' counsel light upon another ground for sustaining the jurisdiction asqumed, viz: the words "concurrent with

JANUARY TERM, 1'898.
(Kendail v. The Unitod'Stttei.]
the courts of the several states," which are, found ,n the eleventh section of the judiciary act; and r considered aslimitingthe jurisdiction of the other tcircuit courts, the"absence of which words from' the fifth section of the act of 21th February, 1801, are held to, invest. the circuit court of this district with the jurisdiction in question.
He should not think this ground required any particular examioation wasit not that it appeared now to be the only one on Which ,thisjurisdiction could be expected to stand.
Heshould proceed, therefore, 'to examine b0th the third and fifth sections, of the act of 27th February, I801,' establishing'the -circuit court of this district;:under one of Which it is incumbent for th relators to show the jurisdiction they haye invoked to be given..
It is settled by the cases of Wood v. M'Iotyre, 7 Cranch, 504, and M'Cluny v. Silliman, 6 Wheat. 598, and 1 Paine, 453, that this jurisdiction is 'not given to the othpr circuit courts by the eleventh section of the judiciary act. Therefore, it must be shown, that one or th other of these sections gives a broader jurisdicion to,the circuit court of this district, than is given by the judiciary act to the other circuit courts.
First, as to the third sectioni This gives to. the .court and .the judges thereof, here) the: same powers then v ested by law in 'the other' circuit, courts and, the judges thereof; an.d the argument is, that as the att of 13th February, 1801), (since repealed by. the act -of March 8th, 1802,) was then in force, all the jurisdiction then vested by. the act of 13th February, 1801', was vested in this. Court: and that as the act of March 8th, 1802, only repealed the act of 13th February, and not the act of 27th February,,1801; all the jurisdic. tion thus given by: that act to this court, was unaffected by .thp
repeal. It admits of several answers : First, This section sh~tld be expounded, according to the plain
intent of congress, to give the court and its judges here the 'same powers with the other circuit courts not at any. particular time,'but at all times.
Second. The act of-8th March, 1802, not only repeals the act-of 13th February, 1801, but re-enacts the judiciary act of '1789; and that re-enactment repeals all laws iniconsistent with the act of 1789, thus re-enacted; and consequently all such parts of. the act of 27th February, 1801, as gave, by reference to the.act of 13th February, powers differing from those givqn by the act of 1789.

SUPREME. COURT.
[Kendall v. The United States.] tut if this act was unaffected by the act of 8th March, 1802, the eqnstruction attempted to *begiven to this section, could not be sustained. We are referred by it to the act of 13th February, 1801, for the powers of the courts. Must we not look for that section in it which relates to the powers of the courts? We find such an one, and it refers us again to the act of 1789, So that the powers then vested by the act of 27th February, 1801, in this court, are the powers given by the act of 1789. And that act, it is conceded, has been settled as giving neither power nor jurisdiction to issue a mandamus in such a case. When, then, ,we are sent to the act of 13th February, for the powers of the court, and the judges, can we pass by the section that relates expressly to'that subject, and'go to the one that relates. to the jurisdiction'of the courts.- If there Was no section to be found in the act of 13th February relating to powers, there might be some little excuse for saying that you might go to the section providing the jurisdiction; but, as therd is a distinct section giving powers, you can, by no rule of construction, go to any other. And it is a fallacy to say powers and jurisdiction mean the same .thing; for if they might have such a meaning elsewhere, they can-
not 1here, 'in an act which contains a distinct section for -each. In each of those acts, that of 1789, that of 13th 'February, and of the 27th February, there are distinct sections; one giving powers, and the other jurisdiction. And if in this act, the third section; by giving powers gave also jurisdiction, as pretended, why should the fifth section give jurisdiction over again? Such a construction strikes the latter section out of the law.
And they do not mean the same thing; jurisdiction refers to the cases and persons over'wh9mn the court is to have cognizance; and powers,-to the means given to exercise' its jurisdiction. And this distict -and precise meaning, is manifestly that in which the -terms are -used in all these acts.
If such a construction could be sustained, and the circuit court in this 'district, by thus having the, powers given by the act of 13th February, could be considered as thus having the jurisdiction given by that act, and that jurisdiction was as extensive as is cbntended, how are we to account for its never having been exercised; for its being discoveted'only now, that this court has a jurisdiction denied to all theother courts?, NQ case has been brought here of its exercise; though hundreds of caseslike th6 present are now before con-

JANJARY 'TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v. The United States.]
gess, which the claimants have never imagined they could bring before this or any other court. And no instance of the exeicise .of any jurisdiction under this act of 13th February, can be shown in the circuit court. 'And on the contrary, the circuit court in December. term 1834, in the case of The United States v. Christina Williams, when this third section was brought before them, after argument in a deliberate written opinion, as we show in judge Cranch's notes of the case, disclaimed, expressly, all jurisdiction under it; saying: "this court talkes its powers under the third section, not its jurisdiction."
The court below, therefore, was right in rejecting this grotnd thus presented by the relators" counsel, for taking the jurisdiction; and in saying, as they do in their first opinion after the first argument, "the court takes itspowers by the third section, but its jurisdiction by the fifth."
2dly. It remains now to be seen, whether the court has been more fortunate in selecting the fifth section as'their grqund, and their only ground for assuming the jurisdiction.
Here, as it is admitted to be settled that the eleventh section of the judiciary act does not give this jurisdiction, it must be shown by our adversaries, that there is a difference between that section; ani'd the fifth of the act of the 27th February, §o that the jurisdiction denied by the one, is given by the other.
Comparing these two sections, omitting all immaterial terms, we find that by the eleventh section of. the judiciary act, the circuit courts of the United States are to take cognizance of all suits in law or in equity, "concurrent with 'the courts of the several states." 'And, by the fifth section of the act of 27th February, the circuit court of this district is to take cognizance of all cases in law and equity% As it is now not questioned, but that by 2 Peters, 464, and 3 StOry's Coin. 507, it is settled that there isno difference between the terms "case" and "suit;" the only remaining difference rests on the words, "concurrent with the courts of the several states," contained' in onb statute, and omitted in the other. And the jurisdiction isnow assumed by the court below, on the force of these words alone.
This obliges the court to mantain these two propositions: 1. That these words limit the jurisdiction of the circuit coutts, to such suits, or cases in law, or equity,-as the courts of the several. states then had cognizance of: and,

SUPREME COURT.
[Kenidall v. The United States.]
2d, That the courts of thie several states 'had no.jurisdiction of cases in law or equity-, arising ulnder the constitution and laws .ofthe United States; of which two propositions, the only. difficulty, is to say which is the most untenable. .1Trom them, however, they con, clude. that the United States' circuit courts have' no jurisdiction in eases of law-'and equity, arising under the constitution and laws of the U-nited States. And this; they think, must have been the ground upon which this Court, in the two cases 'referred to,-have denied the jurisdiction of'the circuit courts to issue- a mandainius to an executive officer. He would undertake to deny both the. premises fromwhich this conclusion, was drawn. Thaf this Cburt laid down no sueh preraises, and- drew no such conclusion;, wasobvious from the cases referred-to,.
1., Did congress mean, by these 'words, to confine the jurisdiction of the United States' circuit courts to'such cases of law and equity, as the courts of the several states then had cognizance of?
What is the language? They shall take cognizance of all cases in law or -equity, " cowcurrent 'vith the courts of the several states.' :And this means, it is said, that they shall take cognizance, not of all eases in law or equity, but of such only as the courts of the- several states then had cognizance.
This,was surely a strange mode of expressing such a meaning. The argument is,' that as, they were to take a jurisdiction concurrent with the state. courts, congress meant they should only take what the state courts then had; and that the positive words, that'they slall take cognizanceof "all. cases in law or equity," are to be controlled
by 'the inference' 'arising from 'the others. But, surely the court should have construed the law so as to give more effect to the express words, than to, the' inference; and say, they must take jurisdictionof "all eases in law or equity," (a jurisdiction which. congress could give,) by force of those &xpress'words; and the words "concurrent with the courts of the.several states," are to operate to show that congress meant not to give the jurisdiction exclusively (as they'could have done,) of'the state courts. ''It is clear, that if congress did. not mean this, but intended what the court below has sppposed, it would have been easy to have said, instead of ."all .cases," &c., "such cases," .&c., as. those state courts had cognizante of. The judiciary act shows in this, and several other sections, that congress did intend to give some portions of jurisdiction to the United States''coufts, exclusively of state courts, and other 'portidus concur-

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v. The United States.]
rently with the state courts; and the constitution has been always so, construed, as to admit the power and the propriety' of doing so by congress. 'This- is the interpretation of that part of the constitution given by General Hamilton, in the eighty-second letter of th6 Federalist; and by this Court, so also. in Cohen v. Virginia, 396, 397,419. Cited, Bank v. Devaux, 5 pranch, 85; 3, Story's Com'. 619,.620,' 621,.622; and Houstoh v. Moore, 5 Wheat. 27, 28; 3 WheaLt.221; 1 Kent, 539, 96, 97,342, 43) 319.
The language, therefore, used by congress does not admit of such a construction.
And if the act could be codstrued with this restriction of thg circuit courts to the jurisdiction of the :state courts; it may be asked, does it mean all of them;- and :infot, which? For we all know they greatly differed.
This law, it is known, was reported by a committee of congress, composed of eminent professional- mn, many of whom had assisted in torming the constitution, and one of whom was from each state. They, therefore, well kiew the great differetices of jurisdiction with which the different states had invested their tribunals: and if-the irttention was that the United States' courts should have the same jurisdiction that was given to the courts of the states where they were respectively held; then it would follow, that the federal courts would not have the same jurisdiction every where, but would differ with each other as the state courtsdid.
Congress cannot be supposed to have meant that: and it is' settled that they did not so' mean tlat their 'jurisdicti6ns every Where are the same. Livingston v. Story, 9 Peters) and the casca there cited; and Federalist, No. 82.
The Federalist,,No. 82, shows that 'all these _couits have in all the states the same legal and equitable jurisdiction, without any reference to, the varying jurisdictions of the state courts. The first proposition then, that the United States'- courts'took only the juris.' diction of the state courts cannot be shstained.
Not' is the court below sustained in their second propbsitiori, that the courts of the states have no jurisdiction of cases in law or equity, arising under the constitution and laws of the Un,ited States.
It would be most strange if it was so; for the constitution of the United .States, art. 6, see. 2, declares that" this constitution, and the laws of th'eUnited States-which shall be made in pursuance thereof,, and al treaties, &c., ehall be the suprerhe law of the Jand; and the

SUPREME COURT.
[Kendall v; The United States.]
judges'in every'state shall'be bound thereby,-any thing -in the constitution or laws of any state to the contrary,'notwitnstanding."
Now, if any state court, having, by the laWs-of the state, jurisdiction over'all cases of law and equity, should be applied to, to take jurisdiction in a case -of law or equity arising under the constitution or a law of the Uoited'States, which is binding on them as their supreme law, on what possible ground could they decline the jurisdiction? A case in law or equity may undoubtedly arise under this constitution, or a law of cohgress, or a treaty made 'inpu'rsuance, of its authority, as well as under any other law; and if so, all courts ,having jurisdiction in cases of law and equity, must entertain the case.
When a case is said. to arise under the constitution or a law of the United States, is settled in' Cohens v. Virginia, 6 Wheat. 378: and what are all the cases where the right of appeal is given by thejudiciary.act to this Court from the. state courts, but casesarising under the constitution and laws of the United States,?
Not a word from the Court, nor fromany writer upon the.constitution, or the jurisdiction of our courts, has been mentioned as giving any countenance to this new construction. They appear never to have entertained an.idea of, this limitation'upon the circuit courts. He' would refer to the 15th chapter, of Sergeant's Constitutional Law, 2d edition, 123; 3 Wheat. 221; 4 Wheat. 115: and the act of congress'of 26th of-May, 1824, establishing the courts of Florida, which recognises the circuit courts as having by the judiciary act jurisdiction of cases arising under the constitution and' laws of the United States. See American Ins. Co. v. Canter, 1 Peters, 511.
According to the.two propositions maintained by the court below, it would follow that cases' in law and equity, arising under the laws and constitution of the United States, could not be tried any where: for the Court say the state courts could'rot try them, and the United States' courts have onlythe same'jurisdiction, that is, no jurisdiction over such cases;
Neither of these propositions, therefore, can be sustained. And if they could,, still it would be necessary for the court below to show that this claim of the relators was a case in law or.equity."
What is a case in law or equity? "If B." says the Court's opinion,."a resident of this district is indebted to A. upon. a-prnmissory note, this Court has jurisdiction of the case." He apprehended something more was necessary than a note's be-

JANUARY TERM,-1838,
[Kendall v. The United States.]
ing due, betweeh such parties, to constitute a case at law or equity. Thist'ourt, in Osborn v. The Bank of the United States, 9 Wheat., 819, prescrine other requisites. " That power, the judiciary, is only capable ot acting where the subject. is submitted to it by a party, who asserts his rights in the f6rm ptescribed by law. It then becomes 'a,case:'" and Judge Story, in his Commentaries, vol, 3d; page 507, reter'ring to this case, says: " It is clear, that the judicial department is authorized to exercise jurisdiction, &c., Whenever any question shall assume such a orai that the judicial power is capable of acting on it. When it has assumed such a form it then becomes 'a case;' and then, and not till then, the-judicial power attaches to it. In other words,. a case'is a suit in law or equity, instituted according 'to the regular course of'judicial proceedings." So, 2 Peters, 449; 6 Peters, 405; '5Wheat. App. 16; 6 Binney, 5. So that before A can make a case in law or equity out of the promissory note'which B, owes him, he must submit it to the Court,' and assert his right, "in a form prescribed by law." And if he cannot find a law prescribing a form by which he is to assert his. rigl4t, he -canvot have a case in law or equity.
No aoubt A. can find such -a law, and therefore, he may have a case. But where do the relators find any law prescribing a form, by which they may require an executive officer to be compelled to discharge a duty devolved on him by law? If it be said by a mandamus, under the 14th section of the-judiciary law, as a writ necessary to enable the Court to exercise Its jurisdiction; it is answered by'M'Cluny v, Sillimian..
Congress has not prescribed a form by which partiesy who have rights to have bfficial acts, in; which they are interested, performed by the public officers on whom "the laws'have devolved'such duties," may'turn these rightg into cases at law or equity between them and the officers, and submit them as pontroversies to the courts.
Judge Story says, 3 Com. 541: " Congress have never yet acted )upon the subject, so as to give judicial redress for any non-fulfilment of contracts by the national government. Cases of the most cruel hardship and intolerable delay, have already Occurred;" &c.
Again. "He is- disposed to think that some mode ought to be 'provided, by which a pecuniary right against a state or against the United States might be ascertained, and established by the judicial sentence of some court; and when so ascertained and established,
VOL. XII.4 B

SUPREME COURT.
[Kendall v. The United States.] the payment might be enforced from the national treasury by an absolute 'appropriation."
Can it he possible that the learned judge was mistaken in all these views? That these cases of'hardship and delay need not have occurred?. That adequate remedies in the courts, or at least in this circuit cOurt are to be found, where they wilt be recognised as cases in law or equity? That the inability to sue the government, is to be obviated by enforcing execution without suit against the officer, and calling this pocess of execution a suit?
The section of the'judiciary act which gave to this Court the authority to issue writs of mandamus, shows that congress did not consider claims calling for that remedy as cases in law or equity; and further shows, that congress meant to give that sort of jurisdiction only to'this high tribunal, and not to the inferior courts.
Much is said in the opinion qf the court belo% as'to the distinction between the m-inisterial and discretionary acts of the executive. officers. He did not admit that this was a true test of 'the jurisdiction by mandamus. In Curtis.v. The Turnpike Co., in 6. Cranch, 235, the,act to be done by the clerk was merely ministerial; and this Court thought that as there was no act giving the circuit court jurisdiction over the act, it had no power to control him. Why, if the court could not control its own clerk in a ministerial act, could it control, in a similar act, the head of another department?
But can the act sought to be enforced, be considered a merely ministerial act? If compared with the illustrations given in Marbury v. Madison, it would seem not. Griffith v. Cochran, 5 Bin. 87, decides that where an officer has to examine a contract, and be guided by that'and a law in reference to it, (similar to which are the duties of the officer here,) it cannot be held as a mere ministerial act; and is not to be enforced by a mandamus. The same case, as also judge Winchester's opinion, in the American Law Journal before referred to, shows that if the act is to be followed by taking money out of the treasury, it cannot be enforced by mandamus. Judge Tilghman remarks, "we have no right to do that indirectly by mandamus, which we have no power to do directly; and we might as well be called on to issue a mandamus to the state treasurer to pay every debt which is claimed by an individual from the state'," page 105.
It has been said that injunctions have been allowed by the circuit court, addressed to the treasury officers.

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

563

[Kendall v. The. United States.] This has only been done in cases where the funds enjoined (as in the .claims under, the French treaty) were not the public funds, but moneys held by the, officers, in trust for the claimants. The circuit court has always put its right to interfere exclusively on this ground; and the government, in the time of Mr. Gallatin and ever since, has denied as to the public money, anypower of the judiciary so to interfere. An opinion of: Mr. Wirt, when attorney general, expressly denies such power' to 'the courts. And the court below held, some years ago, the same opinion. In *the case of Vasse v. Coniegys, MS.,34, they saiol; "the fund is in the treasury of the United States. Can this be said to be within the jurisdiction of this court? The officers of'the United States, holding public money as money of the United States, are not accountable to any body but the, United States; and, are not liable to a suit of an individual on aec 6unt of having such money in their hands." It does not seem easy to reconcile this-with -the Jurisdiction now assumed. There remains another objection to the mandamus. There was, by action against the officer, another 'specific remedy. 3 Burr, 1266; 1 Term Rep. 296; 21 Bin. 361; 2 Leiglh, 168; 2 Cowen, 444; 1 Wend. 325. Ifi Marbury v. Malison the principle 'of these cases is recognised; and it is said, if an action of detinue would lie, the mandamus "would be improper." And this is again sanctioned by what is said in the conclusion of this Court's opinion, in M'Cluny v. Silliman. Yet the court below have oyerruled all these cases-' theiir own decision in United States v. The Bank of Alexandria; and say, that the officer's being posibly unable to pay the damages that might be recovered in "an ction, prevents his liability to an action from being sudh a remedy as should forbid the mandamus. As there can be no action that isnot subject to such a contingency; it follows, contrary to all these cases, that\a mandamus is allowable, although the officer is also subject to an action. If what has been said, sWould make it even only doubtful whether the court below has the jurisdiction, Judge Iredell in,2 Dall. 413, and Judge Baldwin in Ex parte Crane, 5 Peters, 223,'would show, in Arery strong language, the impropriety and danger of assuming a jurisdiction which has slept ever since it was given, till the present
occasion.

SUPREME COURT..
[Kendall v. The United States.] Coxe, for the defendants in error: The facts and history of this case, as disclosed in'the record, are peculiar. The questions which it presents are of the highest interest, as well as importance. It involves a large amount of property which the relators believe belongs to them, by as perfect a right as that by which any property can be held; and which has been unjustly and illegally withheld from their possession. It involves the examination of the proceedings of a high functionary, under the blighting influence of xhich a vast amount of personal suffering has been endurea; and which has 'already brought to a premature grave, one of the parties on the record. It involves general questions as to the rights of the citizen, in his pecuniary transactions with the government, between .whomand himself contract stipulations subsist. It involves a consideration of high and heretofore unknown powers, claimed as belonging to public officers, in withholding their action in cases where specific duties are imposed on them by positive statute; and of immunities' asserted in regard to them, when private rights are violated, and the injunctions of the law disregarded. It involves a consideration.of the extent of legislative power; and of the means by which that authority may be enforced. It involves the nature, character and extent of judicial power, under our institutions; and indeed, whether the judiciary be, or not, a co-ordinate and independent department-of the government. It involves the true interpretation of some of the most important clauses in the constitution; the essential principles of all free governments,' and especially of our own peculiar institutions. Nor are these matters, thus forced upon our consideration, limited either in their application to the individuals who are parties on this record, to the particular territory under whosm local jurisdiction this case has arisen, or to the particular period in our history which 'is now passing. They embrace every citizen of this vast republic; they are co-extensive with our geographical limits; they will retain all their interest and all their importance, so long as our fabric of government shall live,, and our constitution continue in existence. A brief 'eview of the history of. this case is essential to a correct presentation of the proper subjects to be discussed. It originated in an illegal' act of the present postmaster general; who undertook to reverse the acts of his predecessor in office; to annul contracts which he had made; to withdraw credits he had given; to recharge moneys which he had paid. This proceeding has been declared by

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

565

[Kendall v. The United States.]
this Court to be illegal, and beyond his authority U. States v. Fillebrown, 7 Peters, 46.
Congress' on the memorial of the relators, referred the adjustmertt of their claims to the solicitor of the treasury, and made' the award of that functionary conclusive. 'He made his award: the 'postmaster general assumed the right to reverse the decision; and to set at defiance the act 'of congress, which imposed upon him the_ plain duty of. executing it. The attorny general,. called upon for his official opinion on the question in which' the postmaster represented the solicitor as having misconstrued the act of congress, aid tbereby transcended his authority, concurred, with the solicitor in. his interpretation of the law; and his opiilion is treated .with worse than contempt. The judiciary committee of the senate, .fter-full consideration; and. the senate, by an unanimous vote; ratify and, sanction the action of the solicitor; yet this insubordinate inferior still hangs out the flag of defiance. The judiciary .interpose; *their mandate is disregarded, and language highly menacing in its character employed; in the intelligible intimation, that their process may be -stricken dead, in the hands.of the marshal, by dismissing him from-office, for the simple reason that he has performed, or is about ', perform, his positive duty.
Throughout therefore,.it appears, that tbis fynctionaryhas arrayed 'himself -in an attitude of hostility against all the, authorities of th4 government, with which he. has been brought in contact; And the official interference by the district attorneyand attorney generallin this proceeding, conveyed the first information that he was sustained in any partof his course by any official influence.
Another. singular feature io. the case is, that the allegations. made by the relators are substantially admitted to be true. The validity of the original contracts under which the services were rendered, is not denied.; the extent and value of those services, is not controverted;, the -construction of the, act of congress, is not qiestioned; the obligation to pay the money, is not put in issue. The postmaster general concedes all these points; but plants himself on the single ground,. that however clear may be our rights, however just may be the debt, however precise the injunctions of the act of congress, the law cannot reach, him: that the claimants still have no other remedy than such as he .may graciously please to extend,,or than may be found in the power of the executive to remove him from office. He insists, that notwithstanding the act of congress for their relief, and

566

SUPREME COURT.

[Kendall v. The United, StMes.]
the award mane by thesolicitor, the parties 'stand, precisely as,they did before they went to congress. Substantially, thisCourt is asked, by the plaintiff in-error, to expunge the, act of congress frbm the statute book; and' tottreat the proceedings of the'solicitor as a nullity. Independently of.them, 'we had the sane remedies which it is contended we now h v we might then have supplicated the postmaster general to dd as justice; wp might then haveinvoked the power of the ,execittive,to see that the fhw should be faithfully executed.
The ques inn is thus breught within a' narrow scope. Isthere any power in the judiciary ofI our country to reach such a case of, adknowledged wrong; and to enforce again'st this party the performance of an unquestionajle duty,?
In discussing this.case, it Will be attempted to maintain the followingpropositions; which 'will be found to comprehend every thing essential tobring us to-a correct conclusion:
-J. That. upon, the general, principles of the law governing' this particular form of proceeding, 'and in tle absenci of any objections derived from the' pro~isions of the constitution or-acts of congrpss, this is a proper case for x2mandamus.
"2. That the oonstitution does authorize congess' to vest in the courts of the United States,, power to 'commandthe officer to whom, the writ was directed" to perform, the act which 'he was required to perform.
3.That congress has, "in fact, exercised ,this authority, by con-
ferring. on the -circuit court of this district. power.t6 award the mandamus, in the present case.
Before proceeding to discuss these propositions,, it may not be irrelevantto' remnark., generally, that the return of the postmaster general, in this case, is defective in all the essential requisites of a good plea. No one fact is averred in such a form as to admit of being traversed, or to' sustain an action for a false. return. .The 'return'to a mandamus should be as precis ,inits averments as any .form of plea, or even an indictment. 10 Wend'. 25..
1. 'Isthe remedy b mandamus the. appropriate remedy in ,the' present case?
The relators havea clear, precise right, absolute and unconditional, secured by an act of congress; and this right i's withheld by an oflicerespecially charged by-law with the performan6e of an act essential, to that right. ' Is there any other specific, adequate, appropriate

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
.Kendall v. The United States.] legal remedy? It none, then upon the principls which govern this form of proceeding, a mandamus will lie.
It has been argued -that such other remedy exists: 1. By personal pction against the delin~quent oficer. 2. By indictment, if he has violated the law. 3. By petition to the executive, whose business it is to see the laws faithfully executed; and who can exercise in case of recusancy, his constitutional function of dismissing the party from office.
Neither of these furnishes such a remedy as the law regards. Neither of them puts the party in possession of the right which is withheld. If a civil suit be instituted, it must be a special acti6n on the case, in which damages may be recovered to the extent of the injury actually sustained by withholding the right; but after the recovery, the right to the specific thing remains perfect and unimpaired. This tight is not extinguished by such recovery; and as long as it is withheld, the party may continue to institute new suits, and recover fresh damages. In an indictment, the public wrong only is punished; the private injury is unnoticed. The fine goes into the public treasury; the imprisonment of the delinquent leaves the private right unaffected. 2 Binney, 275; 4 Barnw. & Ald. 360; 6 Bingh. 668; 10 Wend. 246.
We are, however, told, that the peculiarly appropriate remedy provided for the citizen in such a case, is to petition the executive to command the performance of the act; and if his command is disobeyed, to removehe insubordinate officer from his office?
Is this in the language or spirit of the law, a specific, adequate, and appropriate legal remedy ? A petition, which is addressed to the -graceof the executive; which may be disregarded and put in the fire, at the pleasure of the functionary to whom it is addressed; which, if granted, will not secure redress of the wrong, but at the utmost only punish the wrong-doer.
This doctrine, that an American citizen whose rights bave been violated by a public functionary; whose property is withheld in opposition to the clear requisitions of a positive statute, has no remedy but by petition to the executive; is a monstrous heresy, slavish in the extreme. It has no ground of support in, the language of the constitution, or the spirit of our instittions. The annunciation of such a doctrine ifh England, was made, more than a century since, the basis of one of the articles of impeachment exhibited against lord Somers: 14th article of impeachment, 14 Howell's State Trials.

568

SUPREME COURT.

[Kendall v. The United States.]
These are not, however, the grounds upon which the plaintiff in error himself rests. He -denies that the ,mandamus is the appropriate remedy: 1. Because he has a discretion -under the law; and where the officer has a discretion, no mandamus lies. 2. Because the writ can only issue, in cases'in which it is necessary; .not as a means of obtaining jurisdictiofn over a case, but as a means of exercising a jurisdiction already vested.
In any' sense in which the doctrine advanced in the first objection can be made applicable to the case at bar, the position assum6d is.unfounded. In the general language in which it is expressed, it is denied.
It does not follow from the fact, that a discretion is vested in an officer, that therefore no mandamus, will lie. If a statute empower an officer or an individual to do a particular act, but leaves it'exclusively to his discretion whether to perform it or not, no mandamus will he to compel its performance. " ,"however, he is directed to
do an act, but he has a discretion to perform it in either of two ways, a mandamus,will lie to compel him to exercise his discretion; and having..done that, to perform the duty in the mode'which he :had selected. If, for instance, tme act of cbi'gress for the relief of the relitors, had directed the postmaster "general to pay them the full amoiint awarded in gold or in silver, at his discretion; a mandamus would lie to compel him to determine in which metal he would pay: and having decided that to enforce the actual payment. -Such is the. ,doctrine of'all: theeases. 5 Wend. 122, 144; 10 Wend. 289,; 13 Picker. 225; 3 Dall. 42; 1 Paine, 453. In order to' bring himself within the correct principle of the law upon this subject, the postmaster general must show that under the act of congress he was auiaslrized to give the credit claimed, or to withhold it at his pleasure..
His argument is, that because he must examine the provisions of the law, and the award of, the solicitor, and compare them together to see whether. the latter is within the power delegated by the former; he must exercise judgment, and conseqttently possesses a discretn. Because some preliminary examination- may be necessary in order to ascertain' the precise duty which is enjoined; does the obligation to perform it, When ascertained, become less imperative? If in order-to know, distinctly, what is his duty, it be necessary to examine one statute or fifty, one Section or many, the'simple statute, or, in onnexion with that, an aiward made under it; is wholly imma-

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v. The United Staies.l
terial, a sheriff has the same discretion in the service of all process; yet his act is purely ministerial,.and fie may be enforced to execute the Writ placed in his hands.
2. A mandamus can be issued only as a means of exercising a jurisdiction already vested; not for the purpose of obtaining jurisdictiohi. The argumentupon this! point is so singularly deficient in precision, that it is somewhat difficult to determine its exact scope.
He says the circuit court has no original jurisdiction to adjtdicate upon claims of contracts upon his department. From this proposition he deduces the inference, that all the jurisdiction which can be exercised must be of an appellate character. Then, from the fact that the act of congress makes the award final and conclusiv¢e, with no 'power of revisal or reversal vested any where, he reaches the conclusion that the court possesses no appellate jurisdiction.
The jurisdiction which has been exercised is not of that original kind which is thus denied to exist; for no action has been instituted against the department, for the purpose of adjusting the claims of the contractors: the existence.and extent of those claims had been already determined by the special tribunal to which the power was
confided. No attempt has been made to subject that decision to the review
of the circuit court, so as either to reverse or change it. The appellate power, therefore, which he denies, has never ,.een claimed by or forthe court; such high power has been claimed and exercised by himself alone. The eircuit court assumes the conclusive character of the award: the object of this proceeding is to enforce, not to annul; to execute, not to reverse.
The result then of this inquiry is, that the case is one in Which the remedy by mandamus is the appropriate remedy, according to the general principles of law. governing that writ. 1 Cranch, 163, 167, 168, 169; 5 Bac. Abr. (new Loud. edition,) 261; 2 Brock. 11. Further illustration of this position will be found in the subsequent
parts of the-argument.
3. Unless, then, some constitutional objections fatal to our claim can be presented, or some deficiency in the provisions of the law'to meet the case exist, the circuit court has not erred in awarding the mandamus. It is, however, objected, that under the constitution no such power can be vested in the judiciary.
This objection, as presented in the return, is, with characteristic modesty, put forth in the shape of a doubt. " It is doubted whether
VoL. XII.-4 C

SUPREME COURT.
[Kendall v. The United States.]
under the constitution of the United States, it confers on the judiciary department of the government authority to control the executive departmefit in the exercise of its functions, of whatever character."
It appears to be assumed in the objection, as thus, presented, that the jurisdiction claimed on behalf of the judiciary, is a power of control over the executive department. Much of the argument employed in this case has been directed against the mere figments of the imagination of this high functionary.
The mutual independence of the three great departments of the government is assumed throughout our entire argument. That each is to act in the performance of its appropriate'functions, uncontrolled by either of the others; that each possesses all the powers necessary to the full and complete exercise of its own authority; if denied in any part of this case, is denied only by the postmaster general, and by his counsel.
The language of the constitution in describing the extent of the judicial power is large and comprehensive. Art. 3. sec. 2. It comprehends all cases in law or equity, arising under-the constitution and Iaws of the United States. No limitation is expressed,,no exceptionmade in favour of any description of case; any character of party; or any occupant of office. No individual is in terms exempted from this jurisdiction, in consequence either of the office he may hold, or the character of his act. The judicial power embraces all the cases enumerated in the 3d article of the co'nstitution. 1 Bald.',545. A case aff&cting the postmaster general, or the President, is still a case under the constitution. Cohens v. Virginia, 6 Wheat. 379.
It must be obvious,,that the question immediately under discussion, involves rather an inquiry into the extent of legislative than of judicial authority. It is not what has congress designed to do; but, under the constitution, what may it do.
The postmaster general, and the department of which he is the head, are the creatures of legislative power. Art. 1. s. 8. i. 7, of the constitution, confers upon congress the power to establish post offices and post roads. All the legislation of congress upon the subject is under this clause. All offices of the United States, except in cases where the constitution otherwise provides, must be established by congress. 2 Brockenb. 101.
If congress may, thev, cieate the office, prescribethe doties of the officer, determine what he may do, and prohibit him frofi doing

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v. The United States.] other things; may not the same power constitutionally declare to whom he shall be responsible, and confer authoi°ty where it pleases to enforce such responsibility?
Such has been the uniform action of congress,, and its validity has never yet been questioned., The act of September 22, 1789, 2.L.U. S. '53, s. 1, which erected the department, provides that the postmaster general shall be subject to the direction of the President in performing the duties of his. office. The act of Feb. 2, 183t. :newly organizing the department, and places the district attorneys, in relation to certain duties, under the control: of the postmaster general. By the act of Febrbary 20, 1792, 2 L. U. S.245, s. 4, the postmaster general is to render his accounts to the secretary of the treasury; and to this extent is subject to the authority of that functionary. By the 24th section of the same act, he is made responsible for certain omissions, and certain moneys are recoverable from him. By the very, terms of the law he is made amenable to the jurisdiction of courts.
Are these provisions, one and all, unconstitutional? If not, how can the eonstitutibnal power of the' same legislature to invest its courts with authority to direct the officer to act, as well as to punish him for not acting, be denied?
The argument of the postmaster general, dind of the attorney general, assumes that the post office department is an essential part 6f the executive department of the government;. and from this position infers the want' of the jurisdiction claimed. The assumption has been shown to be inaccurate: but even if true, it is not easy to perceive the connection between the premises and the conclusion.
We are referred to the debates in the convention, to show the anxiety of that body to preserve separate and distinct the three great departments. I will, in return, refer to the 47th and to the succeeding numbers of the Federalist, for a correct exposition of this maxinA of political philosophy, and its practical adoption in our constitution.
Starting from this basis, the constitution is appealed to; and by the aid of some interpolation and some extravagant interpretation, we are told substantially, if not in terms:
1. That the clause in the constitution which provides that the executive power shall be vested in the President, actually confers upon him all that power which, in any age of the world and under' any form of government, has been vested in the chief executive functionary; whether king or czar, emperor or dictator.
2. That the clause which imposes; 'upon the executive the duty of

572

SUPREME COURT.

[Kendall v. The United States.]'
seeing that the laws are faithfully executed, contains another large grant of power.
3. That, as a'means to the performance of this duty, he is invested
with the power of appointnent to'and removal from office 4. That the power of appointment 'iemoval carries with, it the
power to direct, instruct, and control every officer over whom it may b kxercised,.as to the manner in which he shall perform the duties of his office.
My observations upon these, points shall be few, and brief. The first proposition was; perhaps, for the first time distinctly advanced by General Harmilttcn,.in his Letters of Pacificus, No. 1, p. 535. A great and revered authority, but subject to occasional error. It was fully answered by Mr. Madison in, the Letters of Helvidius, p. 594, &c., and has since remained dormant. .The second is pow for the first timebbroadly asserted. Its dangerous tendencies-its hos,ility to every principle of our institutions, cannot be exaggerated. 'The true signification of this part pf the constitution, I take to be simply this, tat the President is authorized' to employ those powers which are expressly entrusted to him to execute those laws which he is empoWered to administer; or, in the language of the late Chief Justice, he is at liberty to employ any means which the constitution and laws place under his control. 2 Brockenb. 10. .The third proposition is a palpable and unwarrantable interpolation of the constitution. The fourth, if the power claimed is derived from the power of appointment, would makb the judges dependent upon executive diktation; if 'from that power and -that of removal, eonj6intly, would make it the true theory of theEnglish constitution, that the king-, might instruct, direct, and control the lord chancellor in the performance of his judicial duties. It Would make him the keeper of the chancellor's conscience. The right to command, direct and control, involves the correlative duty of obedience. No officer can be criminally or civilly punished for obedience to the lawful command of a superior, which he is bound to obey. This doctrine, then, asserts the entire irresponsibility of all officers, except to this one superior. One of the practical inferences from these premises is, that the judiciary departmeft cannot execute its own judgments; a proposition distinctly avowed by'the postmaster general in his, return, p. 1278.q9, and asserted, in terns equally distinct, by the attorney geneial,. in p. 152.

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v. The United States.]
,The attorney general presses this argumnient still further, and, froni the absolute inability of the courts to execute their judgment in ihe case of a peremptory mandamus, without the consent of the executive department," considers the inference as clear, that no court.has the capacity "to issue such.a writ." How obvious is the inference, if this be correct, that the courts can issue no process, and exercise no jurisdiction of any description. If this process, to use the expression of the postmaster general, may be "struck dead" in the hands of the marshal, by dismissing him from office; may not every capias, and. summons, and subpcena, and attachment? The law, however, has provided, that in case of regnoval from office the marshal may, nevertheless, proceed to execute the process then in his hanIds.
While adverting in this argument, to questions rather of -Political than of legal science, it is somewhat surprising that these learned gentlemen have overlooked one peculiarly important in the consideration of this subject. A maxim fully embodied in our institutions, recognised by every commentator on the con titution, whether judicial or political. This Court has, upon more than one occasion, laid down the position, that the judicial power of every well organized government must be co-extensive with the legislative and executive authority. Cohens v. Virginia, 6 Wheat. 354, 382, 384; Osborn v. Bank of United States, 9 Wheat. 818.
The true and sound constitutional doctrine upon this subject is, that Whenever the legislature may constitutionally create an office, and prescribe its duties and its powers; they may make the incumbent responsible to tlie judiciaryfo the faithful performance of those
duties. When the legislature may rightfully conimarid an act to be done
by a publicofficer, they may confer upon the judiciary the power. to enforce its performance, or to pur.ish its omission. In fact, the judicial power is never exercised except for the purpose of giving effect to the will of the legislature. 9 Wheat. 866.
Jf,,then, there.be any limitation to, or any exception from this general rule, or the coffnprehensive language of the constitution in conferring the judicial power, let it be shown in the instrument itself. Such is the doctrine of this Court in Cohens v. Virginia,.6 Wheat. 378; and in Rhode Island v. Massachusetts, at this term. If there be any exception embracing this party, excluding him from the jurisdiction of the court, let it be shown. If he is entitled to any exemption, let him exhibit his right.

SUPREME COURT.
LKendall v. The, United States.] In examining the .constitution for any such exemption, we are naturally led to that part of this instrument which defines and prescribes the extent of the judicial power, and to that which creates the executive department. In neither can it be discovered. On the cpntrary, the constitution, at least by powerful implicatioh, recognises the executive officers as subject personally to the judicial power. So far as the ground upon which this exemption is claimed has been presented, it seems to be derived from the official character of the partr called. -upon to perform the auty enjoined, and from the character of the -act which he is required to execute. 1This is not, however, to be found in any provision of the constitution, or in the genius of our government. That executive officers, as such, are amenable to courts of justice for their official acts, would almost seem too plain for. argument. Such has ever been the law in Efigland. In that country, exeniption from legal process is confined exclusively tothe monarch, and certain portions of the royal family. Yet anciently, when' writs were in general mandatory to the party, the kingmight be sued as a private, party, the form being Pracipe Henrico, Pxegi Anglim. 5 Bac: Abr. 571; Gwil. Edit. Prerog. E. 7; 43 E. 3.2 . To the extent to which it existed, in England al any time, it was a privilege, part of the royal prerogative, purely personal and incommunicable. Another branch of the same prerogative existed, under which the king granted writs of protection to such of his swbjects as ,he might have occasion to employ in the public service,- exempting them from arrest Com. Dig.' Prerog. D,.78, 79, 80, 81, 82. This was personal and temporary. With these eAceptJons, wholly inapplicable to the present times and to our institutions, no such principles as the postmaster general invokes ever existed in England; and since the revolution in 1688, it is believed no writ of protection has been issued.' Frequently, before, and uniformly since that great event in English history, jurisdiction "has been exercised by the various courts of England over the highest dignitaries of the realm, in relation to their official acts, through the instrumentality of such writs as were adapted to the particular cases that occurred, without distinction. Offices are forfeitable for malfeasance, an for nonfeasance; and. this forfeiture enforced by a criminal pros tion. In 2 Salk. 625, will be found' a short note of lord BellamOpt's case, who was prose-

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v, The United States.]
cuted for an official act as governor of the the'n province of New York. In Mostyn v. Fabrigas, Cowp. 161, 11 Harg. St. Tr. 162, Lord Mansfield held, that an action might be sustained by a nativ6 of Minorca; emphatically, as he says, against the governor of that island for an act of official misconduct. In this country, such cases are numerous. Hoyt v. Geiston is familiar to this Court. Livingston v. Jefferson, was a ease in which the defendant was sued for an act done by him as President of the United States. 1 Brock. 203. The recent cases of Tracy v. Swartwout, 10 Peters, 80, and Elliott v. Swartwout, 10 Peters, 137, are also cases of this description.
Such jurisdiction is in terms recognised by the constitution in the clause relating to impeachment, and is distinctly admitted in various acts of congress. It is not necessary here to advert to more than one or two instances. The post-office act of 1792 has been already cited; but the act of Feb. 4, 1815, (4 L. U. S. 786,) in some of its provisions, recognises the amenability of the public officers of the United States, whether civil or military, to the judicial tribunals, even of the states, for their official acts.
To a certain e tent, this responsibility, is conceded in the return on'record, p. 151. This concession is a virtual surrender of the entire case; unless the postmaster general, while acknowledging his general responsibility, shall insist upon and sustain a special exemption from this particular process. He admits that the court possesses the power to punish him if he does wrong,, but denies that they can compel him to do right. A capias will lie notwithstanding his high office: this power may be constitutionally vested in the courts. A habeas corpus will lie, if a citizen is wrongfully imprisoned by the highest dignitary; and an action be sustained for the illegal arrest. Damages may be recovered for an illegal act, or an injunction issue to restrain it. This particular remedy by injunction is given by express statute,,in certain cases in which the United States is a party. Act of May 15, 1830;. 3 Story, 1791 : and its validity recognised by this Court in United States v. Nourse, 6 Peters, 470; and impliedly in Cathcart v. Robinson, 5 'Peters, 264; in Armstrong v. United States, 1 Peters' C. C. R. 46; 9 Wheat, 842, 843, 145; 1 Baldw. 214, 215.
If all 'or either of these writs may issue, why not a mandamus? So far as authority goes, we have the legislative opinion on the question in the judiciary act of 1789, expressly conferring this power upon this Court; and the force of this.authority is not weakened by the circumstance that the unconstitutionality of that provision was

576

SUPREME COURT.

[Kendall v. the United States.]
subsequently decided. Marbury v. Madison, 1 Cranch, 137, contains the deliberate opinion of this Court on the very point; and although the authority of that decision has been questioned by Mr. Jefferson, in his private correspondence; yet before a legal tribunal little *eight can or ought to be attached to his opinion.
The full authority of that case has been recogni-sed by all the dis-
tinguished commentators; by Dane, Story, and Kent; by this Court, in M'Intire v. Wood, 7 Cranch, 504; M'Cluny v. Silliman, 6 Wheat. 598; and in Ex parte Crane, 5 -Peters 190. In no-one judicial decision; in the elementary treatise of no jurist; is the authority Qf that case upon' this point impugned or questioned.,
But the attorney general supposes that this process is applicable
only to inferior magistrates; that. it grows out of a general supervisory jurisdiction; and he finds no instance in England of its being di, rected to any officer of the executive department. The circuit court, in its opinion, while partially falling into the same error of fact, yet 'distinctly avoids the erroneous inference of the attorney general.
This is, however, a clear mistake; and it is matter of great arid just surprise, that it should have been committed. It would not, however, be very material if no direct precedent could be produced; for to employ the language used in 10 Mod. 49, 54, if there be no pricedent in which the writ has bden issued in such a case, it is because no such cas9 has ever before been presented to a judicial tribunal, and no precedent can be found'ip which it has been denied. 'But the precedent and authorities in fat'our of this, and analogous proceedings, are numerous, both in ancient and modern days.
Neville's case, Plowd. 82, was; in all its essential features a mandamus to the officers of the exchequer, commanding them to pay' a certain sum of money out of the royal treasure. Wroth's case, Plowd. 458, was another ease. of the same character. The validity. of such .writ is expressly recognised in F. N. B., Hale's edit. 121, F. Writs of mandamus ancienily lay to the escheator, 5 Bac. Abr. 258; Dyer, 209, 248. The whole proceeding in enforcing payment of debts due by the sovereign-to the subject) is exhibited in the Banker's case, 14 How. St. TA1; which is one of themost remarkable'and interesting cases, as well judicially as politically, to be found in English history. In Vernon v. Blackerly, Barnard, 377,'399, it was' considered by the cancellor as the proper remedy. In Rankin v. Huskisson, in 1830, 4 Simon, 13; and in Ellis v. Lord Grey, in 1833, 6 Simon, 214; the analogous process of injunction was award-

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall. v.,Th6 United States.]
ed to the highest public functioxiaries 'in Great Britain, commanding them -to do' what the plaintiff in error contends, 'no -court can do. And iii TheKing v. The Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, in 1835, the whole court of king's bench concurring, a mandamus was aiwarded to those high officers, commanding them to do what this party is required to do.
Is the American citizen less favoured by law than a *itish subject? Are the officers of ihis g 6 vernment clothed With loftier powers, and do they. possess 'higher attributes than thqse with which the prime minister of the British crown, and his immediate associateA
are invested. Is there any'thing in the character of'ourinstituions which can
create a difference? Such is not the doctrine in the great state of New York; 0 Wendall,'26, in the case of a mandamus to'the canal 'commissioners, charged with the interest and management of the great works of internal improdier ent. In Pennsylvanix, the 'same law prevails, 2 Watts,. 517: in, Kentucky; Craig v. Register of the Land Office, 1 Bibb. 310; Hardin v..Register, &c.,i ° Lit. Sel.'Ca., 28; Commonwealth v. Clark, 1 Bibb. 531; -Divine v. Harvey, 7. Monroe, 443: In Ohio, Ex partec.Fenuer, 5 Ham. 542; an4d,,6: Ohio Rep. 447; , and the only case cited as. contravening' oui', goundf 1 Cooke, 214, is a decisive authority to.show that such also is'the law of'Tennessee.
But,'after the extensive and recent precedents. set b' this Courtis it possible further to question the constitutional power of. eorgress over this subject? What are the cases of U. States v. Arredondo, 6 Peters, 763; U. States '*. Huertas, 9 Peters, 172, 73;' Mitchel v. tT. States, 9 Peters; 762; Soulard v. U. States, 10 Peters, 105; U. States v. Seton, 10 Peters, 311 ; Mackey v. U. 'Stateg,_ 10 Peters, -42; Sib-; bald v. U. States, 10 Peters, '313? Each and every of'these eake recognises the authority of the judiciary, under an act of. congresS, to issue its mandate to aLministeriaf officer commandiiig the performance of a ministerial act.
3. The only remaining question for discussion is, has eornress, in this particular instance, authorized the issuing of this writ, and eier, cised its' constitutional power?
To determine this question, reference must be'had to the: law organizing the circuit court of this district. The act of 27th February,
' 1801, Davis's' Laws, 123, contains three sections bearing upon this. point.6f inquiry. The firist'section provides, that the' laws of the
VOL. XI,--4 D

SUPREME COURT.
[Kendall v. The. United States.] state of Maryland, as they now exist, shall be and continue in force, in that part of the said district which was ceded by that state to the United States, and by 'them accepted. The third section provides, that there shall be a court, which shall be called the circuit. court, &c. And the said court, and the judges thereof, shall have all the powers bylaw vested in the circuit courts, and the judges of the circuit courts of the United States. The fifth section provides that said court shall have cognizance of all cases inlaw or equity between parties, both or either of which shall be resident, or be found within said district. The words of the clause conferring jurisdiction, will be found as compreh'ensive as those employed in the constitution; and ifI have been successful, in showing that congress may confer such authority, the fifth section shows that, it has, been, in fact, granted.
There are nowords of exemption or limitation which can apply to the case at bar.
The attorney general argues,,1. That the decisions of this Court, in M'ntire v. Wood,.7 Cranch, 504, and inM'Cluny v. Silliman, 6 Wheat. 598, show, that beyond the District of Columbia, the courts of the United States'can exercise no such jurisdiction. '2. That the circuit court erred in supposing thait the provisions of the act'of 27th February, 1801, extend the 'owers of the circuit court in this district, beyond those of the other circuit courts.
After quoting the language of the judicial act of 1789, in relation to ci'r~uit courts ifi general, he'institutes a comparison between that and the act of,. February, 1801)'and insists that there exists no substantial diffekence between them; and that the inferences deduced from the langpagetof this Court, in MIntire v.Wood, are not only erroneous; but that they have been- repudiated in M'ChIny v,Stillman.
1. The cas6 of M'Intird v. Wood, came before this Court on -a certificate of a division of opinion from the circuit court of Ohio; and it was decided that the circuit court had no jurisdiction to issue a mah'damus to-the register of the land office. That decision rested upon the provisions of the eleventh section of the apt of 1789, which was held not to confer the jurisdiction, claimed; but the Court expressly say, that had that section covered the whole ground of the constitution; in other words, vested all the power which the constitution authorized, the result would have been different. Aware that the language of that section was thus restrained, and that of the 27th February, 1801, was unlimited, we regarded the-case so triumphantly

JANUARY TERM, i838.
[Keidaallv.The United S'tats.]
cited against us; as an authority in our favour. - In2 Wheat. 369, the same case under another, name, presented .the question.,whether state court could award the mandamus desired. In 6 Wheat.598, .it camae' again before this Court presenting both questions. On this occa'sibn, th" ease of"M'Intire v. Wood is 'r&examined, and its doc' trines ,reaffirmed; ijand the very question now at bar, was adverted to in; the opinion of the'Court, and our "view of it sustainedl This'is again co'ifirmedby thesubscqqient language of the Court,where it is observed:-,BUt when, in the case of Marbury v. Madison, and that of M'Intire v. Wood, this' Court decided 'against the exercise of that power, the idea' never presented itself to any ,one, that it was not within the sco e of the judicial powers of the United States,Nalth6ugh not vested by law in the courts (ofthe general governmdnt"
-2. There is, in our judgment, a broad and essential ifferance between the provisions of the two statutes. The attorney general biings thetwo_ enactments into juxtaposition, compares their phrastology, and treats the t-o laws afterthe- s of aiagonebra equai tion.
The 11th section.of the judciary ,act of 1789, provde4s that "4the circuit: courts shall hate origihal eogniia, nee .oencurrent with th courts of the,several states, of' all suits of a civil nature at common law or in equity,,' &c., The 5th. sectiop of thl act of'i$th F rtary, 1801, ena a,that ,"thesaid ,court.shall,have cognizance of all cases in'law and equity,"',&dj
It may b'reiaxked:
. The Subject matter 'of the two -laws is essentially. different. The'object of: the first law was to organizeand create courts purely federal in thei -character, and therefore limited'both as to the subjects-and parties over which they. might take cognizance; the object of the other was t ,provide a tribunal to administer not only the laws, of the 'United States, but the 'Maryland laW which was in terms retained, and without distinction as to the parties.
·2.The act of 1789 was designed to comprehend all' he courts of the Union; the Supreme, the cireitit, and the' distrint courts. The first wa to be organized;, but the extent of its jurisdiction, as. conferred by the constitution could neither be enlarged nor diminished.
The other courts Were to be organized, and between them was to be apportioned and distribited such portion of the- residue of the judi cial power of the sovereign, as it pleased to vest in them respec . tively.

SUPREME COURT.
[Kendall v. TheUnited States,]
By the 14th section of this act, the power ta issue a mandamus in a case like the present, is, in terms, given to the Supreme Court In interpreting the language, it is immaterial that this. was afterwards, in Marbury v. Midison, held to be unconstitintional. Ex parte Crane, 5 Peters, 208. The express grant to'the one'court, excludes. the idea of an implied grant to another tribunal to. exercise'the same authority.
3. Anotler. distinction is striking and important ,The laws of Maryland are expressly continued in force; allthe rights and remedies furnished and sanctioned by those lawg' are-preserved. By those laws, a mandamus would lie to a public officer comihanding the performance of a ministerial duty. This is, to a certain extent, conceded by the attorney gene'al, page 148. This concession is a virtual iecognition of an essential difference between the -two courts.
In making this concessioh, however, he denies its application to, offlcers of the United 'States, because no such writ could be 'addressed to them' under the laws of Maryland. This exception annihilates the admission, because all officers within this district, even the lowest officers of a corporation, derive their authority from acts of congress.
'The distinction attempted to be drawn is fallacious. If the 'courts. of Maryland possessed the' jtrisdietion over an officer of that'commonwealth, the transfer of sovereignty would not vest the same power 'in the courts of the district. If 'the power over the. Maryland officers terminated by,the cession, and that over officers deriving their existence from congress did not arispe; the courts of~the district do not succeed, to the powers of the Maryland 'courts: noi do tie citizens 'of the district preserve those rights aid retain the same remedies to which'they were entitled before the cession.
The effect of a cession of sovereignty is misapprehended. The
same laws are preserved, the same rights continued, and there exist the same remedies for enforcing them. Therelations between'.the' subject and the sovereign, are the same; the parties between whom these relations subsist are different.
This.-admits of various illustrations. An inhabitant of Florida, be-. fore the acqtisition of that territory by the .United States, owed allegiance to the king of Spain; he would have incurred the guilt and punishment of treason, had 'he borne arms under the 'United States against Spain. Since the cession he owes'the same allegiance to his new sovereign, and would incur the same penalty were he to aid

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v. The United States.] Spain against the United States. The law is-unchanged, but the parties are changed.
So take the history of the mandamus, as given by the attorney general in his opinion. The colonial courts did not succeed to the jurisdiction over the same officeis as Ithe king's bench possessed, nor do the state courts. Our courts exercise a jurisdiction analogous to that of the king's bench, and issue a mandamus in analogous cases, to persons holding analogous relations. This is our argument.
3. The 11th section of the judiciary act, confers upon the circuit courts no other jurisdictiqn than such as may be issued concurrently by, the state courts. The design and policy of this provision, and the true meaning of this enactment may be found in 1 Kent, 395, &d.; 3 Story:on Cnst. 619, &c. As no jurisdiction was or could be conferred by congress on the state courts, the reference to them was merely to furnish a standard by which to measure that of the circuit courts held within theii territory.
It is then a fatal objection to thejirisdiction of a circuit court un'der the 'act of 1789,:that a state court could not take cognizance of the case. That jurisdiction is still further limited, by being restricted.to particular persons. No such limitations are found in the act of 1801. Upon this Court is conferred general jurisdiction over all cases in law and equity. Until a special act of congress conferred the jurisdiction, the postmaster general could not sue in the other circuit courts; they had no jurisdiction over cases arising under the patent laws or qopyright laws, as such. But over all these cases the circuit court of this district always possessed and exercised jurisdiction.
The circuit courts, under the act of 1789, could not entertain ju risdiction of cases merely on, account of their character or brigin; they could not issue writs of mandamus or quo warranto to operate upon officers or courts of the Union, because over such cases the state courts had no concurrent jurisdiction. The circuit,. court of this district has from its origin exercised this'juridiction.
4. It is.said that,in the circuit court a difference existed between the counsel and the court, is to the grounds upon which this jurisdiction was claimed'. To a certain extent there was some difference. Independently of the grounds that have been mentioned, I asserted it as derivable from the 3d section of the act, which confers upon the Court all the powers vested by law in the other circuit courts.

582

SUPREME COURT.

[Kendall v. The United States.] The only ,law then in existence referring to them, was the act of 13th February, 1801, which was afterwards repealed.,
It was intimated by the court, that it derived its powers from the 3d, and its'jurisdiction from the 5th sections.- Strictly :speaking, powers are not jurisdiction; theformer are the means by which the 'latter is exercised. But in ordinary parlance, they are often employed indiscriminately; and. in all cases, the one implies the other. Wherever jurisdiction is conferred, power to exercise it is implied; wherever power is granted, it is for the purpose of exercising jurisdiction. The word power is that which is alone employed in the constitution; and in the acts of 1789 and 1801, cognizance is used
as an equipollent expression. It is not very, important to which section we,especially refer. If
this be a case in laW or equity, and either of the parties has been found here; it is a case over which the jurisdiction of the circuit court rightfully extends. If it be nbt '4a case,"' what is it that is the. subject. of discussion. It is the claim of a legal right, pursued in court by an appropriate legal process. Should.any doubi exist as to the true construction of the act of 27th February, it should operate in favour of the jurisdiction; for if this Court was right in Martih
v. Hunter, 1 Wheat. 329-30, in asserting that it was an imperative duty in congress to vest in some tribunal or another all the judicial power of the Union; no implication can be admitted to exclude any class of cases,, where the words of the statute are sufficiently compre-.
hensive to, embrace it.

Mr. Butler, attorney general, in reply: It has been correctly said, by the learned counsel for the defendants' in error, that all the facts alleged in the petition are admitted in the return. On the relators' own showing, it was believed that the mandamus could not legally be issued: the retfirn, therefore, set up no traversable matter of fact; but merely stated objections, in point of law, to the relators' application. It was substantially a demurrer
to the petition. The authority and duty of the court to issuethe writ on the case stated by the relators, were therefore, the only
questions in the, court beldw; they are the only questions here. They are purely questions of law; and they neither require, nor authorize, any investigation. of the merits of the orjgt1ial controversy. And yet the- learned counsel have felt themselves at liberty tQ indulge in reiterated and -unsparing censures of the plaintiff in erro04'

JANUARY TERM, 183s.
[Kendall v. The United States.]
not only irrelevant to the points to be decided, but founded on matters, in some cases not contained in the record, and in others, directlyrepugnant to it.
For example: The official action of the plaintiff in error in suspending the extra allowances made to the relators, by his predecessor, has been denounced as downright usurpation; illegal in itself, and cruelly oppressive: with how much justice, let the very words of the relators tell us. In their first petition to congress, after stating the extra allowances made to them, they go on to say; "that their account being unsettled in the books of the department, when the present postmaster general came into office, he considered himself bound, in the adjustment of their accounts, to reject any credits for the allowances thus made to them, for this extra duty. Irihis construction of the post office laws, he also felt himself without any iegal authority to adjust the claims, and make any eompensation for these, services; and' further, considering that there had been no legal sanction for the allowances thus made to your mnemorialists, he felt bound, by his duty, to stop the regular contract pay of your memorialiets, till the sums they had thus received from the department, (and which he considered as over payments,) were refuhded to the government. Those views, thus entertained by the postmaster general, Of the post office laws, and of the powers and duties of that department, were, at the request of your memorialists, submitted to the decision of the attorney general of the United States. They refer to his opinion, accompanying this memorial, by which it appears, that he concurs in -his view of these legal questions with the postmaster general.: so that no other remedy is left to your memorialists, in a case, as they conceive, of very peculiar har'dships, except thatwhich is intimated in a passage of the attorney general's opinion, and expressed in reference to this and similar claims, in the conclusion of the postmaster. general's report to your honourable body." The remedy referred, to was an appeal to congress, to whose favourable consideration the case was recommended by both those officers. The injustice of the complaints on this head is still further aggravated, by the fact, forming part of our public history, that the allowances in qLestion, and others of the liko nature, had been the subject of investigation by congress; and however ancient the practice, or innocent the motives, in which they originated, had been conceded on all hands, to be wholly illegal.. This entirely' distinguished the case from that of Fille-

SUPRE9ME-COURT.

[Kendall v. The United States.]

brown,' 7Peters,*46, cited by the other side.: where it was held

by this Court, that the secretary of the 'navy had legal power to

make the allowances then in question. Under these circumstances,

the accounts of the relators 'being unsettled,'and the allowances not

actually paid, the plaintiff in error might well .think it his duty to

confine the credits of the relators to suth items as were authorized

by law; and to refer any claims not so authorized to the dccision of

congress, On the case stated by him. to the attorney general, his

course was sustained 'by that officer; and the relators in their, appli-

cation to congress, did not attempt to question either the legality-o his conduct, or the pprightness of his motives.

Equally groundless and repugnant to the record were the asser-

tIigorensss,,

"athndat tthhee

plaintiff authority

in4

error,

had

set at defiance- the

act of eon-

of the. solicitor: had treated with contempt

the opinion of the attorney general, on the construction of the law;

or had ever given out 'the monstros pretension, that the relators

"have no other remedy than such as he may gra'ciously please to.

extend, or that may be found in, the power of the executive to re-

move him from office,'.' &c. &c.

It appears by-the record, that the suspended allowances. amounted

to one hundred and twenty-two thousand one hundred and one dol-

lars and forty-six cents, being for services prior to April, 1835. -The

claim for these allowances,. until'aft6r the act of congress, constituted

the'whole subject of controversy. When the subject came, before. the,solicitor, the relators claimed a large additinal suni, (fort thou-

sa'hd six hundred and twenty-,five dollars,) -for similar allowances after April, 1835, and until the end of December, in that year, the. period when the contracts expired. It certainly was not strange -thatthe. plaintiff in error should doubt as to the intention, of congress to give the relators this -additional sum. When has. it-'b fore happened that a party whose claims have been rejected by a department, has obtained from congress a, law, covering not only the sum 'in dispute, but authorizing a claim for' a large additiopal amount? Congress, however, have the power to pass such. a law; and if they think that justice requires it they should undoubtedly do so.. -T. his, the solicitor thought they had done, in the present' case. On this point, he requested the opinion of the attorney general. ' That officer concurred with him. He thought with the solicitor and, still thilyk, that the words 'employed in. the at 'gave,the solicitor. -auth6rity to decide on claims on tlie "conh'aets described in -the' law; for. services

JANTT4RY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v. The United States,]
after as well as before April, 1835. The plaintiff in error, who had not been consulted as to this reference, complained'of the miinner in which it was made; 'and also questioned the( solicitor's right to call for the opinion. In this latter objection he proved to be correct; thp act of May ,29th, 1830, which authorizes the solicitor of the treasury to !a k the opinion of the attorney general, referring exclusively to "suits, proceedings, and prosecutions," under the care of the solicitor, by virtue of his general official duty. This did not occur eitler to the solicitor, when he made the reference, or to the attorney general, when he answered it; but was afterwards admitted by both: and it certainly may well shield the plaintiff in error from one of the charges made against him, that of contemning the opinion bf the law officer. And, besides, one of the mivin grounds on which he relied was, that in truth there was no contract in the case; and if he was right on this question of fact, then neither the opinion nor the law sustained the award.
S far from setting' congress at defiance, he expressly declares, in his letter to the President, of the 27th of December, 1836; "that inasmuch as congress is now in session, the most appropriate resort is to loat ,body for an explanatory act, which, if it confirm the opinion of the solicitor, I will implicitly obey." 'Again, in his letter to the President, of the 31st of January, 1837, after saying that the balance cannot be paid without further legislation; he adds, that " if congress thinks proper to require the payment, it will be his duty to make it." The same willingness promptly to obey the direction of congress, if' by an explanatory act or joint resolution, they should require the payment of the balance, is reiterated in the return to the mandamus. It is true, that he has not deferred tb the report of a committee of the senate, nor even to a resolution of that respectable body, as to a valid and mandatory law. Weaker, and perhaps wiser men, would probably have yielded to an authority so imposing; but, whatever may be .thought of the prudence of his conduct, his firmness of purpose should command our respect; and with unprejudiced minds, will go far to evince the justice of his intentions. In calmer times, it may also be seen that in insisting on the concurrence of both branches of the legislature, and es':ecially of the house of representatives, as necessary to give to a resolution touching the public treasure the force of law, he was really upholding a very important part of the constitution.
Other instances might be mentioned of the like, and even greater VOL. XI--4 E

SUPREME COURT.
[Kendall v. The United States.)
injustice done by the other side to the plaintiff in error.. All'fair construction of his motives had been denied; he had been stigmatized as the. relentless persecutor of unoffending anjl meritorious citizens; the death, (not appearing on the record,) of one of the relators, had even been imputed to him: and to all this had been added the still graver charge, of a desire to break down the judiciary establishments; to destroy the safeguards provided by the constitution; and to subject the legislative will to the control of the executive. In the argument just concluded, all the powers of a very brilliant vituperative eloquence had been put in requisition, to bring down upon his. head the indignation and abhorrence, which, in a land of liberty and lawsi are justly felt towards a functionary truly chargeable with delinquencies so enorious. That no part of this accusatory matter was really called for by the case, is obvious; that much of it wants even a shadow of support, has already been shown; that any of it would be pressed upon this court, was not to have been expected. This hall had been regarded as holy ground; and the consoling reflection had been cherished, that within thes walls one spot had been preserved, where questions of constitutioh~al law' could be-discussed, with calmness of mind, and liberality of temper; where the acts of a public servant might be subjected to free and rigorous scrutiny, without any unnecessary assault upon his character; where, though his conduct were proved to be erroneous, purity of motive might be conceded, till the contrary appeared; where it was usually deemed repugnant to good taste, to offer as argument, the outpourings of excited feeling, or the creations of an inflamed imagination; and where vehement invective and passionate appeals, even though facts existed, which in some other forum .might justify their use, were regarded as sounds unmeet for the judicial ear. That an example so different from the tourse'which might have been hoped for; an example so novel and unpropitious, should have been set on
the present occasion; was not less a subject of regret to him, than he was sure it would be to all who reverenced the dignity of this Court, and who wished to. perpetuate its usefulness and honour; and he confidently trusted that the learned counsel themselves, when the effervescence of professional zeal and exciting debate had passed away, would participate in this feeling.
In replying to those parts of the opposing argument which belonged to the questions presented by the record, the attorney general said he would pursue an order somewhat different from that

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v. The United Stateb.]
adopted by the other side. He would, first, look at the parties before the court; and, secondly, at the particular proceeding which had been instituted, its nature and subject matter, and the purpose desired to be accomplished by it. Under these two general heads, all the material poiits insisted on for the defendants in error, would be brought under review; and the conclusion, he trusted, would be, that the court below had no jurisdiction to award the writ.
1. The court below had not jurisdiction of the parties. The idea of the court below, and which has also been insisted on here, that the United States are to be regarded as the plaintiffs because the ancient form of the writ has been used, is palpably untenable. The real plaintiffs are the relators, who are residents of Maryland, and Pennsylvania. The defendant was proceeded against in his official capacity, as postmaster general, for the purpose of compelling him to do an act exclusively official. The postmaster general, as a public officer, is required to be a resident of the District of Columbia, and may be found within it; but he is not so resident or found, within
the meaning of the fifth section of the act of the 27th of February, 1801. The words "betVeen parties, both or either of which shall be resident, or shall be found within the district;" must be understood to mean, not parties universally, but all parties capable of suing or being sued, who may be resident or found, &c. Foreign ministers, who are residents in the district; being incapable of being sued in the courts of the district; are clearly not within the words of the section. The postmaster general, or other head of a department, is equally incapable of being sued, in his official character; because there is no act of congress conferring such a -apacity. Such an act is necessary to enable the postmaster general to sue in -his official cltaracter. Osborn v. Bank United States, 9 Wheat. 825, 855, 856.-A fqrtiori, is it necessary to make him suable.
Again: The United States are the real parties defendants; the object of the suit being to cancel balances in the treasury books, and to reach public moneys in the treasury. It cannot be said here, as in Cohens v. The State of Virginia, 6 Wheat. 407, 408, that the object is to get rid of a judgment recovered by the United States. The original object of the proceeding was to charge the United States. It is therefore, in effect, a suit against them. Such a suit, independently of the general objection, that the government is not suable, except when it chooses to waive its immunity in this respect; could not be brought in the court below, for an additional reason.

SUPREME COURT.
Lkvendall v. The United States.1
The fifth section of the act of the 29th of, February, 1801, gives the court jurisdiction of all actions or suits, of a civil nature, "in which the United States shall be plaintiffs, or complainants." This express, affirmative provision, necessarily excludes all cognizance of actions against the United States; even if they were ;otherwise capable of being sued.
It is no answer to the objections under this head, that they were waived by the pppearance of the plaintiff in error, in the court below. That appearance was for the sole purpose of objecting to the jurisdiction; and as no plea in abatement could be interposed, the want of jurisdiction was assigned 'inthe return.
2. The court below had not jurisdiction of the subject matter of the proceeding.
The applicatibn was for a peremptory mandamus to the postmaster general, in his official capacity. This officer, it is now admitted, 'is the head of one of the great executive departments. The court below has no jurisdiction to award such a writ, to such an officer. This Court has 'decided' that the ordinary circuit courts have no such jurisdiction; not indeed in express words, but by decisions which embrace'that proposition, and much more. .M'Intire v. Wood,. 7 Cranch, 504; and M'Cluny v. Silliman, 6 Wheat. 598, decide that the ordinary circuit courts cannot issue a mandamus, as original process, even to a mere miristerial officer, much less can they do so to an executive officer, the President, or the head of a department.
The circuit court of the District of Columbia, though it possesses much jurisdiction which the other .courts have not, stands, in this respect, on the same ground. The words of the fifth section of the act of February 27th, 1801, so far as regards this question, are substantially the same as those of the eleventh section of the judic'ary act of September, 1789, except that the latter includes the words "concurrent with the courts of the several states;" which -words are not in the act of 1801. These words, it is'said, restrict the .jurisdiction of the ordinary circuit courts to those cases over which the state courts had jurisdiction,. in September, 1789; and thereby exclude cases arising -under the constitution, laws, and treaties of the United States. And as the restriction is not contained in the District act of 1801, the argument is,, that the jurisdiction of the circuit court of this district extends to all such cases, provided the parties be resident or found within the district. Several of -the objections to this doctrine, made in the opening, have not been answered by

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v. The United States.the other side; and it is therefore the less needful to pursue it, The reason for inserting this clause in the act of 1789, was to prevent the 'doubt which might otherwise have arisen, as to the right of the. state courts to decide, in 'suitable cases, questions growing out of the constitution, treaties, atd laws of the United States. It was not inserted 'either to give jurisdiction to the state courts, or to restrict the jurisdiction of the circuit courts; but simply to'exclude a conclusion. Houston v. Moore, 5 Wheat. '25 to 27. For that, purpose, the clause was very proper in the act of 1789; but for .any purpose, it would have been absurd in the act of 1801, for there are no state courts in this district: and this, no doubt, was the sole cause of the omission.
In support of this view, it is further said, that the subject matter of the two laws is essentially different; the act of 1789 being designed to organize the courts of the United States, under the constitution alone; and the act of 1801 to furnish such additional .jurisdiction to the district 'courts, as was required by the local sovereignty exercised over the district. This change of' circumstances undoubtedly demanded a much wider scope of judicial power; but this was abundantly provided for, by adopting the laws of the states'; sec. 1;, by extending the criminal jurisdiction of the circuit court t6 all crimes and offences committed within the district; and by enlarging the civil jurisdiction to all cases, in law and equity, between parties resident or found within the district; instead of confining, as is done in see. 11, of the act of'1789, the criminal jurisdiction to offences against the laws of the United States, and the civil to certain suits between citizens of different states, and other special cases.
The change of sovereignty did not require that the courts of this district should possess a power denied to all the other courts of the United States, to superintend anl control United States' officers appointed for the whole nation; nor can it be believed that congress could reallyhave intended to confer such a power. It is said, how,ever, that they have actually given it, by continuing in force the laws of Maryland; because, by those laws, a mandamus would lie to a public officer, commanding the performance of a ministerial duty, as well as in the cases-of corporations &c. No doubt, by virtue of the adopted laws of Maryland and Virginia, and under its general jurisdiction, the circuit court of the districtinay rightfully issue the writ of mandamus, in all cases of the same nature with those in which it could have been issued by the '4aryland and Virginia courts, to any

SUPREME COURT.
.fKendall v. The United States.]
officer, tribunal, or corporation, within the district. In other words, for the purposes of this question. the Maryland side of the district is the state of Maryland; and the circuit court of the-disti ict now holds the supervisory, power of the Maryland court, over all local officers in respect to all matters arising in the district, which, from their nature and quality, would have been subject-to the supervision of the Maryland courts, had the cession not been made. But the mere act of adopting the Maryland laws, and of enabling the district courts to administer them as they were administered by the Maryland courts.; could not enable the former to apply those laws to officers of the United States appointed for the whole nation, in respect to official acts affecting the interests of the whole nation. To authorize such a stretch of power, there must be an express grant of jurisdiction by act of congress. Until such a law shall be passed, the local courts, in this particular, will starnd on precisely the same ground as the Maryland courts did before the cession. When congress sat in New York, or Philadelphia, and the officers of the federal government resided there, they were not subject to the supervision, by mandamus, of the courts of either of the states within whose territory they resided. Suppose, then, a cession of the city of New York. or of the city of Philadelphia, and an adoption of the state law; h6w could that have altered the case? As to all matters of local concern, like all other inhabitants, they would be subject to the adopted law: but in their official capacities, they would still have remained, as they were. before, exclusively subject to the authority of the general government, acting strictly'as such. Suppose this district had never been ceded to thd United States, but the seat of the federal government established here, and all the other circumstances of the present case to have occurred; could the Mbryland court have interfered, by mandamus? Surely not. How then can that court, which has merely taken the place of the Maryland court, claim, from that fact alone, any greater jurisdiction? The case of The Columbian Insurance Company v. Wheelwright, 7 Wheat. 534, so much relied on by the other side, does not touch the point. That was a private corporation, not, growing out of, nor at all connected with the fcderal government, as such. It had, indeed, been created by an act of congress; but in this, congress acted as a local legislattire.under the cession; without Which such a corporation could not have been created by the federal government. If the cession had not been made, the Maryland legislature could have done precisely the same thing. But

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Xendallv. The United States.] in creating the post office department, and the other executive departments, and in defining the duties of the officers employed in' them, as well as in every other law concerning them, congress act entirely irrespective of the cession. Though the officers -reside here, yet had no cession been made, every one of these laws might have been passed. On the other hand, if the district were yet subject to the government of Maryland, that government cotild not have interfered, with the subjects, or with any of the officers concerned in them.
It is very true, as contended by the learned counsel, that the Maryland laws cannot be literally enforced here; that all the local officers of the district derive-th'eir existence from acts of congress; and that the Maryland law can only be applied to them by analogy: but there is no difficulty in ascertaining the analogy, nor in applying it. Informations in the nature of a quo warranto may beentertained, and writs of mandamus be issued, by virtue of theadopted law, in every case; except where the duties of the officer exclusively grow out of, and belong to the federal government. The present case being peculiarly "one of this description, the .court below acquired no jurisdiction over it from the mere adoption of the, state law. If it has such jurisdiction, it must be derived in some other way.
The third section of the act of February 27th, 1801, cannot help out the jurisdiction, even if that part of the act of February 13th, to which it is said to refer, be regarded as yet in force; because this section refers only to the powers, and not to the jurisdiction of the court. The distinction between jurisdiction, or cognizance of a court, and the powers or means by which it exercies and enforces -its jurisdiction,'is a sound and familiar one, and is distinctly marked in all the judiciary acts; and among others, in this very act of the 27th .of February, 1801, as the court below has itself decided in former cases. Again: there being no special reference to the act of February 1.3th, the provisions of that law were not so incorporated in the act of February 2.7th, as to require a special repeal in reference to this district; and when the act of February 13th was repealed, and the act of 1789 revived, and put in force in its stead, with what propriety can it be said that any part of the repealed law is yet in force? And how unreasonable to suppose, that congress, could have intended to leave the repeal imperfect, and to create and keep up an anomalonis and unnecessary.distinction between the courts in and out of this d i#.rict? The cases mentioned by the learned

SUPREME COURT
[Kendall v. The United States.]
counsel, of English statutes' spec.ally referred to and adopted by Maryland statutes; and in respect to which the Maryland courts haye correctly held that the subsequent repeal of the English statute does not alter the law of Maryland; differ from the present case in several essential particulars. Not to speak of other differences, the repeal was not made by a legislative act intended to apply, or capable of applying to the state of Maryland; whilst here, the act of February 13th, if adopted in the ict of February 27th, was also repealed by the same authority.
The jurisdiction of the court below, so far as regards the present case, depends then on the words of the fifth section of the act of February 27th, 1801. These words are, in substance, neither more nor less than the corresponding words in section eleventh of the act of 1789; and even if the judicial' construction of that section, in M'Intire v. Wood, and M'Cluny v. Silliman, be inapplicable to the present law; still it has not been shown that the claim of the relators is a "ease in law or equity." If we give to the law the broad construction on which the learned counsel insist, they cannot establish the jurisdiction of the court, unless they can also prove that the case presented in the petitin was a "case in law or equity;" in other words, a controversy of a forensic, nature, which, according to the established principles and forms of judicial proceedings, was properly referrible for discussion, and decision to the judicial tribunals. The attorney general referred to the argument of his associate on this point; which, he remarked, had not been answered, nor even attenmpted to be answered; except by the allegation so often reiterated $ but not proved, that, the relators had an absolute, fixed. and un conditional legal right to the credits in question, the duty of entering which, was imposed on the postmaster general, as q mere ministerial act. If this were indeed so, then a "ease in law or equity!' had been presented, and the. mandamus will be the proper remedy; if there be no other appropriate means of redress, and the court has received -authority to issue it. But the position is untenable.
The relators claim under the special act of July 2d, 1836. They do not refer to, nor could they claim under any prior act. The attorney general agreed that the relators were deeply interested in the benefits proposed to be conferred by this law, and also that the good faith of. the nation was pledged to secure to them all those benefits; unless it should be found that by some fraud, or material error, congress were induced to grant what they would not otherwise

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

593

[Kendall v. The United States'.]
have given. ]But it is not every interest, nor' even every-interest
which isg.uarantied by -the faith 'of the nation, which is to be dignified by the name of a vested legal right. If the interest be &ubjet to, any contingency by which the, right to its enjoyment can be cut off, it is rn0t regarded, in law, as,a yested legal right..' Now the rights conferred by the act of July 2d, 1836, were subject to such a contingency. They were subject to the power of congress, -at any time, before the actual entering of the credit, to amend, alter, or repeal the law. After the cre'dit should be entered, congress could not depiive the'parties of it; because there is no power, which after a fact has .happened, can cause such fact not to have happened.: But -at arty time Prior to. the actual entering of the, credit, congress had the power to alter or repeal the law., This power was not reserved /in terms in the law; nor was it necessary to be so reserved. :Itresults from the nature of the ease. There ws no'contract, made or tendered by the law. The'relators were to. do - no, meritorious act under it. It was an act of relief, ofgrace, and favour to them. The proeedings before the solicitor were not. like a suit in a regularly organized court; nor was his award like - judgment of such a court, so as to be out of the reach of the legislative power. It was-the Ordinary case of a law extending a favour or bounty to a party;" and as ,to all such laws, congress have, a lotus penitento so long as the law is unexecuted. The judiciary committee of the senate had no doubt as to the power of congress to repeal the law; though they thought it should' not he exercised. This is decisive of the case. If
congress had, and if they yet have, the power to modify, or repeal 'at pleasure, the act under which.'the relators claim; then it is not a case for the courts of justice at all, or at least not a case for a mandamus. All the authorities show, and~ the learned counsel themselves admit, that to entitle aparty to this writ he' must show that he has an absolute legal right to some specific thing. But Where the interest'of a party is liable to be thus affected by the action of the legislature, it is-an abuse of terms to call it a fixed or vested right. It would, indeed, be a strange kind of absolute vested legal right, which is thus liable to -bedefeated. . That the legislature have not interfered, is fio' answer to this argument; it is enough that they have a lawful power
to do so.
Nor Was the duty imposed on the, postmaster general by the law of 1836 a mere ministerial duty, like that of the clerk of a court, in recording a judgment, giving copies,,&c., to which it has been
VOL. XII.-4 F

SUPREME COURT.
[Kendall v. The United States.] compared. It involved an examination of the award, to see that the solicitor had not exceeded his authority, either in giving too wide a scope to the enacting clause, or in violating the provisos. Nothing can be plainer than that if either were done, the: award, pro tanto, Would be void; precisely like that of any other arbitrator, whose award exceeds the submission. Suppose the solicitor had made allowances where there was no contract? Or for other contracts than those described in the law? Or had made allowances contrary to the provisos? Will any one contend, that the postmaster general, seeing these violations of the law on the face of the award, was yet bound to give the credits thus illegally allowed? If his'duty was merely ministerial, if he possessed no authority to look into the award, as contended by the other side; then, however palpable the errors of the solicitor, and however excessive the allowances made by him, the credit is to be given. It would seem to be impossible, that such could have been the, design of congress. It was clearly the duty of the solicitor to confine his allowances within the authority conferred on him by the law; and if so, it was as clearly incumbent on some one, before the credit was given, and the money drawn out of the treasury, to see that the allowances did not extend beyond the law. Who was to do this.? In the first instance, at least, the postmaster general; because on him was specially devolved the duty of execatiog the award. Ex necessitate, therefore, he must look into ib and compare it with the law. Even the other side were compelled to admit this; they concede, too, that some -preliminary examination, was necessary, to enable him to ascertain the precise duty to be perfoxmed. This concession brings the case within the principle of the Commonwealth ex rel. Griffith v. Cochran, 5 Binney, 87, cited in the opening. According to that case'and the whole current of authorities, where such a special tribunal is created by statute, without giving to the courts, in express terms, any power to super'vise and control the action of the officer; all that they can do by mandamus, is, to compel the officer to take up the subject, and to act upon it; they cannot instruct him how to act. If the officer -acts
corruptly, he is liable to a private action, at the suit of the party injurqd; and to indictment, if he decides erroneously: the only remedy, in ordinary cases, is by a further appeal to the legislature; though under the constitution of the United States, if the duty be devolved on an executive officer, his action may indirectly be reached and affected by the President.

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v. The Urlited States.]
Itis in this view of the case, that the constitutional question, is to the power of congress to clothe the judiciary with authority to direct and control the executive,.is supposed to arise. The doctrines of his associate and himself, on this head, and more especially those Stated by the postmaster general in his return, had been denounced by the other side, as equally novel, unfounded, and alarming. Strong, and, perhaps, incautious expressions, had -been quoted from that return; and by separating them from their -context, and not attending to the fact, that the writer set out with the position
that the duty imposed on'him by the law, was an executive and not a ministerial duty, those expressions were made to bear a meaning which their author could never have designed. The like remark is to be made of the comments on the opinion of the attorney general, and on the opening argument.
In regard tW this branch of the case, the attorney general said, that he could not consent to be held responsible for any language or reasoning except his own; and that he must protest against the version which had been given to hia official, otinion. That document, on some of the points: discussed in it, might well be found to be erroneous; for it embraced questions by no meatis of easy solution, And in respect-to which the most enlightened and upright might 'fairly differ, But as to the constitutional views presented by it, he could not apprehend any serious diversity of opinion among persons, tolerably familiat with constitutional law; provided th6 points intended to b6. discussed, were first clearly understood, and then carefully kept in view. 'He had not denied, and did not intend fo deny; on the contrary he fully admitted, the constitutional power of congress to invest the proler courts of the United States with jurisdiction to issue writs of mandamus to any ministerial officer of the United States, to compel the performance of his duty. And as the ordinary character of an officer's fuhnetibns would not always determine the true nature of a particular duty imposed by law, lie further agreed, that if an executive officer, the head" of a deport6ient, or even the President himself, wer&required, by law, to perform an act merely ministerial, and necessary to the completion or enjoyment of the rights of individuals, he should be regarded, quoad hoc, not .s an executive, but as a merely ministerial officer; ,nd therefore liable to be directed and compelled to the performance of the act, by mandamus, if congress saw fit to give the jurisdiction. In short, he had
no controversy Nith the court below, nor with the learned counsel

SUPREME COURT
[Kendall v. TheUnited Ptates.)
for the relators, .in respect to the power: of congress to authorize the circuit court of this district,,or any other tribunal, inferior to the Supreme Court, to award a mandamus to the postmaster. general, in precisely such a case, as that now under discussion; if it be really true as contended by the court below, and by the other side, that the law of July, 1.836, imposes on the postmaster' general the performance of a merely ministerial act or duty. The official opinion of June 19th, 1837, begins with the statement that the case was one in which an official duty, relating to claims depending in the post office department, growing out of contracts made with that department, i~posed on its head by his name of office; and in every sense an official, executive duty, was sought to be enforced by mandamus. This statement, he thought, had not been successfully impeached; and if well founded, it naturally led to the, constitutional objection, by which it was merely affirmed that congress cannot "confer on any court of the United States the power to supervise, and control the action of an executive officer of the United States, in any official matter, properly appertaining to the executive department in.which he is employed." The remainder of the opinion is devoted to the establishment and illustration of this precise and limited proposition. The argument was chiefly rested on the distribution of the powers of government between three independent -departmpnts; the vesting of the executiye power in the President, and. the duty imposed on him of taking care that the laws be faithfully' executed. How has this argument been met by the other side? 'By imputing to us the most extravagant doctrines in regard to the extent of the executive power; and'by maintaining, on their own part, doctrines equally extravagant.
When we say that the constitution gives to the President the' whole executive piower, the learned counsel represent us as contending that all executive power, whether conferred, by the consti-. tution or not; all 'executive power which, in any age of the world, and under any form of government, has- been vested in the chief executive functionary, is vested in the President of the United States: and they argue with great warmth against this notion, a notion too preposterous, to need refutation. What we say is, that all the executive power of the limited federal government created by our constitution: not the executive power of Great Britain, Russia, or Turkey: is vested, with certaih specified exceptions, in the President; And we' mean by this, precisely what is meant when it is

JANUARY TERM, 1838
[Kendall v. The United States.]
said, that all the legislative power of this government is vested in congress, subject to the qualified veto of the President; or when it is said, that all the judicial power conferred by the constitution, is vested in this Court and the other courts of the United States; and no more.
The proposition, even as thus limited, is den6unced by the othel side as slavish in the extreme, although they admit that it is not entirely new. It was first broached, say the counsel, by Gen. Hamilton, in the Letters of Pacificus, but was promptly refuted by Mr. Madison, in Helvidius, 'and has, since remained dormant. Never did gentlemen fall into a greater mistake. That all the executive power proposed to exist in the new government was to be vested in the President; was objected' by the opponents, and explicitly admitted by the advocates of the federal constitution, when that instrument was under discussion before the people. Gen, Hamilton, in the Federalist, acknowledged that this was the effect and design of the constitution, but vindicated the arrangement. See Federalist, 'os. 69, 70 and 71. This doctrine was also announced and established by the congress of 1789, in the debates relative to the power of removal, referred to in the opening. It was the very pivot on which that famous discussion turned. The subject had been considerably discussed before Mr. Madison engaged in the debate. From the moment he entered it, we perceive the presence of a superior intellect, possessing unequalled advantages of knowledge and experience, and displaying itself in the clearest analysis of the principles'and meaning of the constitution. He was the first speaker who referred to that clause which declares that the "executi ve power shall be vested in the President." From that provision, and from the direction that the President "shall take care thatthe laws be faithfully executed," he deduced the conclusion, that it was "evidently the intention of the constitution, that the first magistrate should be responsible for the executive department." 4 Elliot's Debates, 148. He showed that this principle of unity and responsibility was necessary to preserve that equilibrium which the constitution intended; and to prevent a direction towards aristocracy on the one side or anarchy on the other, 4 Elliot, 176: and that to give effect to these principles, the' capacity to superintend and control the subordinate officers of the executive department, through the power of removal, had been left in thePresident alone. 4 Elliot, 147 to 150, 176 to 183, and 201 to 203. In these views, a large majority of both houses con-

59,8

SUPREME COURT.

[Kendall v. The United States,] curred; the senate conceding the power against ,itsdlf: so that, if this doctrine as to the poWer of removal be really an unwarrantable, interpolation, as the learned counsel say it is, it,must be 'barged on the fathers of the repulblie. But, Whether the particular question, as to the power of removal wascorrectly decided or not; no one, irt that debate, disputed the position of Mr. Madison and his associates, that the constitution had actually vested in the Presidelit the whole executive power. On the contrary, Messrs. Gerry and others, of the minority, expressly conceded it; though they contended, either that the executive power did not include the power of removal; or if it-did include it, that in analogy to the power of appointment, it could only be exercised with the consent of. the senate. This latter idea had indeed been suggested by Gen. Hamilton, in the 77th No. of :the ederalist; though, as has been: seen, he had previously'laid it down, in prior numbers of that work, and in the strongest terms, ,that the whol& executive power was vested, in the President. The whole, course of this debate, independently of the conclusion to which it came, is, therefore, utterly irreconeilable with the recent suggestion adopted and maintained by our learned adversaries; thr', when the constitution says, "the executive. power shall be 'vested in - President," it only gives a name to the department, and merely means that he shall possess such executive power as the legislature shall choose to confer upon him.
The doctrine stated in-Pacificus, published in 1793, was, theretbre, nothing, new. It was merely repeating what Gen. Hamilton had himself said before the *adoption of the constitution,'and what had been admitted on 'all sides, in the debate of 1789. Nor was it denied by.Mr. Madison, in the letters of Helvidius; nor,, indeed, could he venture to dispute. it after the part taken by him in former 'discussions.' He. several times admits it in terms, and constantly by implication; but contends, in opposition to Pacificus, that the power to issue a proclamation of neutrality was included, in the power of making war and peace, and therefore belonged to'the legislatureoand not to the executive. See pages 696 to 601, Appendix to Washington ed. of Federalist. This view of the constitution, so far, also, from remaining dormant since 1793, as alleged by the learned coun-
eel, has been announced in every text book on the constitution published since that time, and in every decision of 'this Court in which the point has been discussed, as was abundantly shown in the opening.

JANUARY TERM, i8m8.
[Kendall v. The United States.] We are able, also, to answer the call so loudly made, for some
decision of the state courts, in which it has been held, that similar words, in a state constitution, vest in a governor the executive power. The precise point was adjudged in the Commonwealth v. Bussier, 5
$erg. & R. 451, on the Constitution of Pennsylvania.
In regard to the President's responsibility for the officers of the
executive department, and his power to supervise and control them, we intend, to assert only what was admitted in the Federalist, and maintained by Mr. Madison, and those who concurred with him in the debates of 1789; and nothing more than-has beer understood by every President, from Washington inclusive, to belong to the high
trust with which he is clothed. In the writings of Washington, re-
cently published, his habit of directing all the heads of departments in the discharge of their duties, constantly appears. Nor does the idea, suggested by the court below, and before advanced by others, that the secretary of the treasury was not subject to this direction
to so great an extent as the other heads of departments, derive, any
countenance from this correspondence. On the contrary, it will be ,seen, that on one occasion, Gen.-Hamilton complained that President Washington did not take so large a share of the responsibility of some fiscal arrangements as the secretary thought he ought to bear. Sparks' Writings of Washingtdn, vol. 10, p. 396, 554. When, therefore, the learned counsel affirm that the principle is now, for the first time, broadly asserted; they speakc, to say the least, with very little historic accuracy. And 'when they represent us as pressing it to the, extent of claiming for the President a power to direct, instruct, and control every officer appointed by hini, judges as well as others, they show a great want of perspicuity on our part, or of attention on theirs., Our position is' confined to the executive department; we speak of that alone; and we affirm, equally with the other side, the absolute independence of the judiciary, when proceeding in its ap-
propriate sphere.
The practicql inferences supposed by the other side to result-from this doctrine, we must also repudiate. W.here the President has controlled and directed the' action of the inferior executive officer, they contend that the inferior is not responsible; and, as the President's liability to private action has been doubted, there will then, it is. said, be no responsibility. The answer is, that wh~never the President takes an active part in an illegal action, to the injury of an individual, though it be done by the hand ofhis subordinate, he

SUPREME COURT.
[Kendall v. The United States.] will be responsible in a civil. suit, along with that subordinate: and that the latter cannot be excused for doing an unlawful act, by pleading the command of his official superior. This is the rule of thp common law, in the analogous case of master and servant. 1 Black. Com. 430. The subordinate officer is not, obliged to do any act which he believes, to be unlawful; if the President insists on it, he may. resign, or refuse, and take the chance of a removal.
Nor do we claim for the President any po'Wer to forbid or dis-
pense with the execution of an act of congress, even though it relate to matters purely, executive; nor haye we ever affirmed that a citizen, interested in. the execution of such an act, is obliged to submit his claims to the arbitrary determination of that functionary. It was with great propriety that the learned counsel, when bringing this charge against his associate and himself, had referred to the malieiopu and unsypported accusation made by a toryhouse of commons against one, of the- best patriots and soundest constitutional lawyers England ever produced,-Lord Somers. What we say is, that where congress pass a law, for' the guidance and government of the executive, in matters properly -concerning the executive department, it belongs "to the President to take care 'that this law be faithfully executed; and we apply to such a case ,theremark of Gen. Hamilton, in Pacificus, that" he who is to execute the laws, must first judge for himself of their meaning." Pacificus, Ltter 1st. If, therefore, the executive be dearly satisfied as to the meaning of such a -aw, it-ia his bounden duty to see that the subordinate officers of his department conform'
'with fidelity to that meaning; for no other execution,.however pure the motive from which it springs, is a faithful execution'of the law. In a case of this kind, one which thus concerns the-proper executive business of tlce nation, we do indeed deny the power of the judiciary to interfere in advance, and.to instruct the executive officer how t act for the benefit of an individuaL-whG may-have anriinterest in the subject; but We hold that every officer, from the lowest to the highest, who, in executing such a law, 'violates the, legal rights of any individual,'is liable to private action; and, if his act pr6ceed from corrupt motives, to impeachment, and, in some cases, to indictment also. And we. also agree, as has already been admitted, that when an act of congress imposes on an officer of the executive departvnent, for the benefit of a private party, a duty purely ministerial, the per formance of that duty may be coerced by mandamus, by any court to 'which the necessary jurisdiction shall have been given.

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v. The United Stdtes.] Another of the practical inferences imputed to his associate and himself, related to the capacity .of the judiciary department to execute its judgments. A strong and somewhat unguarded expression in the return of the plaintiff in error, had been made the theme of much animadversion;- the comments which it was supposed to justify, were extended to the official opinion of the attorney general; and this latter document, it was said, pressed the argument to an extent which would 'deprive the courts of the power to issue any process, or exercise any jurisdiction whatsoever. As suggested in a former part of the argument, the language of the postmaster general had received an interpretation which -Was doubtless repugnant to the meaning of its author: but hawever this might be, the attorney general, speaking for himself, could truly say, that the sentiments imputed to him were never designed to be expressed; and on a fair construction of his language, he did not think they could be found in his official opinion. Having adopted the impression, whether correctly or not it was not for him to say, that the duty assigned to the postmaster general by the special act of July, 1836, was aot a mere ministerial duty; but a duty which appertained to the regular official business of the department, as a branch of the executive; the opinion proceeded. to show that the writ of mandamus could not be issued to the head of an ex'ecutive department, to instruct and direct him in the performance of an official executive duty. Among other arguments, the inability of the judiciary to enforce any commands they might address to the executive officers, was insisted on, and illustrated by the supposed case'of the officer refusing to obey the mandamus; and on his being committed to prison for the contempt, the President's removing him from office, and so defeating, ad infinitum, if he pleased, the execution of, the writ; thus showing, that without the' corsent of the executive, a peremptory mandamus to an executive officer must forever remain inoperative. If this argument be confined, as was intended, to the case of a mandamus commanding the performance of an act strictly executive; no one, it is believed, can prove it to be unsound. To mark still more clearly the class of cases referred to, and to show that the independence and completeness of the judicial power, were. not intended to be impugned; it was carefully observed, that "in cases which properly refer themselves to the judiciary, it is rarely or never possible to defeat, in this way, the ultimate execution of the judgment of the court:" a passage, by the way, which the learned
VOL. XII.-.. G

SUPREME COURT.
[Kendall v. The Uhited States:] counsel in their animated comments on this part of the opinion, had strangely overlooked. He, therefore, entirely agreed with his learned adVersories, that in all cases to which the judicial power extended, neither the executive nor the legislature could, rightfully, interfere with the judgments of the courts, much less "strike dead their process, in the hands of the marshal." It was, perhaps, to prevent any abuse of the power of removal by the executive, as well as to avoid inconvenience and delay, that the provision referred to by the other side, and by the court below, authorizing the marshal, though removed, to execute any process in his hands; was inserted in the act of 1789. This provision, however, does not apply to a mandamus: which is directed, not to the marshal, but to the officer who is to do the act required; and if that officer-be the head of an executive department, there is, and there can be, no law to prevent the President from removing him at pleasure,
With this notice of some of the strictures on his official opinion, he was content to leave the general exposition of his views, on this branch.of the case, to that paper: and would proceed to consider the doctrine, so strenuously pressed, that under the constitution of the *United States, it is competent for congress, if they think proper, to empower the judiciary to supervise, direct and control, any officer of the executive department, in respect to any matter whatsoever. The learned counsel were driven to this extremity in order to sus,tain the judgment of the court below, in the event of its being held, that the duty assigned to the postmaster general was not a ministerial but an executive one. The constitution, say the learned counsel, does not expressly except any officer of the United States, or any act of any such officer, from the general grant of judicial power; and, therefore, the legislature may extend that power to every such officer and act: and, indeed, should do so, in order that the judicial power may be coextensive with the operation of the other departments. The post office department, they further say, and all the officers employed in it, including its head, derive their existence from acts of congress passed in pursuance of the constitution: and the power which creates these officers may subject them to the stpervision of the judiciary, and may empower the.judiciary to direct and control them ...The like power to authorize the judiciary to direct and.control, in advance,- the action of the executive officers, was endeavoured tO be inferred, from the admitted fact, that these officers were liable,, as individuals, to private action and to indictment; and.

JANUARY TERM, 18.38.

%08

[Kendall Y. The United Stales.]
that. this liabiliiy had often -been declared and enforced by act of congress. This doctrine may, .rndeed, be pronodnced not only novel, but utterly repugnant, to the theory of the constitution; and to the best considered and most authoritative expositions of its meaning, In the note td Ilayhurn's case, 2 Dall. 409, the reasons of the judges of the circuit courts, 'including all the judges of this Court, for, not executing the pension act of the 23d of March, 179., are given at length. The New York circuit court; consisting of chief j.pstice Jay, Cushing Justice, and Duane, Distric.t judge, were "unanimously of opinion, and agreed, that by the constitution of the United States, the government thereof is divi'ded into three distinct and independent branchei; and that it is thp duty of each to abstain from, and to oppose encroachments on either. That neither the legislative nor the executive branches can constitutionally assign to the judicial any duties, hut such as are properly judiciW, and to be perfbrmed in a judicial manner." The judges in the other circuits ekpressed the same propositioni though in somewhat different words; and they all concurred in treating the law as unconstitutional, and in declining the fuictions assigned them, because they were not of a judicial nature. The axiom thus laid down by this high authority, an axiom plainly resulting from the distribution of. powers made by the con stitution, overthrows, from the foundation, all this part of the opposing argument. The attorney general said, that he had always regarded ;the opinions of the judges in the pension case, as entitled to the very highest respect. They were founded on the maturest deliberation; and were uttered very soon after the organization of the government, and before political parties had .been formed with reference to any particular construction of the constitution. When his own views as to the independence of the different departments were denounced by his learned adversaries as revolutionary and disorganizing; he was consoled by the reflection, that the like charge had been insinuated, :and even by the incumbent of the office he had the honour to fill, against the opinions above 'quoted. See letter of attorney general Randolph to President. Washington, of August 5th, 1792, 1.0 Sparks' Writings of Washington, 513. The fame of Chief Justice Jay and his associates, had not been injured by these strictures; and those who merely repeat their language are equally secure against any permanent injustice.
As to the numerous cases cited from the English book, and from our own reports, in which actions for damages had been brought

SUPREME COURT.
[Kendall v. The United Sajes.]
against public officers of all descriptions, for acts done by them in their official capacities; it was sufficient to say, that the liability of every officer of this government to private action and to public prosecution, in appropriate cases, had been repeatedly conceded. But none of these cases touch the point now in dispute; for no one of them involves any attempt, on the part of the curt, to direct the officer i n the performance of his duty. This, it is said, has been done in the injunction cases cited from 4 Simons, 13; 6 Peters, 470; and 6 Simons, 214; and other cases of the like nature. It will be seen, however, that in the first of these cdses, 4 Simons, 13, the injunction was :issued to restrain the commissioners of woods and forests, from erecting a building in violation of an agreement entered into by them with the plaintiffs, to whom they had leased an adjoining tract; and that in all the others the real controversy was between individuals, litigating in relation to moneys held by the trea-, sury officers as trustees or stockholders; moneys received under treaties, &c., and not belonging- to the government, but to one or other of the litigating parties. Injunctions to-the treasury officers are issued by the courts of equity, in' these latter cases, on the same principle on which they are issued, in analogous cases, to banks .and other depositaries; that is to preserve the funds in controversy until the party really entitled can be ascertained. When- such injunctions are served on the secretary of the treasury, they are usually observed; but it has not been supposed that they were obligatory.
When this case was before the court below, it was urged as a strong reason against the application that no instance-could be found in the English books in which a mandamus "had been issued to any officer of the executive departments." The learned counsel could not then produce any such case, and the court conceded that they had not found any. The King v. The Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, 5 Neville and Manning, 589, a case, not in the country where this controversy began, is now referred 'to as one of this description. It was there admitted, on all sides, that a mandamus had never been issued to' such officers; and, though the writ was awarded, all the judges put it expressly on the ground that the money in question had been appropriated by parliamcnt for the use of the relator, and had been drawn out of the treasury and placed in the hands of a paymaster appointed by the defendants, and subject to their order; and .that they were to be so copsidered as mere trustees or stockholders, of moneys belonging, no, to the public, but to the relator. Neville's

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall-v. The United States.]
case, Plowden, 377; the Banker's case, 14 Howell's State Trials, and the other cases of petitions to the barons of the exchequer, depend on the political organization and functions of the English exchequer; and the writs issued in'those cases to the treasury officers, are not to be confounded with the prerogative writ of mandamus, which can only emanate from the king's bench. In the New York case, 10 Wendell, 25, the mandamuis was directed to the canal commissioners; officers charged, it is true, with the care of a very important public work, but not a part of the state executive. In principle, their functions were precisely like those of surveyors, and commissioners of highways and sewers; ministerial officers, to whom writs of fnan-. damus have dften been directed in England.
Several of the other cases cited from the state courts, are of the like nature; and no one of them assumes a power to direct dn executive officer in the discharge of a matter properly appertaining to his official functions. In the Tennessee case cited in the opening, 1 Cooke, 214, such a power was expressly disclaimed. And in 5 Binney, 105, Chief Justice Tilghman refused a mandamus to the state treasurer, because it would b but another mode of suing the commonwealth; thus applying the maxim of common sense and good morals, that what the law will not allow you to do directly, you shall not attempt to do indirectly. But English' cases, and even cases from our state courts, hoi ,ever useful in furnishing principles and analogies, cannot determine a question arising on the constitution of the United States. Aware of this, the learned counsel had chiefly relied on the cases of Marbury v. Madison, 1 Cranch, 137; M'Intire v. Wood, 7 Cranch, 504; and M'Cluny v. Sillimn, 6 Wheat. 598. In the first of these, it was said, the broad principle had been established, that in all cases where an individual was interested in the discharge of an official act, by an execdtive officer, the writ of mandamus was the appropriate remedy to compel the performance of such act; and the other cases were referred to as confirming this doctrine. In regard to these authorities, the attorney general referred to the observations in his official opinion in the record, and to the opening argument; and conceded, that if Chief Justie Marshall was correct, in considering the appointment of Marbury as complete, by the signing and sealing of the comnission, and in holding that he thereby. acquired a vested legal right to the olfice, ahd to the commission as the evidence of it, and that the secretary held the commission as a mere depositary, for the personal and exclusive benefit

SUPREME COURT.
(Kendall v. The United-States.)
of Marbury; there could then be. no doubt that a mandamus inight be issued, consistently enough with th constitution: because the .delivery of the commission would-,in that case, be a mere ministerial act, and the secretary of state, quoad hoc, a mere' ministerial officer.
In this view of the case, he assented, to the comment of Justice Story, that no lawyer could'doubt the power of congress to authorize the proper courts to issue a mandamus in such a case; and to the similar declaration of Justice Johnson, in 6 Wheat.; and of Justice Thompson, in 1 Paine. This however falls veiy far short.of the doctrine now under consideration, a doctrine which, claims for the legislature the power to confer on the' courts of justice unlimited authority to supervise and control executive officers, in all 'matters whatsoever. In support of this position, the 13th section of'the . judicial act of 1789, had been invoked as a legislative declaration that writs of mandamus might be issued t6 any officers of the United States, executive as well as others. And it was said, that although this section had been decided in Marbury v. Madison to. be unconstitutional, as attempting to 'give to the Supreme Court an original jurisdiction in this respect; yet that it was erititled to respect in the,point now under discussion. Independently of -any other answer, it was enough to say that the section confined the Writ to cases "warranted by the principles and usages of law:" that the principles of la7 forbid the issuing of a manddmus, except in casbs strictly of judicial cognizance; arid especially forbid the interference of courts of.justice with executive functions: and that the usages in England and in this country, are in accordance with these principles. In the cases of The United States v. Arredondo and others, 6 Peters, 763; 9 Peters, 172, &c., the United States, in order to execute'the stipulations for the protection of private property contained in the Florida treaty, consented to appear in court at the suit of the claimant; gave the courts ample auttority to decide on the validity of claims under the treaty; and empowered them when a claim was established, to issue a mandate to a ministerial officer to make the necessary survey and 'execution of the decree. .The irrelevancy of this procedure to the present discussion is obvious. Nor did this part of the opposing argument'derive any support from any of the post office laws to which the learned counsel had referred; there being no provision in the sections which had been quoted, which empowered the judiciary to interfere, in any way, except, by taking cognizance of suits regularly instituted.

'JANUARY TERM, 1838.

607

[Kendall v. The United States.] In, conclusion , the attorney general insisted, that evernif the postpiaster general could properly be regarded in this case 9s a mere ministerial officer, adid if the relators could be considered as having a vested legal right to the credits in question;-' still the coutit below had no jurisdiction-to issue the mandamus, because its authority in this respect was no greater than that of the ordinary circuit courts. It wasdeserving of notice that no attempt had been made by-the other side to explain how it happened that this' extended jurisdiction had never before, been exercised or asserted; although cases calling for its exercise must frequently have' occurred.
But suppose this objection out of the way; suppose the jurisdiction clear, and the legal right of the relators, to the credits -claimed by them admitted; yet the court erred in awarding the manda-
mus. Itis not every case of the denial of a vested lgal right, which is to be redressed by this writ. It must appear that there is no other specific legal iemedy. -In the present case, if the rights of the relators be such as their counsel represent, an action on the case will plainly lie. This is conceded. But'*e are told, that the recovery in suchan action, will be only for the damages prior to the commencement- of the suit, and that they will be obliged to bring new suits ad infinitum.. This, however, cannot be necessary, if in. the first action the' plaintiff choose to'go for, the total damages. Then it is said, that the damages may not be collected; a.nd if collected, that the relators will not. get the specific thing, the entry of the credits. This objection might have been made in each of the cases cited in the opening, where the liability of the defendant to an action on the case, was held a sufficient reason for denying the mandamus.
Nor does it follow, even if the ultimate effciencyof the legal remedy by action'be really doubtful, that a mandamus is to be issued. This is not one of those writs which is demandable of strict right: the courts exercise a sound, legal discretion, irk awarding it. 'Being. founded on the prerogative of the crown, the English court of king's bench will not issue it, unless there be a real necessity for,'it. There .must be a nodus, and ond, too, dignus vendice; or the court will not interp6se. This discretion the court below was bound to exercise: and if this Court see that they have violated it, the judgment may, and should be reversed. Now, it appears by the record not only that congress have full power to settle this whole controversy, and to give to the relators all they claim; but that they have applied to congress for relief, and that their application is still pending. In this

SUPREME COURT.
,4Kendall v. The. United States.]
posture of the case) is it discreet for ,the court to interfere by mandamus? Suppose a resolution by the directors of a bank, or other monied corporation, instructing their cashier to pay certain moneys to a creditor of the corporation; the cashier makes ,a question as to the meaning of the resolution and refers the party to the directors for further instruction; suppose the party to apply to them, but, before his applicatioi is decided, to ask for a' mandamus; would it be a sound exercise of legal discretion to interfere? Would not the )arty be told that he had selected his remedy, and that he must pursue it to a conclusion, before he could ask for this- prerogative writ? Bu! the relators say, that congress will not pass any further law. How ,can this be judicially knqwn? ;And why will not congress pass a further law? Because,, say the. relators,' they consider the case "so very plain that no new law is necessary. This; one would think would justify an expectation directly the, reverse. At any rate the subjecthaving been -actually referred to congress, by, the executive; and the relators having gone tothat body, it would seem to be manifestly indiscreet, and improper, for the courts to interfere until some more serious attempt be made to obtairf the direction of that depai'tment to which the disposition of the public,'treasure peculiarly belongs.
Mr. Justice THOMPSON delivered the opinion of the Court: This case comes up on a writ of error from the circuit court of the United States for the District of Columbia, sitting for the county of Washington.This case was l5rought before the court below by petition, setting out certain contracts made between the relators and the late'postmaster general, upon which they claimed certain credits and allowances upon their contracts for the transportation of the mail. That credits and allowances were duly made by the late postmaster general. That the present postmaster general when he cameinto office, re-examined the contracts entered into'with his predecessor,-and theallowances made by him, and the credits arid payments which had been made; and directed that the allowances and credits should be withdrawn, and the relators recharged with divers payments they had received. That the relators presented a memorial to congress o.n the subject, upon Which a law was passed on the 21st of July, 1-836. for their relief; by which the solicitor of the. treasury, was auth ri7z.ed and directed to settle and adjust the claims of the relatbrs

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

609

[Kendall Y, The United States,]
for extra-services performed.by them; to inquire intuand determine the equity of such claims; and to ,make the relators such allowance therefor, as upon full' examination of all the evidence may seem right, according. to the principles of equity. And that the postmastex general'be, and he is hereby directed to credit the relators with whatever sum or sums of, money, if any, the solicitor shall so decide to be due tothem, for and, on account of any such service or contract. And the petition further sets out, that the solicitor, Virgil Maxcy, assumed upon, himself the performance of the duty and authority created and conferred upon him by the law, and did- make 6ut and communicate his decision and award to the postmaster- general; by which award and decision the relators were allowed one hundred and sixty-one thousand five hundred and sixty-three dollars and eightynine cents. That the postmaster, general, on being notified of. the award, only so far obeyed and carried into execution the act of,congress, as to directy-and cause to be carried to he credit of, the relators, the sum: of one hundred and twenty-two thousand one hundred and two dollars and forty-six cents. But that he has,-and still doqs refuse and',neglect to credit the relators with.the residue of the sum so awarded- by the sQlicitor, amounting to thirty-nine thousand four hundred anda sixty-two dollars and forty-three cents. And the petition preyed the court, to award a mandamus directed. to the postmaster generalJ commanding him fullyto comply with, obey and execute the said act of congress, by crediting the relators with the full and entire sum awarded in their favour by the solicitor of the treasury.
Such proceedings were, afterwards had in thp case, that a peremp-
tory mandamus was ordered commanding the said Amos. Kendall, postmaster general, forthwith to credit the relators with the full a mount awarded and decided by the solicitor of the treasury to, be due to the relators.
The questiops arising upon this case, inay oe considered under two general inquiries:
1. Does the record present a proper case for a mandamus; and if
so, then, 2. Had the circuit court of this district jurisdiction of the case,
and authority to issue the. writ. Under the first head of inquiry, it has been considered by the
counsel on the part of the-postmaster general, that this is a proceeeing against him to enforce the performance of an official duty. And
VOL. XII.-4 H

SUPREME COURT
[Kendall v. The,United States.]
the proceeding has been treated as an infringement upon the execufive department of the government; which has led to a very ex-
,tended range of argument on the independence. and duties of that department; but which,' according to the view taken by the Court, of the case, is entirely misapplied.. We do not think the proceedings in this case, interferes, in, any respect whatever, with the rights or du-
ties of the executive;, or that it involvesany conflict of powers between the executive and judicial departments of the government. The mandamus does not seek to direct or control the postmaster general in the discharge of any official duty, partaking in any respect of, an executive character; but to enforce the performance o a mere ministerial act, which,-neither he nor the President had any authority to deny or control.
We shall not, therefore, enter into any particular 'examination of the line to be drawn between the powers of the executive and judicial departments of the government. The theory o the constitution undoubtedly is, that the great powers of the :government are divided into separate departments; and so far as these powers are derived 'from the constitution, the departments may be regarded as independent Of each other. Btt beyond that, all are subject to regulationb by law, touching the discharge of the duties required to be performed,
The executive power is vested in a President; and as far as hi.powers are derived from the constitution, he is beyond the reach of any other department except in the mode prescribed by the constitution through the impeaching power. But it by no means follows, that. every officer in every branch of that department is under the exclusive direction of the President. Such a principle, we apprehend, is not, and certainly cannot be claimed by the President.
There are certain political duties imposed upon many officers in the executive department, the discharge of which is under the direc, tion of the President. But it would, be an alarming doctrine, that congress cannot impose upon any executive officer any duty they may think .proper, which is not, repugnant:to any rights secured and protected by the constitution; and in such cases, the duity and responsibility grow out of and are subject to the control of the law, and not to the direction of the President. And this is emphatically the case, where the duty enjoined is of a mere ministerial character.
Let us proceed, then, to an examination of the .et required by the mandamus to be performed by the postmaster general; and his obligation to perform, or his righf to resist the performance, must

JANUARY 'rEIRMI, 1838.
[Kendall v. The United States.]
depend upon the act of congress. of the 2d of July, 1836. This is a special act for the relief of the relators, Stockton & Stokes; and was passed, as appeqrs on its face, to adjust arid settle certain claims which they had for extra- services, as contractors for carrying the mail. These claims were, of course, upon the United States, through the postmaster general. The real parties to the dispute were, therefore, the rejators and the United States. The United States could not, of course, be sued, or the claims in any way enforced against the United States, without their consent obtained through an act of congress: by which they consented to submit these claims to the solicitor of the treasury to inquire into and determine the 'eqtity of the claims, and to make such Aillowance therefor as upon a full. examination Of all the evidence, should seem right, according to the principles of equity. And the act directs,.the postmaster general to credit. the relators with whatever sum, if any, the solicitor shall decide to be due to them, for or on account of any such service or contract.
The solicitor did examine and decide that there, was due to th. relators, one hundred and.sixty-one thousand five hundred and sixtythree dollars and ninety-three cents; of this sum, the postmaster general credited them with one hundred and twenty-two. thousand one hundred and one dollars and forty-six cents: leaving due tl'e sum of' thirty-nine thousand four hundred and seventy-two, dollars and forty-seven cents, which he refused to carry to their creditj And the ciject of the mandamus was to compel him to give credit for this balance.
Under this law the postmaster general is vested with no discretion or control'over the decisions, of the solicitor; nor is any 4ppeail or review of that decision provided for by the act. The terms of the submission was a matter resting entirely in the discretion of congress; and if they thought proper to vest su'ch a power in any one3 and especially as the arbitrator, was an officer of the government, it did not rest with the postmaster general to control congress, br the solicitor, in that affair. It is unnecessary to say how far congress might have interfered, by legislation, after the report of the solicitor. But if there was no fraud or misconduct in the arbi-tratQr, of which none is pretended, or suggested; it may well be questioned whether the relators, had not acquired such a vested right, as to be beyond the power of congress to deprive them Of it.
But so far from congress attemnpting to deprive the relators of the

SUPREME COURT.
[Kenaall v. The United States.]
benefit of the award, they may be considered as impliedly sanctioning and approving of the decisions of the solicitor. It is at least, so to be'considered by one branch of the legislature. After tie postmaster general had refused to credit the relators with the full amount of the award of the solicitor, they, under the advice of the President, presented a memorial to congress, setting out the report of the solicitor, and the refusal of the postmaster general to give them credit for the amount of the award, and praying congress to provide such remedy for the dehial of their-rights) as in'their wisdom might seem right and proper.
Upon this memorial, the judiciary committee of the senate -made a report, iiiwhich they say, "that congress intended the award of the'solicitor to be final, is apparent from the dire'tion' of the act that the postmaster general be, and he is hereby directed to credit such mail contractors with whatever stum the .solicitor shall decide to be due to them.", If congress had intended to revise the decision of the solicitor, the postmaster general would not have been directed to make the payment, without the intervention or further .actio4 of congresA" That unless it appeartd, which is-not suggested by any one,. that some cause exists which would, vitiate or §et aside the award between private parties before a "judicial tribunal, the committee cannot recommerrd the interference of congress to set aside this award, and more especially as it has been imade by a high officer, selected by the government; and the committee conclude their report with a resolution, "That the postmaster general is fully warranted in paying, and ought to pay to William B. Stokes and others, the full amount of the award of the solicitor of the treasury:" which r6solution was unanimously adopted by the senate. After such-a decided expression of the opinion of one branch of congress, it would not have been Dcessary to apply to the other. Even if the relators were bound Lo make any application to congress for relief, which they clearly were not, their right to the full amount of the credit, according to the report of the solicitor, having been ascertained and fixed by law, the enforcement of that right falls properly within judicial 'cQgnizance.
It was urged at the bar, that the postmaster general was alone subject to the direction and control of thePresident, with respect to the execution of the duty imposed upon him by this law, and this right of the President is claimed, as growing out of the obligation imposed upon him by the constitution, to take care that the laws be

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

613

[Kendall v. The United States.]
faithfully executed. This is a doctrine that cannot receive the sanction of this court. If would be vesting in the President a dispensing power, which has no countenance for its support in any part of the constitution; and is asserting a principle, which, if carried out in its results, to all cases falling within it, would be clothing
the President with a power entirely to control the legislation of. congress, and paralyze te administration of justice.
To contend that the obligation imiposed on the President to see the laws faitbfully executed, implies a power to forbid their execution, is a novel construction of the cofistitution, and entirely inad-
missible. But although the argument necessarily leads to such a result, we do not perceive from the case that any such power has been claimed by the President. But, on the contrary, it is fairly to be inferred that such power was disclaimed. He did not forbid or advise the postmaster general to abstain from executing the Iaw, and giving the credit thereby required; but submitted the matter', in a message to congress. And the same judiciarycommittee of the senate report thereupon, ibwnhich they say, "The Pre:", nt, in his message, e.:presses no opinion 'inrelation to the subject under consideration, nor does hl recommend the adoption of'any measure whatever. He communicates the report of the postmaster general, the review of that report by the solicitor of the treasury, and the
remarks of the postmaster general in answer thereto, together with such vouchers as are referred to by them respectively. That the committee have cofisidered the documents communicated, and cannot discover any cause for changing their opinion upon.any.of the principles advanced in their former report upon this subject, nor the
correctness of their application to this case; and recommend the adoption of the resolution before reported,'"
Thus, upon a second an( full consideration of the subject, after hearing and examining the objections of the postmaster general, to the award'of th6 solicitor, the committee report, that the postmaster general ought to pay to the relators the amount of the award.
The right of the relators to t1he benefit of the award oughL' now to be considered as irreversibly established; and'the question is whether
they have any) and what remedy? The act required by the law to be done by the postmaster general
is simply to credit the relators with the full amount of the award of Ihe solicitor. This is a prycise, definite act, purely ministerial; and about which the postmaster general had no discretion whatever.

SUPREME COURT
fKendall v. The United States.]
The law upon its face shows the existence of accounts between. the relators and the post office department. No money was required to be paid; and none could have been drawn out of the treasury without further legislative provision, if this credit should overbalance the debit standing against the relators. But this was a matter with which the postmaster general had no concern. He was not called upon to furnish the means of paying such balance, if any should be found. He was simply required to give fhe credit. This was not an official act in any other sense than being a tfansaction in the department where the books and accounts were kept; and was an official act in the same sense that an entry in the minutes of a court, pursuant to an order of the court, is an official act. There is no room for the exercise of any discretion, official or otherwise: all that is shut out by the direct and positive command of the law, and the act required to be done is, in every just sense, a mere ministerial act.
And in this view of the ease, the question arises, is the remedy by mandamus the. fit and appropriate. remedy?
The common law, as it was in force, in Maryland when the ces, sion was made, remained in force in this district. We must, therefor6, consider this writ as it was understood at the: common law with respect to its object and purpose, and'varying only in the form required by the different character of our government. It is.a writ, in England, issuing out of the king's bench, in the name of the king, and is called a prerogative writ, but considered a writ of right; and. is directed -to some person, corporation -.or inferior court, requiring them to do some particular thing, therein specified, which appertains to their office or duty, and which is supposed to be consonant t6 right and justice, and where there is no other adequate specific rernedr. Such 4 writ, and for such a purpose, would seemr to be peculiarly appropriate to the present case. The right claimed is just and established by positive law; -and the duty required to be performed is clear and specific, and there is no other adequate remedy.
The remedies suggested at the bar were, then, an application' to congress; removal of the postmaster general from office; and an ac.tion against him for damages.
'The first has been tried and failed. The second might not afford any certain relief, for his successors might withhold the credit in the same manner; and, besides, such extraordinary measures are not the remedies spoken of in the law which will supersede the right of re~orting to a mandamus; and it is seldom that a private action at

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v. The United States.]
law will afford an adequate remedy. If the denial of the right be considered as a continuing injury, to be redressed by a series of successive actions, as long as the right is denied.; it would avail nothing, and never furnish a.coffiplete remedy. Or if the whole amount of the award claimed should be considered the measure of damages, it might, and generall.ywou d be an inadequate remedy, where the. damages were large. The langua e of this Court, in the case of Osborn v. United States Bank, 9 Wheat. 844, is, that the remedy by action in. such cases would have nothing real in it. It would be a remedy'in name only, and not in substance; especially where the amount of damages is beyond the capacity of a party'to pay.
That the proc 'eding on a mandamus is a case within the meaning of the act of congress, has been too often recQgnised in this Court to require any particular notice. It is an action or suit brought in a court of justice, asserting a right; and is prosecuted according to the forms of judicial proceedings.
The next inquiry is, whether the court 'below had, jurisdiction of the case, and power to issue the mandamus?
This objection rests upon the decision of this Court, in the cases.
of M'Intire v. Wood, 7 Cranch, 504; and M'Cluny v. Silliman, 6 Wheat. 369. It is admitted that those cases have decided that the circuit courts df the United States, in the several states, have not authority to issue a mandamus against an officer of the United States. And unless the circuit court in the District of Columbia has larger powers in this respect, it had not authority to issue a mandamus in the present case.
It becomes necessary, therefore, to examine with attention the ground on which those cases rested. And it is to be obseryed, that although the question came up under the names of different parties, it related to the same claim in both: and, indeed, itwas before the Court at another time, which is reported in 2, Wheat. 369.
The question, in the first case, originated in the circuit court of the United States, in Ohio, and came to this Court on' a certificate of division of opinion. The second tini, it was an original application to this Court, for the mandamus. The third time, the application was. to the state court, and was brought here by writ of error, tunder the twenty-fifth section of thp judiciary act.
By the first report of the case, in 7 Cranch, it,appears that the application to the circuit court was for a mandamus to the register of a land office in Ohio, commanding him to issue a final certificate of

616

SUPREME COURT.

[Kendall y. The United Statei,]
purchase for certain lands in that state, and ihe court, in giving its' judgment, say: the power of the ciIcuit: courts to issue the writ of mandamus, is confined exclusively t6 those .cases in wvhich it may be necessary to the exercise of4 their jurisdiction. -. But, it is added, if the eleventh section of the judiciary 'act had covered the whole ground of the constitution, there would be much ground for, exercis,
ing this power in many- cases Wherein some ministerial act is necessaty to the completion of an individual right, arising under the laws of the United States; and then the fourteenth section of the act Would sanction the issuing of the writ for such a purpose. But that although the judicial power under the constitution extends to all cases arising undei the laws of the U-nited States, the legislature have not thought prbper to delegate that power to the circuit courts, except in certain specified cases. The decision, then, turned' exclusively upon the point, that congress had not delegated to the circuit courts all the judicial power that the constitution would authorike: and admitting what certainly cannot be denied, that the constitution is broad enough to warrant the vestingof such power in the circuit courts; and if in those courts, it may be vested in any other inferior courts: for the judicial power, says the constitution, shall .be vested in one Supreme Court, and such inferior courts as the congress may from time to time ordain and establish.
It is not .designated by the Court, in tl~. case of M'Intire v. Wood, in what respect there is a want df delegation to the circuit courts of the. power necessary to take cognizance of, such a case, and issue the writ. 'It is said, however, that the power is confined to certain specified cases, among which is not to be found that of issuing a mandamus.in such a case as was then before the Court. It is unnecessary to: enter into a particular examination of the limitati-'n upon the power embraced in this eleventh section of the judieiary act. There is, manifestly, some limitation.. The circuit courts:.have certainly not jurisdiction of all suits or cases of a civil nature at common law, and in equity. They are not courts of general jurisdictior, in all such cases; and an averment is necessary, bringing the case within one of the specified classes . But the obvious inference from the case of M'Intire v. Wood, is, that under the constitution, the power to issue a mandamus to an executive officer of the United States, may be vested in the iuferior courts of the United States; and' that it is the appropriate writ, and proper to be employed, agroeably to the principles and usages of law, to compel the performanc of a mi-

JANUARY TERM, 1836.
[Kendall v. The United States.]
nisterial act, necessary to the completion of an individual right arising under the laws of the United States. And the case now before the Court, is precisely one of that description. And if the circuit court of this district has the power to issue it, all objection arising dither from the character of the party, as an officer in the executive department of the government, or from the nature of the act commanded to'be done, must be abandoned.
An application for a mandamus, founded on the same claii, was made to this Court under the name of M'Cluny v. Silliman, as reported in 2 Wheat. 369; and the application was refused on the authority of-Marbury v. Madison, 1 Cranch, 137, that this Court had no original jurisdiction in such cases.
The case came up again under the name of M'Cluny V. Silliman, 6 Wheat. 598, on a writ of error to a state court, under the 25th section of the judiciary act; and the only question directly before the Court, was, whether a state court had authority to issue a mandamus to an officer of the United States, and this power was denied. Mr. Justice Johnson, who gave the opinion, and who had given the opinion of the Court in M'Intire v. Wood, alluded to that case, and gave some account of the application in that case, and the grounds upon which the Court decided it; and observes, that the mandamus asked for in that case, was to perfect the same claim, and' in point of'fact, was 'between the same parties; and in answer to what had been urged at the bar, with respect to the character of the parties, says, that case aid not turn upon that point; but that both the argument of counsel, and the decision of the Court, show that the power to 'ssue the mandamus in that case, was contended for as incident to tho judicial power of the United States; and that the reply to the argument was, that although it might be admitted that this controlling power over its ministerial officers would follow from vesting in its courts the whole judicial power of the United States; the argument fails here, since the legislature has only made a partial delegation of its judicial pgwers to the circuit courts. That all cases arising under the laws of the United States,-are not, per se, among the cases comprised within the jurisdiction of the circuit courts, undethe provisions of the eleventh section.
It is, he says, not easy to cQnceive on what legal ground a state .tribunal can, in any instance, exercise the power of issuing a mandamus to a register., of a land office. The United Stateg have not thought proper to delegate that power to their own courts. But
VOL. XII.-4 I

SUPREME COURT.
[Kendall v. The United States.]
when in the case of Marbury v. Madison, and M'Intire v. Wood, this Court decided against the exercise of that power, the idea never presented itself to any one, that it was not within the scope of the ,judicial power of the 'United States, although not vested by law in the courts of the general government. And no one will contend, that it was among the reserved powers of the states, because not communicated by law to the courts of the United States.
The result of these cases, then, clearly is, that the authority to issue the writ of mandamus to an officer of the United States, commanding him to perform a specific act required by a law of the United States, is within the scope of the judicial powers of the United States, under the constitution. But that the whole of that power has not been communicated by law to the circuit courts; or in other Nwords, that it was then a dormant power not yet called into action, and vested in those courts; and that there is nothing gro ving out of the official character of the party that will exempt him from this writ, if the act t6 be performed is purely ministerial.
It must be admitted, under the doctrine of this Court in the cases referred, to, that unless the circuit court of this district is vested with broader powers and jurisdiction in this respect, than is vested in the. circuit courts of the United States in the several states, then the mandamus in the present case was issued without authority.
But in considering this question, it must be borne in mind that the only ground upon which the court placed its decision, was that the constitutional judicial powers on this subject had not been imparted to those courts.
In the first place, the case of Wheelwright et al. v. The Columbia Insurance Co. 7 Wheat. 534, furnishes a very strong, if not conclusive inference that this Court did not consider the circuit court of this district as standing on the same footing with the circuit courts in the states; and impliedly admitting that it had power to issue a mandamus in a case analogous to the present. A mandamus. in that case had been issued by the circuit court of this.district, to compel the admission of the defendants in error-to the offices of directors in the Columbian Insurance Company, and the case was brought before this Court by writ of error; and the Court decided that a writ of error would lie, and -directed affidavits to be produced as to the value of the matter in controversy. But it not appearing that it amounted to one thousand dollars, the sum reqicired to give this Court appellate jurisdiction from the final judgments or decrees of

JANUARY TERM, 183g.

619

[Kendall v. The United States.]
the circuit court of this district, the writ of error was afterwards quashed.
It would, seem to be a reasonable, if not a necessary conclusion, that the want of a sufficient value of the matter in controversy, was the sole ground upon which the writ of error was quashed, or dismissed. If it'had been on the ground that the court below had not jurisdiction in the case, it can hardly be believed that the Court would have directed affidavits to be produped of the value of the matter in controversy. This would have been an act perfectly nugatory, and entirely unavailable, if the matter in controversy had been shown to be above the value of ine thousand dollars. If the want of jurisdiction in the circuit court had been the ground on which the writ of error was quashed, the same course would have been pursued as was done in the case of Custis v. The Georgetown & Alexandria Turnpike Co. 6 Cranch, 233; where the writ of error was quashed on the ground that the court below had not cognizance
of the matter. But let us examine the act f -congress of the 27th of February,
1801, concerning the District of Columbia, and by which the circuit
court is organized, and its powers and jurisdiction pointed out. And it is pro'per, preliminarily, to remark, that under the constitution of the United States, and the cessions made by the states of Virginia and Maryland, the exercise of exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever, is given to congress. And it is a sound principle, that in every well organized government the judicial power should be coextensive with the legislative, so far at least as private rights are to be enforced by judicial proceedings. There is in this district, no division of powers between the general and state governments. Congress has the entire control over the district for every purpose of government; and it is reasonable to suppose, that in organizing a judicial department here, all judicial power necessary for the purposes of government would be vested -in the courts of justice. The circuit court here is the highest court of original jurisdiction; and if the power to issue a mandamus in a case like the present exists in any court, it is vested in that court.
Keeping this consideration in view, let us look at the act of con-
gress. The first sectiou declares, that the laws of the state of Maryland,
as they now exist, shall be, ind continue in force in that part of the district which was ceded by that state to the United States; which is

SUPREME COURT.
[Kendall v. The United States.]
the partlying on this side the Potomac, where the court was sitting when the mandamus was issued. It.was admitted on the argument, that at the date of this act, the common law of England was in force in Maryland, and of cou~se it remained and continued in force in 'this part'of the district: and that the power to issue a mandamus in a proper case is a branch of the common law, cannot be doubted, and has been fully recognised as in practical operation in that state, in the case of Runkle v. Winemiller and others, 4 Harris & M'Henry, 448. That case came before the court on a motion to show cause why a writ'of mandamus should not issue, commanding the defendants to restore the Rev. William Runkel into the place and functions of minister of a certain congregation. The court entertained the motion, and afterwards issued a peremptory mandamus. And in the opinion delivered by the court on the motion, reference is made to the English doctrine on the subject of mandamus; and the court say, that it is a prerogative writ, and grantable when the public justice of the state is concerned, and commands the execution of an act, where otherwise justice would be obstructed. 3Bac. Ab. 527. It is denominated a prerogative writ, because the king being the fountain *of justice it is interposed by his authority tf'ansferred to the court of king's bench, t4 prevent disorder from a failure of justice where the law has established no specific remedy, and where in justice and good government there ought to be one. 3 Burr, 1267. It is a writ of right, and lies, where there is a right to execute an office, perform a service, or exercise a franchise; and a person is kept out of possession, and dispossessed of such right, and has no other specific legal remedy. 3 Burr, 1266.
These, and other cases where a mandamus has been considered in England as a fit and appropriate remedy, are referred to by the general court; and it is then added, that the position that this court is invested with similar powers, is generally admitted, and the decisions have invariably conformed to it; from whence, say the court, the inference is plainly deducible, that this court may, and of right ought, for the sake of.justice, to interpose in a summary way, to supply a remedy; where, for the want of a specific one, there would otherwise be a failure of justice.
The theory of the British government, and of the common law is, that the writ of mandamus is a prerogative writ, and is sometimes called one of the flowers of the crown, and is therefore confided only to the king's bench; where the king, at one period of

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v. The United States.] the jddicial history of that country, is'said to have sat in person, and is presumed still to sit. And the power to issue this writ is given to the king's bench only, as having the general supervising power over all inferior jurisdictions and officers, and is coextensive with judicial sovereignty. And the same theory prevails in our state governments, where the common law is adopted, and governs in the administration of justice; and the power of issuing this writ is generally confided to the highest court of original jurisdiction. But, it cannot be denied but this common law principle may be modified by the legislature, in any manner that may be deemed proper and expedient. No doubt the British parliament might authorize the court of common pleas to issue this writ; or that the legislature of the states, where this doctrine prevails, might give the power to issue the writ to any judicial tribunal in the state, according to its pleasurei and in some of the states, this power is vested in other judicial tribunals than the highest court of original jurisdiction. This is done in the state of Maryland, subsequent however to the 27th of February, 1801. There can be no doubt, but that in the state of Maryland a writ of mandamus might be issued to an executive officer, commanding him to perform a ministerial act required of him by law; and if it would lie in that state, there can be no good reason why it should not lie in this district, in analogous cases. But the writ of mandamus, as it is used in the courts of the United States, other than the circuit court of this district, annot, in any just sense, be said to be a prerogative writ, according to the principles of the common law.
The common law has not been adopted by the United States, as a system in the states generally, as has been done with respect to this district. To consider the writ of mandamus, in use here, as it is in England, the issuing of it should be confined to this Court, as it is there to the king's bench. But, under the constitution, the power to issue this as an original writ, in the general sense of the common law, cannot be given to this Court, according to the decision in Marbury v. Madison.
Under the judiciary act, the power to issue this writ, and, the purposes for which it may be issued in the courts of the United States, other than in this distridt, is given by the fourteenth section of the act, under the general delegation of power "to issue all other writs not specially provided for by statute,.which. may be necessary for tIhe exercise of their respective jurisdictions, and agreeable to the

16.2

SUPREME COURT.

[Kendall V.The United State.]
principles and usages of law." And it is under tmis power, that this Court issues the writ to the circuit courts, to compel them to, pro,eeed, to a final judgment or decree in a, cause, in order that we may exercise the jurisdiction ,of review given by the law: and the same power,is, exercised by the circuit, courts, over the district courts) Where a writ of error or appeal lies to the circuit court. . But.this power is not exercised, as, in England,'by the king's bench, as having a general supervising power over inferior courts,, but only for the purpose of bringing the case-to a final judgment or decree, so that it may be reviewed. The- mandamus does- not direct the inferior cotirt how to proceed, but only that it must proceed, according to its own judgment, to a:.final determination; otherwise it cannot be reviewed. in the appellate court. So that it is in a special, nodified manner, in which the writ of mandamus is to be used in this Court; and in the circuit courts in the states; and does not stand 'on the same footing, as in this district, under the general adoption of the laws of Maryland, which included the common law, as altered or modified on the 27th of February, 1801.
Thus far the power of the circuit court to issue the writ of mandamus, has been considered-as derived lander the first section of.the act of 27th of Februaryo1801. But the third and fifth sections are to be taken into consideration, in deciding this question. The third section, so far as it relates to the present inquiry, declares: "That there shall be a court in'this district, which shall be called the, circuit court of the District of Columbia; and' the said court, and the judges thereof,'shall have all the powers by law vested in the circuit courts and the jddges of the circuit courts of the United States." And the fifth section declares: "That the said court'shall have cognizance of all cases, in law and equity, between parties, both or either of which shall be resident or be found within the district."
Some criticisms have been made at the bar, betweenthe use of the terms power and cognizance as employed in those sections. It is riot perceived how such distinction, if any exists, car affect the construction of this law. That there is a distinction, in some respects, cannot be. doubted; and; generally speaking, the word power is used in reference to the means employed in carrying jurisdiction into execution. But, it may well be doubted, whether any marked distinction is observed and kept up in our laws, so as in any measure to affect the construction of those laws. Power must include jurisdiction, which is generally' used in reference to the exercise of,

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v. The United States.]
that power in courts of justice. But power, as used ia the constitu, tion, would seem to embrace both.
This, all legislative power shall be vested in congress. The executive power shall be vested in a President. The judicial power shall be vested in one Supreme Court, and in such inferior courts as congress shall, from time to time, ordain and establish: and this judicial .power shall extend to all cases, in law and equity, arising under this constitution, the laws of the United States, and treaties made) or which shall be 'made, under their authority, &c. This power must certainly embrace jurisdiction, so far as that term is applicable to the exercise of legislative or executive power. And as relates to judicial power, the term jurisdiction is not used, until the distribution of those powers among the several courts, is pointed out and defined.
There is no such distinction in the two sections of the law in the use of the terms power and jurisdiction,'as to make it necessary to consider them separately. If there is any distinction, the two sections, when taken together, embrace them both. The third gives the power, and the fifth gives the jurisdiction on the cases in which that power is to be exereised. By the fifth section, the court has cognizance of all actions or suits of a civil nature, at common law or in equity, in which the United States shall be plaintiffs or complainants; and also of all cases in law and equity between parties, both or either qf which shall be resident or be found within the district. This latter limitation can only affect the exercise of the jurisdiction, and cannot limit the subject matter thereof. No court can, in the ordinary administration of Justice, in common law proceedings, exercise jurisdiction over a party unless he shall voluntarily appear, or is found within the jurisdiction of the court, so as to be served with process. Such process cannot reach the party beyond the territorial jurisdiction of the court. And besides, this is a personal privilege which may be waived by appearance; anil if advantage is to be taken of it, it must be by plea or some other mode at an early stage in the cause. No such objection appears to have been made to the jurisdiction of- the court in the present case. There, was no want of jurisdiction, fhen, as to the person; and as to the subject matter of jurisdiction, it extends, according to the language of the act of congress, to all cases' in law and equity. This, of course, means cases of judicial cognizance. That proceedings on an application to a court of justice for a-mandamus, are judicial proceedings, cannot admit of

SUPREME COURT
[Kendall v. The United States.]
a doubt; and that this is a case in law is equally clear. It isthe prosecution of a suit to enforce a right secured by a special act of congress, requiring of the postmaster general the performance of a precise, definite, and specific act, plainly enjoined by the law. It cannot be denied but that congress had the power to command that act to be done; and the power to enforce the performance of the act must rest somewhere, or it will present a case which has often been said to involve a 'monstrous absurdity in a well organized goyernment, that there should be no remedy, although a'clear and undeniable right should be shown to exist. And if the remedy cannot be applied by the circuit court of this district, it exists nowhere. But, by the express terms of this act, the jurisdiction of this circuit court extends to all cases in law, &c. No more general language could have been used. An attempt at specification would have weakened the force and extent of the general words-all cases. Here, thenj is the delegation, to this circuit court, of the whole judicial power in this district, and in the very language of the constitution; which declares that the judicial power shall extend to all cases in law and equity arising under the laws of the United States, &c.; and supplies what was said by this Court in the cases of MIntire v. Wood, and in M'Cluny v. Silliman, to be wanting, viz: That the whole judicial power had not been delegated to the circuit courts in the states: and which is expressed in the strong language of the Court, that the idea never presented itself to any one that it was not within the scope of the judicial powers of the United States, although not vested by law in the courts of the general government.
And the power in the court below to exercise this jurisdiction, we think, results irresistibly from the third section of the act of the 27th of February, 1801, which declares that the said court, and the judges thereof, shall have all the powers by law vested in the circuit courts and the judges of the circuit courts of the United States. The question here is, what circuit courts are, referred to. By the act of the 13th of February, 1801, the circuit courts established under the judiciary act of 1789 were abolished; and no other circuit courts were in existence except those established by the act of 13th February, 1801. It was admitted by the attorney general, on the argument, that if the language of the law had been, all the powers now vested in the circuit courts, &c., reference would have been made to the act of the 13th February, 1801, and the courts thereby-established. We think that would not have varied the constr uction of, the act.

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v. The United States.]
The reterence is to the powers by law vested in the circuit courts. The question necessarily arises, what law? The question admits of no other answer, than that it must be some existing law, by which powersg re vested, and not a law which had been repealed. And there was no other law in force, vesting powers in circuit courts, except the law of the 13th of February, 1801. And the repeal of this law, fifteen months afterwards, and after the court in this district bad been organized and gone into operation, under -the act of 7th of February, 1,801, could not, in any manner, affect that law, any further than was provided by the repeating act. To-what law was the cirduit court of this district to look for the powers vested in the circuit courts 'of the United 'States, by which the court was to be governed, during the time the act of- the 13th of February was in force? Certainly to none other than that act. And whether the time was longer or shorter before that law was repealed, could make .no difference.
It was 'not an uncommon course of legislation in the states, at an early day, to adopt, by reference, British statutes: and'this has been the course of legislation by congress in many instances where state practice and state process has been adopted. And such adoption has. always been considered as referring to the law existing at,the time, of adoption; and no subsequent legislation 'has ever been supposed to affect it. And such must necessarily be the effect and' operation of such adoption. No other rule would furnish any certainty as to what was the law; and would be adopting prospectively, all changes that might be made in the law. And this has been the'light in, which this Court has' viewed such legislation. In the case.of Cathcart v. Robinson, 5 Peters, 280, the Court, in speaking of the adoption of certain English' statutes say: by adoptihig them, they become our own as entirely as if they had been enacted by the legislature. We are then to construe this third section of the. act of 27th of February, 1801, as if the eleventh section of the act of 13th of February,. 1801, had been incorporated at full length; and by this section it is declare', that the circuit courts shall have cognizance of all cases in law or equity, arising under-the constitution and laws of the United States, and treaties made, or which shall be made under their authority: which are the very words of the constitution, and which is, of course, a delegation of the whole judicial power, in cases arising under the constitution and laws, &c.; which meets and supplies the precise want of delegation of power which prevented the exercise
VOL. XII.-4 K

SUPREME COURT.
[Kendall v. The, United States.]
of jurisdiction in the cases of M'Intire v. Wood, and M'Cluny v. ,Silliman; and must, on the principl'es which governed the dqcision of the Court in those cases, be sufficient to vest the power in the qircuit court of this district.
The judgment of the, court below is accordingly affirmed with costs, and the cause remanded for further procecdings.
Mr. Chief Justice TANEY: As this case has attracted some share of the public attention, and a diversity of opinion exists on the bench; it is proper that I should state the grounds upon which I dissent from the judgmeht pronounced by the Court. There is no controversy about the facts; and as they have been already sufficiently stated, I need not repeat them. Upon some of the points much argued at the bar, there is no differeice of opinion in the Court. Indeed, I can hardly understand how so many grave questions of constitutional power'have been introduced into the discussion of a case like this, and so earnestly debated on both sides. The office of, postmaster general is not created by the constitution; nor are its powers or duties marked out by that instrument. The office was created by act of congress; and wherever congress creates such an office as that of postmaster general, by law, it may unquestionably, by law, limit its powers, and regulate its proceedings; and may subject-it to any supervision or control, executive or judicial, which the wisdom of the legislature may deem right. There can, therefore, be no question about the constitutional powers of the executive or j udiciary, in this case. The controversy 4epends simply upon the construction of an act of congress. The circuit court for the District ,ofColumbia was prganized by the -act of February 27, 1801, which defines its powers'and jurisdiction; And if that law, by its true construction, confers upon the court the power it has in this ,instance exercised, then the judgment must be affirmed. There is another point on which there is no difference of opinion in the Court. We all agree that by the act of July 2, 1836, it was the duty of the postmaster general to credit Stockton and Stokes with the amount awarded by the solicitor of the treasury; that no discretionary power in relation to the award, was given to the postmaster, general; and that the duty enjoined upon him was merely ministerial.

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kbndall v. The United States.l
These principles being agreed on, it follows, that this was a proiper case for 'a mandamus; provided congress have conferred on.the circuit court for the District of Columbia, the prerogative, jurisdiction and powers exercised by the courtof king's bench, in England; for Stockton and Stokes are entitled to have the credit entered in, the manner directed by the act of congress, and they have no other specific means- provided by law, for compelling the performance of this duty. In such a case, the court of king's bench, in England, would undoubtedly issue the writ of mandamus to such an officer, commanding him to enter the credit. Have congress conferred similar jurisdiction and powers upon the circuit court for this district? This is the only question in the case. The majority of my brethren think that this jurisdiction and power has been conferred; and they have given their reasons for their opinion. I,' with two of my brethren, think otherwise; and with the utmost respect, for the opinion ot the majority of this Court, I proceed to show the'grounds on which I dissent from their judgmetit.
.It has been decided in this Court, that -the circuit courtsof the United States, out of this district, have not the power to issue the writ of mandamus to an officer of the general government, commanding'him to do a ministerial act. Ther question has been twice before the' Supreme Court; and upon both occasions was fully argued and deliberately considered. The first case was that of M'Intyre v. Wood, 7 Cra. h, 504, dedided in 1813. It was again brought up in 1821, in tile case of M'Cluny V. Silliman, 6 Wheat. 598, when the former decision was re-examined and affirmed. Ahd it is wcrthy of remark, that although the decision first mentioned was-made twenty-five years ago, yet congress have not altered the law, or enlarged the jurisdiction.of the circuit courts in this respect-; thereby showing, that it has not been deemed advisable b'y the legislature, to confer upon them thejurisliction over the officers of the general government, which is claimed by the circuit, court for this district.
As no reason of policy or public convenience can be assigned for giving to the circuit court here a jurisdiction on this subject, which has been denied to the other circuit courts; those who maintain that it has been given ought to show us words which distinctly give it, or from which it can plainly be inferred. When-congress ifitended to confer this jurisdiction on the Supreme Court, by the act of 1789, ch, 20, they used language which nobody could misunderstand. In that law they declared that the Supreme Court shovld have power

,SUPREME COURT.
[Kendall v. The United States.] to issue "writs of mandamus, in cases warranted by the principles and usages of law to any courts appointed, or persons holding office, uhder the authority of the United States." Here are plain words. But no such words of grant are to be tound in the act of February 27, 1801, Which established the circuit court of the District of Columbia, and defined its powers and jurisdiction. Indeed, those who insist that the power is given, seem to have much difficulty in fixing upon the particular clauses of the law which confers it. Sometimes it is said to bederived from one section of the act; and then from another. At one time it is said to be found in the first section; at another in the third section, and then in the fifth section; and some. times it is said to be eqwaily.discoverable in all of them. The power is certainly no where given in direct and positive terms: and the difficulty in pointing out the parti.cular clause from whi.ch the power is plainly to be inferred, is strong proof- that congress never intended to confer it. For if the legislature wished to vest this power in the circuit court for this district, while they denied it to the circuit courts sitting in the states, we can, hardly believe that dark and ambiguous language would have been selected to convey their meaning; words would have been found in the law equally plain with those above quoted, which conferred the power on the Supreme Court.
But, let us examine the sections which are supposed to give this power to this circuit court.
1st. It is said to be given by the first section. This section-declares, that the laws of Maryland, as they then existed$ should be in force in that part of the district ceded by Maryland; and the laws of Virginia in that part of the district Ceded by Virginia. By this section, the common law in civil and criminAl cases, as-it existed in Maryland at the date of this. act of congress, (February 27, 1801,) became the law of'the districteon the Maryland side of the Potomac; and it is argued, that this circuit court being a court of general jurisdiction in eases at common law, and the highest court of original jurisdiction in the district, the-right to issue the writ of mandamus is incident to; its common law powers, as a!part of the laws of Maryland; and distinguishes it in this respect from the circuit courts of the states.
The argument is founded in a mistake as to the nature and character of the writ of mandamus as known to the English law; and as

SANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v. The United States.] used and practised in Maryland at the date of the act of congress in question.
The 'Power to issue the writ of mandamus to an officer of the government, commanding him to do a ministerial act, does not, by the' common law of England, or by the laws of Maryland, as they existed at the time of the cession, belong to any court whose jurisdiction was limited to a particular section of country, and was not coextensive with the sovereignty which established the court. It may, without doubt, 'be conferred on such courts by statute, as was done in Maryland, in 1806, after the cession of the district. But; by the prineiples of the common 11w and the laws of Maryland, as they existed at the time of the cession; no court had a right to issue the prerQgative writ of mandamus, unless it was a court in which the judicial sovereignty was supposed to reside; and which exercised a general superintendence over the inferior tribunals and persons throughout the nation, or state.
In England this writ can be issued by the king's. bench only. It ,cannot be issued by the court of common pleas, or any other court known to the English law except the court of king's bench. And the peculiar character and constitution of that court, from which it derives this high power, are go well-known and familiar to'every lawyer, that it is scarcely necessary to cite authorities or the subject. Its peculiar powers are clearly stated in 3 Black Corn. 42, in the following words: " The jurisdiction of this court is very high and transcendant. It keeps all inferior jurisdictions within the bounds of their authority, ,nd may either remove their proceedings to be determined here, or prohibit their progress below. It superintends all civil corporations in the kingdom. It commands magistrates and others to do What their duty requires in every case, where there is no other specific remedy. It protects the liberty of the subject hy spegdy and summary interposition," &c. It is f-om this " high and transcendan "jurisdiction ihat the court of king's bench derives the power to issue the writ of mandamus, as appears from the same volume of Blackstone's Commentaries, p. 110. "The writ of mandamus," says the learned commentator, "is in general, a command issuing in the king's name from the court'of king's bench, and directed to any person, corporation or inferior court of judicature, within- the king's dominionsi requiring them todo'some particllar thing therein specified, which. appertains to their office and duty, and which th court of king's bench as previously determined, or

SUPREME COURT.
[Kendall v. The United States.] at least supposes to be consonant to right and justice.. It is a high .prerogative writ of a most extensively remedial nature." And Mr. Justice Butler, in his introduction to the law relative to trials at nisi prius, also places the right to issue this writ upon the peculiar and high powers of the court of king's bench. in page 195, he says: "The writ of mandamus is a prerogative writ issuing out of the court, of king's bench, (as that court has a general superintendency over all inferior jurisdictions and persons,) and is the proper remedy to enforce obedience to acts of parliament, and to the king's chartei, and in such a case is demandable of right." Indeed, in all of the authorities it is uniformly called a "prerogative writ," in order to distinguish it from the ordinary process which belongs to courts of justice; and it was not originally considered as a judicial proceeding, but was exercised as a prerogative power. In the case of Audley v. Jay, Popham, 176, Doddridge, Justice, said: "This court hath power not only in judicial things, but also. in some things which are extrajudicial. The maior and comminalty of Coventry displaced one 'of the aldermen and he was restored; and this thing is peculiar to this court, and is one of' the flowers of it."
These peculiar powers were possessed by the court of king's bench; because, the king originally sat there in person, and aided in the adininistration of justice. According to the theory of the English constitution, the king is the fountain of justice, and where the laws did not afford a remedy and enable the individual to obtain, his right, by the regular forms of judicial proceedings, the prerogative powers-of the sovereign were brought in aid of the ordinary judicial powersof the court, and the mandamus-was issued in his name to enforce the execution of the law. And although the king has long since ceased to sit there in person, y'ct the sovelfeign is still there in construction of law so far as tor enable the court to exercise its prerogative powers in his name; and 'hence its powers to issue the Writ of mandamus, the nature of which Justice Doddridge so forcibly describes, by calling it extra-judicial, and one of the flowers of the king's bench. It is, therefore, evident, that by the principles of the common law, this power would not be incident to any court which did not possess the general superintending power of the court of king's bench, in which the sovereignty might by Construction of law be supposed to sit, and to exert there its prerogative powers in aid of the court, in order that a right might not be without a remedy.
The English common law was adopted in the colony of Maryland:

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v. The United States.]
and the courts of the province formed on the same principles. The proprietary government established what was, called the provincial court; in which it appears that, in imitation of what had been done in England, the lord proprietary, in an early period of the colony, sat in person.* This court possessed the same powers in the province that belonged to the court of 4ing's bench in England. Its jurisdiction was co-extensive with the dominions of the lord proprietary; and it exercised a general superintendence over all inferior tribunals and persons in the province; and consequently possessed the exclusive power of issuing the writ of mandamus.
When the revolution of 1776 took place, the same system of ju. risprudence was adopted; aid the fifty-sixth article of the constitution of Maryland provided, " that three persons of integrity and sound judgment in the law, be appointed judges of the court now called the provincial. court, and that the same court'be hereafter called and known by the name of the general court." No further description of the jurisdiction and powers of the general court is given. It, therefore, in the new order of,things, was clothed with the same powers and jurisdiction, that had belonged to the provincial court before the revolution. In other words, the general courtwas, in the state of Maryland precisely what the court of king's bench was in England. Afterwards, and before the cession of the District of Columbia to the United States, county courts were established iri Maryland corresponding in character with what are called circuit courts in most of th6 states. These courts possessed general jurisdiction, civil "and criminal, in the respective counties, subject, however, to the superintending power of the general court; which exercised over them the- same sort of jurisdiction, which the court of king's bench exercises over inferior tribunals. This was the system of jurisprudence in Maryland, at the time when the act of congress adopted the laws'of the state for the district; and, the power which the Maryland courts then .possessed, by virtue of those laws, in relation to the writ of mandamus, are set forth ifithe case of Runkle v. Winemiller, 4 Harris & M'Henry, 449. Chief Justice Chase, in delivering the opinion of the court in that case, after describing the character and principles of the writ of ma'ndamus, says:-" The court
I derive my knowledge of the fact that the LordProprietary sat in person in the
provincial bourt, from a manuscript work of much value, by J.V. L. M'Mahon, esquire; whose History of Maryland, from its first Colonization to the RcvolutiQn, is well known to the public.

SUPREME COURT.
[Kendall v. The Urnited States.]
of king's henchhaving a superintending power over inferior courts of jurisdiction, may, and of right ought to interfere to supply a remedy, when the ordinary'forms of proc'eding are inadequate to the attainment of justice in matters of public concern. 3 Bac, Abr. 529, 530. The position that this Court is invested with similar powers, is generally admitted, and the decisions have invariably conformed to it: from whence the inference is plainly deducible, that this court may, and of right ought for the sake of justice, to interpose in a summary way to supply a remedy, where, for the want of a specific one, there would otherwise be a failure of justice." This case was decided in 1799, in the -general court; and it shows, most evidently, that th6 power of issuing the writ of mandamus, was confined to that court, and was derived from its king's bench powers of superintending inferior courts and jurisdictions in the execution of the law; and that this power was not possessed by any other court known to the laws of Maryland., And so well and clearlywas this understood to be the law of the state, that when the general court was afterwards abolished by an alteration in the constitution, and county court&established as the highest courts of original jurisdiction, no one supposed that the prerogative powers of the general court were incidefital to their general jurisdiction over cases at' common law; and a statute was passed in 1806, to confer this jurisdiction upon them. This act declares, "that the county courts shall have, use, and exercise, in their respective counties, all and singular the powers, autho-. rities, and'jurisdictions which the general court, at the time of the abolition thereof, might or could have exercised in cases' of writs of' mandamus." The 'adoption of the laws of Maryland, therefore, does not give to the circuit court for the District of Columbia, the power to issue the writ of mandamus, as an incident to its general jurisdiction over cases at common law. It has none of what Blackstone calls the "high and transcendent" jurisdiction of the court of king's bench in England, and of the general court in Maryland. It is not'superior to all the other courts of the United States of origi,nal jurisdiction throughout the Union; itis not authorized to super'itend them, and "keep them within the bounds of their authority;" it does not "superintend all civil incorporations" established by the United States; nor "command magistrates," and other officers of the United States in every quarter of'the country, "to do what their duty requires in every case where there is no other specific remedy." Its jurisdiction is confined to the narrow limits of the district; and the

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v. The United $ta tes.]
jurisdiction which it derives from the adoption of the laws of Maryland, must -be measured by that of the county courts of the state which the court for this district in every respect resembles. Thes6 courts had no power to issue the writ of mandamus at the time when the laws of ,Maryland were adopted by congress; and when the county courts afterwards became, -by the abolition of the -general court, the highest courts of original jurisdiction, still, by the laws of that state, they could not issue, this writ, until the power to do o was conferred on them by statute. As this act of assembly passed five years after congress assumed jurisdiction over the district, it forms no part of the laws adopted by the act of congress. I cannot, therefore, see any ground whatever for deriving the authority to issue this writ of mandamus from the first section of the act of congress, adopting the laws of Maryland as they then existed.
2 But it is insisted, that if the power to issue the writs of mandamus is not incidentally granted to this circuit v'ourt by the first section of the act of February 27th, 183.1, which adopts the laws of Maryland; yet it is directly and positively given by the fifth section, which declares that the court shall have cognizance of " all cases in law and equity." It is said that a caseyroper for a niandamus is-a case at law; and. that the words abovemetitioned, therefore, authorize the. circuit court to take cognizance of it.
The cases of Wood v. M'lIntire, and M'Cluny v. Silliman, hereinbefore mentioned, appear to me to be decisive against this proposition. These cases decided that the circuit courts out of this district', have not the power now in question. It is true, that the eleventh sectioi of the act of 1789, ch. 20, which prescribes the jurisdiction of the circuit courts out of this district, does not use the very same words that are used in the fifth section of the act now under consideration. The eleventh section of the act of 1789, declares that the circuit courts shall have cognizance of "all suits of a civil nature at common law, or in equity," &c. But these words, "all suits of a civil nature at,cqmmon law," mean the same thing as the words "all cases at law," which are used,in the act of February 27th, 1801; and Mr. Justice Story, in his Commentaries on the Constitution, Abr. 608, 609, in commenting on the meaning of the words, "cases at law and equity," as used in the constitution, says:-"A case, then, in the sense Qf this clause of the 'constitution, arises where some subject touching the constitution, laws, or treaties of the United States, is submitted to the courts by a party who asserts his rights in the
VOL. XII.-4 L

SUPR9M9 COURT.
[Kendall v. The United States.]
form prescribed by law. In other words, a case, is a suit in law or equity, instituted accordingto the'regular course of judicial proceedings; and wheh it involves any question arising under the constitutign, laws, or treaties of the United States, it is within the judicial power confided. to the Union." Now, if a case at law means the same thing as a suit at law, and 'the latter words do not give jurisdiction to the circuit courts out of this district to issue the writ of mpandamus to an officer of the general government, how can words, which are admitted to mean the same thing, give the power to the circuit court within this district? How can the cognizance of "cases at law," in the act of. congress before us, be construed to confer this jurisdiction; when it has been settled by two decisions of this Cotrt, that words of the same meaning do not give it to the other circuit courts? We cannot give this construction to the act of February 27th, 1801, without giving a judgment inconsistent with the deci-, sions of this Court in the two cases abovementioned; and I cannot agree either to overrule these cases, or to give a judgment inconsistent with them.
But-it is-argued that if' the 1st section of the.act of congress does not g1ive the circuit court this jurisdiction, and if the 5th section does not give it, yet it may be derived from these two sections taken together. The argument, I understand, is this: The general couart of 'Maryland possessed the power to issue the writ of mandamus in a case of this descriptionR; and inag'aucoh as that court possessed this power, the cases which authorigod',the ,p'arties to demand it were "cases at law,'" by the laws of that' s§tate,; and consequently, the jurisdiction is conferred on the'c rcuit court in similar cases, by the adoption of the laws of Maryland in the first section, and the words in the fifth,-wh.ich givpe the; circuit court, cognizance of "cases at law."
The fallacy of this argument consists in assuming that the general court of Matyland had jurisdiction to issue the writ of mandamus, because it was "a case at law" whenever the party took the proper steps to show himself entitled to.it. The reverse of this proposition is the true one. A !'case at law, as I have already shown, means the same thing as a "suit;" and the general court had authority to issue the writ of mandamus, not because the proceeding was a,case or suit at law, but because, no case or suit at law would afford a remedv' to' th Party, This is the basis upon which rests the power of the court of king's bench'in' England, and upon. which rested the power of the general court in Maryland before that court was abolished.

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

635

[Kendall v' The United States.], These courts, by virtue;,of their prerogative powers, interposed "to supply a remedy in a summary way,) .where no suit or action known to the lawwould afford one to the party for the wrong ha'had sustained. It is not a suit in form or substance, and never has been so considered in England or-in Maryland. For if it had been considered in Maryland'As a suit at law, Chief Justice Chase, in the case of Runk.l v.'Winemiller, hereinbefore referred to, would hardly have put his decision on the prerogative powers of the general court in the manner hereinbefof'e stated. Since the statute of the 9th of Anne, authorizing pleadings in proceedings by mandamus, it has been held that such a proceeding is in the nature of an action; 'and that a writ of error will lie upon the judgmentof theI court awarding a peremptory mandamus. But it never has been said in any book of authority, that this prerogative process is "an action, or "a suit," or "a case" at law; and never suggested, that any court. not clothed with the, prerogative-powers of the king's bepch, could issue the process, according to the principles. of the common law, unless
the-power to do so had been conferred by statute. 4. But it is said that if the jurisdiction exercised in this case by
the circuit court for the District of Columbia, cannot be maintained upon any. of the grounds 'hereinbefore examined, it may yet be supported on the 3d section, of the act of February 27, 1801. . This seetion,-among other things, provides that this circuit "court and the judges thereof shall have all the powers by law vested in the circuit courts, and the judges of the circuit courts of the United States." And iV is insisted that as the act of February 13, 1801, was at that
time in fo)rcei the.powers of this circuit court are to be measured by that act, although it has since been repealed; that the c4rcuit courts established by the act of February 13th, 1801, did possess the power in question, and consequently that the circuit court for this district
now possesses it, and may lawfully exerci3e it. There are two answers to this argument, either of which are, in my
judgment, sufficient.'
In the first place, there are no words in the act of February 27, 1801, 'which refer particularly to the powers given to the circuit courts by the act of February 13, 1801, as the rule by which the powers of the circuit court for this district are to be 'measured. The obvious meaning of the words above quoted is, that the powers of this circuit court shall be regulated by the existing powers of the circuit courts as generally established, so that the powers of this circuit

SUPREME COURT.
[Kendall v. The United States.) court would be enlarged or diminished, from time to time, as congress might enlarge or diminish the powers of the circuit courts in its general system. And when the law of February 13, 1801, was afterwards repealed, and the act bf 1789 re-enacted, the powers of this circuit court were regulated by the powers conferred on the circuit courts by the last mentioned law. It was the intention of congress to establish uniformity in this respect; and they have used language which, in my opinion, makes that intention evident. The circuit court for this district cannot, therefore, refer for its "powers" to the act of February 13, 1801, since that act has been repealed.
In the second place, if the powers of the circuit court for the District of Columbia are still to be regulated by the law which was repealed as long ago as 1802; yet it will make no difference in the resilt of the argument. Much has been said about the meaning of the words "powers" and "cognizance" as used in these acts of congi'ess. These words are no doubt gel rally used in reference to cou-ts of justice, as meaning the same thing; and I have frequently so used them in expressing roy' oninion in this case, But it is manifest that they are not so used in the acts of congress establishing the judicial -system of the United States; and that the word powers is employed to denote the process, the means, the modes of proceeding, which the courts are authorized to use in exerciping their jurisdiction in the ,cases specially enumerated in the law as committed to their "cognizance.' Thus in the act of 1789, cbi. 20, the 11th section specifically enumerates the cases, or subjectmatter of which the circuit courts shall have "cognizance;" and subsequent sections under the name of "4powers" describe the process, the meang which the courts may employ in exercising their jurisdiction in the cases specified.' For example section 14 gives them the "power" to issue the writs " necessary for the exercise of their respective jurisdictions;" and names particularly some of the writs which they shall have the "power" to issue; section 15, gives them the "power" to compel parties to produce their books, &c..; section 17, gives them the "power" to grant new trials, to',administer oaths, to punish contempts, and to establish rules of court. The same distinction between "powers" and jurisdiction or "cognizance" is preserved in the act of February 13, 1801'.- The 10th section of this act gives the circuit courts.therby established, all the "powers" before vested in*the circuit courts of the United States, unless where otherwise provided bythat law; and .the next -following section, (the" 1th) enumerates" specifically the

JANUARY TERM,. 1.838.

[Kendall v, The United Stateo.]
cases or controversies of which they shall have "cognizance."

And

so also in the act of February 27, 1801, establishing the circuit court

for this district, 'the same distinction is continued; and the 3d section

(the one now under consideration) gives the court "all the powers by

law vested in the circuit, courts;" while the c5th section enumerates

particularly the matters and controversies of Which 'itshall have

"cognizance;" that is ta say, over which it Shail exercise ju'risdic-

tion, by 'he means and the "powers" given to it for that purpose, by this same act of congress. With ,these several , laws before us, in

each of which the same-terms have evidently been always usedin the

same sense, it appears to me impossible to doubt the meaning w'hich

congress 'intended to affix to them. If they had used the word "powers" and the word 11cogniz:ance," as -meaning the same thing;

would they, in the 10th section of the act of February 13, 1801,

have given jurisdiction in general terms under the name of "powers"

to the courts thereby established: and then have immediately follow-

ed it up. with a specification of the cases .of which it should take "cognizance:" and if such an unusual mode of legislation ,had been

adopted in this law from inadvertence or mistake, would it have been

adhered to and repeated in the act of February'27, 1801? It is

hardly respectful to the legislative body, for this Court to say so. It

is.'clear that the word 11powers" must have been constantly used in

these laws in the sense I have already stated; and. if the 3d section

of the last mentioned act is to be construed as referring particularly

to the act of February.13, 1801, it will not affect the present contro-

versy. For we find the "powers" of those circuit courts given by the 10th section; and they are there given by referring as generally

to the "powers" conferred on the circuit courts by preceding laws;

so that after all we are still carried back to the act of 1789, in order

to learn the powers of the circuit courts established by the act of Feb-

ruary 13, 1801; and consequently we are also to learn from that law,

the "powers" of the circuit court for this district. And upon turn-

ing to the act of 1789, we find there the power given to the Supreme

Court to issue the writ of ihandamus "to persons holding office under

the authority of the United States;" but we find no such power given

to the circuit courts. On the contrary, it has been decided as herein-

before 'stated, that under the act of 1789, they are not authorized

to issue the process ir question. The 3d section of the act of Feb-

ruary 27, 1801, will not, therefore, sustain the jurisdiction exerviqed

in this case by the circuit court.

.SUPREME COURT.
[Kendall v. The United States.]
But the principal effort on.,the 'part of the relators, in this branch of the argument, is, to giveto this third section such a construction as will confer on- this circuit court a jurisdiction coextensive with that.given to the'circuit courts, by the eleventh section of the act of tbruary 13, 18-0L., In other words, they propose to expound the act of February 27th, as ifthis section of the 'act of February 13th
was inserted in it, The eleventh section of the act 'referred to, enumerates and spedifie particularly the cases of which'the circuit qpurts, thereby established had " c o gnizance;" and the relators insist
:that*juiisdiction in all the eases mentioned in -that. section,, is also .conferredon the 'circuit court, for this.,district, by. reason of the provision in the third- sectiQn of the act of February 27th, above mentioned.' And they-contend that the.aforesaid elventh',section gave to the circuit courts established by that law, jurisdiction to issue 'the :writ in question ; and that the circuit court for this district, therefore, possesses the same jurisdiction, even although it is not given by the fifth section of'the act establishing it. The objed of this argument' .is, to'extend the jurisdiction of this circuit court beyond the limits, marked out for it, by the fifth section of the act which created it; provided the' eleventh section, of the act of February
13th shall be construed to' have given a broader jurisdiction . Now,"it appears to me that, whenwe find the eleventh section of
the act of February i3th enumerating and specifying the cases of which the circuit ,courts out of this 'district should have "cognizance';" and the fifth section of the act of February 27th, enumerating and specifying the cases of which the circuit court within'this
'district should hve "Cognizance;" if there is found "to be any substantial difference in the jurisdictions thus specified and defined in' theseltwo laws; the just and, datural inference is, that the legislature intended that the jurisdiction of' the courts should be different ; and. that they did not iotend -to give to the circuit court for this district the same jurisdiction that- had been given to' the others. This would bethe legitimate inference in comparing any laws establishing dif-: ferent courts; and the conclusion is irresistible in this case, where the two laws were passed within a few days of each other, and both must.have been, before the legislature at the same time. It-would be contrary to the soundest rules for the construction, of statutes, in such a case, to enlarge the jurisdiction of this circuit court beyond the limits of the fifth'section, by resorting to such general words as those containqd in the third;. and to words, too, which much more

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v. The United States.]
appropriately apply to its process, to its modes of proceeding, and to other " powers"l of the court; and which certainly have no necessary connection with the cases of which the court is authorized to take "cognizance. '
I do not, however, mean to say, that the eleventh section of the act of February 13th, conferred on the circuit courts which it established, the power to issue the writ of mandamus, in a case like the present one. I think it did not; and that a careful analysis of its provisions would show that. it did not: especially when taken in connection with the provisions of the act of 1789, which had expressly conferred that power, on the Supreme Court. But it is unnecessary to pursue the argument on this point, because no just rule of construction can authorize us to engraft the provisions of this section upon the act of February 27th, so as to give to the circuit court for the District of Columbia. a wider jurisdiction than that contemplated by the fifth section of the last mentioned act.
Upon a view of the whole case, therefore, I cannot find the power which the circuit court has exercised either in the first section, or the third section, or the fifth section; and it is difficult to believe that congress meant to have given this high prerogative power in so many places, and yet, in every one of them, have left it, at best, so ambiguous and doubtful. And if we now sanction its exercise, we shall give to the court, by remote inferences, and implications, a delicate and important power which I feel persuaded congress never intended to entrust to its 'hands.
Nor do I see any reason of policy that should induce this Court to infer such an intention on the part of the legislature, where the words of the law evidertly do not require it. It must be admitted that congress have denied this power to the circuit courts out of this district. Why should it be denied to them, and yet be entrusted to the court within this district? There are officers of the general government in all of the states, who are required by the laws of the United States to. do acts which Pre merely ministerial, and in which the private rights of individuals are concerned. There are collectors and other officers of the revenue, who are required to do certain ministerial acts, in giving clearances to vessels, or in admitting them to entry or to registry. There are also registers and receivers of the land offices, who are, in like manner, required by law to do mere ministerial acts, in which the private rights of' individuals are involved. Is there any reason of policy that should

640

SUPREME COURT.

[Kendall v. The United States,]
lead us to suppose that congress would denny the writ of mandamus to those who' have such rights in the states, and give it to those who have rights in -this district? There would be no. equal justice in
such legislation.; and no good reason of policy or convenience-can
be assigned for such a distinction, The case of the Columbian Insurance Company v. Wheelwright,
7 Wheat. 534, has been relied on as sanctioning the exercise of the
jurisdiction in question; and it is said, that this Court, in determining that a, writ of error would lie from the, decision of the circuit court of this district, awarding a peremptory mandamus, have impliedly decided that the circuit court had jurisdiction to issue the
process. I confess I cannot see the force of this argument. The 8th section of the act of February 27, 1801, provides , " that any final judgment, order, or decree, in said circuit court, wherein the matter in dispute, exclusive of costs, shall exceed the'value of one hundred dollars, may be re-examined, and reversed or affirmed, in the Supreme Court of the United States, by writ of error or appeal, which shall be prosecuted in the same. manner, under the same regulations, and the same proceedings shall be had therein as is or shall be provided in the case of writs of error, or judgments, or appeals, upon orders or decrees rendered in the circuit court of the United States." Now the order for a peremptory mandamus in the case cited, as well as in the one now before the Court, was certainly "a final judgment" of the circuit court. It decided that they had jurisdicton to issue the mandamus, and that the case before, them was a proper one for the exercise of this jurisdiction. -Being the" final judgment" of the 'circuit court, it was liable to be re-examined in this Courtby writ of error; and to be reversed, if upon such re-examination, it was found that the circuit court had committed an error; either in assuming a jurisdiction which did not belong to it, or. by mistaking the rights of the parties, if it had-jurisdiction to issue the mandamus. In the case of Custis v. The Georgetown and Alexandria Turnpike Company, 6 Cranch, 233, the Supreme Court sustained the writ of error, and reversed the judgment of the circuit court.of this district, quashing an inquisition returned to the clerk; and this was done upon the ground that the circuit court 'had 'exercised a jurisdiction which did not belong to it. There are a multitude of cases where this Court have entertained a writ of error for the purpose of reversing the judgment of the court below, upon the ground that the circuit court had not jurisdiction of the case, for the

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v. The United, States.j
want of the proper averments inl relation to the citizenship of the parties.
It is certainly error in a. circuit court to assume a jurisdiction which has not been conferred oin it by law. And, it. would seem to be a stranj6 limitation on the appellate, powers of this Court, if it were rostrained from correcting the judgment of a cir-it court When it committed this error. If such were the case, thefi an6error, committed by.a circuit court in relation to the legal rights'of the parties before it, could not.be'examined into and corrected in this Court; if it happencd to be associated with the additional error of having assumed a jurisdiction which the )aw had not given. SuchiIT.think, cannot be the legitimate construction of the section above quoted. And if the circuit court jmistakes its jurisdiction, either in respect to the persons; pr the subject matter,, or the process, or the mode of proceeding; the mistake may be corrected here by a writ of error from its final judgment, or'by appeal in cases of equity or admiralty jurisdiction. And whether the final judgment is pronounced in asummary or other proceeding, if it be in a case in which the circuit court had not jurisdiction, its judgrnent may be re-examined here, and the error corrected by thig- Court. The decision of this Court, therefore, in the case of The Columbian Insurance Company v., Wheelwright, that / writ of error would* lie from the judgment of the circuit court of the District of Columbia, awarding a peremptory mandamus, is by no means a decision that the court below had jurisdiction to issue it.
In fine, every view which I havd been able to take of this subject, leads 'ne to conclude that the circuit court had not the power to issue a writ of mandamus in the case before us. And, although I 'am ready to acknowledge the respect and cofifidence which is justly due to the decision of the majority of this Court; and am fully sensible of the learning and force with which their judgment is sustained by the learned judge who -delivered the opinion of the Court, I must yet, for the reasons above stated, dissent from it,I think that the circuit court had not ,by law, the right to issue this mandamus; and that the judgment they have given ought to be reversed,
Mr. Justice BARBOUR:. In this case, I have no doubt but that congress have the constituional power to give to the federal judiciary, including the circuit ourt of this district, authority to issue the writ of mandamus to the
VOL. XII.-4 M

642

SUPREME COURT.

[Kendall v. the United States.]
postmaster general, to compel him to perform any ministerial duty devolved on him' by law.
I have no doubt, that the act which in this, case was required to be done by the postmaster general, is such an one as might properly be enforced by the, writ of mandamus; if the circuit court of this district had authority by law to issue it.
But the question is, whether that court is invested with this-authority by law? I am of opinion tbat it is not; and I will state the reasons which have brought me to that conclusiom
It was decided by 'this Court, in the case of M'Intire v. Wood, 7 tcranch, 504,"upon a certificate of division from the circuit court of Ohio; that that court did not possess the power to issue a writ of mandamus, to the register of a land office, commanding him to issue a final certificate of purchase to the plaintiff, for certain lands in the state of Ohio.
The, principle of this case was approved, and the same point af-
firmed, in the case of M'Cluny v. Silliman, 6 Wheat. 598. In the views, then, which I am about to present, I shall set out
with the adjudged and admitted proposition, that no other circuit courts of the United States have power. to issue the writ of mandamus. And then the whole questionis resolved into the single inquiry, whether the.circuit court of this district has power to do that which all admit the other circuit courts of tl~e United States have not the' power to do? It has been earnestly maintained at the bar, that it has; because, it is said, that it has by law a larger scope-of jurisdiction.
To bring -this proposition to the test of a close scrutiny, let us compare the 'precise terms in which the: jurisdiction of the circuit courts of the United States is granted by the judiciary .act of 1789,, with those which are used in the grant of jurisdiction to the 'circuit court of this district, by -the act of the 27th February, 1801.
The Oleventh section of the judiciary act of 1789, so far as it respects this question, is in these words: "That the circuit courts shall have original cognizance, concurrent'with the courts of the several states, of all suits of a 'ctli nature, -at common law or in equity, where the matter in dispute exceeds five hundred dollars; and the United States are plaintiffs or petitioners, or an alien is a party, or the suit is between a citizen of the state where te skit is brought, and a citizen of another state."
The fifth sectioh of.the act of 4he 27th!February, 1801, giving.

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v. The United States.] jurisdiction to the circuit court of this district, so far as resptets this question, is in these words: "That said court shall have cogaizance of all cases in law and equity, between parties, both or either of
which shall be resident, or shall be found within the said district; and also of all actions or suits of a civil nature, at common law or in equity, in which the United States shall be plaintiffs or com-
plainants." Having placed these two sections in juxtaposition, for the purpose
of comparing them together, I will'now proceed to examine the particulars, in which it has been attempted to be maintained, that the grant of jurisdiction to the circuit court of this district, is more extensive than that to the other circuit courts of the United States,, so as to enable it to reach this case, which it is admitted the 6thers cannot' do.
In the first place, we have been told, that in the grant of jurisdiction to the other circuit courts, by the eleventh section of the' .judi,ciary act of 1789, th.e:words "concurrent with the courts 6f the several states," are found; whigh Words ai'e not contained in the fifth section of the act of the 27th February, 1801, giving jurisdic:tion to the circuit court of this district. It is argued, that these words are restrictive in their operation, and limit the jurisdiction of those courts to. those cases only, of which the state courts could take cognizance, at the time the judiciary act of 1789 was passed. That as the ordinary jurisdiction of the state courts did not then extend to cases arising under the constitution and laws of the United States, therefore the jurisdiction of the circuit courts, given b~y the eleventh ectiqn of that act, did not extend, to those cases, because it was de-: clured to he concurrent, and consequently only coextensive.
This position is, in my estimation, wholly indefensible. I think, it a proposition capable of the clearest proof, that the insertion of the words "1concurrent with the courts of the several states,". was not intended to produce, and does not produce, any limitation or restriction whatsoever, upon the jurisdiction of the circuit courls of the United States.
No such consequence could follow, for this obvious, reason, that the state courts could themselves rightfully, take cognizance of any question whatever which arose in a case before them, whether growing out of the constitution , laws, and treaties of the United States; or, as is said in the eighty-second nuniber of the Federalisf, arising under-the laws of Japan. The principle is, as laid down in the num-

SUPREME COURT
[,Kendall v.The United States.]
ber of the Federalist, just "referred to-" That the judiciary .power of every government looks beyond its own local or municipal laws, and in civil caseslays hold of all subjects of litigation, between parties within its jurisdi'tion, though the ca}ses of, dispute are relative to the laws of the most distant part of the globe." In conformity with this principle, it is said by this Court, 1 Wheaton, 340,'speaking of the state" courts: i From the verynature of their'judicial duties, they would be called upon to pronounce the law applicable to the case in judgment. They were, not to decide merely according to *the lawS or coiftitution- of the state, but according to the cnstitution, laws, 'and. treaties of the United States, the: supreme law of the land." And' in the same case, after putting cases illustrative of the proposition, and a' course of reas6ning upon'them, they conclude by saying, "it must therefore be conceded, thatthe constitution not only contelplated, but meant too provide for cases Within the scope of*'the jiudicial.power of the United States, which might yet depend before state tribunals. It was foreseen that in the exercise of their Ordinary jurisdiction, state courts would incidentally take cognizance of cases arising under the constitution, the.laws, and 'treaties ot' the 'United States "
Prom these quotations, it is apparetit, that no restriction can have. been imposed upon the jurisdiction of the circuit courts" of the United States by w.ords which make it concurrent with that of the, courts of the states ; When it is admitted, that there is no question which can arise before'them, in' a civil case, which they are not
'competent and 'indeed bound to decideI according to the raws appli-
cable to the question; whether they: be the constitution 'laws and treaties of the United States, the laws of Japan, or, any other foreign country on the face of the earth.
The same number of 'the Federalist already referred to, furnishes the obvious reason why these words were inserted. It is there said,, that amongst other questions which had ariseh in relation to the constitution, one was whether the jurisdiction of the .federal courts was to be exclusive, or whether the-state 4ourtsVould possess a concprrent jurisdiction?. The author reasons upon the subject; quotes the terms in which the judicial power of th6 United States is vested by the constitutipn; states that these ter'ns might be constitued as importing' one or the other of tWo'dAferent significations;' and then concludes thus: ',"The first excludes, the last admits, the concurrent jPurisdiction of the',. state tribunals, and as the first would

JANUARY. TERM; 1888.

645

[Kendall v. The United State%.]
amount to an anenation of state power, by implication, the last appears to me the most defensible construction.' :The reason, then, W¢hy these words were inserted in -the elevorith' 'seci0n of the judip ciary act, was 'to remove thd, doubt here expressed, to obviate all diffi ilty,upon the quest-ionwhether thd grant,.of. judicial power to -the federal courts, without saying more,.might.not possibly. be eonstriied to exclude the jurisdiction of the state.cour s Its sqle-ohject Was, as.'is sometimes said in the law-boks, to excludie or~lusion.
C6ngress cannot,-indee , confer jurisdition upon any coufts bdt such-as exist under the eonstifution and'laws of the' United States, as is said in Houston v; Moore"5'Wheat. 27; -although it is said in the same ease, the .state courts may exercise jurisdiction Jon -caseauthorized, by 'the laws of the.state, and' not prohibited by the'exicluive jurisdiction 'of..the federaI courts.. Thi, however, is not because

they have had, or can have any pottion, of 'the judicial, ower if 'the

United States, as. suc, imparted tQ them; but, because, by rea~qa.of

their oi'iginil, rightful j4dicial-power, as state courts, they a-veom-

-petent to- decide 611.questions growing out of all lAws which arise

'before them .and accordingly, t fireamers of the.judiciary act, pro-

ceeding, on the. idea. tbat.questions -arising 'under the constitution,

laws'andtreaties of theUnitad.States, might o'nd would be present-

ed and decided in., the, state courts, inserted, the 25th section,- by

which those ases, under cetfaiti dircumstances,, might be brought

,by writ 4f error; or appeal to this Court,

The difference in the phraseology of the' two sections has been ,adverted to. It' has. been said that-the wor& in the llth'section of

the judiciary a'ctof-'t789; are all,sifits of a eivil nature, at common

law, or in:equity; 'and those in 'the 5th section of the act-of, 1801,

giving, jurisdictiorn 'to the: circuit court of this distriet, areA' all nses

in'law.'and equity." Now, iti iimpossible't0 maintain that ,there

isany differencein legal effeat between these two modes of expres-

ion. '

ishaactase in law or equity? .1' giVe -Tne answer in the

'ianguage of the late Chief' 3ustice of this.Court: ' To come within

this description, a .question must assume a legal form, for forensic

itugation,.,and judicial decision." .And what is a suit? I give the

'answer also. in' the lahnguage of the, late Chief Justice, who, in .d Peters, 444,,says,: i delivering the opinion of the Court, '1if a right

is htigated between parties in a court of' justice, the proceeding by

which the dceision df the-court is sought, isa suit." It is then un-

questioxiably .true, that the.court 'which. has jurisdiction over all

646'

SJPREME COURT.

[Kendall v. The United States]
suits in law and equity, has as much judicial power 'by those terms, as a court: has by the, terms, all cases in law' aid equity. The only diffe6ence between the. two sections under cnsideration, in relation
to the question. before us, consists in ,the -two limitations contained in the I1th section of the judiciary act; 'the one as to~the character of the partips, the other a's to the value of t46 matter in dispute.
When, therefore, we suppose a case 'in which the plaintiff 'and defendant are citizens of different states, (the one being a citizen of
the state.where the suit is brought,.)'and in..which 'the.value of the matter in disput6 is five hundred dollars; with these parties, and a Subject niatter of this value, allthe. cireuit courts of the United States can ,take cognizaiice of it;, whether it' shall have arisen under 'the' constitution;. laws or treaties of the United States, th'e. laws. of., a state, ,or of any, foreign country, having . application to the 'ease. Whenever, therefore, it is said that those courts cannot take cogni-' zance of caseE4n law and equity arising under'the constitution, laws or treaties of the United States, it: is only meant to sayfThat they cannot do it on 'account of 'the character of the questions to be decided, unless the parties, and the value of the subject matter come within the 'descriptioi.of the-11th sectioi,; but when -they do, there cannot be a poqsible doubt. And this will explain the case of a patentee of an invention, referfed'to in the argument.; to whom a right to institute a: suit in the circuit courts, has been given by ape-, cial legislation. The only. effect'o that is, that such a patentee can sue in the circuit courts, on- account of the 'character of 'the case,
without, regard to the character of the party, a. to' citizenship, or the value of the matter in dispute; whereas, without such- special
legislation, he could have sued in the circuit courts, if his character as a party, and the value of the matter in.dispute, had brought his ease within the description of the 11th section of the judiciary act. In the case of M'Cluny v, Silliman, however, this difficulty did 'not epdst; for it is distinctly stated in that case, page 601,'that the parties to that controversywere competent to sue under the 11th section, being citizens of different states; and yet this Court refers to and adopts the response, which they had given to the, question stated in M'Intire v. Wood,; which answer was 'in these words: "that the circuit court did not possess the power to issue the mandamus
moved for."
It has' been attempted to be maintained in the argument, that the circuit court of this district has a more extensive jurisdiction than

JAlUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v. The United !States.]
the other circuit courts of the United States, by the following course of reasoning: We nave been referred to the third isection of the act of the 27th of February, 1801, establishing the dircuit court 6f tlis district, which section is in these word'A: " The said court, and the judges thereof, shall have all the powers .by law vested .in the circuit Pourts, and the judges of the circuit courts of the United States." It is then assumed in the argument, that' the powers of thku court, and its jurisdiction, are the same'thing; it is also assumed, that. the third section has reference not to the powers of the circuit courts of thd United States, and their judges, as they shall be from time to time modified byiegislation, but to those Which were established by the act of the 13th February, 1801, entitled "an act to provide for the .m- ore convenient organization of the courts of the United States;" which, though since repealed,,was passed fourteen days before the act establishing the circuit court of. this district, and was in,force at the date of the passage of this latter act.
We are then referred to the eleventh section of theact of the 13th of February,.-1801, by which jurisdiction is given to the circuit courts thereby established, over "all cases in,law or equity, arising under the constitution and. laws of the. United States, and treaties made,or which shall be made under their authority."
Even conceding, for the present, al these 'assumptions in, favour of the argument, it wholly fails to sustain the position contended ;for. To prove this,-1 need only refer 'to my previous leasoning in this case; by whicbtl have shown, that under the eleventh section of the judiciary act of 1789, the circuit courts had as ample jurisdiction in.all cases arising under the cQnstitution, laws and treaties of the' United States, as is given them by the section now under consideration, subject only to the two, limitations as to parties, and value of the .matter in dispute. So that beyond ll question, the. only difference is, that by the section now under consideration, the circuit courts could take cognizance on account of the character of the case, no matter Who were the parties, or what the value .in dispute; whereas) by the eleventh section of the judiciary act, they could take cognizance of the same questions, provided the parties were, for example, citizens of different states, and the matter in dispute was of the value of five hundred dollars. And yet, as I have already stated, m M'Cluny v. Silliman, in which the parties corresporAded to the re-
quirements of the law, and there Was no question raised as to the Value of the matter. in dispute, this Court reaffirmed the proposition,

SUPREME COURT
[Kendall v. The United States.,
that the circuit courts of the United States did not possess the power
to issue the writ of mandamus. But let us briefly examine, one of.the
assumptions whilph I have, argumenti gratia, eonceded, Ifor thepurpose
of giving the fullest force to ihe argument founded on it; I mean that
which takes for granted, that the powers and the jurisdiction of the
cour are the same thing. I say nothing of the other assumption, simply because it is wholly immaterial to. the view which I tal~e.
Are the powers and jurisdiction of the court equivalent? Whatever
may be the meaning of these terms in the abstract, they are clearly used as,of essentially diffeient import in.the .acts of congress; 'and this difference will, in my opinion, go. far to show the error in the Conclusions drawn from the, assumption, that they are of equivalent 'import. There 'are several reasons which conclusively prove 'that they were used in different senses by cofigress. In the.first place,, as well'inthe act of 1789, establishing the circuit courts of the United States, and the act of the 13th February, 1,01, reorganizing them, as in the act of the 27th February,-1801, establishing the circuit court of this district; the jurisdiction' of the court is defined in one section, and its powers are declared inanother. Now, it is an obvious remark, that if powers and'jurisdiction were considered as equivalent, here was mere useless tautology. For, upon this hypothesis, the grant of powers carried with, itjurisdiction; and, e converso, the grant of jurisdiction carried with it powers.
In the next place, we not only find that in some sections the terA cognizance, or jurisdiction, (which are synonymous,) is used, whilst in others, the term power is made use of; but in .the very same section, that is, the thirteeteth, in relation to the Supreme Court, both terms are used thus -" The Supreme Court shall have exclusive jurisdiction of all controversies of a civil nature, where a state is a patty, except," &c'.a;nd in the same section, "and shall have power, to issue writs of probibitioi to the district courts." &c.
Again: The act of 1789, after defining the jurisdiction of the dif'ferent courts in different sections, viz., that of the district courts in theninth, that of the circuit court in the eleventh, arid that of the Supreme Court in the thirteenth, together with the power to issue writs of prohibition and mandamus; proceeds in subsequent sections to give certain powers to all the courts of the United States. Thus, in the fourteenth, to issue writs of scire facias, habeas corpus, &c.; in the fifteenth, to require the production of books and writings; in the 17th, to grant new trials, to adm;nister oaths, punish contempts,

ANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Kendall v. The United States.]
&c. it is thus apparent, that congress used the terms jurisdiction, and powers, as being of different import. The sections giving jurisdiction, describe, the subject matter, and the parties of which the courts nxay take cognizance; the sections giving powers, import adthority to issue certain writs, and do certain acts incidentally becoming necessary in, and being auxiliary to, the exercise of their jurisdiction. In regard to all the powers in the fifteenth and seventeenth sections, this is apparent beyond all doubt, as every power given in both those sections, necessarily presupposes that it is to be exercised in a suit actually before them, except the last in the eventeenth section, and that is clearly an incidental one, it being a power "to make and establish all necessary rules for the orderly conducting business in the said courts," &c. And this brings me directly to the fourteenth section, under which it was contended, in the case of M'Cluny v. Silliman, that the circuit courts Could issue writs of mandamus. That section is in these words:-" That all the beforementioned courts of the United States shall have power to issue writs of scire facias, habeas corpus, and all other writs not specially provided for by statute, which may be necessary for the exercise of their respective jurisdictions, and agreeable to the principles and usages of law." As the writ of mandamus is not specially provided for by law, except in the case of the Supreme Court; it is obvious, that to enable any circuit 'court to issue it, it must. be shown to be necessary to the exercise of its jurisdiction. It is argued here, as it was in the case of M'Cluny v. Silliman, that a mandamus is proper, where there is no other specific legal remedy; and that therefore, in such a case, it is necessary to the exercise of the jurisdiction of the court, and so within the words of the statute. But what was the answer of the Court in that case? Amongst other things, they said:-" It cannot be denied, that the exercise of this power is necessary to the exercise of jurisdiction in the court below. But why is it necessary? Not because that court possesses'jurisdiction, but because it does not possess it.' Again they said:-"The fourteenth section of the act under consideration, could only have been intended to vest the power now contended for, in cases where the jurisdiction already exists; and not where it is to be courted, or acquired by means of the writ proposed to be sued out. Such was the case brought up from Louisiana, in which the judge refused to proceed to judgment, by whiah act the plaintiff must have lost his remedy below, and this Cjurt have been deprived of' its appellate control over the question
VOL. XIL.-4 N

650

SUPREME COURT.

[Kendall v. Th United States.] of right." As this answer was c6nsidered conclusive in the ease referred to, it would be sufficient for me to stop herer, with giving the same answer. But let us pursue the subject a little further. The proposition which I maintain is, that this section did not contemplate any original writ, but only those which are incidental and auxiliary. That it did not contemplate any writ as original process, is' apparent from this consideration; that by an act passed at the same session, and within five days thereafter, entitled an act to regulate processes in the courts of the United States, the forms of writs and executions, except their style and modes of process then used in the supreme courts of the states; were adopted.
But it seems to me, that there is an argument to be derived from the nature and character of the writ of mandamus, and the legislation of congress in relation to it, which is, of itself, decisive against the power of: the circuit court to issue it. It is declared by all the English authorities, from which in general our. legal principl, s are drawn, to be a high 'prerogative writ. Accordingly, it issues in England only from the king's bench, in which the king did formerly actually sit in person; and in which, in contemplation of law, by his judges, he is still supposed to sit. It never issues, but to command the performance of some public duty. Upon this principle, 5 Barn. &.Ald. 899, the court of king's bench refused a mandamus to a private trading corporation, to permit a transfer of stock to be made in their books; declaring that it was confined to cases of a public nature, and that although the' company was incorporated by a royal charter, it was a mere private partnership. Upon the same principle, I believe that it may be affirmed, without exception, unless where a statutory provision has been made, that .in every state of the Union, where the common law prevails, this writ issues only from the court possessing the highest original common law jurisdiction. The congress of the United States adopted the same principle, and by the thirteenth section of the judiciary act of 1789, gave to thb Supreme Court of the United States, power in express terms, to issue writs of mandamus, '. in cases warrantod by the principles and usages of' law, to any courts appointed, or persons holding office under the authority of the United States," thus covering the whole ground of this high prerogative writ. If then, there ever were a case in which the maxim that expressio unius, est exclusio alterius, applied, this seems to me to be emphatically that case. It is of the nature of the writ, to be issued by the highest court of the government; the Su-

JANUARY TERM,. 183.8.
[Kendall v. The United States.] preme Court is the highest; and accordihgly, to that CoArt, the power
to issue it is given. , It is given iii express words to that Court, and is not given in terms to any other court., It is given I- that Court in express terms, in the thirteenth section; and although not given in terms in the fourteenth section,'immediately following, the power to issue it is attempted to be derived, by implication; from that sectwin. And' last, but not least, where it is given, it is subjec't to no limitation, but that it is to issue "in cages warranted by the' principles and usages 'of law," and may be issued to any courts appointed by, or persons holding office under the authority of the United State§ :" Whereas, in the fourteenth section, all the- courts of the United States are empowered to issue certain writs, naming them, and then others, not naming them; and not mentioning the writ of mandamus, which may be necessary for the exercise of their respective jurisdictions. Nor is the force of this-argument at all 'weakened by the circumstance that this Court, in the case of, Marbury v. Madison, 1 Cranch, 137, declared that part of the judiciary act, which' emp9wered the Supreme Court to issue the writ of mandamus to be unconstitutional, so far as it operated as an act of original jurisdiction. Because this case was decided nearly fourteen years after the law-was passed, and we must construe the act as if it were all constitutional, because congress certainly so considered it; and we are now inquiring into what was their intention, in its various provisions, which can only be known by construing the act as a whole, embracing its several parts, of which the power in question was one. But if the other circuit courts of the United States under the powers given to them, cannot, as has been decided by this Court, issue the, writ of mandamus, then the circuit court of this, district cannot do it, under the powers given to it, because its powers are the same with those of the others. For, by the third section of tbe act establishing it, it and.its judges, are declared to have all the powers by law-vested in the circuit courts, and the judges of the circuit courts of'the United States; and even supposing that to refer to the powers of the ciicuit courts, as organized by the act of 1801, that does not vary them; because, by the tenth section of that act, those courts are invested with all the powers heretofore granted. by law to the circuit courts of the United States; that is, those by the jfidiciary act, unless'where otherwise provided by that acti and there is no pretence, that there is any power given in"that act, which affects this question. If then, the jurisdiction and the powers of the' circuit court of this

SUPREME COURT.
[Kendall v. The United States.]
district are the 'same with the jurisdiction and powers of the~other circuit courts of the United States; and if, as has been solemnly decided by this Court, that jurisdiction and those powers do not authorize the other circuit courts to issue the writ of mandamus, it would seem to follow, as an inevitable consequence, that neither can the circuit court of this district issue that writ.
Finally, it was argued, that if all the other sources of power failed,.there is a sufficient one to be found in that section of the act of 1801, establishing the circuit court of this district, by which it is enacted, that the laws of Maryland as they now exist, shall 'be, and continue in force in that part of the district which was ceded by that state to the United States, &c. The. argument founded upon this section, is in substance this: The laws of'Maryland are deelarel't6 be in force in this part of the district; the common law of England constitutes a part of those laws; by the common law, in such a case as this, a writ of mandamus would lie: therefore,the cir.cuit court of this district can issue a mandamus in this case. This part of the argument proceeds upon the principle, that the adoption of the common law, per se, authorizes the issijing of the writ. But, it must be remembered, that the adoption of the common law here, cannot give any greater power, than the same common law would give to the courts of-Maryland, from which state it is adopted. Now, in M'Cluny v. Silliman, it was decided, that a state court could not issuq a mandamus to an officer of the United States; consequently, it follows, that no court in Maryland could have issued the writ in this case: and yet, the argument which I am now considering, seeks to maintain the position, that vhilst it is conceded that a Maryland court, with the common law in full force there, could not have issued this writ, the circuit court of this district has the authority to do so, by reason of the adoption of that very law which would not give the authority to do itth,ere.
It does seem to me, that to 3tate this proposition is to refite it. The object of this provision appears, to me to have been. plainly this: That the citizens of that part of this district, which formerly belonged to Maryland, should, notwithstanding the cessi '>n, continue to enjoy the benefit of the same laws to which they had been accustqmed; and that, in the admiiistration of justice in their courts, ther should be the same rules of decision: thus placing the citizens of this district substantially in the same situation in this respect, as the citizens of the several states; with this difference only; that,

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

653,

[Kendall v. The United Stat~s.] Whilst in the, states there are federal and state courts, in the one or the other of which justice is administered, according to the character of the parties, and other circumstances; in this district, by its judicial organization, the same justice which in the states is administered by the two classes of courts, is here-dispensed by the instrumentality of one court, viz: the circuit court of this district. But that, as in:-the states, the federAl circuit court cannot issue the writ of mandamus, because the jurisdiction and powers giveh to them by congress do not authorize it; so here, the circuit court of this district cannot issue it, by virtue of the jUlisdiction and powers given to it by congress; (exclusively of the adoption of the laws of Maryland;) because, exclusively of those laws, its jurisdiction and powers, as I think I have shown, are neither more nor less, in reference to this subject, than those of the other circuit courts of the United States. And as in the states, the state courts cannot issue it, although the common law is in force there; so the circuit court of this district cannot issue it, although the common law, by the adoption of the laws of Maryland, is in force here; it being, in my opinion, impossible to maintain the proposition, that the adoption of the common law here, can impart a greater authority than it does to the courts of the very state from which it was adopted.
The result of that adoption, as it regards this question may, as it seems to me, be summed up- in this one conclusion:. That, as in Maryland the common law is in full force which authorizes the writ of mandamus; and yet a Maryland court can only issue it to a Maryland officer, and not to an officer of the United States; so here, the same common law, upon the same principles, would authorize the circuit court of this district to issue the writ to an officer of the District of Columbia, the duties of whose office pertained to the local concerns of the district; but not to an officer of the United States.
Under every aspect in which I have viewed the question, I feel a thorough conviction, that the circuit court of this district had not power to issue the writ in question; and, consequently, I am of opinion that the judgment demanding a peremptory mandamus, should
be reversed.

Mr. Justice CATRON concurred in opinion with the Chief Justice, and Mr. Justice BARBOUR.

SUPREME COURT.
GEORGE BEASTON, GARNISHEE OF THE ELKTON BANK OF MARYLAND v. THE FARAERS' BANK OF DELAWARE.
Priority of the United States. ,From the language employed in the fifth section of the act of congress of March 3, l797, giving a priority to debts due to the United States, and the construction given to it by the Supreme Court; these rules are clearly established: First, That no lien is created by the statute. Second, The priority established can never attach while the debtor continues the owner, and in the possession oIfthe property, although he may be unable to pay all his debts. Thirdly, No evidence can he received of the insolvency of the debtor, until he has been divested of his property in.one of the modes stated in the section. ,Fourthly, Whenever the debtor is thus divested of his property, the person who becomes ipvested with the title, ist.hereby made a trustee for the United States, and is bound to pay the debt first, out of the proceeds of the debtor's property.
All debtors to the United States, whatever their character, and by whatever mode bound, may be fairly included within the language used in the fifth section of the act of congress. And it is manifest that congress intended to give priority of payment to.the United States over all other creditors, in the cases stated therein. It therefott lies upon those who claim exemption from the operation of the statute, to show that they are not withinlits provisions.
Corporations are to be deemed and considered persons within the provisions of the fifth section or the act of congress of 1797; and the priority of the United States exists as to debts due by them to the United States.
An attachment at the suit of the Farmers' Bank of Delaware was issued'against the effects of the.Elkton Bank, on th6 24th of September, 1830, and under it were attached the funds of the Elkton Bank in the hands of one of its debtors. On the 8th dy of July, 1831, an.attachment was issed at the suit of the United States, the Uni.ted States being creditors of the Elkton Bank, and it was laid on the same funds which had been previously attached at the suit of the Farmers' Bank of Delaware. The money thus' attached by the'Farmers' Bank of Delaware, in the hands of a debtor to the Elkton Bank, by legal process, before the issuing of'the attachment in behalf of the United States, was bound for the debt for which it was.filrst legally attache'd, by.a writ, which is in, the nature of an execution; and tho right of a private creditor thus acquired, could not be 4lefeated by the process subsequently issued at the suit of the United States. If the district court of the United States has a right to appoint receivers of the property of an insolVent bank which is indebted to the United States, for the purpose of having the property of the bank collected and paid over to satisfy the debt due tothe United'States by the bank; this would not be a transfer and possession of the property of the bank, within the meaning of the act of congress; and the right of the United States to a priority of payment, would not have attached to the funds of the bank.
The legislature of Maryland passed an act authorizing the stockholders of the Elkton Bank to elect trustees, who were to take poss~ssion of the funds and property of the bank, for the purposes of discharging the debts of the bank, and distributing the residue of the funds, which might be collected by them, among the stockholders. This, had the law been carried intq -effect, was not such an assignment

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

103

tBeaston v. The Farmers' Bank of Delaware.] of all the property of the bank as would entitle the United States to a pridrity of payment out of the funds of the bank.
No one can be divested of his property, by any mode of conveyance, statutory or otherwise, unless, at the same time and by the same conveyance, the grantee becomes invested with the title. The moment the transfer of property takes place, the person taking it, whether by voluntary assignment, or by operation of law, becomes, under the statute, bound to the United States for the faithful performanee
of the trust.
The cases of The United States v. The State Bank of North Carolina, 6 Peters, 29; The United States v. Amedy, 11 Wheat. 392; 6 Cond. Rep. 362; The United States v. Fisher, 2 Cranch, 358; 1 Cond. Rep. 421; The United States v. Hooe, 3 Cranch, 73; 2 Cond. Rep. 458; Price v. Bartlett, 8 Cranch, 431; Conrad v. The Atlantic Insurance Company, 1 Peters, 439; Conard v. Nicholl, 4 Peters, 308; Brent v. The Bank of Washington, 10 Peters, 596; Hunter. v. The United States,
5 Peters, 173: citdd.

ERROR to the court of appeals of the eastern shore of Maryland.

This suit was commenced in the Cecil county court, of the state of Maryland, in September, 1830, by an attachment issued at the instance of the Farmers' Bank of Delaware against the Elkton Bank of Maryland. To this writ the'sheriff in October, 1830, returned that he had goods and chattels, rights and credits .of the defendants, the Elkton Ban. of Maryland, in the hands of George Beastoni tp the amount of five hundred dollars, to the use of the p'laintiffs in the attachment.
in April, 1834, the counsel for the plaintiffs, and for Mr. George Beaiton, agreed on the following statement of facts:
It is agreed, that in 1828, the Unied States instituted suit against the Elkton Bank, in the circuit court of the United States; at the December session, 18219, a verdict and judgment were rendered in said suit, in favour of the United States, for twenty-one thousand two hundred dollars; on which judgment, a fi. fa. was issued to Aprilterm, 1830, and returned nulla bona: but it is admitted that, at that time, the said president and directors of the Ellkton Bank had a large
landed estate, which has since been sold. and applied to satisfy, in part, the said judgment; which landed estate, together with all other effects or property belonging to the bank, would not enable the bank to pay its debts: and that the said property and effects are insufficient to pay the said debt due to the United States; and it is admitted, that the bank was then unable to pay its debts. An appeal to the Supreme Court of the United States wag prosecuted, but no appeal bond given; and thQ judgment was affirmed in the Supreme Court,

SUPREME COURT.
[Beaston v. The Farmers' Bank of Delaware.]
at the January term,'1832. At the April term, 1830,of the circuit court, a bill in equity was filed against the said bank at the suit of the United States'; and Nathaniel Williams and John Glenn were appointed, by an order of court, receivers, with authority to take possession of the property of the said bank, to dispose of the same, and to collect all debts due to it.
The proceedings by the United States against the Elkton Bank, and the acts of the'receivers, Mr. Williams and Mr. Glenn, were made a part of the agreement as to the facts of the case.
At December session, 1829, application was made to the legislature of Maryland, by the several persons who were the acting presidents, and the acting directors of the said bank, for the act which was passed at that session, ch. 170; which, with all other acts relating to 'said bank, are to be considered as part of this statement.
The act of the legislature of Maryland, authorized the appointment of trustees by the stockholders of the Elkton Bank, on certain notice of the meeting of the stockholders being given; who were to take possession of the whole of the property of the Elkton Bank, and to proceed to the adjustment of its concerns. A meeting of the stockholders was convened on the 17th day of May, 1830, which was tbe third Monday of said month, but without -the publication of the notice mentioned and required in the act incorporating the bank and its supplements; and at the said meeting, a majority of the stockholders appointed two trustees, in conformity to the 'provisiops bf said act, who declined accepting: and no trustees have ever been since appointed, nor has there since been an annual, or other meeting of the stockholders, or an election of directors; nor have there been any banking operations carried on by any persons professing to be the corporation of the Elkton Bank, since March, 1829. At September term, 1828, the Elkton Bank obtained a judgment against George Beaston, for the sum which is attached in this suit; which, at the time of the issuing and service of this attachment, had not been paid by Beaston. At April term, 1830, the Farmers' Bank of Dela-, ware obtained, in Cecil county court, a judgment against the president and directors of the Elkton Bank, fo five thousand dollars, with interest from 9th of December, 1825, till paid, and costs; and before the appointment and bonding of the rec-ivers as .oresaid, and on the 24th of September, 1830, upon that judgment, issued this attachment; and attached in the hands of said Beaston, the sum of five hundred dollars: and after this attachment was issued and served, and after

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

105

[Beaston v. The Farmers',Bank of Delaware.]
the affirmation of the judgment of the circuit court by the Supreme Court, an attachment was issued by the United States, and the other proceedings had, as appeared by the records of the circuit and Supreme Courts of the United States, which were made part of the case. Beaston has actually paid, and satisfied the United States, the amount for which judgment of condemnation was rendered against, him in the circuit court. It is admitted that, up to the time of the decision in the Supreme Court, the said receivers never had collected or received, or by any process of lawv attempted to collect or receive the said debt attached in this case. The question for the opinion of the court is, whether the plaintiff can sustain the present attachment?
By the record of the proceedings in the circuit court of the United
States for the district of Maryland, it appeared, that upon the judgment obtained in December,,1829, against the Elkton iIank of Marylandi the United States,-on the 2d ofJuly, 1831, issued an attachment against the effects of the Elkton Bank; which attachment was laid on the effects of the bank, in the hands of George Beaston, on the 19th of October,1831.
The answers to the interrogatories filed on behalf of the United
States byGeorge Beaston, stated "that prior to the time of laying the attachment in this cause, he was indebted to the Elkton Bank of Maryland, in the sum of five hundred dollars, or thereabout, with interest from some time in 1828; (the period not now exactly recollectcd;) that in October, in the year 1830, an attachment at the suit of the Farmers' Bank of Delaware against this deponent, as garnishee of the Elkton Bank of Maryland aforesaid, was served on him, returnable to Cecil county court, where the said attachment, last mentioned, is still depending: that, at the time of the service of the attachment in this cause, at the suit of the United States, the said sum of five hundred dollars, and interest, was in the hands of deponent, and still remain so; who claims to retain the same, as he is held liable to the payment of the attachment first servedi on him, at the suit of the Farmers' Bank of Delaware aforesaid; and as he considers himself entitled to a set-off, as is hereinafti-r stated. Deponent further says, that he does not exactly recollect the time when said debt was contracted, as he has had various negotiations with said bank; but that, at the time he received money from said bank as a consideration for his debt, it was received in the notes of the said Elkton Bank; which were then, as he believes, in a state of depreciation of from ten to twenty per cent. on their nominal value."
VOL. XII.-O

SUPREME COURT.
[Beaston v; The Farmers' Bank of Delaware.J That since the service of the summons in this cause, he has not paid to the Elkton Bank aforesaid, or to any other person,'for the use of said corporation, any part of the mqney aforesaid; nor has he made any transfer of goods, property, or effects, to secuxe the payment thereof, or any part thereof; that he is the. bona fide holder and owner of notes of the Elkton Bank aforesaid, of the value nominally. of eight hundred and forty-two dollars and thirty-one cents; and he claims to set-off against any demand made in this, or any other proceeding against him, for the debt aforesaid, so many of the said notes' at their nominal value, as may be equal to the sum claimed from him in this attachment,.as garnishee of said bank. George Beaston also filed. a plea of nulla bona, in the following words: "That the said United States of America, condemnation of the said sum of money in the attachment aforesaid, and return thereof specified in the hands of him, the said George Beaston, as )f the goods, chattels and credits of the said president and directors of the Elkton Bank of Maryland, ought not to have; because he saith that the said George Beaston, at the time of laying the said attachment in the hands of him, the said George Beaston, he had not, nor at any time since hath .had, nor now hath, any of the goods, chattels, or credits of them, the said president and directors of the Elkton Bank of Maryland, in his hands; and this he ig ready to verify. Wherefore, he prays judgmept whether the said United States of America, condeihnation of the said money in the attachment aforesaid, and return thereof specified, as of the goods, chattels, and credits of the said president and directors of the Elkton Bank of Maryland, in the hands of him, the said George Beaston, to have, ought, and so forth." The United States filed a replication to this plea, and issue being joined, the parties went to trial on the pleadings; and a verdict was found by the jury in favour of the United States, for six hundred and eighty-five dollars and sixty-six cents. On the case thus agreed on, and the matter set forth and referred to in the same, the Cecil county court gave a judgment in favour of George-Beaston; and the plaintiffs appealed to the high court of appeals of the state of Maryland. The judgment of the court of Cecil county was reversed by the court of appeals of Maryland; and the defendant prosecuted this writ of error to the Supreme Court of the United States. The opinion of the court of appeals of Maryland, stateg the rea-

JANUARY' TERM, 1838.
[Beaston v. The Farmers' Bank of Delaware.]
wons which induced that court to reverse the judgment of the court of Cecil county. It was as follows:
" Exemption is claimed by the defendant, from the operation of the attachment in' this case. Having had judgment of condemnation passed against him, for the amount he stood indebted to the Elkton Bank of Maryland, at the suit of the United States, and having paid the money under such judgment, he rests'his defence upon an alleged priority given by the acts of congress to the government; and upon certain proceedings of the government had in the circuit court of the United States for the district of Maryland, for the recovery of his claims, against the Elkton Bank of Maryland. The priority of the United States is supposed to be founded on the just construction of the laws of congress, making provision for the collection of her debts. We have been referred, in the argument, to the law of 1789, ch. 5, see. 21: 1790,'ch. 35, see. 45: 1792, -h. 27, see. 18: 1797, ch. 74, seP.. 5: and the collection law to be found in the 3d vol. of the Laws of the United States 'ch. 138, see. 65. Interpretations of various decisions of the Supreme Court of the United States, and of the circuit courts, have been given to these acts of congress, which leave no doubt as to their construction. It will be, therefore, only necessary to refer to them. The twofirst acts above cited, had reference to bonds given for duties; and the third act above referred to, made provision in relation to the securities in such bonds. These acts gave a preference to the. United States in all cases of insolvency, or where any estate, in the hands of executors or administrators, shall be insuf-
ficient to pay all the debts of the deceased; and it was declared that the case of insolvency referred to, should be deemed .to extend to all eases in which a debtor, not having sufficient property to pay all his debts, should have made a voluntary assignment thereof for the benefit of his creditors, or in which the estate and effects of an absconding, concealed, or absent debtor, shall have been attached by process of law; or to ca~es in which an act of legal bankruptcy shall have been committed: and, by the two subsequent laws, the same provision was made, securing the priority of the United States, and applying them to all other debts due to theUnited States. In the year 1805, the Supreme Court were first called upon to put a construetion. upon these laws; 'and it was" adjudged, in 3 Cranch, 73, that the United States would gain no priority, in case of a partial bona fide transfer of his property by the debtor; but could only obtain it by such a general divestment of property as would, in fact, be equiva-

, SUPREME COURT.,
[Beaston v. The Farmers' Bank of'Deaware.]
lent to insolvency, in its technical sense. In 1810, ihe same court decided that the term "insolvency," as used in the first acts, and ."bankruptcy," as used in the latter acts) are synonymous terms. That priority must be confined to the cases of insolvency specified in the act; and that insolvency must be unde rstood to mean a legal, known insolvency, manifested by some notorious act of the debtor, pursuant to law; not a vague allegation which, in adjusting conflicting claims of 'the United States, and individuals against debtors, it would be difficult to ascertain; 8 Cranch,-431. The same construction has been maintained in 2 Wheat. 396, and 4 Peters, 386; and, in a very recent case, Mr. Justice Thompson says, "the act looks to a legal insolvency, where the property is taken up bythe law for distribution among the creditors of the debtor. There is no difficulty in the construCtitni of the statute, until we arrive at the last phrase, "legal bankruptcy." What is legal bankruptcy? In 1797, when the act of congress was passed, the United States had no bankrupt laws. The words, in their connection, seem to have reference to the previos cases put in the section, and to point odit some legal insol,vency or some mode of proceeding, by which the property of the debtor is taken out of his hands to be distributed by others; Paine's C.'C. R. 629. Such being the construction of the acts of congress, giving the government a preference; we proceed to inquire whether the Elkton Bank was in such a situation as to impart to the United States t-his preference.
"The above facts demonstrate the inability of the Elkton Bank to pay her debts, as admitted in the statement, they could not, per se, give to the United States the preference contended for. It must, in the language of the authorities, be a known and legal insolvency; the former of which is not admitted, and the latter could, not be predicated of such a condition.
"Does the act of 1829, ch. 170, with the proceedings consequent thereon, give rise to the priority contended for? This act provided for the election, at the next annual meeting of the stockholders, held in pursuance of their charter, of two trustees, to settle all the outstanding debts and credits of the bank; and further provided, that they should be elected in the same manner as'the president and directors have been heretofore elected. By referring to the charter of the bank, it Will be found that one of its fundamental laws required the president and directors to give one month's notice, in the most public places in the county, and in some public print in the city of Balti-

JANUARYTERM, '1838.

109

[Beaston *. The Farmhers' Bank of Delaware.]
,more, of the time and place of ,holding the election of directors an-
nually: and it was furthermore, by a supplement to the said charter, required that the election, for directors should take place on the fourth Monday of May. If it were conceded to the legislature, that they possessed po ver to wind up the concerns of this particular institution by such an act; it must be admitted, that the leading provisions of the act, calculated to apprize all interested of the fundamental changes about to be operated in its government, that they might have an opportunity of protecting their interests by their presence, should have been complied with in order to give legal efficacy to the acts doqe under it. So far, however, from this, we are informed by the statements that no notice was given; and that two persons were elected by a majority of the stockholders, on a different day from the day of the annual election of directors, as the trustees, who never accepted. So that the law was in truth never executed, but-the proceedings held under it were undoubtedly inoperative and void, and could therefore not in any manner have operated as a general divestment of property, within the contemplation of the acts of congress, as upon this ground to have given the United States a preference; but, on the contrary, the charter still thereafter continued to exist, and its affairs ivere, or ought to have been rightfully managed and controlled by its then directors, who would continue in office for its government, and the exercise of its corporate functions, until such election should take place. Although no priority may exist on the part of the United States, it has been argued that the appointment of receivers, by the circuit court of the United States, to take charge of the property and effects of the Elkton Bank of Maryland, placed the debt due from the defendant so under the control of that court, as a court of equity, that it could be reached legally by no process of execution or attachment. It is true that money and effects in the hands of the assignee of a bankrupt, or the trustee of an insolvent debtor, cannot be attached; not only because such property stands assigned by operation of law: but because the allowance of such attachments would utterly defeat the whole policy of the bankrupt or insolvent laws; nor can money taken by a sheriff in execution, or money paid into.court. Serg. on Attach. 99. But we apprehend that the appointment and bonding of receivers, does not work'such disability. The property, by the order, is not taken under the protection of the court; and, until taken in charge by the receivers, its 4ummary jurisdiction could not be interposed to

SUPREME COURT.
[Beaston v. The Firmers' Bank of Delaware.] punish such as might cover it, or portions of it, by execution or attachment. The period when it might and ought legally to be considered as under the mantle of legal protecti6n,'should be-the time when a court of chancery would interpose by attachment, for disturbing or interfering with the possession of the receiver.
"Innocent third persons might be previously affected by extending this doctrine further. It has beep argued, and we think with much force, that there is and ought to be an analogy in this respect between the law applicable to receivers and sequestrators; as regards the latter, the court of king's bench have decided, that, when a sequebtration is awarded to collect money to pay a demand in equity, if it is not executed; that is, if the sequestrators do not take possession, and a judgment creditor takes out execution, notwithstanding the sequestration awarded, there may be a levy under the execution. East's Rep. 9 vol. 335.
"So here, the receivers never obtained p,'s'ession of the credits of the Elkton Bank of Maryland, its books and papers, or its evidences of debt: on the contrary, so far as we are enabled to collect the fact in this respect from the record, they were held adversely; the circuit court of the United States giving thir aid and assistance to the receivers, to enable them to obtain the possession; with what effect we know. not; except that we are left to infer, from the fact of the attachment subsequently issued against the defendant by the United States, that they never did obtain possession. We are not informed by the record, that the receivers ever took any steps whatever to assume control over the debt which the defendant owed the Elkton Bank: on the contrary, they take out an attachment in the name of the United States, and serve it on the defendant as garnishee, long after the attachment issued, and served by the plaintiff in this case; and indeed the statement admits that they never attempted to exercise a control over this debt. Lastly, it is urged that the judgment of condemnation obtained against Beaston, by the United. States, should operato as a bar against the recovery by the plaintiff in this case. It is undoubtedly a hardship on the defendant to be compelled twice to pay the same debt, but it must be recollected that the plaintiff had a prior attachment, which operated as a lien: and it would be a still greater hardship that such plaintiff should lose his lien, thus legally acquired, by the judgment of a court in a cause to which he was no party, and of which we have no evidence that he had in any manner any notice. If the defendant failed to take the proper

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Beaston v. The Farmers' Bank of Delaware.] steps, in the predicament in which he was placed, to defend and protect his interests, it is but fair' that he should suff r the consequences. Had notice been given of this attachment by the United States, the plaintiff might .have vindicated his rights, and had an opportunity 6f asserting his anterior lien; and of obtaining the decision of the appellate court, had it become necessary. Nor is it prescribed why it would not' have been competent for the defendant, in this, conflict of claims against him, to have brought the conflicting parties into chancery, where the rights and priority of each might have been adjudicated without prejudice to 'him. But, last of all, would the defendant be entitled to avail himself of the judgment of the United States recovered against him, since, from the examination of the record of that suit, it appears that his defence was taken solely on the plea of nulla bona; a defence which could certainly have been. of no avail, when it appeared, by the answers filed in the interrogatories of the United States, that he was indebted to the Elkton Bank of Maryland: although, in the answers, he adverts to the attachment issued against him by the Farmers' Bank of Delaware, he has not plead such prior attachment as pending against him, whereby he could obtain the opinion of the court in relation to its priority. . In every aspect, therefore, in which we can view the decision below, we are brought to the conclusion that it cannot be sustained.
'Judgment reversed, and judgment on the case stated for anpellant."
The case was argued at the bar, by Mr. Martin and Mr. Butler, attorney general, for the plaintiff in error: and by a printed argument for defendants in error by Mr. John C. Groome. Mr. Butler also submitted a printed argument in reply.
For the plaintiff in error the following points were presented to the Court.
1st. That, according to 4just construction of the acts of congress giving priority to the United States, in cases where their debtors are insolvent, the government was entitled to be paid the debt due to it from the Bank of Elkton, out of the effects of that institution, in preference to any other creditor; and the plaintiff in error having paid to the United States the amount of money in. which he was indebted to the Bank of Elkton, he was, therefore, acquitted from the operation of the attachment sued out against im by the Fartners' Bank of Delaware.

SUPREME COURT.
[Beaston v. The Farmers' Bank of Delaware.] 2d. That judgment of condemnation having been obtained by the United States against the plaintiff in error, on an attachment in the circuit court for the district of Maryland, for the money in which he stood 'indebted to the Bank of Elkton; and he having paid that amount to the United States under the authority of said judgment, it operates as a bar to the recovery sought against him by the defendant in error. 3d. That the appointment of receivers, by the circuit court, to take possession of the property and effects of the Bank of Elkton, as disclosed by the record, placed the debt due from the plaintiff in error to that bank, in the custody and under the control of the circuit court, as a court of equity; and that it could not be legally reached by the process of attachment issued in this case by the Farmers' Bank ,of Delaware.
Mr. Martin, for the plaintiff's, stated that this case has been brought up to this Court, to settle principles by which, hereafter, future cases may be regulated; and thus, although the amount in controversy is small, the importance of the principles 'involved, will commend it to the consideration of the Court. After stating the case, he proceeded to say, that the first point is the question of the right of priority of the United States, under the act of congress, under the circumstances which are presented by the record. According to the received construction of the act of congress of 3d March, 1791, a body politic or corporate is within the meaning of the, act.
2d. The Bank of.Elkton having become insolvent, the priority of the United States attached; and the proceedings of the Farmers' Bank of Delaware could not operate against the rights of the United States, nor affect the debt due to the Elkton Bank in the hands of George Beaston.
The priority of the United States is fully settled in the case of The United States v. Fisher, 2 Cranch, 358. In that case it was decided, that the right of the United States to priority of payment of debts due to her, extends to all cases where any one-is indebted to the government. The same principle will be, found in Field v. The United States, 9 Peters, 182. Where there has been an open act of insolvency, the priority attaches; whether suit is, or is not instituted by the United States. 1 Paine's C. C. R. 628. This priority may be enforced by an action of assumpsit; by a bill in equity; or by any other legal proceedings.

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Beaston v. The Farmers' Bank of Delaware.]
It has been said in this case, in the courts of Maryland, that corporations are not within the provisions qf the, act of congress; because the persons who compose the corporation are merged in it. But this is denied, and it is m intaincd, that a corporation is a'person 'within the law; and that -acorporation is fully within the meaning and purpose of the law. Corporations are persons; they are so treated in all the laws and proceedings relative to taxation. Coke's Institutes, 697.'718. In the exposition of,the Statute of Henry 5, Lord Coke says: Every corperation is included in the terin "inhabitant;" althlough the corporation is not named. In Cowper's Rep. 79, the court of king's bench decided, that a corporation comes in under the term "inhabitant." So also, in the case of The Bank of the' United States v. Deveaux, 6 Cranch, 51,; it was held, that a corporation composed of citizens of one state, may sue a citizen of another state, in the courts of the United States. The same prinjiple will be found. in the opinion of Mr. Justice Thompson, when in the supreme court of New York; in the case of The People v. The Utica Ips. Company,, 15 John. Rep. 351.
A corporation being within the act of congress, if before theattachment of the Bank of Delaware, the Elkton Bahk had'become insolvent, the priority of the United States had attached: what was the situation of the Elkton fBank; what are the ei'idences of its insolvency?
This is shown by the retun of nulla bona, to the attachment against the bank; hy' the inability of the bank to discharge its debts. In fact, there was no banking operations bythe bank after 1829; no meetibg of tbe stockholders: and, all its operations as a -bank were arrested, because of its eptire and absolute inability to pay its debts.
In 1829, the corporation was at Annapolis, asking for a-special act of insolvency; and on this application of the bank, the legislature passed an act which authorized the, appointment of trustees, who were to take possession of the whole property and effects of the bank, and wind up its whole concerns. Maryland Laws of 1829, chap..170, Harris's Compilation. These acts combined; demonstrate, fully and unquestior-bly, the insolvency of the bank.
It is contended, 1st. That if there was no legal transfer of the effects of the bank to trustees, in consequence of the irregularity of the proceedings of the stockholders, or from any other cause this Court will pronounce tha-bank to have be~n insolvent; because of its situation, and from its various acts, and the circumstances of the case.
VoL: XII.-P

SUPREME COURT.
[Beaston v. The Farmers' Bank of Delaware.]
2d. That if it is necessary there should be an assignment to constitute a legal insolvency, and thus to bring the case within the provisions of the act of congress, the corporation was completely denuded of all its property; and the act of the legislature of Maryland, of 1829, was an assignment of all the property of the bank. Cited Prince v. Bartlet, 8 Cranch, 431. The acceptance of the assignment is not necessary to show the insolvency of the assignor. In the court of appeals it was conceded, that if trustees of the bank had been appointed, th6 insolvency of the bank would have been established. The irregularity of their appointment can have no influence on the question. It is the, condition of the bank, and its app!ication to -the legislature, followed by the proceedings of the stockholders appoint-, ing the trustees; although not accordipg to the requirements of the law; which make out the insolvency.
The appointment of receivers by the circuit court'of the United States for the Maryland district, was also a judicial assignment of all the effects of the bank. If a statutory assignment, or an individual assignment, gives the preference to the United States; why should not ajudicial assignment have'the same operation ? As to the effects ofthe appointment of receivers, citedi 3 Wendell's Rep. 1.
The party in this case,'paid the money in obedience to'the judgment of a court of'competent jurisdiction. This is a full protection for the payment, and no other court can question the propriety of the judgment of the circuit court of Maryland; or of the acts of the defendant in obedience tofhat judgment. Cited, 5 Johns. Rep.101; 2 East, 266.- It was said, in the court of appeals, that the Bank of Delaware might have appealed from the circuit court of the United States to this Court. But there is error in this assertion. The sum in controversy was too small for a writ of error, or for an appeal.
It is claimed that receivers.having been appointed by the circuit court in 1830, and they having entered on their. duty, and assumed. the trusts delegated to them; all the property and effects of the bank went into their hands, and no part of the same was afterwards liable to attachment. The attachment by the Farmers' Bank of Delaware, was after the appointment of'receivers in the cir:cuit court. The receivers were appointed in June; the attachment was not laid until September.
It has been said, that the receivers did not take possession of the debt due by Beaston, the plaintiff in error; that they could have no, manual possession of this debt. As to what an attachment is, hnd

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
.[Beaston v. The Farnqers' Bank of Delaware.] what property can be attached, cited, 1 Penna. Rep. 117; 1 Dall., 3; '3 Binney's Rep. 294; 2 Maddock's Chancery, 187, 294,
Mr. Butler, upon the question, whether "person" in the act of congress giving a priority tb) the United States, said; that w:herever "person" is used in a statute, with aquality attached to it which does not apply to a corporation, the Court will construe the statute so as to comprehend persons. 'if the spirit and purpose of the law will be accomplished by their doing so. Wherever the words of a statute can be extended to artificial persons, and where the gcts done or to be done by corporations are within the spirit of the law, they will be extended to comprehend them. In all these:cases, and wherever it is, necessary, the Court will look at the composition of the corporation.
Persons, in law, are artificial as well as natural persons; and in the act of congress there is,. nothing which is not equally applicable to both. The olject of the statute Was to include all persons. Its purpose was to secure debts due to it, 'f'om whomsoever might become indebted to the United States; and a corporation is certainly within the general sense of the statute.
As to the insolvency of the Elkton Bank, it was plain and manifest at the time of the proceedings by the United States against Mr. Beaston. The act of congress applies to 4 case where the insolvency is manifest. What canI manifest the insolvency of the bank 'more than what is shown in the record.. The bank' had ceased its operations, as a bank; the stockholders had eeased to appoint directors to' manage its concerns. An ipplicatior, was made in 1829, to the legislature of Maryland, for the appointmeht of assignees, or trustees, who were to take possession of' all its property; and this application was p flthinanifeptatipp of the total insolvency of the institution.
Mr. Groome, for the defendants in error. At April' Term, 1830, of Cedil county court, the Farmers' Bank of Delawar&'obtained a judgment against the Elkton Bank of Maryland. On' the 24th day of September following it: had an Attachment issued on thisjudgment, in conformity with the laws of Maryland, 1715, ch. 40, see. 74 and attached in the hands of Btaston, the plaintiff in error, the, sum of five hundred dollars, &c., due to the said Elkton Bank on a judgment t September Term, 1828, of the same court. Beaston resisted this attachment, and a judgment was

SUPREME COURT.
[Beaston v. The Farmers "Bank of Delaware.]
rendered in his favour against the Farmers' Bank at April term, 1834; on the statement of facts to be found on the 8th, 9th, and 10th pages of the printed record. From this judgment an appeal was prayed to the court of appeals of Maryland, and there it was reversed. Subsequently, by a writ of error, it has been brought up to this Court; and the question ,for decision is, whether, at the time of issuing and levying the said attachment; there was any existing lien on behalf of the United States, or of any other creditor of the Elkton Bank, on the specific debt attached; or any other circumstance or relation between the Elkton Bank and any of its creditors, either then existing or subsequently arising, which could overreach the attachmnent, and defeat its operation ?
It cannot be contended that the rec-d discloses any lien existing at that time. The judgment rendered in favour of the. United Stat~s against the Elkton Bank, could-not op6rate as a lien on any debt due tO the Elkton Bank. Neither was any such lien created by the fieri facias issued on that judgment to April term, 1830. It had already, on the 8th day of April, 1830, been returned with an endorsement of nulla bona, by the marshal; and was, under no circumstances, the proper process of execution to reach the credits of the Elkton Bank, and could of course have no effect upon the debt due from Beaston. Nor could any priority, (as will appear hereaftdr to be claimed on behalf of the United States,) operate 6s a lien on this debt. This Court has held, that no lien is created in favour of the United States by the .law of priority. United States v. Fisher et al. 2 Cranch, 358; Conard v. The Atlantic Insurance 'Company, 1 Peters, 440; United States v. Hooe et al. 3 Cranch, 73.
It is said, however, that although no actual lien may have existed in favour of the United States, or any other creditor of the Elkton Bank; yet the United States were, by reason of their judgment, and other circumstances stated in tlie record in this cause, entitled to a priority of payment out of the funds of' the Elkton Bank: and this priority, existing at the time when the attachment was issued on the judgment, of the Farmers' Bank, superseded and defeated that atfachment.. Supposing it to exist in this case, "what, then, is the nature of the priority thus limited and established in favour of the United 'States? Is it a right'which supersedes and overrules the assignment of the debtor as to any property which afterwards the United States, may elect to take in execution, so as to prevent. such 'property from passing, by virtue of such assignmen'to the assignees?

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

117

'[Beaston v. The Farmers' Bank of Delaware.]
Or is it a'mere right of prior payment out of the general funds of the debtor in the bands'of the assignees? We are of opinion (said this
ort) that it clearly falls within the latter description; and that the debts due to the United States are to be satisfied by the assignees, who are rendered personally liable, if they omit to discharge such debts." Conard v. The Atlantic Insurance Company, 1 Peters' Rep. 439. Again, in the case of The United States v. Fisher et al., this Court held that 'no lien is created by this law of priority; no bona fide transfer of property in the ordinary course of business-is overruled. It is only a priority' of payment, which, under' different modifications, is aeregulation in common use. See 1 Peters' Rep. 440. It does not partake even of the character of a lien on the property of public debtors. United States v. Hooe et al. 3 Cranch, 73. If, then, debts -due to the United States constitute no lien on the property of the debtor, and have merely preference of paymen-t out of the debtor's funds in the hands of assignees; how can the existence of such debts operate to defeat any lien subsequently acquired by any other bona fide creditor; or, in other words, how can a debt due to the United States, and merely entitled to a priority of payment out of the funds of the Elkton Bank in the hands of its assignees, be held to defeat a lien on a specific credit, acquired in favour of the Farmers' Bank by attachment? It is a solecism to say that such a debt, or such priority is no lien; and yet give to it all the properties, :attributes and effect of a lien. In this'manner did this Court reason when it said that "if' a debtor of the United States, who makes a bona fide conveyance of part of his property for the security of a creditor, is within the act which gives a preference to the governmeit, thenwould that preference be in the nature of a lien from the instant he became indebted." 3 Cranch, 73. But it will be recollected that the fund attached in this case was not chattels or ,land in the actual custody and under the immediate control of the Elkton Bank; but a chose in action, a debt, due from a third person to that institution, under a judgment which, at the time of the attach.ment, had never been paid, and Which required the use of coercive measures to reduce it into possession. It would seem to be carrying' the principle of priority very far to apply it to such a case. The third person cannot be presumed or expected to know the condition' of his creditor's affairs; whether he be indebted to the United States or not; and whether, if indebted, the United States have any right to priority of payment out of his estate; and if he did know such to

SUPREME COURT.
[Beastotn v. The Farmers' Bank of Delaware.] be the condition of his creditor, he is in no wise responsible for the proper application of his creditor's property. The United States have -theirremedy against the assignees,'and not against the property oftheir debtor. Their priority never attaches on 'lands or goods, as the lands or goods of the debtor; it attaches on the fund, and not on the specific property. It does not operate to prevent the passing of the property either to assignees in bankruptcy, or to assignees under a conveyance, or to executors and administrators. It amounts only to a right to previous payment out of the fund then in the hands of others. Such was the argument of counsel, and such appears to be the effect of the decision in, the case of Conard v. The Atlantic Insurance Company.
So far the argument has proceeded on the hypothesis, that, in this case, a priority under the acts of congress in fayour of the United States, did exist: but it is denied that the United States ever had such priority of payment against the Elkton Bank. The priority claimed is derived from certain acts of congress. These several acts are the act qf 31.st July, 1789 ch. 5, see. 21: the act of 4th August, 1790, ch. 35, sec. 45: the act of 179 , ch. 27, sec. 18: the act of 3d March, 1797, ch. 74, see. 5: and the act of 2d March, 1799, ch. 128, sec. 65. All ofthese acts, except that of 1797, confined the priority of the United States to custom-house bonds, and bonds taken under the collection act; and some of them placed the surety in such bonds, who paid the debt, on the same footing in respect to priority, as the United Stats. It was the act of 1797 that went further, and gave a preference to the United States in all cases whatsoever, whoever might be the debtor, or however he might be indebted; when the debtor became insolvent, or when, after his death, his estate' in the hands of his executors or administrators should be insufficient for the payment of his debts: and it provided, that the priority should be deemed to extend as well to cases in which the debto, not having sufficient property to pay all his debts, shall have made a voluntary assignment thereof for the benefit of his creditors; or in which the estate and effects of an absconding, concealed, or absent debtor shall have been attached by process of law; as to cases in which an act of legal bankruptcy shall have been committed. In giving a construction to these statutes, this Court has held that they only apply to two general classes of cases, viz: a living insolvent, having an assignee; and a,dead insolvent represehted by execufors or administrators; Conard w Nicoll, 4 -Peters' Rep. 308i that the priority, as against living debtors,

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Beaston v. The Farmers' Bank of Delaware.]
only existed where the debtor had become actually and notoriously insolvent,. arid, being unable to pay his debts, has made a voluntary assignment, of all his property; or, having absconded, or absented himslf, his property has been attached by process of law. See United States v. Hooe, 3 Cranch. 73; 1 Peters, 439. The words bankruptcy, and insolvency, mentioned jin the statutes, are used is synonymous terms; and must be understood to apply to cases of insolvency specified by the legislature; and to mean a legal and known insolvency, manifested by some notorious act of the debtor, pursuant to law; Prince v. Bartlett, 8 Crancb, 43.1 or where, by operation of law, the property of the debtor is taken out of his hands to be distributed by others; United States v. Clark, 1 Pairie's C. C. R. 629; and see Thellusson v. Smith, 2 Wheat. Rep. 396: or where the property is in the hands of assignees, not by voluntary assignment only, but by assignment made in virtue of any state bankrupt law, or, possibly, of .any bankrupt law of the United States, which might thereafter be passed. Conard v. Nicoll, 4 Peters' Rep; 308. It is not a mere inability of the debtor to pay all his debts, but that inability must be manifested in one of the three modes pointed out in the explanatory clause of the section. 1 Peters' Rep. 439. From the several statutes and decisions cited, it appears that the United States, as creditors, have a preference in the following cases:
1. Where the debtor is dead, leaving an insufficiency of assets in the hands of his executors or administrators to pay his debts.
2. When his effects have been attached by process of law, as an absent, concealed, or absconding debtor.
3. Where there is bankruptcy, or legal insolvency of the debtor,
manifested by some act pursuant to law: and' 4. Where he has mad.ea voluntary assignment of all his property
for the benefit of his creditors. Did the Elkton Bank, at the. time of issuing the attachment in
favour of the Farmers' Bank, come within either one of thesefour classes?
1. It was certainly at that time an existing institution, in the full possession of its chartered rights and powers; and could not be even assimilated to the conditiohi of a deceased debtor. The failure of the stockholders of the Elkton Bank to elect officers in 1830, and since; even with their continued omission to carry on their usual banking, operations; could be regarded, in the worst aspect, as only cause of forfeiture, and is not, per se, an actual Iorfeiture. A corporation may

SUPREME COURT,
[Beaston v. The Farmers' Bank of Delaware.]
forfeit its charter, under certain circumstances, by non user or misuser of its franchises; but such forfeiture can only be enforced by judicial proceedings instituted for that purpose, at the instance of the government; and no cause of forfeiture can be taken advantage of, collaterally or incidentally; nor indeed in any manner, until the default has been judicially ascertained and declared, by a suit instituted on behalf of the state for that purpose. Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company v. Baltimore and Ohio Rail Road Company, 4 Gill and Johns. R. 107; Trustees of Vernon Society-v. Hill,.6 Cow. Z3; King v. A~mery, 2 T. R. 515.. Besides, it is the general principle of law, that it is incident to all 'corporations, 'hat in case of a failure to elect at the time appointed, the old officers shall remain in office. Stra. 625, 10 Mod. 146. One of the supplements to the charter of the Elkton Bank contains a provision to the same effect.' Laws of Maryland, 181'5, ch. 148; see 6 Gill and Johns. R. 230. But this point is too self-evident to require further discussion.
2. Therehas been no attachment of the effects of the Elkton Bank, as-an absent, concealed, or absconding debtor. The attachment of the Farmers' Bank, inthis case, is a process in the nature of an execution: is, as such, authorized by the laws of Maryland, 1715, ch. 40, see. 7: and is not pre-dicatedof the absence or concealment of the debtor, the Elkton Bank.
3. Here was no known and legal solvency; none admitted in the statement of facts, and none arising by inference therefrom; bui a mere inability to pay debts; which is not the insolvency contemplated by the acts of congress, and does not, per se, give to the Unitcd States the prefer.rue.claimed, 1 Peterg' R. 439. The insolvency mentioned in the stabates, refers to insolvency under the state laws, and perhaps to a bankrupt law of the United States, when one should pass. 4 Peters' R.'307-8; Prince v. Bartlett, 8 Cranch R. 431. And a corporation is not within the state laws on that subject; State of Maryland v. Bank of Maryland, 6 Gill, and John. 221: being incapable of imprisonment; or of availing itself of the benefit of their porvisions.
4. Here was no voluntary assignment by the Elkton Bank, for the benefit of its creditors. No such assignment is'expressly admitted, aYid none such can bi- implied. The act of the legislature of Maryland, 182b, ch. 170, cannot be deemed to be such an assignment. By that 'act, the stockholders of.the Elkton Bank were merely authorized, at theii next annual meeting, held in purguance of their char-

JANUARY TERM,, 1838.
[Beaston v. The Farmers' Bank of Delaware.) ter, to elect two -persons as trustees, who should have power to adjust and settle all the outstanding debts.and credits of said bank; who should be privileged to sue, and be liable to-be sued; and be'elected in the same manner as the president and directors bad been, and in their place and stead. A charter being a contract, within'the purview of the constitution, which cannot be destroyed, modified, altered, or impaired, without the assent of the corporators; this act, unless accepted and executed by the stockholders of the Elkton Bank, in the manner and on the terms prescribed by it, is a mere dead letter. It can, make no difference, that it was passed on the application of the several persons, who were the acting president and the acting directors of the bank:, for it is not conceded that they acted officially: and if they did, they acted without authority, and in. the exercise of powers that did not legitimately belong to their office.
Ad it-is contended, too,' that on principle, the acceptance must be the act of each corporator; for if it be a contrac at all, it must 'be a contract with each. ' If not, and a majority of corporators can control the objects and purposes of the charter- then, after ther creation of a charter for one purpose, and the contribution of the requi'site funds for that purpose, a majority 'May, with the aid of the legislature, divert the funds from the 'object for which they have been subscribed' by many; and apply them to 'a use opposed to their wishes, and destructive to their interests. At all events, it must be accepted'and executed, either by a majority, or by the whole of the corporators; and in either case, the acceptance must he made in accordance with the act. The annual meeting of the stockholders had-been fixed by law, 1815: ch. 148, to take place on the fourth Monday of May, in every year; and the 'harter required the president. and directors to give one month's notice, in the most public places in the county, and in some public print in the city of Balti.more, of the time and place of holding th-e election of directors annual.ly: Laws of Maryland, 1810, eh. 51, sec. 47, sub-sec. 3. Now, the fourth Monday of May, 1830, (after the proper preliminary notice had been given,) was the day when the next annual meeting would be held, in pursuance of the charter; and if any inlference of the acceptance or execution of the act of 1829 can be drawn from the conduct of the stockholders, in the absence of any express resolution to that effect, it should be derived from their election of trustees, in conformity with that act on that day. On that day, however, no such election was attempted; but on a different day, viz:
VOL. XII.-Q

SUPREME COURT.
[Beaston v. The Farmers' Bahk of Delaware.]
on the third Monday of May, without any previous notice whatever, and without any authority, two persons were elected by a majority of the stockholders, as trustees; but these persons never accepted. The act of 1829 was, therefore, never regularly accepted, and never executed, and all the proceedings under it being unauthorized-, were necessarily void; and could not operate as a general divestment of the property of the Elkton Bank, within the contemplation of the acts of congress, so as to give the United States the preference over other creditors.
The effects of the Elkton Bank never went into the hands of any persons for distribution; the trustees elect refused the office; and there was, therefore, no assignee to whom they were assigned, or who could be made liable to the United States. The contingency whereon the transfer was to be made under the act, viz: the substitution of trustees in the "'place and stead" of director-,, did not happen. The transfer was therefore never consummated. An act of bankruptcy, or what would be such under the bankrupt laws of England, is not sufficient to give rise to the preference of the United States, from the moment of its commission; for there is no assignee, who is first to satisfy the claim of the United States out of the estate of the debtor, under the penalty of satisfying it out of his own estate, 4 Peters, 308. It is important, then, that there should be an existing assignee, having the property in his hands for distribution; indeed, it is essential that there should be. In the case of Brent v. The Bank of Washington, the plaintiff's testator had executed an assignment to certain persons,, of all his estate, for the payment of the claims of the government, and his other creditors, as far fortl as the estate would answer. The assignees refused to accept the assignment, or to act under it; and for this reason, the attorney general admitted, and this Court decided, the deed to be inoperative. 10 Peters' H. 597, 610, 611. The refusal of the trustees to act, therefore, apart from the irregularity, of their appointment; would of itself defeat any claim of priority on the part of the United States in this case. But it is evident, from a perusal of the act of 1829, that it was never intended or understood by the legislature, or the Elkton Bank, as a voluntary assignment of property for the benefit of creditors, in the meaning of the acts of congress. It was merely a prdceeding preparatory to the final adjustment of the affairs of the Elkton b ank, on the expiration of its*charter, in a few years thereafter. The trustees were to have the privilege

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Beaston v. The Farmers' Bank of Delaware.] of suing, and to be liable to be sued, in the same manner as the president and directors. They were to be elected in the same manner in which they had beern elected, and iii theit place and stead. It was nothing more than the substitution of two men for twelve, in the administration of the bank-of trustees for directors. The act does not contemplate the immediate adjustment of the concerns of the institution; nor does it, in terms, restrict the trustees from carrying on the usual operations of the bank; but on the contrary, it expressly directs that they shall be elected in the place and stead of the president and directors; and as if their duties were not intended to expire but with the charter itself, it requires them, at every annual meeting thereafter, to exhibit to the stockholders a just and true statement of all theii doings as such trustees. It made them responsible to the stockholders directly, as the president and directors were, and not to the creditors; and is predicated of no insolvency, actual or technical. And that the passage of this act, and the subsequent irregular proceedings under it, wrought no real change in the situation of the effects of the Elkton Bank, is manifest, from the view afterwards taken of the subject by the government itself; when it attached the same debt due from Beaston, in his hands as garnishee of the president and directors of the Elkton Bank: thereby clearly showing that it never regarded the property of the Elkton Bank, or this debt at least, as having ever passed by any assignment, actual or constructive, out of the possession of that institution, for the benefit of creditors, within the meaning of the acts of congress.
That this construction of the act of 1829, and this conjecture of its scope and object are correct, is further confirmed by the fact, that the power and authority of the legislature were invoked. The consentof that body was absolutely necessary, to vest the administration of the affairs of the bank in two instead of, twelve persons, as the charter expressly confided its managemernt to the latter number of persons; whereas, it will not be denied, that, if the object had been merely to make an assignment of property for the benefit of creditors, in the meaning of the acts of congress, the corporation had this power in its own hands, without the sanct.on or intervention of the legislature; and could have effected its purposes at o1ace, by a deed assigning and conveying all its property to assignees or trustees. The State of Maryland v. Bank of Maryland, 6 Gill and Johns. 290.
There is nothing in the charter of the Elkton Bank to restrain it from so doing. If this power be denied to a corporation, then a c'or-

SUPREME COURT.
[Beaston v.,The Farmers' Bank of Delaware.] poration can never be brought within the operation of the statutes giving priority. It is not within either one of the enumerated classes of cases. It cannot be a deceased debtor, with an insufficiency of assets in the hands of executors or administrators. Its effects cannot be attached as those of an absent, concealed, or absconding debtor; for such a state of things cannot be possibly predicated of a corporation. It cannot be a technical insolvent, under the state laws; and if it cannot transfer its property to trustees, for the payment of its debts, without the intervention and permission of another; it cannot make a voluntary assignment. Indeed, it may be greatly doubted, from the phraseology of the act of 1797, whether it was ever intended to apply to corporations. Before this branch of the argument is concluded, it must be observed, that up to this point, this case is considered as analogous to the case of Prince v. Bartlett, 8 Cranch, 431. There, the effects of an insolvent debtor, duly attached by an individual creditor, in June, were considered not to be liable to the claim of the United States, on a custom house bond, given prior to the attachment, and put in suit in Augu~t following. And to the facts and principles of law, in Prince v. Bartlett, the particular attention of this Coirt
is asked. But it is contended, that the appointment of receivers by the cir-
cuit court wrought some change in the c6ndition, either of the. par, ties in this suit, or of the debt due from Beaston; SG as to defeat the attachnent of, the Farmers' Bank, subsequently issued. It cannot be regarded as an assignment under'the statutes, for at least it was not voluntary. The appointment of receivers is a discretionary power, sometimes exercised by a court of chancery as a measure of security against waste, mismanagement, &c. and is provisional only for the more speedy getting in of a party's estate, and securing it for the benefit of such person as appears entitled; and does not affect the right. 2 Madd. Chan, Prac. 187-8. It transfers no title. It does not even alter the possession of the estate in the person who shall be found entitled at the time the receiver was appointed; so as to prevent the statute of limitations running on during the i ight in dispute. 2 Madd. 188. The appointment of receivers, therefore, in this case, did not affect the right of the parties to this or any other suit, or change the condition of the debt; unless it had the effect to place it under the immediate control of the circuit court, as a codrt of equity, and thus protect it from all process of execution or attachment. It is said, in support of this position, that money, held by a person as

JANUARY, TERM, 1838.

125

[Beaston v. The Farmers' Bank of Delaware.]
assignee of a bankrupt, or trustee of an insolvent, cannot be attached for a debt due by the bankrupt or insolvent, at the suit of any particular creditor. Sergeant- on Attachment, 83. But the-.reason is obvious. An assignment, in law or in fact, divests the bankrupt or insolvent of the property, and transfers it to the assignee in trust for the creditors in general: so that the bankrupt has no interest to attach. And besides, to permit an attachment in favour of a particular creditor to lie, would be subversive of the whole policy of the bankrupt and insolvent laws; under which the assignment is intended to.operate for the benefit of all creditors. And so with regard to property or money taken by a sheriff in execution, or money paid into court, it is considered as already in the custody of the law. But the appointment of receivers is, per se, no transfer or assignment of the property into their hands; nor does it bring the property, until taken into the actual possession of the receivers, under the protection of the court, so that the court can punish for any interference with it by attachment or otherwise. Indeed, this position is admitted and assumed by the United States; and it may be added, by the judges of the circuit court themselves, in the proceedings which were had. in' that court to recover the judgment in favour of the United States against the Elkton Bank.
The debt from Beaston was not regarded in those proceedings us 'actually.or constructively in the possession, or-under the control of the receivers, or under the immediate protection of the court; else why was an attachment, similar in all its features to the attachment of the Farmers' Bank, issued in the sahne manner, for the same debt, and against the same person ? .Why was not that process, or some other, directed against the receivers,lif the appointment of them operated as a transfer or assignment of this debt? Why, too, if. after the appointment of them, any intermeddling, by the Farmers' Bank, with the property or credits of the Elkton Bank, was a contempt of the circuit court; did the judges of that same court, sitting as a court of law, authorize (without requiring leave to be asked) similar proceedings in favour of the United States? Besides, it is not understood how Beaston can avail himself of any act of contempt, on the part of the Farmers' Bank, towards the circuit court, as a defence to an action at law against him; vhen no interference on the part of that court has been attempt6 d or sought. Until the case of Angell v.
Smith settled the question, it seems to have been a matter of doubt, whether an ejectment might not be brotqght, without leave of court,

SUPREME COURT.
[Beastn v. The Farmers' Bank of"Delaware.] for lands even in the actual possession of a receiver, under the appointment of the court. 9 Vesey, jr., R. 3j5. There the court determined the question in the negative, by regarding the case of receivers as analogous to that of sequestratQrs; stating that it was clearly a contempt of court to disturb sequestrators in possession. Now, if the analogy between sequestrators andreceivers be so striking as to compel the court to determine the law in one respect as to the one, by ascertaining how it stood in relation to the other; taere can be no reason for supposing that it would not apply the same principles of law to both, in every case where the analogy could be traced. In the same case of Angell v. Smith, the chancellor said, that the court of king's bench had decided that, where a sequestration is awarded to collect money, to pay a demand in equity, if it is not executed: that is, if the sequestrators do not take possession; and a judgment creditor takes out execution, notwithstanding the sequestration awarded, there may be a levy under the execution: and hence I think that it may with reason be inferred,. that if a receiver does not take possession, and an execution or attachment issues at the suit of a creditor, there may be a levy. Here it is admitted, that up to the time of the decision of the Supreme Court, which was long subsequent to the date of the attachment in favour of the Farmers'. Bank, the receivers never had collected or received, or by any, process of law, attempted to collect or receive, the. debt due from Beaston. This decision, in the case of Angell v. Smith, and the reasoning of the court, is deemed conclusive on this point of the case.
But in the last place, it is urged that the judgment of condemnation against Beaston, in favour of the United States, (which was rendered a long time after the date and service of the ttachment in favour of the Farmers' Bank,)And the subsequent payment thereof by Beaston; should operate as a bar to the recovery of the Farmers' Bank in this case. To the suit or proceedings on which this judgment of condemnation -was rendered, the Farmers' Bank was not a party or privy. It is unnecessary to multiply authorities to show that no one is bound by a judgment, unless he be a party to the suit, or in privity with the party. 1 Wheat. 6; 7 Cranch, 271. If the other points in this cause cannot avail Beaston, as matters of defence, the rendition of the judgment of condemnation cannot; as it will then be evident, that if he had resc:ted to this Court, as an appellate court, to review the decision of the circuit court, or had afforded the Far-

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

127

[Beaston v. The Farmers' Bank of Delaware.] mers' Bank, (by giving notice of the attachment of the United States,) an opportunity of vindicating its rights by so doing, he would.have
escaped the consequences of that judgment as the facts involved in that case are the same which exist in this. In the concluding language of the opinion of the court of appeals of Maryland, " it is undoubtedly a hardship on the defendant (Beaston) to be compelled twice to pay the same debt. But it must be recollected that the plaintiff (the Farmers' Bank) h4d a prior attachment, which operates as a. lien; and it would be a still greater hardship that'such plaintiff
should lose his lien, thus legally acquired, by the judgment of a court, in a cause to which he was no party, and of which wu nave no evidence that he had, in aiy manner, any, notice. If the, defendant failed to take the proper steps, in the predicament in which he was placed, to defend and protect his interests; it is but fair that he should, suffer the consequences. Had notice been given of this attachment by the United States, the plaintiff might have vindicated his rights, and had an opportunity of asserting his anterior lien; and of obtaining the decision of the appellate court, had it become necessary. Nor is it perceived why it would nothave been competent'for the defendant, in this conflict of claims against him, to have brought the conflicting parties into chancery; where the rights and priority of each might have been adjudicated without prejudice io him. But last of all,'would the defendant be entitled to avail himself of the judgment of the United States, recovered against him; since, from the examination of the record of that suit, it appears that his. defence was taken solely on the plea of nulla bona; a d'fence which could certainly have been of nO avail, when it appeared, by the answers filed to the interrogatories of the United States that he was indebted to the Elkton Bank of Maryland: and although in the answers, he adverts to the attachment issued against him by the Farmers' Bank of Delaware, he has not plead such attachment as pending against him, whereby he could obtain the opinion of the court in relation to its priority. In every aspect, therefore, in which we can view the decision below, [Cecil county court,] we are brovight to the conclusion that it cannot be sustained." In conclusion, it is added, that it appears clearly that this opinion of the court of appeals of Maryland, must be sustained by this Court throughout.

Mr. Butler, attorney general, in. reply: Most of the views presented by the learned counsel for the de-

SUPREME COURT.
[Beaston v. The Fai'mers' Bank of Delaware.]
fendantin error, have been sufficiently met in the oral arguments at the bar; to which, and especially to the argument of fhe associate counsel, the Court are respectfully referred.
In addition to ihe reasoning and authorities then submitted, the following remarks are offered':
1. It is conceded, that no lien on the property of the debtor is created by the statutes, until the.-priority given by-them actually attaches. If, therefore, before the right of priority accrues, the debtor makes a bona fide conveyance of his' estate to a third person, or mortgages it to secure a debt; or if his property be seized under an execution, or be attached in cases where such a remedy is given; the United States, though, the facts necessary to entitle them to a preference should afterwards occur, 'will have no claim on the property so sold,, mortgaged, levied on, or attached.
Even when the priority of the United States has actually attached, there is, strictly-speaking, no lien on -the property in. the hands of the executors or administrators, assignees, or trustees, as the case may be; but only'a claiin on the ffund in their hands,.and various remedies against them for its faithful application. "'hat is to say, the executors, &c. may sell the property and transfer a valid title, and' the purchaser will hold it free from any lien in favour of the United States; who cannot specifically reclaim the property from the purchaser, but must look to the executor, &c. But the right of the United States to be first paid, when the facts, have occurred which give them a priorityis a right which will be protected; even before the debtor's property has been converted into money, by his executors, &c. in the same way, and' to the same extent, as the right of any .other cestui que trusf. Thus, if the eXecutors, &c. be insolvent, and be about to waste the property ot' misapply its proceeds, recei~vers may be appointed, at the instance of the- United States; and :they will be entitled to such other preventive reme'dies, as may be necessary to render their priority effectual.
Aiter the priority has attached, the debtor's property is incapable of being levied on or attached by any other creditor, in any such way as to defeat that priority. If this be not so, the statutes, giving the preference, would be useless; and that it is so, is necessarily implied, in every case on the subject decided by the courts.
The foregoing observations, it is believed, dispose of the iritroductory remarks of the defendant's argument.

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

[Beaston v. The Farmers' Bank of Delaware.] 2. The opposing' argument denies,: that the United States ever

had any right to priority of payment against the Elkton Bank.

It is contended, on the part of the Uhited States, that before the

issuing of the attachment in favour of the Farmers' Banik, (Sept. 24th,

1830,) the United States had acquired, as against the Elkton Bank,

a right to priority of payment out of its effects; not by the execution.

of a voluntary assignment of all its property, but by its insolvency,

and its commission of an act of legal bankruptcy, within the mean-

ing of the statutes in question. The whole argument under the

fourth proposition, that there was here no 'voluntary assignmen t by' the Elkton Bank, for the benefit of its creditors, may therefore be

laid out of the case.

Our positions are, that the Elkton Bank was capable of becoming

insolvent, and committing acts of legal bankruptcy, within the true

intent and meaning of the acts of congress; and that it did so as early

as December, 1829, when it applied to the legislature of Maryland

for a special lIw to wind up its affairs: especially asthis application

had been preceded by a non user of the chief franchises of the cor-

poration, from March, 1829, and the recovery of ajudg ient against

them, in favour of the United States. This is not the case of mere

inability to pay; it is a case of utter, acknowledged, and notorious

insolvency; and these acts are acts of legal bankruptcy. In this view, it is of no moment whatever, that the trustees, under the speciallaw,

were not duly appointed, or did not accept; though, if the priority

had been claimed here, as in Brent v. The Bank of Washington, 10

Peters, 597, on the grou-nd of a voluntary assignment, those points

would have been material.

If the Elkton Bank did not become insolvent, and commit acts of

legal bankruptcy, in December,

1829;

yet, when

6
t

the

circumstances

which had then occurred, we add the appointment of receivers, in

April, 1830, by the circuitcourt, and'the proceedings of the stock-

h6lders, in May, 1830; surely we have an accumulation of notorious

and decisive facts, exhibiting in the fullest manner, and in pursuance

of law, the utter insolvency of the corporation.

Wherf the ifisolvency or -icts of bankruptcy required by the sta-

tutes, have actually occurred, the priority eo instanti attaches;. al-

though some time may elapse before a trustee be formally appointed.

Every person indebted to the insolvent, or in possession of his 'pro-

perty, becomes, as to such debt or property, the trustee of the United

States, from the moment he has notice of their priority. Should he

VOL. XII.-R

SUPREME COURT.
[Beaston v. The, Farmers' ,Bank of Delaware.] actually pay over the debt, or deliver the property to another creditor7 pursuant to the judgment of a state court, before hd has notice of the claim of the United States, this would undoubtedly protect him. But nothing of this sort occurred in the present case. Beaston, before the judgment recovered against him by the defendant in error, had received, through the summons of the United States, under-the act of 1818; which was served on him, on the 19th of October, 1831; legal notice of the claim of the United States; and though he pleaded the pendency of'the attachment in favour of the defendant in error, this plea was justly regarded as unavailing. Now, it will appear by the record, that, although Beaston was served with that attachment, in September, 1830, he was not required ,to plead to it until April term, .1834; when a case stated was agreed on by the parties, containing, among other things, all the proceedings in favour, of the United States, together with the fact ihat the debt had been paid to them, agreeably to the judgment of condemnation.
The circumstances here stated, entirely distinguish this case from Prince v. Bartlett, 8 Cranch, 431, so much relied on by the other side. There, the property of the debtor was attached by his private creditors, on the 4th of June, 1810., He was then bound to the United States, in certain duty bonds, which, however, were not then payable; nor did they become payable until August, in which month they wefe put in. suit. Executions in favour of the United States, were issued on the 18th of September following, when it appeared that the debtor was insolvent; but no legal act of bankruptcy had been committed even then. In this state of things, and especially as the debt to the United States did not become due and payable until after the service of the attachment; it was very properly decided that the United States were not entitled to the priority claimed by them. But the opinion of the Court, pages 433, 434, very clearly shows, that had the debt been due to the United States, and had a legal act of' bankruptcy been committed, (as is contended is the case here,) before the service of the attachment, the priority would have attached, aind would not have been defeated by the service of the attachment.
3. In answer to the remarks relative to the effect of the appointment of receivers, and on the judgment of condemnation, the learned argument of the counsel who opened the cause, on his second and third points, is referred to.

JANUARY TERM; 1838.

131

[Beaston v. The Farmers' Bank of Delaware.] Mr. Justice M'KINLEy delivered the opinion of the Court.,
This is a writ of error to the judgment of the court of appeals, for
the eastern shore of Maryland, reversing the judgment of the Cecil
county court.,
The defendant in error sued out and prosecuted a writ ot attachment fieri facias against the plaintiff in error, in said county court, upon a judgment, previously obtained, against the E lkton BanV of
Maryland; upon which the, sheriff returned that he had attached goods and chattels, rights and credits, of the president and directors of said Elkton Bank, in the hands of the plaintiff in error, the sum of five hundred dollars.
Upon the trial of the cause, the following agreed case was submitted by the parties to the court for its judgment: "It is agreed in this case, that in 1828, the United States instituted a suit against the Elkton Bank, in the circuit court of the United States, at the December term, 1829; a verdict and judgment were rendered in said suit, in favour of tha United States, for twenty-one thousand two hundred dollars; on which judgment a fieri facias was issued at April term, 1830, and returned nulla hona: but it is admitted, that at the time, the said presiderrt and directors of the Elkton Bank had a large landed estate, which has been since sold, and applied to satisfy, in-part, the said judgment; which landed estate, together with all other effects or property belonging to the bank, would not enable the bankto pay its debts, and that the same property and effects are not sufficient to pay the said debt due to the United States; and it is 4dmitted, that the bank was then unable to pay its debts. An appeal was prosecuted, but no appeal bond given; and the judgment was affirmel in the Supreme Court, at the January term, 1832. At the April term, 1830, of the circuit court, a bill in equity was filed against the said bank, at the suit of the United States; and Nathaniel Williams and John Glenn were appointed, by an order of court, receivers, with authority to take possession of the proper~y of said bank, to dispose of the same, and to collect all debts due to it, as appears by the record ,marked exhibit A; which receivers gave bond, on the 14th day of June, 1830, and proceeded to execute their trust. The rc -ords marked exhibit A and exhibit B, herewith filed, are to be considered as part of this case stated. At December session, 1829, application was made to the legislature of Maiyland, by the several persons who were the acting president and directors of the said bank, for the act which was passed at that session, ch. 170; which, with all other acts

132

SUPREME COURT.

[Beastoxi v. The Farmers' Bank of Delaware.]
relating to said bank, are to be considered as part of this statement. A meeting of the stockholders, convened on the 17th day of May, 1830, which was the third Monday of said month, but without the notice mentioned and required by the act incorporating the bank, and its supplements; and at the said meeting, a majority of the stockholders appointed two, trustees, in conformity with the provisions of said act, who declined acceptin'g; and no trustees have ever since been appointed, nor has there since been an annual, or other meeting of the stockholders, or an election of directors; nor have there been any banking operations carried on by any persons professing to be
the corporation of the Elkton Bank, since March, 1829.
"At September term, 1828, the Elkton Bank obtained a judgment
against George Beaston for the sum which is attached in this suit; which, at the time of issuing and service of this attachment, had not 'been paid by Beaston. At April terni 1830, the Farmers' Bank of
Delaware obtained, in Cecil county court, a judgment against the
president and directors of the Elkton Bank for five thousand dollars, with intereht from 9th December, 1825, till paid, and costs; and be-
fore the appointment and bonding of the receivers, as aforesaid, and on the 24th September, 1830, upon that judgment issued this attach-
ment, and attached,. in the hands of said Beaston, the sum of five hundred dollars; and after this attachment was issued and served, and after the affirmation'of the judgment of the. circuit court by the Supreme Court, attachment was issued by the United States, and thf other proceedings had, as appears from the record marked B: and
Beaston has actually paid and satisfied to the United States the amount for which judgment of condemnation was rendered against him in the circuit court. It is admitted, that up to the time of the decision in the Supreme Court, the said receivers had never collected or received, or by any process of ,law attempted to collect or'receive,
the said debt, attached in- this case. The question for the opinion of the court is, whether the plaintiff can sustain the present attachment?" Whereupon the court rendered judgment in favour of the defendant; and, upon an appeal taken by the plaintiff, the court of
appeals reversed the judgment of the county court..
In the argument here, the counsel for the plaintiff in error made
the following points: First, the 1PIkton Bank of Maryland, is a per-
son, within the meaning of the act of congress of.the 3d of March, 1797, giving priority of payment to the United States: secondly, by a proper construction of that act, the plaintiff in error having paid to the

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

133

[Beaston v. The Farmers' Bank of Delaware.] United States the amount which he owed to the Elkton Bank, is not liable to the defendant in error: thirdly, the appointment of receivers by,the circuit court, with power to take possession of the property of th6 bank, and to sell and dispose of the same, and to collect all debts due to it, was such an assignment of its property as to give the right of priority to the United States: fourthly, the election of trustees, by the stockholders of the bank, under the act of the Maryland legislature, was also such an assignment of the property of the bank as to give the right of priority to the United States: and for these reasons, they contended, the judgment of the court of appeals ought to be reversed.
The counsel. for the defenda- in error resisted all the grounds assumed by the counselfor the pllaintiff in error; and insisted that, by a fair construction of the fifth section of the act, and the former adjudications of this Court,. the priority therein provided for, did not attach to the fund belonging to the Elkton Bank, in the hands of the plaintiff in error.
The section rbferred to is in these words: "That when any revenue officer, or other person hereafter "becoming indebted to the United States, by bond or otherwise, 'hall become insolvent, or where the estate of any deceased person, in the hands of executors or administrators, shall be insufficient to pay all the debts due from the deceased, the debt due to the United States shall be first satisfied; and the priority, hereby established, shall be deemed to extend as well to cases in which a debtor, not having sufficient property to pay all his dbbts, shall make a'voluntary assignment thereof, or in which the effects of an absconding, concealed or absent debtor, shall be attached by process of law, as to cases in which an act of legal bankruptcy shall be committed.'
From the language employed in this section, and the construction given to it, from time to time, by this Court, these rules are clearly established: first, that no lien is created by' the statute: secondly, the priority, established can never attach while the debtdr continues the owner and in the possession-of the property, although he mav be unable to pay all, his debts: thirdly, no evidence, can be received of the insolvency of the debtor, until he has been divested of, his property in one of the modes stated in the section: and, fourthly, whenever he is thus divested of his property, the person who becomes invested with the title, is thereby made a'trustee for the United States, and is bound-to pay their debt first out of the proceeds of the .debtor's

SUPREME COURT.
[Beaston v. The Farmers' Bank of Delaware.]
property. The United States v. Fisher, 2 Cranch, 355*- The United States v. Hooe et al. 3 Cranch, 73; Prince v. Bartlett, SCranch, 431; Conard v. The Atlantic Insurance Company, 1 Peters' Rep. 439; Conard v. Nicholl, 4 Petees' Rep. 308; Brent v. The l ank of Washington, 10 Peters' Rep. 596.
If the Elkton Bank of Maryland is not a person, within the meaning of the act, no law of congress was drawn in question in the court below; and consequently, the -question of priority did not arise. That court having decided upon the legal effect of the several acts 4one by the circuit court of the United States; and, also, upon the legal effect of the election of trustees by the stockholders of the bank, under the act of Maryland: which several acts were relied upon, by the plaintiff in error, as being an assignment of all the property of the bank, or as constituting an act equivalent to such an assignment; the question, whether the bank is a person, within the -meaning of the act of congress, was necessarily decided. It lies at the foundation of the whole proceeding; and if we now decide, that the bank is not a person, within the meaning of the act, under the 25th section of the judiciary act of 1789, it will be our duty to-dismiss the writ of error for waut of jurisdiction. Inglis v. Coolidge, 2 Wheat. 363; Miller v. Nieholls, 4 Wheat. 311; Crowell v. Randell, and Shoemaker v. Randell, 10 Peters' Rep. 368: M'Kinney et al. v. Carroll, decided at the present term of this Court. We must, therefore, inquire whether the bank is aperson,within the meaning of the act of congress.
All debtor* to the United States, whatever their character, and 6y wfiatever mode bound, may be fairly included within the language used in the fifth section. of the act of congress. And it is manifest, that congress intended to give priority of payment to the United States over all other Creditors, in the cases stated therein. It therefore lies upon those who claim exemption from the operation of the statute, to show that they are not within its provisions. No authority has been adduced to show, that a corporation may not, in the construction of statutes, be regarded as a natural person: while, on the contrary, authorities have been cited which shov, that corporations are to be deemed and considered as persons,when the circumstances in which they are placed, are identical with those of natural persons, expressly included in such statutes. As this statute has reference to the public good, it ought to be liberally construed. United States v. The State Bank of North Carolina, 6 Peters' Rep. 29. As this question has been frlly decided by this Court, other authorities need not be cited.

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
.[Beaston v. The Farmers' Bank of Delaware.] In the case of the United States v. Amedy, 11 Wheat. 392, which 'was a prosecution for destroying a vessel at sea with intent to prejudice the underwriters, The Boston Insurance Company; the section of the statute under which he was prosecuted, subjected to the penalty of death any person, being owner, or part owner, who should burn, destroy &c., any ship or vessel, with intent to prejudice any person or persons, that had underwritten, or should underwrite any policy of insurance, &c. The Court, in delivering the opinion, siays. "Another question, not raised in the court below, has been raised here, and upon which, as it is vital to the prosecution, we feel ourselves called upon to express an opinion. It is, that a corporation is not a person within the meaning of the act of congress. If -there had been ,any settled course of decisions on this subject, in criminal cases, we should certainly, in a prosecution of this nature, yield to such a construction of the act. But there is no such course of decision. The, mischief, intended to be reached by the statute, is. the same whether -it respects private or corporatepersons." After citing 2 Inst. 736, and some other authorities, the opinion proceeds thus: " Finding, therefore, no authority at common law which overthrows the doctrine of Lord Coke, we do not think that we are entitled to'engraft any such constructive exception upon the text of the statute." This case, we think, is decisive of the question. And the fact, that the Elkton Bank cannot be brought within all, the predicaments stated in the statute, proves nothing; if it can be brought within any one or more
of *them. The record in this case abundantly proves, that a bank may be-
come largely indebted to the United States, and not have property sufficient to pay all its debts. If to these facts were superadded the fact of a vbluntary assignment by the bank, of all its property, in any mode authorized by law; the right of the United States to priority'w9uld be clearly established.
This brings us to the consideration of the second point raised by the plaintiff in error. The agreed case shows that the attachment fieri facias, upon the judgment of the defendant in error, against the Elkton Bank, issued on the 24th day of September, 1830; and attached in the hands of the plaintiff in error the sum in controversy. The attachment in favour of the United States did not issue until the 8th day of July, 1831. And -the plaintiff in error, in answering the interrogatories propounded to.him in that proceeding, stated, .that in October, in the year 1830, an attachment, at the suit of the Farmers'

SUPREME COURT.

[Beqston v; The Farmers' Bank of Delaware.]
Bank of Delaware, against him, as garnishee of the Elkton Bank of

Maryland, was served on him, retqrnable to Cecil county court,

where saidattachment was still depending.' The money thus attached in the hands of the plairtiff'in error, by legal process, before the

issuing of the attachment in behalf of the United States, was bound

for the debt for which it was legally attached, by a writ, which is in the nature of an execution; and the right of a private creditor,

thus acquired, could not be defeated by the process subsequently

issued on the part of the United States. Prince v. Bartlett, 8

Cranch, 431.

We are next to inquire into the legal effect of the appointment of

receivers by the circuit court. Without deciding whether a circuit

court of the United States has authority, in a case like this, to appoint

receivers, with power to take possession of all the property of a

debtor of the United States; it is sufficient to say, in this case, that it.

does not appear" that the power conferred on the receivers was ever

executed: and if it had been, it would not have been a transfer and

possession of the property of the Elkton Bank, within the meaning

of the act of congress: and, therefore, the priority could not have at-

tached to the -fundsin their hands.

The only remaining question is, whether the election of trustees,

by the stockholders of the Elkton Bank, under the statute of Mary-

land was such an assignment of all the property of the baik, as

would entitle the United States to priority of payment out of its

funds. In the investigation of this branch of the subject, it is not ne-

cessary to inquire into the regularity of the election of the trustees.

Suppose it to have been perfectly regular, in all respects, did it so

operate as to divest the ElktQn Bank of its property? No one can

be divested of his property, by any mode of conveyance, statutory

or otherwise, unless at the same time, and by the same conveyance,

the grantee becomes invested with the title. As the trustees refused

to accept the trust, none was created; and the election thereby be-

came inoperative and void, and the property remained in the bank.

Brent v. The Bank of Washington, 10 Peters' R. 611; Hunter v.

The United States, 5 Peters' R. 173. "The moment the transfer of property takes place, under the statute,

the

person

taking

it,

whi

ther

Dy

voluntary' assigntmenc

-
a O

y vpeh- l

tion of law, becomes bound to the United States for the faithful

performance of the trust. Conatd v. The Atlantic Insurance Com-.

pally, 1 Peters' R. 439. As thet itle t the property of the bank did

not pass t6 the trustees by virtue of fhe election, there was no, fun',.

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

187

[Beaston v. The Farmnirs' Bank of Delaware.]
to which the priority of the United States could attach; there was no one authorized or bound.to execute a trust under the statute: therefore, no legal bar was opposed to the right of recovery and satisfaction of the debt due by the Elkton Bank to the defendhnt in error.
Upon the whole, it is the opinion of the Court, there is no error in the judgment of the court of appeals.

Mr. Justice STORY, dissenting. 1 dissent from so much of the opinion delivered by the Court in this case, as decides that a corporation is a person within the sense of the 5th section of the act of 1797, ch. 74. I have no doubt, whatsoever, that.in a legal and technical sense, a corporation is a person; and that under that denomination, it may be included within the provisions of a statute, where the language and provisions and objects of the statute equally apply to corporations and to private persons. My dissent is-founded upon this ground, that neither'the language nor the provisions of the 5th section of the act of 1797, ch. 74, are applicable to the case of corporations: but that they apply exclusively to priirate persons; and cannot, without violence to the words and the objects of that act, be strained so as to reach corporations. I think that the persons intended by the act, are such persons only as may be brought within each of the predicaments stated in the act. The language of the 5th section is, "That where any revenue officer, or other person hereafter becoming indebted to the United States, by-bond or otherwise, shall become insolvent, or where the estate of any. deceased person, in the hands of executors or administrators, shall be insufficient to pay all the debts due from the deceased, the debt due to the United States shall be first satisfied: and the priority hereby established, shall be deemed to extend as well to cases in which a debtor, not having sufficient property to pay all his debts, shall make :a voluntary assignment thereof, or in which the effects of an absconding, concealed or absent debtor, shall be attached by process. of law, as to cases in which an act of legal bankruptcy shall be committed2' Now, the statute, ibanifestly, in this provision, contemplates two classes of cases; insolvency inter vivos; and insolvency upon the death of a debtor. It is plain that the last class cannot have been intended to include corporations; for if it were to be supposed that they conld be "deceased debtors," yet by no reasonable use of language, can it be said that they con have executqrfs or administrators,
I VOL. XII.-S

SUPREME COURT.
[Beaston v. The Farmers' Bank.of Delaware.].
or estate in the hands of executors or administrators. The other class of'cases, is of insolvency inter vivos. Which are these? First, cases in which a debtor not having sufficient property to pay all his debts, shall make a voluntary assignment thereof; that is, of all his property. It certainly is practicable for a corporation to be in this predicament; if by its charter and constitution it is capable of making such a general assignment. 3ut I must say, that independent of some special and positive law; or provision in its charter to such an effect, I do exceedingly doubt, if any corporation, at least without the express assent of-all the corporators, can rightfully dispose of all its property by such a general assignment, o as to render itself incapable in future of performing any of its corporate functions. That would be to say, that a majority of a corporation had a right.to extinguish the corporation, by its own will, and at its own pleasure. I doubt that right; at least, unless under very special circumstances. Secondly, cases of an absconding, concealed or absent debtor. Now, it is plain, that in no just sense can a corporation be brought within the terms of this predicament. Thirdly, cases of legal bankruptcy. Such cases do not exist in relation to corporations. The geperal bankrupt laws of England have never been held to extend to corporations; neither have the general insolvent laws of the several states in this Union, where they exist, ever been extended to corporations. Now, my argument is this, and I wish to put it into the most precise and concise form; that the fifth section of the .act of 1797,ch. 74, was never intended to apply to any debtors or persons who were not, and might not be within every one of the classes of predicaments above stated. Corporations cannot be within three out of the four predicaments above stated; and therefore I hold, that the legislature never could have intended to embrace them within the provisions of the secton.
I dissent from the opinion upon this point, upon another and independent ground; and that is, that the opinion is wholly extrajudicial, and unauthorized by law. That the question was not made or decided in the court below; and that unless it was so made and decided, it cannot be re-examined in this Court. This is a writ of error, not to a circuit court of the United States, but to the highest court of a state; and brought here for our revision, under the 25th section of the judiciary act of 1789, ch. 20. That secfion expressly declares, that upon such a writ of error "no other error shall be assigned, or regarded .as a groupd of reversal in any such case as aforesaid, than such as appears on the face of the record, and immediately

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

139

[Beaston v. The Farmers' Bank of Delaware.] respects -he beforementioned questions of the validity or construction of the said constitution, treaties, statutes, commissions or authorities in dispute." The precedifng part of the same section, authorizes the writ of error only when the decision of the state court has been against the validity or construction of the constitutidn, treaties, statutes, commissions or authorities stated in the section. So that it is manifest, and so has been the uniform course of this Court, that no question not mdde in the court below, on which its judgment ultimately turned, can be made, or is re-examninable here. I have already said, that it is apparent upon this record, that no such point arose, or decision was made in the court of appeals of Maryland; and, therefore, I cannot but consider the decision here pronounced upon it, as coram non judice; and in no just sense, obligatory upon us, or upon our successors.
I know that my brother, Mr. Justice BARBOUR, held the same opinion as I do, on this question. His departure from the Court before the opinion in this case was pronounced, does not entitle me to speak further in his behalf.

Mr. Justice BALDWIN concurred with Mr. Justice STORY in the opinion delivered by him ; and with the majority of the Court, in affirming the judgment of the court of appeals.

Mr. JusticQ M'LEAN concurred with Mr. Justice STORY.

This cause came on to be heard, on the transcript of the record from the court of appeals for the Eastern Shore of Maryland, and was argued by counsel. On consideration. whereof, it is now here adjudged, and ordered by this Court, that the judgment of the said court of appeals in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed;
with costs.

204

SUPREME COURT.

JAMES GALOWAY, JUNIOR, APPELLANT V. HENRY DAVID BARR, APPELLEES.

R. FINLEY AND

C. B., a man resident in Ohio, as an officer in the Virginia line, during the revolutionary war, was entitled to ajquantity of military land in the state of Ohio.. Warrants for the land were issued to him, and were 'surveyed, located, arid. patented. In 18,5, the heirs of C. B. sold part of these lands to G., who went into possession of them. He soon afterwards discovered that the. patent for these lands issued afer the decease of C. B., and was consequently void. the land had been recogjimsed .for forty years, asrthe property of C. B. and -his heirs, and the title in them deemed valid. G., on makinga discovery of the defects in the patent, entered
and located the land for himself. Held, that G. could not be permitted to avail himself of this defect in the title, while standing in the relation of a putchaser, to defeat the agreement to purchase, made -with the heirs of C. B. Under the most favourable ciTcumstances, he could only have it reformed; and the amount advanced to perfect the title, dedubted' from the unpaid purchase money. Where the purchaser, instead of claiming from his vendors the cost of entering and surveying the lands, the defect in the title to which had become known to him through h's purch"6, claims to hold the land as his own, under the title acquired by his entry and survey; and asks a court of equity to rescind the contract of purchase; a court of equity will oech,,e giving,him its aid to obtain the expenses of the warrants and surveys taken out by him tor the land, and set -up against the rights of his vendors. It is An established rule in equity, thit when the vendor of land has not the power to.miake atitle, the vendee may, before the time of performance, enjoin the payment of the purchase money, until'the ability to comply with the agreement is shown; but then the court will give a reasonable time to procure the title, ifAt appears probable that it may be protcured. In reforming a contract for the sale of lands, equity treats the purchaser as a trustee .for the vendor, because he holds fnder the vendor; and acts done to benefit the title by the Vendor, when in possession of the lands, enure to the benefit of him
under whom the possession was obtained, and through whom the knowledge that a defect in the title existed.was "derived. The vendor and vendee shared in the relation of landlord and tenant; the vendee cannot disavow the vendor's title. A patent for hJnds'issued after the decease of the patentee, passes no title to the lands; there must be a grantee before thle grant can take effect. The acts of congress of 1807, and the subsequent acts relative to the titles to military lands, were intended to remedy,'ny defects in the patenting the lands in the, name of the warrantee, who might have been deceased at the .timq of the emanation"of the patent; and to secu re the title to the lands to the heirs of the patentee. The statute is general, including by name ill grants, not distinguishing between void and valid; and the plainest rules of propriety and justice, require, that the courts'should not introduce an exception, the legislature having made none.

APPEAL from the circuit court of the United States, for the western district of PennsylVania, in the third circuit.

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

265

[Gall6way v.'Finley et al.]The appellant filed his bill on the 19th of October, 1835, stating, that on the 11th of March,; 1835, he entered into an article of agreement with David Barr' acting -as attorney for his wife, Elizabeth Julia -Ann, who thereby became a party to the same. The agreemerit stated that Charles Bradford, late of Pennsylvania, obtained for his services as an officer-in the Virginia continental line, a land warrant, N'o 4467, for 2666 acres of land, which was entered, surveyed, and patented in three surveys in the Virginia military district, in Green and Brown counties, in the state of Ohio. That Charles Bradford died intestate, leaving four children, two of whom died without issue, and intestate, leaving Henry R. Finley, and Elizabeth Julia Ann, his onily surviving heirs. 'Elizabeth Julia Ann married John Finley, and died, leaVing two children, Henry, and Elizabeth Julia Ann, who are the only hirs of their mother,- and are entitled to one undivided half of the' said military land. That Henry R. Finley, and Elizabeth -Julia Ann, the wife of David Barr, sold to the complainant an undivided moiety of the two surveys in Green county,.in consideration of an agreement to pay eight thousand dollars; of Which one thousand dollars was paid, and n'otes
given to Henry R. Finley, -and to the wife of David Barr, for the residue due,-payable in equal instalments, in one, two, and-three years; viz., on the first of January, 1837, 1838, 1839. The defendants, and the wife of Barr, dovenanted that they were the persons they represented themkelves to be, and that they were seised and- possessed of a good legal title to the lands they sold to the complainant; and bound themselves, their heirs,, &c., to make him,his heir , &c., a g6od. title in fee simple, as soon as he should pay the purchase money. That defendants asserted they had in possession the evidences of the title of defendant, Finley, and the wife'of Barr, to the tla; and that a -letter of 'attorney had been executed and acknowledged by. Barr's ·wife to himself, authorizing him to sell and convey her title in the land; that they had then just discovered that they had not brought these papers with them, and to induce appellant to lose the contract, promised to send him the papers as soon as they should return home: confiding in the existence of the papers; and the promise to forward them to him, he concluded the agreement. The complainant says he paid down -the one thousand dollars, and one hundred and four dollars; the latter credited on the last note. That since the date of the contract, Barr's wife has died. intestate, and without issue, being a minor at her death. That defendants have not pro.
VOL. XIL.-2 L

'SUPREME COURT
[qalloway v. Finley et al.]
duced their title papers, nor letter of attorney. That defendants cannot perform their contract, nor make a good title to the land., be-
cause Charles Bradford died in 1789; and the'lands were entered in his name, on the 19th of April, i793; and the tract of one thousand acres was surveyed the 14th of February, 1794: and the survey of the tract of twelve hundred acres, was made the 24th of March, 1794: the entries and surveys being made about four years after his death.
The complainant, averring his readiness to perform, prays that the article of agreement may be deemed annulled and cancelled; that the money be refunded, with inthrest, and the notes enjoined, and the collection restrained; and for general relief.
The defendants, Finley and Barr, on the 19th of January, 1830, answered jointly, admitting the contract as stated in the bill, and that H. R. Finley, and Elizabeth Julia Ann Barr, wife ofLDvid Barr, were the'children, and sole heirs of Elizabeth Julia Ann Finley, daughter of Charles Bradford, and entitled, as such, to a moiety of the lands inquestion; and that they told the appellant they had, in Pennsylvania, eviddnce tliat defendant, Finley, and the wife- of defendant, Barr, were the heirs of Elizabeth Julia Ann Finley; all which they assert to be true, and can prove. The defendants deny that they represented they had in possession any title papers, or any evidence except that which would prove the heirship of defendants, Finley, and the wife of Barr. On the contrary, they told the 'complainant they lad no title papers, and that they had'only recently been in-, formed of the existence of the land; and that the defendant, Finley, and the wife of Barr, had any title thereto. The complainant told defendants he had loAg known that the heirs of Elizabeth Julia Ann Finley were entitled to one undivided half of said lands; that lie had a record of their names; had made inquiries for them: that. he had beeni anxious to buy the interest of. defendant, Finley, in the lands; as he, the complainant, had sold the said lands, and bound himself to give good titles, and he feared some other person would purchase the interest of the defendant, Finiey, and his sister, and give him trouble., The complainant stated at the time, that he knew all about the title; and that if defendant, Finley, and his sister, Elizabeth Julia Ann Barr, were the children of Mrs. Finley, he was satisfied as to their right to the lands. Defendants admit that they agreed to forward to appellant evidence that defendant, Finley, and his sister, were children of Mrs. Finley, and meant to do so; but the death of

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Galloway v. Finley et al.]
Mrs. Barr, caused it to be neglected. The defendant, Finley, denies representing to appellant that Mrs, Barr haa, executed a letter of attorney to her husband, and that defendants had only-then discovered
that it had been left behind: he admi-s that he might have tojd appellant that Mrs. Barr was willing that her husband should sell her interest. The defendant, Barr, admits he represented that his wife was willing he should sell her interest; and that a letter of attorney
had been prepared to that effect, and left behind; but he denies r~colleetion of saying it had been executed and acknowledged, and that he supposed he had the same with him, and had then only discovered be had left it behind. He admits he promised to forward the power, but the death of hiswife prevented this being done.
The defendants deny intention or attempt to induce appellant to enter into contract, and, pay his money thereon, by fraudulent representations. They admit th payment of one thousand dollars, and one hundred and four dollars, as stated'in the bill; and that Mrs. Barr died a minor, without issue and intestate; but aver that her death did not affect their right to comply with the contract, as the interest of Mrs. Barr vested at her death in defendant, Finley; who has been, and is willing to fulfil it They deny all fraud and combination, and aver and will prove, that they made the contract in perfect good -faith, believing that defendant, Finley, and Mrs. Barr had a legal iight to a moiety of the land: the knowledge of their right chiefly came from appellant. But they deny that at the time of making the contract, they had any knowledge of the date of the entry or survey, .or of the date of C. Bradford's death: they allege, the,first intimation they had that the land was entered and surveyed after his death, was derived from the bill. They admit, from information, &c.since the bill was filed, that'they believe the said lands were entered and surveyed at the times mentioned in the bill, and since the death of Bradford; who died about the time mentioned in the bill. The defendant, Finley, avers, that as soon as he was apprized of the facts mentioned in the bill, as to the date of entry and survey, he made inquiries as to the facts, and being satisfied that they were true as alleged in the bill, he proceeded without delay to the surveyor's office in Chillicothe, to get information to take steps to procure an entry" of said lands, that he might fulfil said contract; which he is ready and anxious to comply with. But he was surprised when he ascertained that the appellant, a few days before, on the 26th September, 1835, fraudulently, and as defendant alleges, for the purpose of putting it out of

SUPREME COURT.
[Galloway v. Finley et al.J
the power of defendants to domply' with theircontract, and to defraud the defendant, Finley, out of his land's, had entered the same lands under surveys No. 2277 and No. 227b, mentioned in'the agreement; as certified copies of the entries made by appellant, and made part of the answer, will prove.
The defendants aver, that the complainant, having made these entries to further his designs, immediately filed this bill without intimating objections to their title; although defendant, Finley, had met and conversed with him at Pittsburgh, after the entries -were made, and before the bill was filed. The defendants allege, and will prove that the lands were duly entered, surveyed, and patented in the name of Charles Bradford, by virtue of which the defendant, Finley, and his said sister, at the date of contract were, as the heirs of Mrs. Finley, deceased, daughter of Charles Bradford, deceased, entitled equitably and justly to the undivided half of said lands, and had good right to sell. and convey. By the death of Mrs. Barr, a minor, without issue, her-right vested in.the defendant, Finley, as sole surviving heir of Mrs.-Finley; and being so entitled, he avers his power, readiness, and willingness to make a perfect title to the appellant for an undivided
moiety of the lands, on the fulfilment of the contract by him. The ,defendants aver that any title which the appellant may have acquired
by his entry of September 216th, i835, shall be taken" to enure to the benefit of them, for whom he holds the'lands in trust for fulfilment of the agreement; and they.pray that the bill may be dismissed, &c.
In February13th, 1837, the appellant filed his amended bill, stating that besides the money he had paid defendants on account of the contract, he released to them hig interest.to an undivided half of survey No. 4456 for 4661 acres, for the consideration of I ve hundred dol:lars. That when he made the contract with the defendants, he believed that they had a perfect title to the lands they sold him ; was ignorant that the entries, &e. had been made in the name of _man not in being; and that it was not for a considerable time afterwards he came to a knowledge that the land was vacant, and that the defendants had no power to make him a title, and that the lands were subject to entryby a holder of a Virginia militarywarrant. He had previously purchased an undivi ed half of the same lands, and paid i large consideration. Deeming it right to protect his interest in premises, on the 26th September, 1835, he caused entries No. 13,696 for i208 acres, and No. 13,697 for 1000 acres, to be ma e; and on the same day causea surveyh to be lade and returned, which were

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Galloway v. Finley et al.]
recorded 28th September, 1835. He refers to attested copies filed with the answer. The appellant charges the fact, that the lands being wholly vacant and unappropriated, he has invested hijmself with the best tltle to the same.
He prays that the defendants may answer, and also as in his origi.nal bill: or if it shall'be found that defendants, or either of them, had a good title to the land, and still have a right, to the same, and have authority to make a valid conveyance, then the appellant is ready, and tenders the full and-perfect completion of the contract on his part. And he prays for general relief.
A separate answer was made to the amended bill by David Barr; and filed Febrdary 25th, 1837.
He admits the deed of release of the appellant's interest in survey No. 4456, qnd that the consideration named -inthe deed was five hundred dollars; but denies that that sum was the true consideration, averring that one hundred and four dollars and thirteen cents, credit'ed on one of the notes as mentioned in the original bill, was the true consideration. The defendant avers, that at the time of making the contract, both defendants denied Galloway's claim to this survey, andset up the entire right to the same to be in Finley and his sister, then living; and that it was not considered nor formed any part of the contract; but after the contract was executed, Galloway urged aclaim, at least for the taxes he had paid on the survey. This defendant agreed, in consideration of the release, to refund ihe taxes paid by ere.diting the amount on the note, The sum of five hundred dollars was inserted at the instance of Galloway, t0 induce his wife, as he said, to sign the deed. The defendant, Finley, had nothing to do with this transaction. As to appellant's belief that Finley and his sister had a good title, the defendant says that the complainant represented to them'that he knew all about their title. The defendadft supposes that the appellant became acquainted with the facts that the entries and surveys had been made in the, name of a dead man, after the date of the will of Bradford had*been communicated to him. He cannot admit, that the appellant has l4y the entries, &c. in his own name, invested himself with the best and only title to the lands. The defendant d.-iies that the lands were vacant and unappropriated at the time apt pbllant entered them; but they had before been appropriated under warrants of Bradford, under whose. entry, &c. Finley and his sister had'acquired a good title, and had good right to sell and convey the same. He prays that the bill may be dismissed.

SUPREME COURT.
[Galloway v. Finley et a].] The cause was tried on the 26th of May, 1837; and the court decreed that the bill of the complainant should be dismissed. The complainant prosecuted an appeal to this Court.
The case was" submitted to the Court on printed arguments, by Mr. Corwin and Mr. Mason for the appellint; and by Mr. Fetterman for the defendants.
For the appellant the following points were made: 1. Galloway was not obliged by any 'principle of law or equity, to put the defendants in a situation to comply with their contract. Therefore he was not bound to assist them in procuring a title where none existed before. 2. Nor could mere silence and non-interference be imputed to him as a delinquency, for which his rights under the contract might be injuriously affected. 3. But Galloway did interfere. For when he discovered that the defendants had no title whatever to the land they had sold him, and that it was vacant, and might be appropriated, at any-moment, by the first warrant holder who should come to the knowledge of that fact; he entered it in his own name. .4, Was this act on the part of Galloway an interference inconsistent with any duty imposed on him by the relation of vendor and purchaser then existing between himself and defendants? Was it a breach of good faith towards them, that ought, on admitted principles, to deprive-him of the aid of a court of equity? 5. It appears from the pleadings, that Galloway had purchased, prior to the date of his contract with the defendants, an undivided moiety of the land in controversy, which he had afterwards sold and bound himself to convey by a good title; that he was urgent in his solicitations to purchase the interest of the defendants, from an apprehension as he said of having trouble, should they sell to any other person. Hence, it is maintained, that complainant had, as he asserts in his amended bill, a -" right to protect his own interest in the premises," by making the entries he did the 26th of September, 1835. 6. Galloway had no authority to re-locate the warrantof Bradford, either in hi own name, or in that of the heirs oT Bradford. But i-f he had such authority he was not bound to exercise it, and could not have done so without first returning to the general land

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
. [Galloway v. Finley et al.]
office the patent for cancellation; and then of inpurring the risk of acquiring a doubtful title.
7. He could nbt have delayed to make the entries at the time he did, without the hazard of losing the whole land; which he had already twice purchased.
8. It was certainly lawful for Galloway to secure, in the mode he has attempted to do, the undivided-half of these lands which he had long before purchased and conveyed away. To accomplish this onject he was compelled to enter the whole, inasmuch as he could not enter an undivided part of the land,
9. Ought the acts of Galloway, in appropriating these tracts of land to himself, to enure to the benefit of the defendants? The parties were not tenants in common; because the entire interest, if any thing, was vested in Galloway. But neither party had any interest legal or equitable; and there can be no tenancy in common of a mere, nonentity.
10. Unless Galloway was somehow disabled from doing what was lawful for all the world besides, he has undoubtedly acquired an equitable title to at least one undivided half of the lands. And as to the other moiety, he has an equity that ought to be protected; as the defendants, having no title themselves, can lose nothing by the acts of Galloway, unless it'should be a chance or Mtere possibility.
11. In determining upon questions of title, mere possibilities are not regarded; the court must govern itself by moral certainty. When A considerable or rational doubt exists, notwithstanding the better opinion, in the judgment of the court is that a good title can be made; a court of equity will not compel a purchaser to take the title. 2 Hoven. on Frauds, 24, 25, and cases there cited.
i2. Where the vendor has in reality no interest in the subject of the sale though he believed he had, the contract will be set aside.' 2 Hoven. on Frauds, 13.
13. A decree may be obtaincd oy a vendee to have a purchase contract delivered up, on the ground of the defective title of the vendor. 2 Hoven. on Frauds, 24.
i4. It is very properly admitted in fhe argument on the other side, as the law undoubtedly is, that entries made in the name of dead men, are null and void. But it is insisted, at the same time, that such entries are protected by the proviso to the act of the 2d of March, 1807, as against all entries made subsequent to the passage

of that, act, authority.

SUPREME COURT.
[Gallowa v. Finley et al.)
The contrary can- be maintained( both by reason and

Mi. Corwin and Mr. Mason for the appellant. The complainant has sought the aid of the Court in this case, to rescind a contract, for the sale of real estate. The facts necessary to be considered are few, and in general admitted by the pleadings'of the parties. The complainant alleges that he puichased of defendants the undivided moiety of 2200 acres of land lying in the Virginia military reservation, in Ohio; for which he was to pay, about eight thousand dollars, in payments, the last of which would become due in'1839. That-he paid one thousand dollars'at the, time of completing the, purchase, on the 11th of March, 1835. That he'also- advanced at that time, the -further sum of one hundred and four dollars, to enable the defendants to pay taxes due from them on other lands in Ohio. These facts are admitted by the answers of the defendants. It is alleged by complainant, and admitted inthe answers, and by the printed argument of d6fendants' counsel, that' complainant had, previously ta-the date of his contract with dqfendants purchased of one Finley Bradford, a co-heir with the defendants, the other moiety of the same land now in controversy. It isalleged by complainant and not denied by the defendants, that a controlling motive for entering into the contract of purchase with the defendants, arose out of the fact of his having sold parts of the land purchased of Finley Bradford, and bound himself to make titles under such sales to the purchasers. The complainant insists that at the time he purchased (March, 1835,) neither defendants of whom he purchased the last, nor Finley Bradford, their co-heir, of whom he purchased the first half of the 2200 acres of land, had any title thereto either in lhw or equity. That-the land has been since appropriated by a valid entry and survey made in September, 1835, in, another and better right; and thus he fairly comes before the court to ask a decree for the rescission of the contract; on the ground of a failure, or total want of consideration moving *fromthe defendants to him. Upon this state of facts, two general propositions are to be established: 1. That defendants had no title either in law or equity to-the land sold by them to the complainant., 2. That the land had been fairly appropriated'by anotbei, under

JANUARY TERM, 188,

273

jGalloway v. Finley et alI,
valid entry and surveys,. go that defendants never can mnake a title
for"it. The facts necessary to be known,.in order to test the validityof
the'title under which the defendants claim, are all undigputed in the, pleadings. The history of titles, in what is properly calledthe Virginia military district in the state of Ohio, is too well understood by the Court to justify its recital here. The territory, between the Little Miami- and Scioto rivers,.in Ohio, was set apart by: the state of
Virginia, to satisfy military bounties-granted by her for services rendered in the revolutionary war. By .the terms of cession of the territory north-west of the river Ohio, when the warrants for. these bounties should be satisfied, the remainder of the territory, (if any,) between the two rivers just mentioned, belonged to the United States; and became A part of the natibnal domain., Charles Bradford, under Whom defendants claim, it is admitted on all hands, held a warrant whioh authorized him to appropriate two thousand tw6.hundred acres of land, in this territory. And the question arises, whether any land whatever has been appropriated by virtue of this warrant.
It is admitted that Charles Bradford, the owner of this warrant, died'in Washington county, in the state of Pennsylvania,.in the year 1789. The entries ofthe land, by.virtue of-he warrant in question, -were made in the name of Charles Bradjbrd,in 1793, and the surveys were executed in his name in 1794. It is also admitted, that a patent has issued in his name; but when, is not shown by'the record. Thus, it is shown; that the entries were made and the surveys exe-Puted four years after the death of the proprietor of the warrant, and in his name. Did these proceedings attach to tne specific property now in controversy, any right in favour of defendants, which is ivalid either in law or equity? We do not feel ourselves at liberty to consider the proposition thus stated, as one open for discussion before this Court. It is only necessary to say here, that we consider it in all respects, as perfectly-identical with the principle fully discussed and settled by this Court, in the' ease of Galt 'nd-others v. Galloway, 4 Peters, 332; and MfDonald v. Smalley ad others, 6 Peters, 26,1.
It will be borne in mind by the Court, that although the property in question is situated within the limits and territorial jurisdictioil of Ohio, and would, therefor'e, be subject, in the hands of .ndividuals, to the legislation of that state, in all things affecting its transfer by deed or devise; yet as,a part of the piublic domain, the mode of acquiring right to it, and separating it from the mass of'public lands, is to bLJ
Voe.. XII.-,,2 M

SUPREME COURT.
[Galloway v. Finley et al.]
prescribed by the laws of Virginia; and such regulations as the United States' government have, from time to time, since the cession of Virginia, thought proper to make concerning it.
If, however, the Court should suppose -that the question of law under consideration, could in any degree be affectedby the "lex loci rei site," it will be found, that the highest judicial tribunal of Ohio has, settled this question, in exact conformity to the law as laid down by this Court. In the case of. Wallace's Lessee v. Saunders, 7 Ohio R. 179, the court, without a dissenting opinion from either of its four judges, declare, that an entry of Virginia military lands in Ohio, made in the nime of an individual, not living at the time, is not merely defective, but that it is, as this Court have said, a mere nullity; that it leaves the land open to be taken up by any one holding a warraht, as though no attempt at appropriation had ever been made.
It is proper hereto consider whether Bradford's entry, being void, as has been shown, is made valid by the act of congress, of the 2d of March, 1807, which has been continued in force, by various reenactments, up to the 31st of March, 1832: which last is still in force.
The proviso in all these acts, which is supposed by defendants' counsel to protect the entry of Bradford, under'which they-claim, is in these words: "Provided that no locations as aforesaid; within the abovementioned tracts, shall, after the passage of this act, be made on tracts of land for which patents have been previously issued, or which had been previously surveyed; and every patent whicdb may, nevertheless, be obtained for land located contrary to the provisions of this section, shall be considered as~null and void." See 7th Vol. U. S. Laws, 516; U. S. Laws, 8th vol. 531.
It is conceded by the defendants' counsel, that the proviso in question was intended to protect from interference "defective entries and patents; and that this has been the uniform construction placed upon it by the courts of the countr . We agree with this exposition of the law, and adr.it that if the entry and survey of Bradford were merely defective and not void, that they are protected by the act of congress, and the subsequent entry of Galloway is void. The case of Doddridge v. Thompson, 9 Wheat. 481, is an authority to show that the act in question was passed, as the Court there say, "to cure defects" in titles alreadyacquired.
This Court has determined, that the proviso in the act of 1807 does not prote6t a survey against locations, where the entry on which

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

275

[Galloway v. Finley et al.l
such survey was made had been withdrawn. Taylor's Lessee v. Myers, 7 Wheat. 23. In the case of Lindsey v. Miller, 6 Peters, 666, the Court declare that void enlries and void surveys are not protected by the proviso in question. In commenting on the case of Jackson v. Clark and others, repprted in 1st Peters, 628, the Court say, that they "gave effict to the act of congress in that case," because the survey was not void, but merely defective. 6 Peters, 677.
If entries and surveys made in the name of dead men are voidare mere nullities, and leave the land upon which they are made open to subsequent location, as this- Court has decided, in the case cited from 4 Peters, 332, and 6 Peters, 261; and as has been also decided in Ohio Rep. 7th vol. page 173, then it follows, that the act of congress relied upon by defendants, cannot protect the land in question, from the entry of Galloway made in September, 1835. We refer the Court here to the case in Ohio Rep, 7th vol. page 173, as an express authority upon this very point. The effect of the proviso,
in the act of 1807, upon an entry in the name of one not in life at the time, is there considered, discussed and decided by the court. We consider that as settling th6 law of this case, so far as the propo-
sition now under discussion affects it. Having arrived, we hope satisfactorily, at the conclusion that Brad-
ford's entry, being originally a nullity, left the land 'in question a part of the Virginia reservation, open to. any holder of a warrant to locate;, we come to consider whether it has been appropriated by-another, in such manner as to withdraw it forever from the power of the-
defendants.
The entries and surveys of Galloway are set forth in the record, andadmitted to be made on proper war~nts, and by competent authority. Thus far it seems quite impossible to resist the conclusion, that the land in question was vacant land, up to September, 1835;, and if Galloway's entry is good for the purpose of appropriation at all, it remains to inquire-whether such entry shall enure to his own,
or another's benefit.
It is insisted by defendants' counsel, that the relation of vendor and vendee, which subsisted between comlilainant and defendants, created a trust which obliged Galloway, as trustee for defendants, to -u.se the original warrant of defendants' ancestor, which by his death desceded to his heirs, for the purpose of appropriating the two surveys in question. It will be admitted, we are sure, that on this branch of the cane, it is incumbent on the defendants to show:

SUPREME COURT.
[Galloway v. Finley et al.]
Ist. That the contract between them and complainant, by necessary
implication, devolved this duty on the latter. 2d. That in September, 1835, When it-was discov-ered by both
parties that the land in question was vacant; it was. elearly in the powerof Galloway to make at that time a valid legal entry, by virtue of the original warrant of Charles Bradford,. deceased.
If either of these positions are dodbtful, or clearly ascertained against the defendants, then the Court 4re left no alternative but to give full effect to Galloway's entry made in September, 1835- for his benefit.
On the first proposition, it becomes necessary to inquire, to what extent the vendee of real estate may be said to stand in the relation of trustee to his vendor.. The rule we conceive to be laid down very accuratelyin %Sugden'sVendors, page 162. It is there stated, that "equity considers the vendor.-as a trustee for the purchaser of the estate-sold, and the purchaser as a trustee of the purchase money for the vendor." The same principle is. in substance determined in Greer v. Smith, 'I Atkyns, 572, and in Pollifexen v. Moore, 3d Atkyns, 272. Thus it appears, that the mutual trusts imposed'on vendor and vendee of real estate' by courts of equity, are nothing more than the'duty of performirig, in good.faith, the stipulations of their agreement. The vendor is charged.with the duty of conveying, as he has agreed to do, the estate; and the vendee is, in equity, held bound to pay the purchase money, As he has agreed to do. Hence it follows, that complainant-was' not bound by any principle of"equity to put the defendants in a situation to comply with their contract; he was noi surely bound to assist them with' money or services, to enable them to make a title to the land they had. sold; he was not. bound to. inform them that the land was vacant, because the entry on their warrant, made in the name of, and after the death of Charles Bradford, was void. It cannot be pretended, that silence or inaction on his part, would deprive him of the aid of this Court, on the pre-. tence that because he had said, or'done nothing, he had therefore acted in bad faith towards the defendants. On the contrary, the law is, that the vendors (the defendants in this case) were bound to the complainant for the knowledge in tbrec-elves, of all-these things. They expressly covenant "that they are scised and possessed of a ,good and sufficient title to the priemses hereby stated to be sold by them to the said James Galloway, jr."
They took upon themselves to know; that they had: the title ahA

JAN4UARY TERM, 838.

277

[Galloway v. Finley et al-j
right io the thing sold, and in addition to the legal obligation to that
effect, they givq an express covenant to the complainant on that subject. That the law'obliged them to know their right, or forfeit their contract, we refer the Court t6 the case of Allen v. Hammond, 11 Peters, c)3; and Hitchcock v. Giddings; Daniel's Exchequer Rep.
1, there referred to, and, approved by this Court. In the case just
cited, on page 72,. Mr. Justice M'Lean, in delivering the opinion of
the Court, says.,." The-law on this subject is clearly stated in~the case of Hitchcock v.'Giddings1, Daniel's Rep.. 1; where it is- said, 'that- a
vendor is bound to know, that he. actually has that. Which he professes to sell, and even, though the subject matter of the contract be known -to both parties to be liable to a contingency which may de-
stroy it immediately, yet, if the contingency has already hippened, the contract-is void.' " The same principle is. in substance to be found in'2 -Hovenden on Frauds 13.
Let us apply the principle of the cases just referred to, to the present. The defendants were bound to kn.ow that they had "a good legal fitle" to the land sold; they covenanted with complainAnt in March, 1835, to that effect, and.in those words: they received from the complainant 'ne thousand one hundred -and -four dollars on this contract. Seven months aftei this, (in September, 1835,) the complainiant learns, that defendants had no title whatever to the land thus sold, and the defendants adnit that they had none at that time: was not this coniract void in law,'and would it not have been so adjudged had the -case been then presented? If so, had not Galloway.a right to treat it as the, law treats it, as void, and act accordingly. In the .case of Allen v. Hammond, the Court say: "if the subject matter of the contract be known to both parties as liable to a contingency Which may destroy it immediately' yet if the contingency has already' happened, the contract is void." Here'the fact, perhaps unknown to both parties, that is, the death of Charles Bradford before the entry, was what destroyed the right to the land sold; it had happened, and therefore the contract was void the moment it was eoecuted.
Galloway being thus, in September, 1835, divested in law of all obligation to defendants under, this contract, and the land in question being vacant, he has in good faith made it his own by entering it on his own warrant; or, in other words, he has purchased it of the owner, and the only owner, with his own funds. He has left the warrant in the hands of Bradford's heirs just where he found it, unsatisfied, and unlocated. He has by his entry deprived them of nothing which

SUPREME COURT.
[Galloway v. Finley et al.] they had before his entry. Their warant is as good in the law, and worth as much, now as it ever was! It will buy two thousand two hundred acres of land any where in the Virginia reservation. If that territory is exhausted, the faith of a sovereigr state is pledged to make good the deficiency; and if that duty, as some Say, be transferred to the United States, no one can doubt the ability or the disposition on'their'part to give full indemnity in money or lands to all bona fid holders of such warrants. Let us suppose, that instead of military land the defendants had soldto complainant congress land, say section No. 10, in a given township, and range. Suppose the complainant possessed, no matter how, of eight hundred dollars in cash, belonging to defendants. The complainant, looking after his title to the l0th section, finds that it has never. been entered or bought by any one, in any way, but is open to ,entry at one dollar and twentyfive cents per acre. Would an court imagine that itthen became the duty of the complainant to take the money of the defendant in his hands, and buy of the government the 10th section in defendant's name; or could it be conceived within his province as vendee of a tract of land- at any time, to seize the money or property of the vendor, to make good the title which he had contracted for. Such is the case, as contended for by the'defendants here. The defendants, indeed, knew that such a warrant, as would appropriate'the land -in question, was said to exist; but the Court will bear in mind, that neither thewarrant nor the patent, if in existence, were then, or are now, eitherin the hands of complainant, or any one for his use. And this brings us to consider, secondly; whether it is shown by deferidants, that Galloway in September, 1835, had'it in his power to locate the original warrant of Bradford on the identical land in questim at that time, so as to make it certain that by such act he would be able to obtain a legal title without litigation to the land in question.
In the first place, the Court will remember that the warrant was not in :our possession; that we had bought and paid'for one undivided half of the 2200 acres of Fielding Bradford, who seems to have had just claim as heir, to one-half of the warrant. In the second place, a patent had issued for the identical land in controversy, which seems not to be-in the poss~ssion, of either party. We maiitain, that an assignment of the warrant, by the heirs of, Bradford, was indispensable to enable us to enter it in complainant's name. But'if it be said that our contract for the land supposed to be entered, by it is equivalent in'law to an assigninent to this we answer, that such entry

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Galloway y.Finley et ah]
would not be g6od against one holding the warrant with an assignment, without notice of our purchase. Such an assignment may have been made by Fielding Bradford, or by defendants, at any time since 1789; for from that day to this the warrant has been capable of
"such transfer, never having been lawfully located, at least so far as we are informed, by the facts in this cause. Surely, then, the Court will not say that complainant was bound, for the benefit of defendants, to run this hazard; and thus, in the event of his failure to make the warrant a good foundation for 'his entry, lose the whole land which he had fairly bought, le~ving himself to be charged with that very "imala fides," towards those who had bought of him under his purchase from Fielding Bradford, to whom it is.admitted he had bound himself to make good legal titles. Nor could the defendant' enter "an urldivided moiety" of the 2200 acres: he must, in order to make the contract of defendants good' have entered the whole; and hence it became necessary to have command of the whole warrant. Defendants only claim one-half; and what disposition-may have been made by the other heir of Bradford of his portion, is not shown to the Court, nor is it presumed to-be known by complainant. It is unknown to the Court, and so far as we know, to the parties, whether Fielding Bradford is living or dead. His half of the warrant' if he is dead, descended to his heirs at law! Who are they? Where are they? Are they minors or adults? All these questio.ns at once arise when Galloway is asked, in September, 1835, to use this warrant for the purpose of obtaining a clear legal title to this land. If any doubt existed as to his right so to do, or as to the probability of such act being good, to hold the land and obtain a patent without litigation, then it is clear, the Court will not bold that he was bound t6 incur such risk. Having bought one undivided half of the 2200 acres, and sold, (as he avers, and as is admitted,) on the faith of that purchase; every obligation of good faith and correct morals impelled him to make sure that which was necessary to enable him to comply with his own engagements.
But a patent had.'issued for the land. We insist that no entry could be valid by. virtue of the warrant, the use of which caused that patent to issue, till the patent itself wos produced and cancelled. We refer the Court to the usage of the general land office, as laid down in the letter from the Solicitor of that bureau, which we have appended to our argument, showing the difficulties which would have attended an attempt at re-location of the warrant belonging to

280

SUPREME COURT.

[Galloway v. Finley et a.] Bradford's heirs, by Galloway If the title was in doubt whieh
was- thus.to be derived, then the Court will not say that-he was under obligation to make an'y effort td, secure the land' through
that channel. See 2d Hovenden on Frauds, .24-5, and cases there
cited.
It becomes a question of primary importance, under this state of things, whether Galloway was bound (after the discovery that defendants had no title to the land; and that ii was then vacant,) to noLilfy defendants, by writing to Pennsylvania, and gi ving them an Opportunity to search for the warrant; to itistitute an inquiry for the patent, which must be 'delivered up and cancelled; to. find Fielding Bradford, if'living, qr his heirs, if he should have died; and, after.obtaining all these prerequisites, t6 come 'to (Chillicbthe, in Ohio, and enter the lind in their own names. Because he did not do this, he is charged with not only overreaching the defend~nts, but
also himself.
To ascertain his duty in such an exigency, we must look at all his liabilities and all the circumstances; for, from a correct view of these are the moral and equitable obligations of men always derived. It is a matter of history that the holders of warrants, since 1830, have been in the habit of laying them on all lands subject to entry, by reason of the previous entry b'eing void as in this case. Many,
valuable farms, long cultivated and p9ssessed under entries and surveys made in the nameof.one -dead at the time, have been'taken from the possessors by subsequent entries. - We mean no 4isparagement to that officer, when we assert that'the register himself,
has been in the habit Of acertaining such eases, and buying warrants, and locating them on lands thus situated. When, therefire, Gallo.way ascertained this to be the situation of the land he had bought; when he looked to those to whom he had sold on the faith of such purchase, to whoni he was bound'to make titles; when he saw that this land, thus vacant, was at the mercy of the many speculators who'abounded in that quarter in search of such lands; how -could he, in good conscience, let an hour pass without placing himself and hi vendees at rest as to'the title? Had he sent a courier to advise the defendants, before he returned, the land would have been entered,. and thus he would forever lose one-half of it already paid for, and forfeit' his contracts with all to whom he had sold; whilst the defendants could gain nothing by this idle and dilatory pro-
ceeding.

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

281

tGalloway v. Finley et al.]
The only course an honest man could take under such circumstances, was that pursued by complair'ant: with his own funds he
proceeded to makq:osure of 'the title necessary to fulfil his own contracts. He boughtiand paid for the whole, and for one-half of it he has paid twice. Shall all this sacrifice on his part now enure to the benefit of those, who have led him into difficulty, from which, he has been obliged to extricate himself with his own means, through ignorance oftheir right to that which they professed to own, but Which in fact was not theirs.
But if the complainant had been the trustee of the defendants, constituted by deed to hold for them the very land in question; we contend that he had, under the circumstances, a right to purchase and hold -it.
The law is 'settled, we believe, that where, by ajudicialdecision, the property held in trust is found to be owned-by another, then the trustee may lawfully purchase the -property and hold it in his own right. This doctrine is founded in reason ahid equity; when the fiduciary character is terminated for want of an object, the' trust is at ars end. Hovenden on Frauds, 474-5, 482. Here the land as to ich the supposed trust existed, by the judicial determination of
other cases identical with this, was known to all who knew the law, to be vacant land, and to -be owned, not by individuals, but by the government. In September, 1835, by the. laws of the land, it was not the property of defendants; and therefore no trust in their favour can be raised on a contract concerning it.
'Inthis vie'v of the subject, the parties,, if either had any equity, stood precisely equal. Neither had -any right to the land, in law or equity. If the complainant has appropriated it-by Valid entries first, he is the owner, and must hold it against all the world. If the possession and ownership of warrants give an equitable right to land, then complainant had equal right with defendants. The latter, in September, 1835, owned a warrant, or part of it, calling for 2200 acres'of land in that district; complainant had also a warrant for that quantity; he entered his, and thus obtained a legal right to the specific land, better than the defendants' equity, if such it may be called. In this view of their rights, the Well established doctrines apply with full force in favour of complainant. Between equitable claimants, he who has precedency'in time has advantage in right. Fitzsimmons v. Ogden' et al. 7 Cranch, 2.
Having disposed of the question of right, we think proper to subVOL. XII.-2 N

SUPREME COURT.
[Galloway v. Finley et al.]
mit an observation to the Court as to the effect of a refusal to rescind the contract. Complainant prays a rescission; and if that cannot be granted, a confirmation of the title. What compensation can the Court make for the money expended in his second purchase. The land is held by virtue of Galloway's entry; if he is confirmed in this, and the contract still enforced, surely he is to be paid for his warrant. At what price is this to be estimated? If hi. expenditure enures to defendants' benefit, he should be allowed the amount of that expenditure on his contract? What is that amount? It would seem"to be quite impossible by a decree to compel Galloway to withdraw his entry, and go to the Tegister's office, and make an entry on Bradford's warrant in the name of Bradford's heirs. To'enable the Court to see the equity of such a decree, it was incumbent on the defendAnts to show the Court whether this warrant he in existence, and where it is; that it has not been assigned in whole or in part by any of the persons to whom it passed by descent; that it is not in whole or in part in the hands of a bona fide holder by transfer, as above suggested, so as to make it impossible' to appropriate land with it. Defendants should also show that this last could be done now, upon the instant, so that the land may not be subjected to that result which inevitably awaits it; an entry in the meantime by a third person, so soon as Galloway's entry: is declared invalid. They should show that the patent is at band, to be canceld as the regulations of the land'office require, before any new title can be allowed to exist in its inceptive form, under the old warrant. It was the total want of
all these requisites to any safe and sure proceding of the kind; all of which resulted from the ignoiance of the defendants of that title which they assured the complainant they had, and which by law they were bound to -know they had; itWas this accumulation ol doubt surrounding the title, which might have been, by possibility, created with the aid of Bradford's warrant, which made it not merely 'the privilege but'the duty of complainant to reject it altogether; hnd for his own security, to rely on his own funds, to repurchase of the government what he had in vain sought to obtain through the defendants' rights.. Th. Court cannot fail to see how great a perversion of language it would be to apply the phrase employed by LordNottingham in Maynard's case, to the conduct of complainant in this. It is said in that -case, that equity will not aid one who "over-. reaches himself." The idea of- a reasonable being setting himself to work to praotice knowinrly a fraud on himself, wnich seems the

JANUARY TERM, isms.

28s

tGalloway v,Finley et al] true and only definition of the phrase, is not according -to any established notion of human conduct so clearly possible, as to admit it amongst those plain andsimple elemnent~ry truths which compose the. great body of chancery law. It might naturally enough, however, suggest itsqlf to a mind perplexed'and mystified as his lprdship's no doubt was, by the tortuous expedients of one of the parties in that case, td gain an undue advantage. But as there is no sin~ilarity between the facts of that case and this, so there is no propriety in applying afly'rule of that case to the present. Instead of "overreaching himself," the complainant in this case, when he made his entry, stood exactly in the condition of a bona fidi purchaser,fin& ing his title not merely in peril, but utterly gone. He was compilled to protect himself. His is the case which a court of,equity will protect against "a creditor, or an heir, or the fatherless." Sugden's Vendors,,723. His own warrant and his own entry, were the only plank he could seize in the shipwreck, to which tie culpable ignorance of the defendants as to their, own rights had exposed him.

Mr. Fetterman for the defendants. To form a correct opinion upon the. questi6n, whether the complainant, in this case, does present himself under circumstances which impose on a court of conscience obligations to give him its aid, it will be 'useful to take a general view of that system of lan'd titles, which has been introduced into the Virginia military district, in the state of Ohio, within which the land in controversy lies. That systein of law being made up of usages, and growing out of cinrcumstances, both of. which are pectiliar to itself, and out of the range of treatises on- common law and. equity, the bar of Pennsylvania have had little o.ccasion 'to make themselves acquainted with even the leading features and outlines of those military titles.
So far as my limited knowledge will enable me, I will attempt a concise statement of the seyeral steps by which a military title is perfected. Upon proof to the executive of Virginia, by a person that he is entitled to bounty lands, un'der the law of that state, for revolutionary services in the Virginia line, on continental establishment; the -governor issues his warrant, which is a mandate to the principal surveyor of the military district,directing him to survey for the person entitled to the bounty, the quantity of land specified in the warrant. 'The warrant does not direct what partictilar tract of land shall be surveyed; and hy usage, the owner of the warrant,

SUPREME COURT.
[GallQway v. Finley et.al.)
or his agent, has a right to direct the principal, surveyor to survey the warrant; that is, the number of acres called for by the warrant,
in one or more tracts,on any lands within Lhe.district he shall designate, not previously appropriated to the, satisfaction of some other warrant, The specification of the particular tract or tracts selected in satisfaction of the warrant, is made in a book kept by the principal surveyor, called "The Book of Entries or Locations." The entry or location, is a mere entry or statement in the book aforesaid, of the quantity of land entered; the number of the warrant which it satisfies in whole or in part; the name of the person for whom the entry is made, together with a general description of the locality of the land entered. Any description which can be reduced to certainty by a subsequent survey, is,sufficiently certain and specific; next follows the survey of the entry, which must conform to the oalls of the entry; a ertified copy of the warrant, entry, and survey on them, is forwarded to 'Washington city, to the commissioner of the general land office of the United States, upon which a patent issues in con-
formity with the survey, The owners of these warrants, for the most part, resided in East-
ern Virginia, several hundred miles from- the district;. and the lands were chiefly taken up, in satisfaction of them, at an early day, while the- district was a wilderness: consequently, the whole business -of making entries.or selections of land, was by agents. These agents were generally deputy surveyors, appointed by the principal surveyor'to make surveys for him as his deputies. They, therefore, held the double relation of agents foi" the owner of the warrants, and deputies of the principal surveyor Every holder of a warrant would naturally seek to get the best lands unappropriated. To effect that'object, men who had, acquired an intimate knowledge of the localities' of the distric.t, such as hunters, Indian spies, &c,, ,ere sought after. This class of men took up the business of surveying, and became the deputies of the principal surveyor. The business of selecting land, and making entries and .surveys for owners of warrants, fell almost entirely into the hands of this class of men.
There were no lawyers among thepr. This system of titles and of Iaw, was not therefore marked out -byjudges, and lawyers; but by plain, practical woodsmen, and surveyors, who were ignorant of law as a science, The property of a large and rich country, is based upon their transactions. Courts, therefore, have inquired i to their usages, and have, sustained their proceedings, wherever they were

JANUARY TERM,.1838.
[Galoway v. Finley et al.] not in conflict with established principles of law, which the ministers of justice were bound to obey. These deputy surveyors were ignorant of the princinles of the common law, "-that to vest a title t3 land, either legal or equitable, there must be a person in esse to take." -It was the common opinion of all locaters, that if the entry and survey were made in the name of the soldier to whom the warrant issued, that was sufficient; without going into the inquiry whether he was dead or alive. As a consequence of this general, error, a vast rjumber of entries in the military district,,both in Ohio and Kentucky, were made in the names of deceased persons, to whom ,.rarrants had issued. It is obvious, that such entries must have been
made in ignorance of the law or the facts, as, in every conceivable case, there was every inducement.to make 'a valid entry; and no motive can be conceived for themaking of a void one. This subject attracted the attention of the Kentucky legislature, as early as the year .1792. As it was known these entries were numerous in. that state, and' intended to be bona fide appropriations of the land entered, in all instances, a quieting ac. was passed in that year; which declared that lands granted to deceased persons, should descend to their heirs or devisees. Morehead and Brown's Statutes of Kentucky, vol. 1,,779; Littell's Laws, vol, 1, 160. This 'defect, seems not to have. come to the knowledge of the locaters in Ohio, who continued the same mode of location till 1830; when the Supreme Court of the United States decided that an .entry in the name of a deceased per.son, Was a nullity. Gait et al. v..Galloway, 4 Peters, 332. Same doctrine affirmed; M'Donald v. Smalley et al. 6 Peters, 261. By those decisions, the entry in the name of Bradford, in the present case, would be a nullity, were no law of congress affecting-it not appicable to those cases. My present purpose is to treat the entry in. the name of Bradford, as a Dullity; as though this, and the two cases above referred to, were precisely the same in facts and circum'. stances. The entry, then, in the name of Bradford, being a nullity, it follows, of course, that the warrant issued in his nam remained unsatisfied, and is so to this day; and that the warrant, on the death of Bradford, descended to the heirs of' Bradford Kerr v. Moore, 9
Wheaton, 570; and not to his administrators. Consequently, the heirs of Bradford, on discovering the invalidity
of the entry, had nothing to do but to re-enter the warrant on the same land, and acquire a:valid title. In this way, they could have readily cured the defect, if any in the title of the land in question ;

286

SUPREME COURT.

[Galloway v. Finley et al.1 for, up to the time of the entry: made by the complinant, in'Septenmber, 1835th-e.land remained unappropriated, according to complainant's own showing. That the respondents had it in their power to cure the. defect in their title, also ajpears by .the complainant's own .showing, and. by his own conduct; and it was to prevent their doing so, that the complainant kept the defect from the knowledge of. the respondents, until he had effected an entry of the land in his own name. Had not Galloway entered this land, but filed his bill for revision of contract, for defect of title, would not the Court have said it is in the power of defendants to perfect their title, and they should have an opportunity of doing so? And how came heI pos.sessed of facts which- enabled'him to detect the flaw in theif title? As again appears, by his own showing, through the respondents. They communicated to him the date of the death of Bradford; on comparing which with the date of the entry, he being an old locater, and a party to the suits of Gait v. Galloway, and M'Donald v. Smalley et al., knew full well 'the' defects of the title; and equally well did he'lnow that the respondents were ignorant of.the defects. When therefore, through the respondents, and in consequence of their contract With him, he became acquainted with this technical fliw in their titlei of which they wer6 totally ignorant, what-was he bound in equity and good conscience -to do? Had he a right to use that information, so acquired, to defeat their title; and to put it out of their power to comply with the contract with him? I think he was bound, by every principte of honesty and fair dealing, to have point, ed out the defect to them, that they might. remedy it; a matter. so easy'for them to-effect;) before they would have had to make him a title,,which, by their contract, they were Dot hound to do till January, 1839. 'If he was not morally bound to point out the defects. to them, he'certainly had no right to do any act Which would 'prevent their making him a title at the time stipulated.
I take it to be a well settled principle, both in law and equity, that an obligee shall do no act to obstruct or prevent the obligor from complying with his covenants; and if he do,:the obligor shall be thereby discharged from its performance. Ballow 'v, Tucker, 1 Pickering's Rep. 287; Co. Lit. 206; and Bacon's Abridgment, Tit. Condition; 5 Viner's Abr. Condition, 242, &c. And when a complainant comes'into a court of equity, liable to such' an imputation, it is certain that the court will not grant him its aid, but will leave him to his remedy at law, if any he have, or is entitled to.

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

287

[Gall6way-v. Finley et al.]
Tlat in this case the complainant has, knowingly and dishonestly, done an act which deprives the respondents of 'the legal power to comply with their covenant to convey a good title; there can be no doubt resting'upon the mind of any one who will carefully examine
the transactions as disclosed by the bills and answers. The Statute of Kentucky, before referred to, M'orehead and Brown, vol. 1, 779;
Littell's Law, vol. 1, 160, 1792; shows, that the title was void by. reason of a technical rule of law. Yet they are bona fide titles, which in equity had a claim to protection.. lence the passage of that act. The words of that act.are as follow: "Whereas, in some instances, grants have issued in the names of persons who, were deceased prior to the date of the grant, aid cases of the same tiature may happen in future; Be it enacted, That in all such cases, the land conveyed shall descend to the heir, heirs, or devisees; in 'the same manner that it would do had the grant issued in the lifetime of such decedents." This act, though itslanguage extends to the healing of titles where the patent only issues before the death of the patentee, yet the courts of Kentucky have, by a series of decisions, extended 'the equity of the act to cases where-the entry and warrapts bore date subsequently to the death of patentee. Hamsford, v. Mineler's Heirs, 4 Bibb's Rep. 385; M'Cracken's Heirs v.Beall et al. 1 Ky. Rep. 208 Bowman v. Violely, 4 Monroe's Rep. 351; Adams'v. Logan, 6 Monroe, 177; Lewis v. M'Gee, 1 Marsh'all, 200; Speere v. Fisback, I Mar-
-shall, 356.
A recent act of congress, passed May 18th, 1836, entitled "An act to give effect to patents for public lands, issued in the names of deceased persons, provides, that in all cases where patents.for public lands have been, or may be .issued in pursuance of any law of the United States to a person who had died, or who shall hereafter die before the date of such patent, the title to the land desigilated therein shall enure to, and become vested in, the heirs, devisees or assignees of such deceased patentee; as if the patent had issued to the deceased
person during life; and the provisions of said act shallbe construed to extend to patents for la)ids within the Virginia military districi in the state of Ohio."
It is apparent, f-om the provisions of thb foregoing act, and prom the fact that congress saw fit to pass it, that that enlightened body
considered 'as did the legislature of Kentucky nearly a half 'century befote,, such titles, though void in law, entitled to protection, as Jbona fide; and but for the act of the complainant in this case, in entering

SUPREME COURT.

[Galloway v. Finley et Ql.1 the landsinidispute,.these respondents, beyond all doubt would, by

virtue, of the aforesaid" act of congr'ss, havehad secure4 to them a

perfect legal title' to said land; and I shall "endeavour to show that

they have such-a title vested in them, by Virtue of said act of con-

gress, noqtwithstandifig the dishonest and fraudulent efforts of the

complainant-to depti'ye them of that title-of that hereafter, when

'Ishall have distosed of the ease, so far as it rests upon -equitable

principle. Anct- it is not my purpose here to discuss the question,

"whether Galloway could,- undar the "ircumstances, recovei in a

court-of law, on the covenants of these rispondents in their contract

with him;" whatever maybe his right in a court of law. It is very

cleat to my mind- that a court of equaity will leave him to resort to

his legal remedies, if any he has; and will not afford him itsaid, to

enable him to reap the fruits of'an attempt to overreach the respond

ents. It is a leading principle of eqtity,.that a court of chaxicery,

when called on for specific aid, exercises its 'discretion whethee' it

will interposp;- and will in no case interfere when the party seeking

its aid-has practised any unfairness. H-e muit come into court-with

clean hands. This principle isas old-as the chancery law itself--as

long ago as Sergeant Maynard's case, Freeman, Chancery Reports, 1,

new edition, lord Nottingham, id delivering the judgment of the

court, said "that as this court suffers no man to overreach another, so

it helps no man who has overreached, himself, without any practice

or contrivance of his adversary." 2 Freeman, 106; 3 Swanston, 652,

Maynard v. MIorely

-

Again, "in equity a party is not. at liberty to set up a legal defence,

which grew out of l is own misconduct," 2 Hovenden on Frauds, 16;

Morse v.,Mentz, 6 'Maddo4ks, 25. Surely, if sudh a legal defence

could not be set up, mudh less could it be made a ground for relief

by a complainant. It s also a familiar rule in equity, "that he who

comes into court for assistance, must do equity." Rowe v. Wood, 1

Jac. &Walker's Rep. 333; . Hov. on Frauds, 41. ".The interposition

of courts of eqtiity is governed by our anxious 'attention to the claims

of equal justice; and therefore it may be.laid down as an univer-

sal rulp, that they will not interfere, unless the .;.laintiff will consent

to do that Which the justice of the ease requires to be done." Fon-

blanque's Equity, note A. page 190, ch. 4, sec. 41: Phila. ed. 1831.

Now it may be asked, what does the justice of this case require of

the conplainant? The Court will prescribe such terms to him as jus-

tice shall require; and those terms will be, I conceive, that he shall

JANUARY TERM,' 1838.

289

[Galloway 'F,'inlby et al.] pay to the respondents the contract price of land, agreeably to his contract. And that the respondents convey or assign to hire, out of theuunsatisfied warrants belonging to them, a number-of acres, equal to the quantity contracted to be conveyed to him by them, and which he has put ito,ut of their power to convey. Both jarties will then stand as they would have, done had the complainant not interfered, and respondents re-etitered and perfected their title.e. A vendor is entitled tSpecific performance, though he have no title atthe Sale. if he can make one before the master's report. -10 Vesey, jr. 315; , 14 V esey,jr. 205. There are many cases iri which, though courts refuse specific- performance, yet they will not rescind contracts. 1 Wheat. 196; see also 2 Story's Equity, 88, and the cases there referred to.
This, I take it, would be fair and equitable, were the courts authorized and disposed to interfere in granting relief in any shape.
But if 'I have a correct view of the case, aid the principles which should govern it, no relief whatever can be. granted., A decree of dismissal of the bill, with eosts to the respondent, is all that can be done, and that on the ground that complainant asks the aid of'the Court to enable him to overreach the respondents; and that is all that I can discover he does seek.
I have thus far discussed the case, on the hypothesis that the title of the respondents was null and void. I shall now endeavour to show that though it was so in its inception, the law has come to their relief, and made that a valid title, which at one tiwe was'declared by. courts to b6 a nullity.
And the entry made by Galloway in September, 1835, is null and void, on the ground of its being an illegal interference with the rights and title of the respondents, in violation of an express prohibition of law.
Up to the year 1807, the patent granted in the name of -Bradford, a deceased person, was a mere nullity; it is conceded in the authorities already cited. Afid any person holding o military warrant, might have entered the land it covered.
But since the 2d March, 1807, it is believed the lands covered by ihe warrants in the name of Bradford, have not been open to the entry of any other person, or liable to be covered by any other war-rant.
On the 2d of March, 1807, congress passed an act, the 1st section of which extended to owners of military warrants a further term of three years to complete their locations; which act had the following
VOL. XII.-2 0

SUPREME COURT.

.proviso: "Provided

[Galloway v.-Finleyet
that

al.]

no,

locations

as aforesaid, within the above-

mentioned tracts,'shall, after-the passing of-this act, be made on tracts

of land for which patents had previously been issued, or which had
been previously surveyed. And any patent which, may. nevertheless be obtained for land located contrary to the provisions of this section,
shall be considered as null and void."
In May, 1826, 7 vol. Laws f U. S. 516, congress passed an act extending the tinieAfor making locations till 1st of June, 1832. The 3d see. of that act contains the prohibition of the act aforesaid of
1807; and extends that prohibition to United States' lands, which the act of 1807 did not do.
On the 31st of March, 1832, congress passed another act,-extending locations for seven years. It being an extension of the act of R0th df March, 1826, o0fcourqe has the prohibiting claim as to mili-
tary lands; and is now in forceq. 'In the case under consideration, there Was both a survey and patent;
and it furnishes a case clearly within the pt0vision referred to. That the proviso could have been intended only for Valid surveys and patents, is idle to suppose; such needed no protecting legislation. The proviso was ifitended to protect lands defectively located and patented, no doubt; and so the Supreme Court of'the United States have decided. Doddridgo v.-Thompson, 9 Wheat. 481. In that case the Court say: "The records of this Court show, that many controversies were produced in that county by the mode of locating and surveyihg military lands, which fiad beep adopted under the laws of Virginia; and it is not unreasonable to 'suppose that congress, when giving- furthe. time to make locations and surveys, might be disposed to cure the defects in titles already acquired, and to prevent second locations on lands already located. The words of the proviso, too, are adapted to the saving of private rights."
In the case of Doddridge v. Thompson, the defendant atte mpted to protect his title ubder the proviso of the act of 1807, on the ground that the survey of the plaintiff was made in 1810, after. the passage of that act. But the Court decided that the proviso was not 'applicable to sales of land at the United States' land offices; and was intended to 'embrace only military surveys and patents. Besides, the prohibition was only as against locations, and the facts of the case did not show but the location was made previous to the passage of the act of 1807; andin the absence of proof on that subject, the Court would presume that the location was made previously in support of the

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
(Galloway v. Finley et al.] patent of plaintiff. The reasoning of the Court in this case, plainly. shows, that had the defendant's title been one of military origin, and the location of the -plaintiffs been after the passage of the act of March, 1807j his (the defendant's) title must have prevailed by reason of the proviso aforesaid.
In the case under consideration, the title of the respondents is of military origin; and the location, survey and patents, all bear date previous to-the passage of the act'of 2d Mqrch, 1807.
The title of the complainants is also of military origin, and his location and survey are both since the passage of the act of March 31st) 1832, now in force, and containing the proviso of the act of-2d of March, 1807. It is not easy, therefore, to conceive how the loca.tion of the complainant, made on 26th of September, 1835, can possibly escape the operation of the proviso of the act of March, 1807, and the prohibition contained therein. Tt~e location. of the corn: plainant's comirtg within that prohibition, then, as I humbly conceive it clearl does, it must be null and v.oid. And the title of the respondents being thereby freed from the embarrassments of Galloway's entry, is by the healing operation of the act of,18th May, 183.6, made good and valid. It may not be amiss to remark' here, that so vigilint has congress been in protecting defective title$ acquired, bona fide, that after the decision in the case of Doddridge and Thomps, , in which the Court decided that the proviso of the at of 1807 did not extend to lands under the United States' survey; in the very next renewal'of the extension of time for making locations in military lands, the prohibition was made to extend to lands within the disfrict sold by the United States.
The decisions in the cases of Galt v.v Galloway, and M'Donald v. Smalley and others, (which have no doubt been relied upon by the complainanti to sustain him in his illegal and unjust course of conduct in this case, beii:g a party to both those cases,) can have no bearing on this case. The facts in this case are so widely varying from'the facts of those cases, as to render them entirely inaplicable.
In those cases the party holding title under the entries made in the name of the deceased person) could not avail himself of th 'benfits of the proviso to the act of 1807; as the entries and surveys in each case, by both parties, were made previous to the passage of that
act. In Galt v. GMloway, Galt's entry was madein August, 1787, 4
Peters, 333, and the withdrawal in 1805, five years after Galt's

SUPREME COURT
rGalloway v.F.inley et al.]
death, and two years before the passage of the act of"1807. In M'Donald v. Smalley et al., M'Donald claimed under an entry made 24th August; 1787, in the name of David Anderson; at which time Anderson' was proved to have been dead. The defendants, Smalley et al'., claimed under aa entry on some land, made the 19th' of FebTuaryl.1793, ;n thename of Stephen T. Moron, and a,patent to Morou, in 1796, and beforQ a patent issued on M'Donald's entry. These cases, therefore, not coming within the provision of the act of 1807, do not conflict, in the least, with the 'opinion of the Court in the ease of Doddridge v. Thompson, as to the intent of congreps, and the healing operation of the act of 1807; nor with the doctrines I contend for in this case. The patent to Charles Bradford, the ancestor of respondents, purports to vest inh'im a legal title to the land in controversy. If the act of 1807, and subsequent acts of congress referred to, embrace this case, as I think has been clearly shown they do; (and th~emoro so, since being healing and remedial 'acts, their prq.iisions are to be construed liberally;) then the benefits of' those acts enure to the heirs or deiisees of said Bradford. If the title be cured at all by those acts, it is so far cured as to make it a legal title; for The patent must convey a legal title, if it pass any, of consequence, if the patents to Charles Bradford convey a legal title, the title ctf the respondents is a good and valid legal 'title, to the extent they covenanted to convey. And the ground of complaint on the partof Galloway is gone: and hid bill must be dismissed, with costs.
I find nothiag in the argument, or in the 'authorities cited" in the argument in the circuit court, to shake my confidence in the legal title of the respondents, as cured by the acts of March, 1807, and May, 1836.
The case of Dunn v. M'Arthur, decided in July, 1836, so far as the recqrd of the decree discloses, has no bearing upon the question. The ease as stated by the gentleman, might be considered as of some
weight. But is ie warranted in his statements by the records. Thc
decree was taken pro confesso, pnd of course assumed as true all the allegations made in the bill, The bill undoubtedly contained the allegation, that the entry, location, and patent were void, having been made,in the name of a deceased person; and at the time of the filing
of that bill, (which is evident from the record must have been prior to the act of May, 1836,) there is as little doubt that the entry, location and patents, were null and void. But by the act of May-, 1836, they were made -good and valid; and had that act been known and

JANUARY TERM. 1838.
[Galloway v. Finley et al.] relied upon at the time of the entering of the decree, it is manifest a different decree would have been the result. It does not appear, that the act of May, 1836, was at all relied upon, or that its existence was known; and it is fairly presumable that it was not known, as the decree was entered but a few (lays after its passage, and the cause was suffered to go off without any defence. I take it, therefore, that the act of May, 1836, was not in question; and the decision or rather decree,-for there was no decision of consequence, has no application to the case under consideration.' It could not, any how, be taLen as of any -force in the garbled state in which it appears. Had the point been decided, as stated by the complainant's counsel in the circuit court, a full record would have been produced; and this Court would not have been asked to rely upon the bare statement of counsel.
The case of Blight's Lessee v. Rochester, 7 Wheat. 548, does not impugn the doctrine, that an obligee or covenantee has no right to do any-act to prevent his'obligor or covenantor complying with his obligation or covenant. The question in that case was one of estoppel. The doctrine of estoppel does not apply to this case, nor does the question at all arise. I am unable to discover the least analogy between that case and this. Had the contract squght to be rescinded in this case never been entered into, but an action of ejectment brought by these respondents against Galloway; and in defence of stich action Galloway had set up his subsequent entry, and -the defective entry and survey in the name of Charles Bradford, to defeat the plaintiffs' title.; and in answer to that defenrce the plaintiffs had insisted upon Galloway's recognition of Charles Bradford's title by his purchase from one of the heirs of Charles Bradford, (Finley Bradford of whom he purchased an undivided moiety,) and claimed that he shotuld be thereby estopped from dijuting the legality of Charles Bradford's title; then the case cited fror- 7 Wheaton might have hAd some application. But that is not this case. I do not deny that after the vendee has recei-ed his deed, and all the title the vendor can give, he may have the right.of purchasing in other interests to fortify his title. But he shall not be permitted, before he has received a deed, to procure an outstauding title; and then claim to have his contract rescinded because by his own act he has put it out of the power of the vendor to comply with his covenant or agreement. The utwost he could claim under any circumstances, I apprehend, wuld be to have the amount paid for the outstanding title deducted, from the uurchase money due: to make it a ground of an-

SUPREME COURT.
[Galloway v, Finley et al.1 nulling the contract and avoiding the payment of the purchase money entirely, would be monstrous injustice: such as I, believe a court of equity will never sanction or listen to.
If it is. at all doubtful wllether the respondents have the legal title in ordinary cases, it is presumable that Galloway would have applied to the courts, either state or federal, within whose jurisdiction the land lies; and who woul& be considered competent at- least, in the first instance, to make a proper application of the principles of the tex loci rei sit--. ,1
He, however, has thought proper to resort to another tribunal, and from their decision he has appealed to the highest tribunil of the Union. To that tribunal the defendants in error also come, confiding in the justice and honesty of their case; believing that the great judicialcouncil of the nation will continue to administer justice in equity: and who, although the decree they may make may not settle the controversy, so far as regards the title to the land itself, will yet, by their opinion in this case, reaffirm the great and well-settled principles vf the law of equity that must govern this controversy in all its bearings; wherever pursued, and wherever determined.
Mr. Justice CATRON delivered the opinion of the Court. The bill alleges.that complainant, on the I 1th of March,'1835, purchased from Henry R. Finley, and David Barr, who acted for himself and wife, the sister of defendant, Finley, the moiety of two tracts of land lying in the state of Ohio; one for one thousand two l4undred, and the other for one thousand adres, founded on a warrant for two thodsan' Ax hundred and sixty-six and one-third acres, obtained by Ch.i'les Bradford, as an officer in the revolutionary war, in the Virginia gontinetal line. That Finley, and the wife of Bart, were the heirs of their mother; who derived by descent a moiety of the landsfrom her father, Clio4es Bradfo-d. Galloway agreed to pay eight thousand dollars for the moiety of the two tracts, part in hand, and the balance by instalments; the last of which was to fall due on the first of January, 1839. And Finley and Darr, covenanted with complainant to convey the moiety of the lands contracted for, in fee, so soon as he paid the purchase money. It is also alleged Finley and Barr promised, at the' time the agreement was made, to forward from Pennsylvania, where they resided, to Galloway, who resided in Ohio, the title papers, apdl- the power of attorney, authorizing Barrito, contract for his wife.

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

295

[(alloway v. Finley et al.]
That after the date of the contract, the wife of Barr died, a minor, intestate, of course, and without issue.
As grounds of relief, it is averred that the title papers were not forwarded, nor the power produced. But, 'principally,, that after making the contract, the complainant discoyered Charles Bradford, the grantee, had died in 1789; and that the lands were entered, sur-
veyed, and granted in his name, in 179 3 and 1794. Finley and Barr, by theif answer, admit the contract to have been
made as stated; deny that title papers were to be furnished by them; admit they promised to forward the power, and the death of Mrs. Barr, but allege respondent Finley was her sole heir; admit Charles Bradford died in 1789%and that the lands were entered and surveyed in 1793, 94,'and afterwards patented in his name.
The respondents, howeyer, mainly rely for their defence on the fact, that, on the °26th of September, 1835, the complainant, Galloway, entered the two tracts of land, the moiety of which was agreed to be conveyed, in his own name, and, as they allege, without their knowledge, and with the fraudulent intent of depriving the heirs of Bradford, of it; and thereby to render it inpossible for them to comply with their contract. And the defendant, Finley, for himself, and as heir of his sister, offers to comply with the agreement.
It is urged,-the entries, surveys, and grants in the name of Charles Bradford, after his death, were void. Suppose the fact to have been so when the agreement of March, 1831, was'made, and that the lands were subject to appropriation when Galloway entered them, in September, 1835, then the rule applies--" That if a vendee buys
up a better title than that of the vendor, and the vendor was guilty of no fraud, he can only be compelled to refund to the vendee the amount of money paid for'the better title." Learey v. Kirkpatrick; Cooke's Ten. Rep. 211; 1itchell v. Barry, 4 Hayne's Ten. Rep. 13G.
In reforming the* contract, equity treats the purchaser as a trustee
for.the vendor,.because he holds under the latter: and acts done to p(:fect the title by the former, when in possession of the land, enure
to the benefit of him under whom the' possession was obtained; and through whom the knowledge that a defect in the title existed, was 'derived-. The vendor and vendee stand in the relation of landlord
and tenant; the vendee cannot disavow the vendor's title. 3 Peters,
48; 2 Marshall's Ky. Rep. 242; 5 Yerger's Ten. Rep. 398. This case furnishes a fair illustration of the propriety of the principle.
Charles Bradford was a non-resident; that he had died before the

SUPREME COURT.
.[Galloway v, Finley et al.] lands were entered and granted, was unknown to Galloway until he obtained the information through the heirs of the grantor, after the sale; for forty years the title had been deemed valid, and the defect was exposed by the production of his will, aad the'endorsements of its probate, in 1789. The fact, thus ascertained, was confidential, in its character is between the parties to the contract; and Galloway could not be':permitted to avail himself of it whilst standing in the relaion of a-purchaser, to defeat the agreement: under the most fa.voufable circumstances, he could only ,have it reformed, and the rnipnt advanced to perfect the title deducted from the unpaid purchase money, But this is not the attitude the complainant assumes by the' bill first filed. He claims an entire rescission.
On the 20th of May, 1836, pending the suit;-congress passed an act, 4 Story's Ed. 24, 36 to give effdct to patents issued to deceiased persons; which provides, " that grants issued to persons who had previously died, should enure to and become vested in the heirs of such deceased liatentee, as if the same had issued to the deceased person during his ife; and that the provisions of the act should be construed to extdnd to patents for lands Within the Virginia military district, in the state of Ohio."
That the legal title to the lands patented in the name of Charles Bradford, vested in his heirs by force of the act i cannot be denied. 9 Cranch, 43"' 2 Wheat. 196. Grant, then,, all that is claimed for the complainant; still his entries of September 1835, conferred a mere equity, and the defendant, Finley, holds the fee: and the complainant, by raising the warrants from his entries, will have sustained damage only to the amount of the, officer's fees: or, take it the other way, and compel 'Finley and Barr to compensate for the warrants, then of' course they would be entitled to them, and the effet be the same. Had Galloway's entries been valid, 'and had he acted in good faith as regards. the defendants, by giving notice of the means used to perfect the titles; and had'he sought by the bill, what in equity and conscience he was entitled to as compensation, a court of chaficery could not have refused relief: but he invokes aid to defeat the entire contract, and nothing less, in sanction of acts intended, from his own showing, to deprive the complainants of their money and lands; thus assuming an attitude before the Court, and asking its active aid,,under circumstances, that, were he a defendant, and set up like claims, it would be difficult to say he could be compensated: as a complainant, he surely cannot be heard.

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Galloway v. Finley et al.]
Then as to the loss of the warrants and fees: it having been the clear duty of the appellan't to enter the lands for the benefit of his vendors, and only to have demanded compensation for expense and trouble: and he having entered for himself; a court of equity must decline to assist him,'(in the language-ofIMr. Justice Story,2 Story's Eq. 8,) to escape from the toils which he has studiously prepared to entangle-others: it must be left to him to get rid of his entries, and secure the benefit of his warrants. The act of congress having'conferred 'on the defendant, Finley, the legal title, equity will not tale from him his legal advantage. 1 Wheat. 196; 2 Story's Eq. 88; Sugden on Vendors, 365, 375, 7th ed. If Finley-has the title, and' can perform the contract on the 1st day of January, 1839, when the last payment falls due, thig is all the law can require of him. Yet it is an established rule in equity, that where the vendor has not the power to make title, the vendee may, before the time of performance, enjoin the payment of the purchase money, until the ability to comply with the agreement for title is shown; Royer v. Patton, 1 Ten. Rep. 258: Ralston v. Miller, 3 Randolph's Va. Rep. 44; but then the court will give a reasonable time to procfre the title, if it appears probable, on reference, that it may be procured. Frost v. Bronson) 6 Yerger's Rep. 36, 40.
By an amendment to his bill in October, 1836, the complainant sets forth his entries of 1835, and the surveys thereof, and again prays a rescission of the contract of March, 1835. "or, that if the defendants at the date of the contract, had a' good and perfect title to the piemises they contracted to convey, and authority to perfect their agreement; then the complainant is ready, and tenders a com-
pletion of the contract." The only allegation in the amended bill, varying the case is, that
at the time the agreement was entered into, complainant was ignorant that the patents for the lands had been made in the name of a person that was dead. The respondents admit the fact: but state that complainant derived his first knowledge of its existence from a sight of Chai'les Bradford's will, lfter he made the agreement. It seems respondents were, at that time equally igr rant, not knowing, or having overlooked the dates of the entries and patents. If complainant had not 'entered the lands, then he would have been entitled to a rescission of the contract; had no title been acquired by the defend-
ants, through the medium df congress. The principal ground relied on for relief being, that the patents
VOL. XII.-2 P

SUPREME COURT.
[Galloway v. Finley et al.]
were-void, because made after Charles Bradford's death;-we will proceed to examine it. That a patent thus made~passes no title, is true in the nature of things; there must be a grantee befQre- a grant can take effect; and, so this Court held, ih Galt v. Galloway, 4 Pe-
ters, 345; and M'Donald v. Smalley, 6 Peters, 261. Yet this is not the question presented; it is, whether the appellant was permitted to enter the lands purporting to have been granted to Charles Bradford, notwithstanding his deat0? And this depends upon'the act of 1807, ch. 34, and others, continuing the provision up to the date of Galloway's entries. The time for locating Virginia military claims for services on the continental establishment, between the Little Miami and Sciota rivers, had expired; and by the act, congress extended the time. But on reopening the land office, the following exception was introduced: "Provided, That no locations as. aforesaid, within, the abovementioned tract, shall, after the passing of this act, be rpade on' tracts of l;nds for which patents had previously ben issued, Pr which had been previously surveyed; and any patent which, may nevertheless be obtained for lands located contrary to the provisions of this section, shall be considered- null and void."
It is insisted, for appellant, that the section had 'reference to imperfect, and not'void titles. The legislature merely affirmed a principle, not open to question, if this be the true construction. Had an effective patent been issued, the governmeAt would not have had any title remaining, and a second grant would have been void -of course. Something more,.undoubtedly, was intended than the protection of defeetiye, yet valid surveys and patents; this is not denied, but the argument insists only irregularities were intended to be covered.
It is difficult to conceive how an irregularpatent could exist, unless it passed no title. -We will not perplex the decision with supposed cases of irregular surveys, but examine the act of congress, And ascertain its effect as regards the grant in the name of Charles Bradford. It is fair upon its face, and we will -not look behind it for irregularities. 7 Wheat. 214. The death of the grantee is an extrinsic fact,, not impairing 'the equity of the' claim as against the government. His heirs had an interest in common in the military district, with all similar claimants. The truth of the position is unquestionable. 'Jackson v. Clarke, I Peters, 635; Neal v. E. T. College, 6 Yerger's Rep. 79, 190. The defects, of all others most common, in the military grants of Kentucky, Tennessee, and Ohio, were, where the soldier had died, and the entry) survey and grant

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

299

[Galloway v. Finley ei al.]
had been made in the liame of the-deceased. In his name the warrant almost, uniformly issued'; who the heirs were, was usually un-
known to locators, and disregarded by the officers of government when perfecting titles. In Tennessee and Kentucky, proVision was made at an early day, that the heir should take by the graqt; and why should we presume congress did not'provide for the protectioi of his claim to the lands purporting tc have been granted; when the legislation of the federal government was, of necessity, controlled in this respect, by the experience- of members coming from states where there were military lands? The statute is general, including by'name all grants, not distinguishing between void and valid; and the plainest rules of propriety and justice-require that the courts should not introduce an exception, the legislature having made none. 1 Peters, 636, 638;- Martin & Yerger's, Ten. Rep. 361.
But it is insisted this Court did make an exception in the cause of Lindsey v. Miller, 6 Peters, 666 and which should- be followed. What Was that case? A grantee from the government sued a defendant in ejeetment, claiming, in the military'district of Ohio, by virtue of an elder entry and survey; and the question was, whether the junior patent to plaintiff was void, because made contrary to the act of 1807. The defendant's entry, by mistake, had been founded on a
warrant for services, not in the continental line, but in the Virginia state line; a claim not subject to be satisfied in the Ohio -military district. 7 Wheat. 1. The location and survey were therefore mere nullities; and the Court very justly held, thatcongress did not, by the act of 1807, contemplate such claims, and that they were not within the purview of the act. But had the claihiant been entitled to the satisfaction of his warrant in the military district, in common with others, for whom the government held as trustee; the case might have been very difteonI, even hiad the entry and survey been invalid. Congress had the power in 1807, to withhold from location 9 ny portion of the military lands; and having done so, in regard tiy that previously patented in the name of Charles Bradford, the complainant, Galloway, had no right to enter the same. His locati6n being void, it follows, the- act of 20th May, 1836, vested the title to a moiety in the defendant, Henry R. Finiey, exempted from
any influence of the ett'ics. The decree of the ircit court is therefore affirmed, and the bill
ordered to be disrnissed(.

SUPREME COURT.
DANJEL F. STIOTHER, PLAINTIFFIN ERAOR V. JOHN B. C. LucAs,
DEFENDANT.
Ejectment for two lots of ground in St. Louis, Missouri. The plaintiff )iad brought an ejectment, which was before the Court on a writ of error, in 1832, and the judgment in favour of the defendant was affirmed. 6 Peters, 763. lie afterwards brought another action, of ejectment for the, same land. By the Court-Had this case been identical with the former, as to the merits, we should have followed the deliberate opinion delivered therein; but as one judgment in ejectment is not conclusive on the right of either -possession or' property in.the premises in controversy, the plaintiff has a right to bring a new suit; and the court must considethe case, even if it is in all respects identical with ho former, though they-may hold it to be decided by the opinion therein given. It is otherwise whenth e second case presents a plaintiff's or defendant's right, on matters of law or fact, matefial to its decision, not before appearing inthe record; it then becomes the duty of the Court to decide all pertinent questions arising on the record, in the same manner as if the case came before them for the first time, save such as arise on evidence identical as to the merits. In this case, we deem it a peculiar duty; .enjoined upon us by the nature of the case, the course of the able and learned arguments as to the law of Spain and her colonies, in its bearing on the interest; ing question before us, together with a view of the consequences of our final decision thereon. Were we to leave any questions undecided which fairly arise on the record; or to decide the cause on points of minor importance only; the value of the premises wduld justify future litigation; '~vhich no court of chancery might think proper to enjoin so long as new and material facts could be developed, or pertinent points of law remain unsettled.
The sti.te of Missouri was formerly a part, of the territory, first ot rrance, next of Spain, then 9 f France, who ceded it to the United States by the treaty of 1803, *in full propriety, sovereignty and dominion, as she had acquired and held it; 2 Peters, 301, &c.: by which this government put itself in place of the former sovereigns, and became invested with all their rights, subject to their concomitant obligations to the inhabitants. Both were regulated by the law of nations, according to which the rights of property are protected, even in the case of a conquered country; and held sacred and inviolable when it is ceded by treaty, with or Without any stipulation to au6h effect; and the laws, whether, in writing, or eidenced by the usage and customs of 'the conquered or ceded country, continue in force until altered by the new sovereign.
This Court has also uniformly held that the term "1grant," in a treaty, comprehends not only those which are-made in form, but also any concession, warrant, order or permission to survey, possess or settle, whether evidenced by writing or parol, or presumed from possession; and that in the term "laws," is included custom and usage, when oce settled; though it may le "comparatively of recent date, and is riot one of those to 'the contrary of which the memory of man runneth not, which contributed so much to make up the common law code, which is so justly venerated."
No.principle can be better established by the authol y of this Court, than " that the

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

411

[Strother v. Lucas,] acts of an officer, to whom a'public, duty is assigned by his' king, within thb sphere of that duty, are prima facia taken to be within his, power." IThe principles on hicA it'rests, are believed t6 be too dneply founded in' law and reason, ever to be successff~lly assailed. He who would jeontrovert a grant execu-tl by the lawful authority, with all the solemnities required by law, takes on himself the hurthen of showing that the officer has transcended the powers conferred upon him; or that the transaction is tainted with fraud." Where the act'of an officer to pass the title to land according to the Spanish law, is done contrary to the written order of the king, produced at tho trial, withut any explanation, it shall be presumed that the poWer has not been exceedea; that
the act was done on the motives set out therein; and according to some order known to the king and his officers, though not to his subjects: and courts ought to require very full proof, that he had transcended his powers, before they so determine it." Even in cases of c9nquest, the conqueror does no more than displace the sovereign, arid 'assume dominion over the country. " A cession of territory is. never under. stood to be a cession of the property of the inhabitants. The king cedes only that which belongs to him; lands he had previously granted, were not lis to cede. Neither party could so understand the treaty. Neither party could.consider itself as attempting a wrong to individuals, condemned by the whole civilized world. 'The cession of a territory' should necessarily be understood to pass the sovereignty only, and not to interfere with private property." No construction of a treaty, which would impair that security to private property, wl.ich the laws and usages of nations would without express stipulation have conferred, would seem to be ad'isible further than its positive words require. " Without it ,tlib title of individuals would remain as valid under the new goveriment, as they were tinder the old; and those titles, at least so far as they were consummate, might be asserted in the courts of the United States, independently of this article." The laws of Spain as to the disposition of the royal domain in Louisiana, while
Louisiana was held by Spain. In the treaty of cession of Louisiana no exceptions were'made, and his Court has
declared that none can thereafter be made'. 8 Peters, 463. The United States must remain content with that which, contented them at the transfer, when they assumed the precise position of the king of Spain. The United States have so remained, as appears by their laws. By the acts of 1804, 1805, 1807, and 1816, they recognised the law%, usages, and customs of Spain to be legitimate sources of titles; and, by th(- act of 1812, confirmed to the inhabitants of St. Louis, and ether villages, according to their several right or rights of common thereto, .the rights,- titles, and claims to town or villtIge lots, out lots, common field lots, and commons, in, belonging or adjoining to the same, which titles depended on parolf grants and local customs. The same recognition extended to grants to actual settlers, pursuant to such laas, usages and customs; to acts done by such settlers to obtain a grant of lands actually settled, or persons claiming title thereto, If the settlement was made before the 20th December, 1803. The unwritten law of Louisiana, before the cession of the territory-to, the United States. In favour of long possession and ancient appropriation, every thing which was dohd shall be presumed to have been rightfully done; and though it does not appear t& have been done, the law will presume that whatever was necessary has been done. A grant may be made by a law, as well as a patent puosuant to a lawt and a con-

SUPREME COURT.
[Strather v. Lucas.] firmation by a law, is as fully to all intents and purposes a grant, as if it contained in terms a graht de noeo. The acts of the commissioners appointed to adjust and settle land titles in Louisiana, under the acts of congress authorizing and confirming the same, are concludive a to all titles to lands, which have been-confirmed according to the provisions of the different acts of congress on the subject. It is inconsistent with all the acts of congress which have organized boards of commissioners for adjusting land titles, the proceedings of the board, and the laws which have confirmed them,-that the confirmations of the pommissioners shall enuro to any other uses, or to any other person, than the person or persons claiming the confirmation: it would defeat the whole object of these laws, and intioduce inflaite public mischief; were the Court to decide that the confirmations by the conm issioners and congress, made expressly to those who claim by derivative titles, did not operate t6 their own use.
IN error to the district court of the United States for the district of Missouri.
The counsel for the plaintiff in error, exhibited the following statement of the case:-
"This was an action of ejectment brought by Daniel F. Strother, of Kentucky, against Jno. B. C. Lucas, of Missotgri) to recover a tract of land particularly described in the declaration, as follows: "Lying and being in the city and county of St. Louis, state of Missouri, containing two arpents in breadth, by forty in depth, or eighty superficial arpents, French measure; one of which arpents by forty was granted to one Rene Kiersereau and his heirs, by the prbper authority; and the other, to wit, the northern of said two arpents, was originally granted to one Gamache and his heirs; aod which said twoarpents by forty are bounded on the north by a forty arpent lot, ofiginally granted to one Louis Bissonet; and on the south by a forty arpent lot, originally granted to one John Baptiste Bequette; and which said two forty arpent .lots, so above bounded, have been confirmed by the authority of the congress of the United States to the legal representatives of the.said Rene Kiersereau, and Gamache, respectively."
The defendant pleaded the general issue, and the cause was tried at the September term, 1835, when there was a verdict for the defendant, and judgment rendered thereon; to reverse which this writ of error is prosecuted.
By the evidence, it appears that in 1764, the post of St. Louis, in Upper Louisiana, was first established by the French, under M.

JANUARY TERM, 1838,

413

[Strother v. Lucas.]
Laclede. In May, 1770, the Spaniards, under the treaty of 1762, took possession of St. Louis, and Upper Louisiana. Between the year 1764, and 1772, divers grants of land in Upper Louisiana were made by the French and Spanish authorities, respectively., Amongst those grants were some forty or fifty, containing each from one arpent by forty, to four arpents by forty, located in the prairie immediately west of the then village of St. Louis, and extending some distance north and south of it. These lots extend westward to the uniform depth of forty arpents, being parallelograms whose-opposite sides are on the north and south, forty arp-nts in length; and on the east and west from one arpent to four arpents.
Some time in the year 1772, a survey was made, as above described, of these lots, by Martin Duralde, the authorized surveyor of the post of St. Louis.
About that time a fence was established -on the eastern boundary of the above range of lots, which separated them from the village,
and what was called the commons; there was no division fence, nor any fence on the western boundary; the lots were contiguous to each other; but each lot was held separately, and cultivated separitely, by its proprietor or occupant, who was bound by the regulations of the post, to keep the fence in front of his lot (or of whatever number of lots he occupied,) in good repair.
The surveys so made by Duralde, were entered in a book called the Livre Terrein.
Amongst the lots so surveyed and entered, are the two lots in question, described and bounded as in the declaration in this cause. The surveys so entered, and the grants by virtue of which said surveys were made, Were solemnly recognised and affirmed by the Spanish lieutenant governor, Don Pedro Piernas; and by his predecessor, the French commandant, S'Ange de Bellerive.
The entry in the Livre Terrein, No. 2,-p. 68, which contains this recognition of said grants and surveys, has been printed by authority of congress, and is to be -found in Gales & Seaton's American State Papers, vol. 3, p. 677. In the entry in the Livre Terrein of the survey of Gamache's arpent, the grantee is called "Joseph" Gamache. This was a mistake, as is shown fully by the evidence in the cause. It is conclusively proved that the name of Gamache, the grantee, was John Baptiste Gamache, and that no such man as "Joseph" Gamache, existed at that time in-Upper Louisiana.

414

SUPREME COURT.

[Strother v. Lucas.]
The defendant admits upon the record, that the grantee, Gamache, was known as well by the name of John Baptiste Garnache, and of Baptiste Gamache, as Joseph Gamache; but the fact, as proved in evidence, .is that his name was John Baptiste Gamache, and none other.
Immediately after the grants so made to Kiersereau and Gamacne, they togjk possession of their respective lots, and'commenced the cultivation thereof, as acknowledged owners and proprietors, by virtue of said grants and. surveys. John Baptiste Gamache continued to occupy and cultivate' until about January, 1773, when Louis Chancellier took possession; and Rene Kiersereau until about the year 1780, when the said Louis Chancellier succeeded him in. the occupation and cultivation of his lot. Louis Chancellier continued in possession and cultivation of both these lots, claiming the same as proprietor thereof by purchase from tlie original grantees, until his death, in April, 1785. Previous to his death, on his marriage with Marie Louise Dechamp, a marriage contract was executed between him and said Marie Louise, by which a communaute, (partnership) according to theSpanish law, was enacted between them.
On the death of her husband, the said Louis Chancellier, the wid-w, by virtue of her rights under the communaute, was in lawful posses-sion of the common property of herself and husband, and, consequently, of the two arpents by forty in question. On the 8th June, 1785, an appraised inventory "of all the property, moveable and
moveable, which is ascertained to belong to the said deceased, (Louis Chancellier,) and to his wife, Dona! Louise Dechamp," was made in due, foxm bf law, by the lieutenant governor, Don Francisco Cruzat.
In this inventory, the two arpents in question are described by their metes and bounds; that is to say, "two arpents and a half of land in the prairie, bounded on the one side by land of Bequette, on the other by land of Mr. Bijou." The names of Bijou, or Louis Bissonet, are admitted and proved to mean the same individual.
On the 1 th June, 1785, a petition was presented to the lieutenant ,governor, by said widow and Charles Tayon; the guardian of the property of the infant son of said Louis Chancellier and Marie Louise,. praying that said property "in their possession," should be sold at public sale; and on the same day, in pursuance of said petition, an order of sale was made; and on the day following, to wit, the 12th

JANUARY TERM, 18j8.
[Strother v. Lucas,]
June, 1785, the lieutenant governor, Cruzat, proceeded to sell the property described in the inventory, and did actually sell a considerable quantity, thereof; and amongst other property, the two arpents described as above, were sold and adjudicated to the said Marie Louise Chancellier, for-the sum of one hundred and fifty-five livres.
At the Eame sale, on the same day, was also sold the slave Fidel, belonging to said estate and described in the inventory, to one tIyacinthe St. Cyr,'whose security for the payment of the purchase money, (two thousand one hundred livres,) was Adgust Choteau; the former signing by his mark in the margin of the sale, the latter signing his name in full thereon. The first article sold was said Fidel, and the sixth vas the two arpents in question. The sale is declared to have been made at the dwelling of said widow, "in whose possession are all said goods," (" bienes" in Spanish, which means "property" generally). Afterwards, by order of the 14th June, 1785, the sale was suspended for want of competent purchasers, and the balance unsold ordered to be delivered to the widow at the valuation, on condition that she be charged with the same on final partition between her and her son.
On the 8th June, 1786, on petition by the said widow and guardian, a partition was ordered to be made between the widow and said infant; and accordingly an account and partition was made, whereby it appears that said widow was charged with the sum of one hundred and fifty-five livres, being the price of said two arpents by forty, by her purchased at the sale of her husband's property. It appears that the balance coming to'the minor, amounting to six thou.. sand three hundred and thirty-four livres, seven sous, six deniers, was duly paid over to his guardian; said Charles Tayon, and the sum of three thousand dollars, (including said lots, valued at one hundred and fifty-five livres,) duly paid to said widow.
This final settlement and partition was made on the 13th day of September, 1787, in pursuance of the decree of the governor general, Don Estaban Miro, bearing date 25th February, 1787, all which is set out at large upon the record.
Thus it appears, that in pursuance of a final decree made by the supreme authority in Louisiana, the widow of Louis Chancellier was declared and adjudged to be the lawful owner and possessor of the said two arpents, bounded as described in the declaration in this cause; and that the judgment of partition and 'final settlement so made, in

SUPREME COURT.
[Strothdr v, Lucas,]
lavour of said Maria Louisa Chancellier, bears date the 13th day of September, 1787.
In addition to the above proof of the title of Marie Louise Chancellier to said two lots, the plaintiff gave in evidenhe:-
1st. An authentic deed of exchange between Jno. B. Gamache, and said Louis Chancellier; bearing date 23d January, 1773, acknowledged and executed in presence of Don Pedro Piernas, lieutenant governor of Upper Louisiana; whereby said Jno. B. Gamache, as original grantee of said one by forty arpents, conveys the, northern half thereof to said Louis Chancellier, in'exchange.
2d. An authentic deed, dated 6th April, 1781, acknowledged in presence of Francisco Cruzat, lieutenant governor of Upper Louisiana, whereby Marie Magdalene Robillard conveying to said Louis Chancellier, one arpent by forty, bounded by Jno. B. Bequette, and by Jno. B. Gamache's arpept, being the same granted to Rene Kiersereau. In this deed is signed the name of Rene Kiersereau, as "assisting witness;" and his name also as a party witness, is mentioned in the body of the-deed.
It is in evidence that no other man than the grantee existed in Upper Louisiana of the name of Rene Kiersereau; and that Marie Magdalene Robillard,'was the wife of said Rene. Besides this, the signature of said Rene Kiersereau to this deed is duly proved; as is also that ofI the lieutenant governor to this deed, and also to that of Jno. B. Gamache. It is fully proved that said Rene Kiersereau ceased to occupy or cultivate his lot, from the year 1780; and that Louis Chancellier immediately succeeded him in the possession and cultivation thereof- and, as above stated, remained in possession till his death, in April, 1785.
In September, 1788, the widow of Louis Chancellier intermarried with one Joseph Beauchamp, and removed to St. Charles, about twenty miles from St. Louis, on the left bank of the Missouri river.
Some time after the removal of said Beauchamp and wife to St. Charles, (about 1790,) Hyacinth St.' Cyr, the same who purchased the slave Fidel at the sale of Louis Chancellier's property, entered upon the two arpents in question, and commenced the cultivation of the same by permission of said Marie Louise; which permission, according to the testimony of said Marie Louise, was given by hey said second husband, Joseph Beauchamp: and accoi ding to the testimony of Madame St. Cyr, the widow of said Hyacinth St. Cyr, the

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Strother v. Lucas.] syndic authorized said St. Cyr to odcupy and cultivate, and that afterwards her husband had his deeds from Kiersereau and Gamache, as her husband told her.
In 1797 or '98, the eastern -and only fence of those forty arpent lots fell down; and they again became a wilderness, unoccupied and uncultivated by any body, until some time in the year 1808, when the defendant took possession of them, and enclosed a part of the eastern end thereof, under a deed of conveyance from Augustus Choteau, the same Who signed as security for St. Cyr, on the margin of the record of sale of Chancellier's property, as before stated.
In 1815, under the act of congress of 1812, the above two lots were confirmed to the legal representatives of the original grantees; and in said confirmation, the recorder makes special reference to Livre Terrein, No. 2, pages 11 and 12, in which the surveys in favour of Kiersereau and Gamache are recorded.
In 1816, byaqt of congress of the 29th April, 1816, sect. 1, the aforesaid confirmations are ratified.
The plaintiff then gave in evidence a deed of conveyance from Augustus Gamache, the survivor of the two sons and heirs of John B. Gamache, of his estate, whatever it might be, in said one by forty arpents granted to his father, John B. Gamache, to Basil Laroque and Marie Louise Laroque his wife. Basil Laroque was the third husband of said Marie Louise, the widow of Louis Chancellier. The plaintiff then gave in evidence deeds of conveyance duly acknowledged from said Basil Laroque and Marie Louise, of the said two by forty arpents to George F. Strother, and a 'deed from said Strother to plaintiff.
Here the plaintiff closed his case, arid the defendant then gave in
evidence: 1st. Two deede , bearing date same day, the 23d October, 1783,
the one purporting to be a conveyance by said Rene Kiersereau to said Hyacinth St. Cyr, of the one by forty arpents granted to said Rene Kiersereau; the other purporting to 1e a deed from "1Joseph" Gamache, of the one by forty, arpents granted to Gamache; and which deed is signed Batis Gamache.
In both those deeds it is recited, that for several years previous to their date said St. Cyr had been in possession, and was then in possession of the lots in question.
The defendant then gave in evidence certain proceedings, dated VoL. XII.-3 G

SUPREME COURT.
[Strother v. Lucas.] in 1801, in the matter of Hyacinth St. Cyr, a bankrupt; by which it. appears, that amongst the property sold by the syndio on that occasion, "'two arpents of land in the first prairie of St. Louis, near the tower, by forty arpents in depth, bounded on the one side by the widow Bissonet, and on the other by Mr. Hortiz," were adjudicated to Mr. Auguste Choteau for twelve dollars.
The defendant then gave in evidence extracts from the proceedings of the board of commissioners, of which board said defendant was a member; purporting to be a confirmaion of said two arpents by forty to Auguste Choteau, as assignee of Hyacinth St. Cyr" assignee of said original grantees.
He also gave in evidence a deed, dated 11th January, 1808, from said Auguste Choteau and wife to said defendant, purporting to convey, in fee, to said defendant, said two arpents by forty; " of which forty arpents have originally been ceded to Rene Kiersereau, and the other forty arpents have been originally ceded to Joseph Gamache, the whole bounded by a tract of land originally conclded to John B. Beguette, and by another tract originally conceded to Louis Bissonet; the whole belonging to us, (the said Choteau and wife,) as having become the purchasers of it at the public sale of the property of Mr. Hyacinth St. Cyr."
The defendant then read to the jury certain extracts from the proceedings of the board of commissioners, of which'he was a member; by which it appeared that the said board met at St. Charles on the 3d of August, 1807, and held their session there until the 8th of the same month and year.
The defendant lastly read in evidence an extract from the record of a judgment in an action of ejectment for said lots, in, the district court of the United States, in which the said Daniel F. Strother was, plaintiff, and said John B. Lucas was defendant; and there closed his case in defence.
The plaintiff, in reply,, proved by extracts from the records of the board of commissioners, that the defendant was a member of the hoard before which Auguste Choteau filed his claim as assignee of St. Cyr, assignee of the original grantees; arAd that while said claim was pending, and before any action of the board was had upon it, Lucas being still a member'of the board, took the deed of conveyance aforesaid, of the l1th January, 1808, from said Auguste, Choteau.
It is admitted on the record, that the plaintiff is a citizen of Ken-

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Strothep v. 'Lucas.] tucky, and that the premises in dispute are worth more than two thousand dollars.
The case being closed on each side, the plaintiff then moved the court to instruct the jury as follows:
1. rhat there is evidence before the jury of the possession and title of Rene Kiersereau and John B. Gamache, as absolute owners and proprietors of the two forty arpents lots described in the declaration.
A. That there is evidence before the jury of the possession and title of Louis Chancellier, as owner and proprietor of the two forty arpents lots in question, as assignee of said Rene Kiersereau and said John B. Garache, respectively.
3. That there'is evidence of the actual possession after the death of'said Louis Chanceliier by his widow, said Marie Louise, of said two forty arpents lots, claiming the same as' absolute owner thereof.
4. That the plaintiff has established his title as assignee of Marie Lou~ise Chancellier, to the estate and interest vested in her and her heirs, in and to the two forty arpents in question.
5. That the deed' givea in evidence by plaintiff from Auguste Gamache to Bazil Laroque and Marie Louise, his wife, enures to the benefit of the plaintiff.
6. That if the jury shall be of opinion from the evidence, that Hyacinth St. Cyr originally obtained possession of the lots in question, as tenant of Marie Louise, the widow of Louis Chancellier, or by virtbe of a permission to occupy and cultivate, given to said S4. Cyr, by the syndic of the village df St. Louis; the lossession of St. Cyr, so obtained, shall be taken by the jury as, in law, the possession of said Marie Louise.
7. That the confirmations of the board of commissioners, on the 23d July, 1810, of which the defendant was a member, could, at most, only operate as a quit-claim by the United States in favour of the Priginal grantees; and could not decide the question of derivative title, under said original grantees.
8. That the mere fact of the land described in the confirmation to Choteu, and the land described in the confirmation given in evidence by the plaintiff, and the declaration being identical, does not -entitle the defendant to a verdict in his favour.
9. That no forfeitore or disqualification has accrued against Madame Marie Louise, the widow of Louis ChancQllier, or against her assigns, under any act of congress, whereby she or they are barred

SUPREME COURT.
[Strother v. Lucas.] from asserting their legal and equitable rights to the lots in question before this court.
Which instructions were given by the court. The plaintiff also moved that the following instructions be given to the jury: 1. That the sale, and partition, and final decree, of which duly certified copies have been-given in evidence by the plaintiff, establish the title of the widow of Louis Chancellier, Madame Marie Louise Des Champs and her heirs, to the land described in said sale and partition, as sold and allotted to her, part 'of which said land consists of the two arpents -by forty in the declaration described, bounded by Bijou on the one side, and by John B. Bequette on the other. 2. That independently of the title of Rene'Kiersereau and John B. Gamache, there would be sufficient evicence before the jury to establish a title by prescription in Louis Chancellier and his heirs, and Marie Louise, his widow and her heirs, to the two forty arpents described in the declaration. 3. That Hyacinth St. Cyr took no title by prescxiption in and to said lots. 4. That if the jury shall be of opinion that Hyacinth St. Cyr had notice of the sale of said lots to Marie Louise by the proper Spanish authority, as given in evidence by the plaintiff; the possession of said Hyacinth St. Cyr of said arpents, was not such as could be adverse to said Marie Louise, or could create an estate by prescription in favour of said St. Cyr. 5. That if the jury shall be of opinion from the evidence that St. Cyr was a purchaser at the public sale of the property of Louis Chancellier, or signed his name, or made his mark as purchaser on the margin of said sale; these facts are prima facie evidence that said St. Cyr had notice of the title of said Marie Louise as purchaser at said sale of the lots therein described, as §old to her,
6th. That the deeds given in evidence by the defendant from Rene Kiersereau, bearing datethe 23d of October, 1793, conveyed nothing to St. Cyr; being made by a person out of possession, and whose conveyance for the same land by another person to Chancellier, was upon record, and who, therefore, was guilty of the crime. of "Estelionato," punishable by fine dnd banishment, by the Spanish law then in force.
7th. That the leed .iven in evidence by defendant from Joseph Gamache to Hyacinth St. Cyr, dated 23d October, 1793, is void, on

JANUARY TERM, 18j8.

42i

[Strother v. Lmcas.]
the ground of '"Estelionato, ' in Batis Gamache, supposing that he made the deed: 2d, on the ground of uncertainty in the deed itself, in this, that it purports to be a'deed of Joseph Gamache, and is signed Batis 4 Ganache.
8th. That Apiguste Choteau took no estate' by prescription in either of said forty arpent lots in question.
9th. That there is no evidence of possession, whatever, adverse or otherwise, by Auguste Choteau, of said two forty arpents lots, or of any, part thereof.
10th. That if the jury shall be of opinion, from the evidence before them, that the said Auguste Choteau bid notice' of the public sale of said lots to Madame Marie Louise Chancellier, his possession or claim to said lots under Hyacinth St. Cyr is fraudulent and void. as against said Marie, Lofaise and her heirs and a~signs.
11th. That the' certified copy of the proceedings and sale by the syndic in, the matter of Hyacinth St. Cyr,.'a bankrupt, is not evi.dene either of St..Cyr's title to either of the lots in questicn, or that the same were sold by said syndic to said Auguste Choteau, as part of said St. Cyr's property.
12th. That the defendant has shown no title by prescription under .the Spanish or civil law, or by the statutes- of limitation; (in bar of plaintiff,) unaer the Anglo-American laws to the lots in question.
13th. That the title of the defeidanf, as assignee of Auguste Choteau, is vitiated by the fraud' which vitiates the title of Choteau and of St. Cyr.
14th. That the deed from Auguste Choteai and wife to Lucas, of the lots in question, dated 11th January, 1808, is void for fraud; if in the opinion of the jury it was a sale and conveyance to Lucas of' a claim and interest pending before said Lucas himself for adjudication.
15th. That if, in the opinion of the jury, the claim was pending before Lucas as commissioner when he bought it, the adjudication or confirmation of it on the 23d July, 1810, by the board of conmissioners, of which Lucas'was a member, is fraudulent and void at law and in-equity.
16th. That neither the statute of limitation, nor the Spanish law of prescription can avail the defendant, Lucas, independently of' the possession of St. Cyr and Choteau.
17th. That the orders of survey given in evidence by the defendant, and made by hims'lf and his.two colleagues in., favour of 'Auguste Choteau, bearing dat.6 June'10, 1811, was fraudulent and

SUPREME, COURT.

fStrother'v. 'Lcca.)

void; if the jury shall be of opinion, from the evidence that the

claims therein ordered to besurveyed- had been sold to said defend-

ant by said Choteau previpus to the date of said order, and while

said

claims

were

pending'

for

adjudication

before said order

dmeefnentidoannetd, . as

a member of the board f comnissioners, in said

S18th. That if any penal effect resulted from any act of congress to

Mad. Chancellier and her assigns, or to the legal representatives' of! Rene Kiersereau and J. B. Gamache; the act of congress of January! 1831, entitled "1an act further supplemental to the act entitled an act

making further provisions for settling the claims to lands in the territory of Missouri,' passed the thirteenth day of ,June, one thobsand 'eight lhiindred and twelve'; remits the parties to their original legal and equitable rights and titles, as if no such. penal acts bad ever been in force.
19th. That upon the case made by plaintiff he is entitled to a ver-
lict for all that part of the two forty arpents lotq inquestion, situated west of 7th street, in St. Louis, and all the lots east of 7th street, according to the-admissions of defendant as above.
20th. That in this case there is no law or binding ordinance of the. Spanish government, by which Madame Chancellier and thpse claiming under her could be deprivedj according to the state of the evide*ce in this case, of Whatever title she acquired to the land in question, under tle purchase made of it by heras the property of her husband.
21st. That if the jury believe from the evidence that St. Cyr ceased to cultivate and be in actual, possession of the premises indis-, pute from 1797 or. 1798, prescription ceased to run in his favour, and that of those who claim under him from that time.
Which instructions the court refused to give; but instructed the jury in relation to the 'matters referred to in the first instruction above refused: "that the sale, and partition, and final decree, the record of which certified copies have been given in evidence by the plaintiff, did pass the title of Louis Chancellier, mentioned in said proceedings of sale, such as it was at the time of his death, or such 'as it was in his heirs at the time of said sale to Madame Marie Louise5 his widow,,mentioned in said proceedings, and her, heirs'to the lands described in said record of sale and partition, as sold and allotted to
her." And further instrinted the jury, in relation to the matters men-
tioned in the fifth instruction above refused: "that if the jury should

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Strother v. Lucas.]
be of opinion that St. Cyr, under whom the defendant claims, was a purchaser at said public sale of the property of said Louis Chancel-, lier, or did sign, his name or ,make his mark on the margin of the record of said sale; these facts, or either of them, is evidence proper for them to consider in ascertaining whether said St. Cyr hdd notice of the said title of -said Marie Louise as purchaser at the said sale of the lots described in the record thereof as sold to her.:'
And further instructed the jury in relation to the matters referred 'to in the eleventh instruction above refused: "that the certified copy of the proceedings and sale by the syndic of the property and estate of St. Cyr as a bankrupt, was not evidence of a title to said St. Cyr to the lots in question, or either of them."
And further instructed the jury in, relation to the matters referrecd to in the twelfth instruction above -refused, and to the statutes of limitation referred to in that refused instruction: " that the defendant had shown no title to the lots in question, nor any bar to the plaintiff's recovery under any statute or statute's of limitation."
And further instructed the jury in relation to the matters referred to in the sixteenth instruction above refused: "that the statute of limitations could not avail the defendant Lucas, either with or independent of the possession of St. Cyr."
And 'further instructed the jury in relation to the matters referred -to in the eighteenth instruction above refused-: "that 'although the act of congress of the 31st of January, 1831, referred to in said refused instruction last mentioned, does not'remit the penalties as in that refused instruction is-supposed by the plaintiff;, yet, that in fact no penal effect results from any act of congress which bars or stands in the way of plaintiff's recovery in the present action, or which in any manner affects his title, or evidence of title, undpr, or to be derived from said acts,, or any of them, under the admissions of the parties in the present case."
The -counsel for the plaintiff excepted to the opinion of the court in refusing to give the several instructions; as well as to the opinion of the court in giving the instructions which they did give.
The defendant then moved the court to instruct the jury as follows: ist. That if the jury find from the evidence tlhat Hyacinth St. Cyr, and those lawfully claiming under him, have possessed the two arpenta by forty, surveyed for Gamache and Kiersereau, without in-

SUPREME COURT.
[Strother v. Lucas.] terruption, and with claim of title for thirty years, consecutively, prior to 1818, the plaintiff is not 'entitled to recover in this action.
gd. If the jury find from the evidence, that Hyacinth St. Cyr, and those lawfully claiming under him, possessed, the two lots 'inthe declaration mentioned for ten years, consecutively, prior to ahd until the 23d day of July 1810;'and that the lands confirmed to Auguste. Choteau on that day are the'sam'e lands in the declaration mentioned, the plaintiff cannot recover in this action.
3d. If the jury find from the evidence that the defendant possessed thelots of land in the declaration mentioned for ten'years, consecutively, prior to the Ist of October, 1818, the plaintiff cannot recover ind this aoion.
Which iiistructions the court gave to the jury, with the further instruction; "That the possession mentioned must be an open and notorious possession; arid that if they should find, such possession, it gave title under, and acc6rding to the Spanish or civil law, which ,was in force in Upper Louisiana at the' date of the treaty by which Louisiana, was-acquired by the United States; and remained in foiee and unabr'ogated by-any law of the district of Louisiana or of Missouri'down to a period as late as'October, 1818. That the posseisibn of.ten oi thirty years would give a title, the one'period or the other, according to the circumstances under which the possession was obtained. That the ten years possession which would give a prescriptive title, must be a possession under a purchase made in good faith; and where the purchaser believed that the person of whom he purchased had a good title; and where the owner of the title prescribed against resided in the same country during the said ten years. That if the "jury believe fromr the evidence, that the possession of St. Cyr, under whom the-defendant claims, was obtained under a purchase made by him in good faith, and under. the belief that the peeson of whom he purchased had a-good title; and that the pdssession of Choteau, under whom the defendant claims, was obtained in like manner, and under a purchase made with the like belief; and that they had the possession mentioned in the second. instruction asked for 'on the part of the defendant; and that the said Marie Louise was in the country during the said ten'years: the plaintiff 6annot recover
in this' action." And 'further instructed the jury in relation to the possession men-
tioned in the fhird instzluction asked for on the part of the defendant, "that to make the possession there mentioned a bar to the plaintiff's

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Strother v. Lucas.1-
recovery in the present action, the possession of the defendant must have been obtained under a purchase, where he believed that, the person of whom he purchased had a good- title; and that the said Marie Louise was in the country during the said ten years, which, unless the jury believe, they cannot find for the defendant upon such possession."
To which opinion the plaintiff excepted. Afterwards the judge, of his own motion, further instructed the jury as follows: That-the possession which the said Louis Chancellier had at the time of his death passed to his heirs, and afterwards to his widow, the said Marie Louise, under 'the .purchase made by her at the said public, sale of the estate of the said Louis, and that the possession of the gaid Marie Louise would be presumed to conti. -in her and her heirs, until an adverse possession was shown; and woulu continue in her, her heirs or assigns, until an adverse possession was 4ctually taken. And. further instructed the jury, that if they should find from the evidence that said St. Cyr took possession, or was in possession of the lands in controversy, or iny. of them, under the said Marie Louise, or as her' tenant, his possession, so taken or held, would be the possession of the said Marie Louise, and would not be a possession in St. Cyr, available by him or those claiming under him, under the law of prescription mentioned. But, that if the jury should be ofopinion that said St. Cyr came to the possession of the land in controversy, not as the tenant of the said Marie Louisei or under her, but under a claim and title adverse to her, such adverse claim and possession would constitute a possession upon which a prescription, by the Spanish or civil law referred to, and then in force, yould begin to run in favour of him, and those claiming under him, if such possession was actual, open, and notorious; and that such possession, so commenced, would constitute' and preserve to said St. Cyr, his heirs or assigns, a possession, available under the law of prescription referred to, notwithstanding said St. Cyr, or those deriving title from him, should leave the actual possession, or cease to occupy and cultivate, if that abandonment of the actual possession, occupancy, or cultivation, was with the intention to return, and without any mental abandonment of the possession. And further instructed the jury, that if they should be of opinion from the evidence, that Rene Kiersereau, under whom the parties
Voyr. XII.-3 H

SUPREME COURT.
[Strother v. Lucas.]
claim,. did attest the sale of the lot in controversy, which both parties,.,in the present case, claim under him, alleged to be made by Marie Reno Robillia to said Louis Chanellier, by becoming a siibscribi'ng Witness to the ihstr'ment of sale in"'evidence on behalf of .the plaintiff, 5nd purporting.to be signed .by said Marie
Reno Robillia, and that said Rene Kiprsereau, at the. time of .be-
coming such subscribing witness, was the husband of said Marie Reno, the title of said Rene Kiersereau wopild, from his presumed assent to said sale, and presumed receipt of the consideration expressed in said instrument as the husband of said Marie Renno, in presumption of law, pass by said sale to Louis Chancellier. That the subscribing witnesses to a sale in writing, made before a notary or other officer acting as such, are presumed to have been.. informed of the contents of the written instrument of siale, because, by the civil or Spanish law referred" to, which was in force in Louisiana, it was the duty of the n6tary oi other officer to make known to the witness, as well as to the parties, the contents of the writing which they "attested and subscribed. But that the jury would coi sider, from the evidence, and the circumstances in eyidence, in this case,, -whether the said Rene, being the; husband of the -said Marie Reno, did become the subscribing witness to said instrument. And if they should be of opinion that he did not, oT. that the same is fraudulent,, as against him, his title was not passed by the alleged sale. That if the jqry find that the title of said Rene Kiersereau did pass by said sale to said Louis Cbancellier, and that the land so acquired by him, and also the, land derived by the plaintiff under said Gamache, are the said lands mentioned in the declaration; they will find a verdict for the plaintiff for those lands, or, so much thereof as are described in the leclaration: unless they find that the title has been lost by him, or those under whom he claims by prescription, according to the principles already stated by the court.
And further instructed the jury, that if they should find from the evidcence, that the residue of the land mentioned, in the declaration, or any part thereof, was in the possession of Louis Chancellier at the time of his death, and that he and those, claiming under-him had such possession for thirty years, consecutively, they would find for the plaintiff, for such residue, so possessed; unless they should find that his right,, so acquired; had been lost by prescription, under an adverse possession, according to the principles already stated.

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Strother v. Luoas.]
The case was.argued by Mr. Lawless and Mr. Penton for the plaintiff in error: and by Mr. Geyer aid Mr. Jones for 'the defendant.t
In support of the assignment' of errors in this case the plaintiff'A counsel contended:
.1.That the lots in question constituted a propeity in the granteea tJaereof, and their heirs or assigns; which was protected'and guaiantied 'by the treaty of cession of Louisiana. b France to the Tfnitedl States.
g. That pt the date of the treaty of cession: of Louisiana by France to the United States,. the lots in question' were Vested, by title oftthe highest order, in Marie Louise, the widow of Louis Chancellier; who died in April, 1785.
3. That the original grant of said lots, respectively; has not only been vested, by title of the highest order, in Marie Louis% as far as said title could be given by'the supreme power in Louisiana, while a province of Spain; but hassince, been confirmed by the government of the: United States to sai& origiinal grantees and their, legal represenitatives.
4. That ,at the date of saiOl confirmation by the.United States, ,the said Marie Louise, the 'widow ,of Louis Chancellier, was, the true assignee and legal representative of the said original grantees..
5. That thetitle of said Marie Louise and of said original graotees is now fully vested in the plaintiff.
6. That the title' of the plaintiff, as assignee of Marie Louise, the widow of Louis Chancellier, to the lots in question, has' been fully inade out and established by the evidence in this cause; and has not been:invalidated'or'rebutted by the defendant, either by showing a better title'under th6 original grantees, or by showing a title in him by prescriptioni or limitation, or forfeiture, or escheat; or by establishing any ,&hr title adierse to that of plaintiff.
Mr. Justice BALDWIi4 delivered the opinion of the Court: The' Dlaintiff brought an ejectment in the district court of Mis-
The reporter has been most kindly furnished with the arguments of Messrs. .Lawless and Beniton, the counsel for the plaintifi, which has'been prepared, by Mr.' lawless vih great ability and learning. It Was his wish and.intention to insert it Iin the' report of the case, had 'he received the argument for the defendant in time. The argument. for the plaintiff will be found In the "Appendix ';" 'where will also be found the argument for the defendant, should it b&received before -thecompletion of this 7olume.

SUPREMEF COURT.
[Strother v. Lucas.]
souri, to recover possession of two pieces or tracts of land, formerly common field lots adjacent to the village, and now part of the city of St. Louis; g verdict and judgment was rendered- for the defendant, on which the plaintiff brought his *rit of error. The whole merits of the case have been brodght before u, by the whole evidencegiven at the trial, and forty-three instructions asked, refused, or given, spread out in the record; which present a case of great interest, as well in reference to the value of the property in controversy, as the principles which are necessarily irnvolved in its decision.
Both parties claim under Rene Kiersereau, and John B. Gamache; each of whom were in possession of one of these lots, at a very early period after- the founding the village of. St. Louis in 1764, while Louisiana was under the dominion of France, though she bad ceded it to Spain two years before by the secret treaty of Fontainebleau. Spain took possession of the province in 1769-70, from which time she held it till she ceded it to France in 1800; the laws of Spain were established in it, but the title of those who had received grants from the local authorities, or made settlements, either in the villages or on the public domain, before the actual surrende of the province by 'France, were respected. Accordingly it appears, that in 1772, the following instrument was executed between the French and Spanish. governors, which is found in the 3d Vol. Am. State Papers-Public Lands, ahd is of the tenor and purport following:
Translation of a French document marked C., published in the third volume of the American State Papers-Public Lands, p. 67,"truly ahd faithfully made and written by me, Robert Green how, translator of foreign languages in the departmept of state of the United States.L-Washington, February, 26, 1838.
Cadastie* formed by me, Martin Duralde, surveyor, appointed by Mons. Don Pedro Piernas, captain of infantry, and lieutenant governor of the establishments and other dependencies of the Spanish government' of the Illinois, and deposited in the archives of the said government 'in form' of proces-verbal, to serve to designate the various tracts of larid granted in the name of.the king to the inhabitants of this post of St. Louis; as well by title [deed] as by verbal consent,' by the chiefs who have governed them from the foundation
Note by the translator.-A cqdastre is an official statement of the quantity and value of real property in any district, made for the purpose of justly apportioning the taxes payable on such property.-R. G.

JANUARY TERM, 1838

429

[Strother v. Lucas.]

[of the government] to this moment, which I have surveyed; and

which, after the exchanges, cessions or sales which may have been

made of them, for the convenience or advantage of each person, are

actually in the possession of the persons hereinafter named, agreeably

to their own attestations and reciprocal acknowledgments, situated in

the prairies contiguous to this same post, in the order and according

to the directions detailed as follows:.

I thus attest it by my signature, and by the unanimous acknow-

ledgments of all the abovementioned proprietors, assembled at this

moment,'with the approbation of my said Sr. Don Pedro Piernas, in

the chamber of the government, to serve as mutual witliesses, and'to

affirm the fact, some by their signatures, the others, from not being

able to sin, by their declarations in presence of Messrs. Don Pedro

Piernas, the abovementioned lieutenant governor, and Don Louis St.

Ange de Bellerive, retired captain and first predecessor in command

of this said post, both serving, to wit: the latter, to certify by his

signature, in'his said quality, and in virtue of the power confided to

him, that he had granted either by title [deed] or verbally he above-

mentioned lands, in the name of his majesty (the king of France);

and my said Sr. Piernas,,to approve, confirm and ratify likewise, by

his signature, in his actual character of lieutenant governor, whereby

he is provided with the same power of granting [conceder] the pos-

sessions allowed to be good [aecord~es]* by mysaid Sieur de St.

Ange,'and specified in the body of this cadastre, which I deposite, containing sixty-eight pages of Writing, including the present, in the

archives of this g6vernment, to be there preserved fotever, and to

serve for the uses, the assurance, authenticity and testimony of all

therein set forth, at St. Louis, on the twenty-third of May, in the

year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

M. Duralde,

Amable Guyon,

Laclede ILiauest,

Sarpy,

Dodie,

Cotte,

A. Conde,

St. Ange,

Rene Kiersereau,

Pedro Pi4nas.

Becquet.

St. Louis, January 7, 1812.

M. P. Leduc, T. B. C. L. T.

True extract from the Livre Terrein, Book N. 2.

Note by the translator.-The French word conceder means to grant; accorder, among many significations, of which to grant is bne, has that of acknowledging or declaring any proposition to be good or true; and from the context, such appears to be its sense in the paper here translated. R. G.

$UPEME COURT.
[Stfother v. Lucas.]
Pursuant to this most solemn act, surveys were made of the lots fespectively claimed and possessed by Kiersereau and Gamache, by, the public surveyor, and entered of record on the land book of the province; and they continued in the quiet enjoyment of the lots from that time, as they had previous y held them according to tha laws, usages,and customs of France, while "under the government of the province Of the Illinois.
The plaintiff-claims the prenises in controversy under and in right of Kierseieau and Gamache,'by the follo.wing chaiii of title.
1 By a deed made in 1781, from Maile Magdalena Robellar, the wife of Rene -Kibrsereau, to Louis Chancellier, conveyifng one of the lots in question, (being the One. owned by Kiersereau,) containing one arpent in front, by forty in depth, to which, as the plaintiff alleged, Kiersereau was an assisting witness, 'whereby his right passed to the grantee of his' wife, accotding to the law of Spain, in force in the province.',. The consideration was f6ur hundred livres, equal to eighty dollars.
2. By deed of exchange, made in 1773, between Chanc'ellier and Gamache, whereby the latter. conveyed to 'the former one-half of his lot, being ,one-half arpen t in front by forty back) in exchange for an ox; and'a half fron. a pent,.by ,the same depth, which'Chancellier had; owned before.
Both deeds were executed in the hall of the government, in the presence of the'local governor, and signed by him. The witnesses of assistance' to'the lattei were, Xf. iDuralde, the surveyor general, and Alvarez, a srgednt in the garrison; to the formr the witnesses of assistance were, a§: named. in the concluting clause of the deed, " Rene Gueircero," and in the attestation, "Rene. Kirgeaux," and Louis Rover.
3. By a deed tromone of the heirs, of Gamache, conveying to Basil and Marie Lohie Laroque (formerly Madame Chancellier,) his right in aid to the remainining half of Gamache's lot, for the consideration of one dollar. This, de6d bears date. 22d June, '1827.
4. By deeds from Laroque, and w'ife, inae in March,187 and September, 1828, conveying to George'F, Strother, the two arpents by forty,.to which she claimed right under Gamache, Kiersereau, and Chancellier, 'in coisideration of three hundred dollarq.
5. By deed from George F. Strother to Daniel F. Strother, t.he plaintiff, dated July, .1827, conveying the premises in controversy to him for the consideratioAi of three hundred dollars.

JANUARY TItRM, 1898.
[Strothpr v. Lucas.]
The title of Laroque and-wife is thus deduced: Louis Chancellier took possession of the lots conveyed to him as before,, held and cultivated there till his death, in 1785; when, by a judicial proceeding' beforethe lieutenant governor, in.his judicial capacity, conducted in conformity with the laws of Spain, the whole estate of Chancellier was inventoried, and apprised by sworn appraisers; the result of which-was, thata final adjudication was. made in 1787 by the governor, which was signed by him and the parties concerned, who consented thereto. By this adjudication, the real and personal estate of Chancellier, after,the payment of,his debts, was divided between his widow and their only child, accqrding to the, laws of distrilution in the prdvince; the one and a-half arpents were allotted to the widow at one hundred and'fifty-five livres, equal to thirty-one dollars, for the sixty arpents, being fifty-'one cents per atpent: the half arpent was, also allotted to, her at eight livres, equal to one, dollar sixty cents for the twenty arpepts, being eight cents per arpent; which is a little more than four-fifths of the English acre, the proportion between them being as one .hundred of theformer to eighty-five of the latter. Madame Chancellier married again in 1787 or' 8, about two and a-half years after Chancellier's death, and immediately removed with her husband, oneBeauchamp, to St. Charles, a village about twenty or twenty-fiye miles from St.- Louis; where she continued to reside, without making any claim to-the lots, till about 1818: .and no suit was brought to recover possession theteof till the present plaintiff prosecuted his claim, under her right,.in the, case betwen the' same parties, reported in 6 Peters, 763. Waiving, for the present, the consideration of a question raised at the trial, whether Rene Gueircero, or Rene Kirgeaux, was the real and true Rene Kiersereau, the, rightful owner of part of the property in controversy between the parties, or anotber person,,we are clearly of opinion, that Madame Chancellier, in 1787, had a good title to the forty arpents formerly,owned by Kiersereau, and the twenty arpents
conveyed in exchange by Gamache to Charieelliei, in siich right, arid by such tenure aswas given and prescribed by the laws of Spain, and the province, which will, be hereafter considered; and that we cannot now questionthe validity of those acts of the local governor, whether acting in his political or judicial capacity, for reasons hereafter to be given.
As to the twenty arpents held by Gamache, there is'no written

432

SUPREME COURT.

[Strother v. Lucas.' evidence that his right thereto was ever conveyed in whole or part, before 1827, to the plaintiff, or any person under whom he claims; nor is there to be found in the record, any other evidence of any right thereto in Chancellier, unless it may have been by possession or mere claim. We-find in the inventory and appraisement of his estate, in 1785, that the sixty arpents were then in wheat, valued at six hundred livres, equal to one hundred and twenty dollars, or two dollars per arpent, with the crop in the ground; and the twenty arpents, valued at fifteen livres, equal to three dollars, or fifteen cents per arpent; also that the whole- eighty arpents were allotted to the widow, by the final adjudication in 1787. This is, undoubtedly, evidence of a claim by Chancellier, and its recognition by the local authorities, of its rightful existence, so far as it extends, coimpetent for the court below, and jury, to consider. But, for the present, we shall take these proceedings, and any possession by Chancellier, as not operating, per se, to divest the lawful title of Gamache to the twenty arpents, such as it was under the laws of Spain, the acts of the local. authorities, and his possession and cultivation pursuant thereto. Whether there is any evidence in the record which -an have that effect, will be a matter for future consideration, should it be deemed important.
Thus taking the plaintiff's title, we proceed to state that of the defendant, who claims inder and in right of Hyacinth St. Cyr, who, about 178$, took possession of the two lots, and continued to cultivate the front thereof for ten consecutive years, till 1798, 99, when the fence having been destroyed, the lots remained open till 1808. St. Cyr claimed in'virtue of a parol sale by Madame Chancellier to him, after the adjudication, byhis possession delivered to him by the local officer, charged with the supervision of the common field lots of the village; agreeably to the local laws, its usages and customs, conformab)y to the laws of Spain, together with' his uninterrupted cultivation as aforesaid.
2. By two deeds, one from Kiersereau, the other from Gamache, both dated 23d October,. 1793, both originials, found among a great number of deeds in the aneient archives of the country, delivered and handed over to the'recorder of St. Louis county, after the cession in 1803, and both executed by the parties, in the presence of, and signed by the governor, with the attestation of two witnesses of assistance. Each deed conveys the lot owned by tho grantor, with a clause of warranty, reciting' St. Cyr as having been in possession

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Strother v..Lucas.]
several years; that of Kiersereau being for, the coitsideration of five hundred andtwenty-five, and that of Gamache, for three hundred livres; equal to one hundred and sixty-five dollars for both.
3. By the following eitries on the Land Book, containing the record of the official 'survey for Rene Kiersereau, "1793, St. Cyr, 1 Arpent;" ania the following on the survey of "Joseph Gamacbe, 1793; St. Cyr, 1 Arpent; name of said Gamache is Baptiste, instead of Joseph;" 'which 'entries must be taken to denote, that,St. Cyr then claimed the lots under the parties for whom the original surveys were made and recorded.
4. By a judicial proceeding against St. Cyr, as a bankrupt, had before'the lieutenant governor, in his judicial capacity, in 1801, by which the two lots were seized, appraised by sworn appraisers 'at ten dollars, and sold to Auguste Choteau, as the property of St. Cyr, at the church door, at the conclusion of high mass, for twelve dollars, payable in peltries at the current price, 'in April, 1802; for which one Sanguinet was security. The whole proceeding in the sale: was executed in the presence of the witnesses of 'assistance; one of whom was the suryeyor ,general; the appraisers, St. Cyr, the 'syn, 'die, and the lieutenant governor, who all signed the proceedings.
5. By the proceedings of the board of commissioners of the United States, for adjusting land titles in Missouri, in 1809, and 10, by Which it appears that'Choteau filed'his claim to these lots in 1806, according to the acts of congress, as the assignee of St. Cyr, assignee of Rene Kiersereau, and Joseph Gamache. He produced to the board the concessions for the same, registered in thd Livre Terrein, plots of the surveys, copies of the deeds from Kiersereau and Gamache, to St. Cyr, with a certified -copy of the proceeding of bankruptcy against him, by which Choteau became the purchaser of the two lots; and that the board, consisting of Mr. Penrose andBates, confirmed the lots to Chpteau, according, to the recorded surveys in the Land Book, No. 2, folio 11.
6. By a deed from Auguste Choteau to the' defendant; d4ted in January, 1808, conveying him the two lots in question, for the consideration of four hundred and fifty dollars.
7. By the confirmation of the, rights,'titles and claims to town or village lots, out lots, common field lots, aind commons, adjoining or belonging to the town of St..Louai§, and 'others, which have been inhabited, cultivated, or possessed, prior to the 20th December, 1803,
Vo1 XIT.-31

SUPREME' COURT.
[Strother v. Luoas.]
to the inhabitants thereof, according to 'their several right or rihts in common thereto.
8, By the actual continued possession of the two lots by the dfendant, from 1808 till the trial, as then admitted-by the plaintifE
Waiving at present the question which. arose below as to the identity of the Gamache who conveyed to St. Cy r in 1792, with' the Gamache who was the owner of.the lot, on account of the name of "Joseph Gamache," being in the granting part of the deed, and the mark of "Baptiste Gamache" at the foot, with the mark of Hyacinth St. Cyr, as has been done in relation to the similar objection to the
deed from M. M. Robillar to Chancellier, in 1781; we are 'cleatly of the opinion, that the title of the defendant put be held valid unless the plaintiff has sustained some of his Objections thereto, by the law, or the facts of the case, as.they appeared 'from the evidence, on which the instructions of the court musM be taken to be fou'nded, as the subject matter, to which a reference is necessarily made by the counsel in the court below.
When this cause was before us in 1832, it was decided on the case, as made out by the plaintiff on' the 'trial; the defendant offered no,evidence; and neither court'did or could decide on the rights 'of the parties, as they may' depend on the record , written and parol evidence, presented for consideration in the' present record. Had 'this case been identical with the former, as to the merits, we should have followed the deliberate opinion' delivered therein; but as one judgment in ejectment is not conclusive on the. right of either possession or properiy ii dihe premises in controversy, the plaintiff has a right to bring a new suit;' and the court must consider the case, even if it is in all respects identical wjththe former: though they may hold it to be decided by the opinion therein given. It is otherwise, when the second case: presents a plaintiff or deferidant's right, on matters of law or fact, materialto its, decision,.not appearing in 'the record before; it then becomes the duty of the Court to decide all pertinent questions arisifig on the .record, in the same manner as if the 'case came before them for the first time, save such as ,'arise on evidence identical as to the merits. In this case, we deem it a peculiar duty, enjoined upon us by the nature of the case, the course of the able and learned arguments as to. the law-of Spain and her colonies, in its bearing on the interesting question before us; together with a view of the consequences of our final decision thereon. Were we to leave any questions undecided which fairly arise on the record, Qr to de-

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Strother V.LucasJ
cide the cause on points of minor importance only, the Value of the premises would justify future litigation; which no'court of chancery might. think proper to enjoin so long as new and material facts could be develop~d, or.pertinent points of law remained unsettled.
There is another consideration- of imnpeious consequence in relation to the rights of property claimed by virtue of public or private grants,, of, sales by judicial process,. by formal deeds, or informal writings by pai'ol agreements, or by possession alone, for long time, in all parts of the country; especially those new and flourishing, and most emphatically, when the' property was originally held under the laws and usages of a 'oreign government; and above all, in such
a case as this. By the recora evidence before us of judicial sales, wlch, by the
admitted laws of Spain, transfer to ithe vendee both title, and possession in virtue of adjudication, which, after the lapse of fifty-one years after 'one such sale, and thirty-seven .ofthe other, we must, on every principle of law take, as importing absolute verity in all things contained in such record; and not suffer it to be questioned. It appears by a record thereof,, that the right of Chancellier was sold in 1787, for thirty-two dollars and sixty cents; and of St. Cyr, in 1801, for twelve dollars; the aggregate of both sales being only forty-four dollars sixty cents,, a sum not sufficient to pay the printing in this case. What -thevalue of, the premises now is, or may be in future, cannot well be known; but as the law of this case is the law' Of all similar ones now existing, or Which may arise, it is our plain duty to decide it on such principle. That while we do as'the law enjoins, respect ancient titles, possession and appropriation, give due effect to legal presufnptions, lawful acts, and to the general and local laws, usages, and customs of Spain and her colonies; we do not adjudge a title to be in either party,. which rests on. acts incompetent tc vest, transfer, or hold property, in opposition to that party in whom the right exists, by the laws of the land, and established rules and 15rinciples, which vest property and regulate its transmission and enjoy-
ment. The state in which the premises are situated was formerly a part
of the territory, first of France, next of Spain, then of France, who ceded it to the United States by the treaty of 1803, in full propriety, sovereigbty and dominion, as she had acquired and held it; 2 Peters, 301, &c.: 'by which this government put itself. in place of the former sovereigns, and became invested with all their rights, subject to their

SUPREME COURT
[Strother v. Lucas.]
concomitant obligations to the inhabitants. 4 Peters, 512; -9 Peters, 734; 10 Peters, 330, 335, 726, 732,,736. Both were regulated by the law of nations, according to whien the rights of property are protected, even in the case of a conquered country, and held sacred and inviolable when it is ceded ky treaty, with or without any stipulation to such effect; and the laws, whether in writing, or evidenced by the usage and customs of the conquered or ceded country, continue in force till altered by the new sovereign. 8 Wheat. 589; 12 Wheat. 528, 535; 6 Peters, 712;-7 Peters, 86, 87; 8 Peters, 444, 465;' 9 Peters, 133, 734, 747, 748, 749; Cowp. 205, &c.; 2 V~s. jr. 349; 10 Peters, 306, 330,'721, 732, &c. This Court has defined property to be any right, legal or equitable, inceptive, inchoate, or, perfect, which before the treaty with France in 1803, or with Spain. in 1819, had so attached to any piece or tract of land, great or small, as to affect the conscience of the former sovereign, " with a'trust," and make him a trustee for an individual, according to the law of nations, of the sovereign himself, the local usage or custom of the colony or district; according to the principles of justice, and rules of equity. 6 Peters, 709, 714; 8 Peters, 450; 9 Peteis, 133, 144, 1.37; 10 Peters, 105, 324, 331, 35, 36. The same principle has been applied by this Court, to the right ofa Spanish town, as a municipal corporation, 10 Peters, 718 to 736; passim, 144, 734, 736; 10 Peters, 105, 324, 331, 335, 336., Vide also i Ves. seh. 453;' 2 Bligh, P. C. N. S. 50, &6.
This Court has also uniformly held that the term grant, in a treaty, comprehends not only those which are made in form, but also aiy concession, warrant, order or permission to survey, possess or settle, whether evidenced by writing or parol, or presumed from possession; (vide the cases last cited,). 8 Peters, 466-7; 9 Peters, 152, 17.0; 10 Peters,, 331-40; S. P. -10 Peters, 718, &c.; and that in the term laws, is included custom and usage, when, once settled.; ihough it may be "comparatively of recent date, and is not one of those to the contrary of which the memory of man runneth 'not, which contributed' so much to make up the common law code, which is so justly venerated." 9 Wh. 585. Its evidence consists in the sense and :understanding of parties in their contracts, which are made 'with reference to sudh usage or custom: for the custom then, becomes a part of the contradt, 'and may not improperly be considered the law of the contract, and it rests on the same principle 'as the lex loci. "All" contracts are to be governed by the law of the place where they

JANU'ARY TERM, 1838.

437

[Strother v.' Lucas.] are to be performed; and this law may be, and usually is proved as matter of fact." The rule is adopted for the purpose of carrying into effect the intention and understanding, of the parties. 9,Wh. 588; S. P. 12 Wh. 167-8, 601; 5 Wh. 369; 6 Peters, 715, 771; 8 Peters, 372; 9 Peters, 734-5; 10 Peters, 331, 712, 724-9, 730; as universally 'Understood and admitted, 9 Peters, 145, by the people of the
vicinage, 5 Wh. 384; as considered'by the public for years, 10 Peters, 722; 11, Peters, 53; and a right so acquired is as inviolable as if it was founded on a written law. 9 Peters, 145. 'It exists by' a common right, which means a right by common law; which is.called right, and sometimes common right, or the laws and customs of England, the statutes and customs of the realm; and what is properly the common law, is included Within common right, Co. Litt. 142, a. b. It is, so called because-it exists in all the subjects by the common law, an universal custom; and is thus distinguished'from the same right, claimed by 4 local custom in favour of the inhabitants of i particular place, 6 Peters, 715; -and by an exclusive private . ight, in one or more individuals, by a prescription in their own favour. Co. Litt. 1.13, b.; Wood Inst. 4, 0 7 D. C. D. 93; ,1 Bl. Com. 75, 263. The common, right of 'the subject existed before any prescription, Mo. 574-5; 2 Wils..299; it must be set up as such, and not by prescription, Willes, 265- "for a man shall not prescribe in that which the lawof common right gives," Noy. 20: for the common law is the best. and most common birthright that the subject hath, for the safeguard and defence of his rights of person and property,
Co. Litt. 142, a.
Every country has a common law of usage and custom, both local an4 geperal, to which,the people, especially those of a conquered or
ceded one, cling with more tenacity than to their written laws, and all sovereigns respect them. The people of Kent contended with the conqueror of England, till he confirmned their local customs and te~pure, which continue to this day; and history'affords no instance where the people have subnmitted to their abrogation without a struggle; as was ihe case in Louisiana, when they found that the laws of France and the custom of Paris were about to be superseded by those
of Soain; vide 1 'Partid. preface; White, 206.
No principle can be better es'ablished by, the authority of this Court, than "that the 'acts of an officer, to whom a public duty i' assigned by his king, within the sphere of that duty, are prima facia taken to be within his power.", "The principles on which it rests, are

SUPREM&. COURT.
[Strother v. LuCas.]
believed to be too deeply founded in law and reason, ever to be sueeessfully assailed., He who would controvert a grant executed by the lawful authority, with all the solemnities required by law; takes on himself :the burthen of showing, that the officer has transcended the powers conferred upon him, or that the transaction is, tainted with fraud' 8 Peters, 452-3--5, 464; 9 Peters, 134, 734-5; S. P.'6 Peters, 727,&c.; and cases cited: 10 Peters, 331; S.P.I Paine, 469-70.- The same rule applies to the judicial proceedings of local officers, to pass thetitle of land according to the course and practice of the Spanish laW in that province (West Florida), '8 Peters, 310. Where the act done is contrary to 'the written order of the king, produced at the trial, without any explanation, it 'shall be presumed that the power has not been exdeeded; that the act was done on the motives set out therein;. and according to some order known to the king and his officers, though not to his subjects. 7 Peters, 96; 8 Pet. 447,451-4-6; ' and courts ought to require very full pioof, that he had transcended his powers, before they so determine it." 464; '9Peters, 734. Infollowing the course of the law of nations, this Court has declared that even Iin cases of conquest, the conqueror does no more than displace 'the sovereign, and assume dominion over the-country. 7 Peters, 86; (10 Peters, 720, 729-39,:passim). "A cession of territ6ry is never understood to be aicession 'of the property of ihe'hilhabitants. The king cedes only that which belongs to him; lahds he had previously granted, were not his,to cede. Neither party couldso understand the treaty. Neither party could eonsider itself as attempting a vrong to individuals cbndemned by the whole civilized world. ' The cession of.a territory', would necessarily be understood to pass the sovereiguty only, and nf to interfere with private 'property." lb. 87. No construction of! a treaty, which Would- impair that security to private property, which the laws and usages of nations would without express stipulation have conferred, would seem to be admissible further than its positive words require. "Without it, the title of individuals would remain as valid under the new government, as they were under the old; and those titles, at least so far as they were consummate, might be'asserted in the courts of the 'United States, indeperidently of'this article." lb. 88; 6Peters, 741-2; S. P. 9Peters 133.
The"terms of a treaty are to be applied to the state of things then existing in the ceded territory, 8 Peters, 462: in that which had beer held by Spain, thewhole power of granting and confirming titles haa, by the royal order of ,1754, been transferred to officers in,the colo-

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Strother v. Lucas.] hies, the commandants. of posts, and local authorities, who acted in their discretion as the sole judges of the- manner, condition, or consideration, in, on, or for which they conferred the right of property, as officers and competent authorities to exercise the granting power. Such officers were in all the colonies; they made grants of all grades of title, as well in rewards for services as favours, or for the benefit of the. country, as they pleased; being.persons autlorized by the king -to grit lands, "he was not willing to expose the acts of his public and confidential officers, and'the title of his subjects acquired under those acts,to that strict and jealous scrutiny, whit a foreign government, ititerested against their validity, would apply to them, if his private instructions or particular authority were to be required in every case; and that he might therefore stipulate for that full (eviden'ce) to the instrument itself, which is usually allowed to instruments issued by the proper officer." 8 Peters, 449-50, to 458, 475, 488-9;'7 Peters, 96; 9 Peters, 134, 169, 734; 10 Peters, 331; S.P. 6 Peters,727, &c.; White'sComp. Sp. Laws, 218,249. Such a grant under a general power, would be considered as valid, even if the power to diSavoW"it existed until actually disavowed. 8 Peters, 451. No such disavowal has 'ever been known to the Court, in 'any of the numerous cases which'have been before us, arising under the treties of 1903 and 1819; and the assiduous researches of Mr. White have brought'none to his knowledge. 8 Peters, 458; 10 Peters, 332; White's Comp. 9; from which it may be reasonably presumed that none exist.
Treaties are the law of the land, and a rule of decision in all courts. 2 Peters, 314; 9 Peters, 133. Their stipulations are binding on the United States; in that of 1819, there is a present confirmation of all grants made before January, 1818, with the exception of only three, which had been previously made, and were expressly omitted, on Which this Court make these remarks. "While Florida remained a province of Spain, the right of his catholic majesty, acting in person or by his officers, to distribute lands ?.cording to his pleasure was unquestioned. That he was in the constant exercise of this right, was well known. If the United States were not content to receive the territory, charged with titles thus created, they ought to have made, and they would have made such exceptions as they deemed necessary. They have made these exceptiins. They have stipulated that all grants made since the 24th of January, 1818, shall be null and void. The American government was content with the

SUPREME our ,
[Strother v. Lucas.] security which tfiis stipulation afforded, and cannot how demand farther and additional grounds. All other concessions made by his catholic majesty, or his lawful authorities, in the cedqd territories, are as valid as if the cession had not been made!' 8 Peters, 463, 464; S. P.) 9 Pdters, 734; 6 Peters, 741-2; 7 Peters, 88. By the treaty of 1803,. there was a stipulation inter alia, that the inhabitants of'the ceded territory shall be maintained and protected in the free enjoyment of their liberty, property, and the religion they profess; as to which, this is the language of this Codrt.
"That the perfect inviolability and security of property is among these rights, all will assert and maintain." 9 Peters, 133; S. P., 10 Peters, 718, 722, 736. What was to be considered "as property, under this stipulation, was, as held in the United States v. Smith, to depend on this question, " whether,,in the given case, a court of equity could, according to its rules, and the laws of Spain, consider the conscience of the king to be so affected by his own, or-the acts of t e lawful authorities of the province, that he had become a trustee for the ilaimnt, and held the land7 claimed by an equity upon-it, amounting to a severance'of so much from his'domain, before the loth 'of March, 18Q4, in Missouri, and the 24th of January, 1818,in Fldrida; the periods fixed by the law (of congress) in one case, and the treaty in the other." -10 Peters, 330, 331, 722, 36, S.P.
It is next in order to consider, what were the laws of Spain as to the disposition :of the royal domain, in Louisiana, while she held it. By the royal ordinance of 1754, it is ordained,, for 'he reasons set forth in the preamble; 1. That from the date thereof, the power of appolnting sub-delegates for selling lands, and the uncultivated parts in the king's dominions, shall belorg 'exclubively to the local authorities, being, his officers in the colonies. 8 Peters, 451. 2. The officers to whom' jurisdiction for the sale of lands shall be sub-delegated, shall proceed with mildness, gentleness, and moderation, with verbal, and not judicial proceeding, in the case of lands possessed by the Indians, or which' they may require Xor labour, tillage, &c. 3. In regard to the lands of communities, and those granted to the towns for pasturage' and common, no change 'shall be made; 'the towns shall be maintained in.possession of them; 'those seized, shall be-resto,.ed, and their extent enlarged accdrding to the wants of the population; nor shall severe strictness be used, towards those persons who are in possessiori according to the requirements of the laws. 4. Those who have bien in possession of lands, by acts not ibn-

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Strother v. Lucas.] firmed before 1700, may retain free possession thereof without molestation. If persons have not warrants, their proof of long possession shall be held as a title by prescription. If they have not cultivated the lands, three months shall be given, or whatever tinge may be thought sufficient; and notice shall be given, that if they fail to cultivate the lands, they shall be given to those who shall lodge information thereof, under the same condition of cultivating theip. White's Comp. 50, 51.
Towns may be founded on prescribed conditions, for which definite rewards are given. White's Conp. 34, 59, The founder shall contract to grant to each person who joins the settlement, building lots and pastures, and lands for cultivation, proportionate to what he will agree to improve. White, No: 62. A town containing ten married men, with an extent of territory proportioned to what is stipulated, may elect from among themselves, ordinary alcaldes, and officers of the council. White, No. 63. The territory granted to the founder of a settlement, shall be thus distributed. They shall lay out for the site of the town, whatever may be necessary sufficient exidor, and abundant pasture for the cattle of the inhabitants) and as much besides for that which shall belong to the town proprias. 'Of the balance of the tract, the founder to have one-fourth, and three-fourths to be equally divided among the settlers. White, No. 66. 'The lots to be distributed by lot amongthe settlers, beginning with those adjoining the main square, the remainder to be reserved to the king, to give as rewards to new settlers or otherwise, at his will, and a plot of the settlement to be made out. White, No. 67. Commons shall be reserved, and the remainder laid out for cultivation, in tracts equal in number to the town lots, to be drawn by lot. White, No. 70. If accident should prevent the completion of the settlement in the term prescribed, the settlers shall incur no forfeiture or penalty,, and the governor of the district may extend the term according to the circumstances of the case. White, No. 73. There shall be distributed among the settlers of the villages, I0ts and la.ids, varying in size and extent, according to their rank and merit, and after living and labouring therein four years, they may sell them as their own property. White, No. 74. No persons shall have lands in ope settlement, if they possess lands in another, unless they have left their fcrmer, and removed 'to their new residence, or resided in the first for the four years necessary to entitle them to the fee simple right, or have relinquished it for not having fulfilled their obligations. White, No. 75.
VOL. XII.-3 K

SUPREME COURT.
[Strother v.:Lucas.]
The lots shall be built upon, the houses occupied, the arable lands divided, cleared, worked 'nd planted, and those destined for pasture, sockedwithin' a limited time, or the grants shall be forfeited, with a penalty. White, No. 76. The distribution: shall be made by the governors, under the'advice of the council of the villages. White, No. 78, (Vide Document of 1772.) All to whom lands shall be distributed, shall, within three months, take possession, &c., under penalty of forfeiting the land, that it may be vacated and forfeited to some other settler; so as to the settlements and improvements they may hold within the villages. White, No.'81; (Vide also, 1 Partidas,423;
2 Partidas, 338, 339, 373, 440.)*
Definition of regimiento, regidor,alcaldes, &c. in the laws ofthe Spanish empire of the Indies.
In the administration of the laws, in civil and criminal matters, and the regulation of the police, the settled territories of the Spanish empire of the Indies were divided into a number of sections, differing in extent; over each of which was placed a royal officer, appointed for a limited period by the supreme council of the Indies. The larger sections were termed provinces, or more dproperly gobernaciones or overnments, and were superintended by governors, who were also in many parts commandants and captains general, that is to 'gay, exercisifg military and political sway. The sections of lesser extent, but often of great iniportance, from comprising some capital or other large city, were termed corregimientos,and their, chiefs were called corregidors. The smallest or least important of these separate jurisdictions were placed under the direction of an alcalde mayor. In places in which resided an audiencia,or high court of justice, the president 6ras sometimes the administrator in chief of the law and police.
The .seats of administration, or capitals of these divisions, were generally the lal test towns in them, from which the section in almost every instance took its name. Inevery capital of a jurisdiction, was a council called the ayuntamiento or eabildo;'theayuntainiento is, strictly speaking, the council, and thfe cabildo, the place of its meeting; the two words are, however, indifferently used to convey both significations. This municipal council was composed, in the first place, of anuinber of regidores, never exceeding twelve, who composed the regimiento; the office of regidor was held for life; that is to say, during the pleasure of the supreme authority; in most places it was purchased; in some cities, however, the regidores were chosen by persons of-the district, who were .allowed to vote, and were styled capitulares. In places in which no governor resided, the regidores -chose for two years, one or two persons who were not in the employ of the government, as alcaldes ordinariOs,or magistrates who held their courts and administered justice in all the cases in which a governor could decide; tfiey had seats -nd votes in the ayuntamiento, except when a governor or corregidor happened to be present. The chief of the district had a seat, but no voice in the ayuntamiento; the standard bearer, or alfarez,had of right a pre-eminent place and a vote.
Thus the ayuntamiento or cabildo consisted 6f the governor, corregidor or alcalde mayor of the place, the alfarez, the alcaldes ordinarios, and the regimiento, or body of regidores.
The word syndick does not appear in the recapilacion or official compilation of the

JANUARY TERM, 1538.
[Strother v. Lucas.]
For the purpose of ascertaining what lands belonged to the king, it was ordered that the owners of,, land should exhibit to the officers,
laws of the Indies. The Spanish dictionary of'the academy, and the French authors on jurisprudence, agree in defining it to mean the person: charged with the care, defence, and advancement of the interests of a community. In France, at present, the trustee who holds the property of a bankrupt, is styled lesyndic.
With ,regard to the words propios or proprios, exidos or egidos and depesas. When a town was founded in Spanish America, certain portions of ground formed propios, were laid off and reserved as the unaienable propprty of the town, for the' purpose of erecting public buildings, marketsi &c , or to be used in afty other way, rnder the direction of the municipality for the advancement of the' revenues or the prosperity of the place. There werr.also reserved in the vicinity, certain spaces of ground for commons or public pasturage, which were called depesas: and vacant spaces for exorcise, and for thrashing corn or other general uses, called oxidos. The difference between the protios on the one hand, and the depesas and exidos on the other, was that the latter were intendqd for specific purposes, and coutld not be appropriated to any others; while the municipality might convert the propios to the uses which it should judge most convenient, With respect to the measures of ground called fanegas and huebras. The dictionary of the Spanish academy, the highest authority on the mere signifi. cation of words in thatlanguage, defines a fanega to mean as much ground as a fanega (a measure equivalent to a little more than a bushel and a half) of wheat will serve to sow; adding that it is generally considered equal to four hundred estadales (or spaces of eleven Spanish feet) square. Kelly, in his Cambist, makes a fanega or fanegada equal to fiye thousand five hundred square yards, or about an acre and a third. The huebra is designated by the same dictionary as being as much ground as two oxen can plough up in a day. On the subject of caballerias and. peonias, I can only give my translation of the law defining them.
Translation of Law 1st, itle 12th, Book 4th, of the Recapilacion de Leyes de Indias.
Madrid;1781.
That lands and lots are to be given to new settlers 'and Indians to be assigned to them; and what are meant by peoia and caballeria; D. Fernando V. in Valladolid, June 18, and August 9th, 1513, Chap. I. The emperor, D. Carlos, on the 28th of June, 1523, and in Toledo on the 19th of May, 1525. D. Philip the Second, in his chapter of Instructions at Toledo, May 25th, 1596.
In order to encourage our vassals in the discovery and settlement of the Indies, and that they may live with that comfort and convenience which we desire [for them]: It is our. will, that houses, building-lots, lands, caballerias and peonias may be and shall be assigned to all who may go as settlers of new lands in the villages and towns to which they may be directed by the governor ofthe new settlement, making a distinction between gentlemen of family, and labourers, and those of lesser degree and worth; and that these [houses, &c.] may be increased in extent and in quality, according to the services of such settlers, in order that they may attend to the cultivation of the soil, and to raising of cattle; and after they shall have dwelt and laboured on these [houses, &c.] and resided in the said settlements four years, we grant them -power, thenceforward, to sell and otherwise use them, agreeably to their own will as their

SUPREME COURT.
[Strother v. Lucas.]
appointed, for thb purpose their titles to lands, estates, huts, and cabellerias; who, after confirming the possession of such as hold the same by virtue of good and legal titles, or by a just prescription, shall restore the remainder. No'. 84. Officers were ordered noi to alter the acts of their predecessors with -regard to lands admitted to composition, and to leave the holders thereof in quiet possession; and those who have encroached, and held more than they are entitled to, shall be allowed to pay a moderate composition, and new titles shall be issued to them. Where titles to land have been issued by- officers who were not authorized, and have been confirmed in council, the holders of letters of confirmation are ordered to retain them, that they may be confirmed in their possession within the limits prescribed; and, as regards their encroachments beyond the limits, they are entitled to the benefits of this law. No. 85.
Those things which the king gives to any one, cannot be taken from him by the king, or any one else, without some fault of his; he shall dispose of them at his will, ag of any other things belonging to, him. White, 82, No. 11. When the justices and regidores of a
bwn property; and likewise agreeably to their quality, the governor or whoever may hold our faculty, mdy [or shall] assign Inians to them, in the distribution which he may make, in order that they may avail themselves of the term of service, and- the proficiencies of such Indians, according to the rates and rules established.
The same Ordinance 104, 105 and 106, on the subject of Settlements. And as it may possibly happen that in the assignment of the lands there may be doubts with regard to measures: We declare that a peonia comprises a lot fifty feet wide, and . hundred long; a hundred fanegas of land for cultivation of wheat or barley; ten of Indian com; two huebras of land for a garden, and eight for planting other trees growing in drier lanC. pasture ground for ten breeding sows, twenty cows, five horses, a hundred sheep, and twenty goats. A caballeria is to consist of a lot one hundred feet wide by two hundred long, and in all other respects equal to five peonias; that is to say, five hundred fanegas of ground for cultivation of wheat or barley, fifty of Indian corn; ten huebras of land for garden; forty for other trees growing in more barrep land; pasture ground for fifty breeding sows, a hundred cows, toenty horses, five hundred sheep, and a hundred goats. And we order that the assignment be made in fprm, so that all may participate in the gpod, and the middling, and in that which is neither, as regards the portion t6 be allotted to each. According to the dictionary of the Spanish academy, a peonia means the portion granted to'a foot-soldier of spoils taken, or lands conquered in a war; and a caballeria is a portion granted on such occasions to a horse soldier. By the above law it would seem, that gentlemen or perrqns entitled to bear arms. (escuderos) were to be'allowed the share of a horseman, and persons of lower degree were to share as foot soldiers. The fanega appears to be strictly a measure, withoutany reference to the quantity of seed to be sown on the ground; and so does huebra.

'JANUARY TERM, 1838.

445

[Strother v. Lucas.] city, town, or village, have made, and continue to make ordinances for their officers and 'functionaries, and superintendents of the limits and commons in the country, as for other matters which are of the resort of the judiciary and regidores, (or capitulores,) the auditors and alcaldes are not to interfere therein, except by appeal, and in case of damages. White, 83. No grants 'shall be made of tHe~rights, revenues, or municipal domains of villages; and all grants thereof made by the king, shall be void. Ib. Vide, 10 Peters, 720, 24, &c. There shall be commissioners in each village, to superintend the affairs thereof connected with the municipal taxes and domains, and the management thereof, to be composed of alcaldes and regidores; and, if thoughi proper, of the general attorney and recorder, (Procurado Sindico General.) Where there are no municipal taxes, these commissioners shall attend to the best management of the municipal domains; and where there are such taxes, of both. White, 88. The superintendent of the settlement shall select the tracts, and locate the houses of the settler; if any part of the tract belonging to the settlement is proper for irrigation, it shall be proportionably distributed; each settler shall open the channels- for irrigation, and contribute equally to their.repairs. White, 105. Landmarks shall be erected between each lot, trees planted along the dividing line, a record of distribution among the settlers shall be made, containing the number of tracts, the names of the settlers to whom allotted, giving each a sheet or plot of his tract, which shall be his title in future, to remain in his possession, to be consulted without the necessity of resorting to the record itself. White, 106, pp. 40. No. 81.
These are some of the many royal orders which relate to the general domain of the king, and to settletnents or villages, in each of which there were municipal councils and officers, who made and executed their regulations of police. 10 Peters, 723, 4. One branch of which was confided to a syndic regidore, or other supervising officer, to enforce the village ordinances. White, 108, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 15, 16. These, with the regulations of the local officers of the king, composed the written law of the colony or village, accordingly as the subject matter thereof was general or local; besides which, ,theare was an .unwritten law of three kinds. "Use, custom, and the common law." Use is defined to be "that which has arisen from those things which a man says and does, and is of long continuance, and without interruption;" the requisites to the validity of which are prescribed. "Custom is the law or rule which is not written,

SUPREME COURT.
[Strother v. Mcas.]
and which men have used for a long time, supporting themselves by it in the things and reasons with respect to which they have exercised it; on which definition are founded three axioms."
1. "That custom is intr6duced by the people, under which name we understand the union or assemblage of persois of all description, of that cquntry where they are collected. 2. That it derives its authority from the express or tacit consent of the king. 3. That once introduced, it has the force of law. To establish a custom, the whole, or greater part of the people ought to concur in it. Ten years must have. elapsed among-persons present, and twenty at least among persons absent In default of this. continuance, it shall be proved by two sentences of judges, or judgments given upon or according to it; one sentence suffices, when given on a question whether that custom exists, and the judge determined that it did.' Customs are general, or particular; the latter respects a specific thing, a particular person, or place; or with respect to the whole, of certain persons or places; general, with respect to specific acts of all the inhabitants 'of the kingdom, and may destroy. the law; but a particular custom in any province or seignory, has only this effect in that di8trict or part where it hath been exercised. "A fuero (forum,) is an use and custom combined, and has the force of law." White, 60, 1.
Such are the laws, usages, and customs of Spain, by which to ascertain what was property in the ceded territory, when it came into the hands of the United States, charged with titles originating thereby; creating rights of property of all grades and description. In the treaty of cession, no exceptions were made, and this Court has declared that none can thereafter be made. 8 Peters, 463. 'The United States must remain content with that which contented them at the transfer, when they assumed the precise position of the king of Spain. The United States have so remained, as appears by their. laws. By the. acts of 1804, 2 Story, 939; of 1805-; lb. 966, of 1807; Ib. 1060, 62, of 1816; 1b. 1604; they recognised the laws, usages, and customs of Spain? to be legitimate sources of titles; and, by the act of 1812, 2 Story, 1257, confirmed to the inhabitants of St. Louis, and other villages, according to their several right or rights of com-
mon thereto, the rights, titles, and claims to town or village lots, out
lots, common field lots, and commons, in belonging or. adjoining to
the same, which titles depended on parol grants and local customs. The same recognition extended to grants to actual settlers, pur-
suant to such laws, usages and customs; to acts done by such settlers

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Strother v. Lucas.]
to .obain a grant of lands actually settled, or persons claiming title thereto, if the settlement was made before the 20th December, 1803. Such claims when made in virtue of a warrant or order of survey, or permission of the proper Spanish officer, were confirmed,-if actually inhabited and cultivated on-that day, 2 Story, 966; and the permission shall be presumed, on proof of a continued habitation and cultivation for three years prior to the 1st October,'1800, though the party may not have it in his power to produce sufficient evidence of such permission. lb. 1018. Thus connecting the law of nations, the stipulations of the treaty, the laws, usages and customs of Spain, the acts of congress, with 'the decisions of this Court; we arc furnished with sure rules of law, to guide us through this and all kindred cases, in ascertaining what was property in the inhabitants of the territory, when it was ceded. As all the supreme laws of the land, the constitution, laws and treaties, forbid the United States to violate rights of property thus acquired, so they have never attempted it; -but the state of the province required that sdme appropriate laws should be passed, in order to ascertain what was private, and what public property,
to give repose to possession, security to titles depending on the evidence of facts remote in time, difficult of proof, and in the absence of records or other writings. These facts, too, on which the law of usage and custom, the transmission of property by parol, the performance of acts in pais, on which the right depended, were to be developed from the few survivors of the settlers of an ancient village, of whom, as appears from the record, but few could read or write: whose occupations were in the trade with Orleans; Machinad,.and
the Indian tribes, who attended little to village concerns, and still less to village property, when, on a public sale, its price was eight cnts an arpent; and what would now be a splendid fortune, would not, fifty years ago, be worth the clerk's fee for writing the deed which conveyed it, and was therefore passed from hand to hand by parpl, with less formality than the sale of a beaver skin, which a bunch of wampum would buy. The simple settlers of St. Louis then little thought that the time would ever'come, when under a stranger government, the sales of their poor possessions, made in the hall of the government, at the church door after high mass, entered on the public, archives, as enduring records, of their most solemn transactions, would ever be questioned by strict rules of law or evidence. Still less did such a race of men, as the boatmen and hunters of the west, who by mutual agreement gave one thing, and took another, whether'

SUPREME COURT.
. [Strother v. Lucas.]
land or peltry, on a fair exchange by a, shake of the hand, ever imagine that a common field lot would ever be worth, when lying waste, a pack of furs, or that no evidence of its sale would be admissible, on a question of whose it was, unless by deed. When there was but one Kiersereau and one Gpmache in the village, if was little dreamed of that a principality in value, would depend for its ownership on the question, whether the one wrote his name Kirceraux or Kirgeaux, or to the mark of the other was affixed the name Joseph. Batis, or J. B. Gamache. Well was it said by one of the witnesses at the trial," there were few people; it was'not as it is now." Record, page 88.
Congress, well -aware of the state of the country and villages, wisely and justly went to the extent, perhaps, of their poWers, in providing for the security of private rights, by directing all claimants to file their claims before a board, specially appointed to adjust and settle all conflicting claims to lands. They had in view another important object; to ascertain what belonged to the United States, so that sales could be safely made; the country settled in peacE, and dormant titles not be permitted either to disturb ancient pos.ession; to give to their holders.the valuable improvements made by purchasers, or the sites of cities, which had been built up,by their enterprise; vide 10 Peters, 473. Accordingly we find, that by various acts, the time of filing such claim is limited; after which they are declared void, so far as they depend on any act of congress; and shall not be received in evidence in any court, against any person claiming by a grant from the United States.* 2 Story, 968,1061, 1216, 1260, 1301.
These are laws analogous to acts of limitations, for recording deeds, or, giving effect to the awards of commissioners for settling claims to land under the laws of the states; the time and manner of their operation, and the exceptions to them, depend on the sound discretion of the legislature, according to the nature of the titles, the situation of the country, and the emergency which calls for their enactment" Reasons of sound policy have led to the general adoption of laws of both descriptions, and their validity cannot be questioned. Cases may occur, where the provisions of a law may be such as to call for the interposition of the courts; but these under consideration do not. Vide 3 Peters, 289-90. They have been uniformly approved by this Court, in 12 Wh. 528-29, 537-39-43, 6012; 6 Peters, 771-72; 7 Peters, 90 to 93, passim; and ought to be

JANUARY TERM; 1838.
[Strother v. Lucas.]
considered as settled rule of decision in all cases to which they
apply. Having reviewed the, written law of the case, we must next
examine what was the unwritten law of the place, which can appear only from the evidence in the record, as to the usage, custom or fuero, and is most manifest. 1. In the most solemn act of 1772, by the two governors, in the presence of all the officers of government, the people of the villige, and recorded together with all proceedings under it at large, in the land book of the district, with the surveys
entered on sixty-eight pages. What those proceedings were, will appear in the document before referred to in.'general, and the copies from the entries in the land book, in relation to each lot, contained in the record. 2. In the deeds executed in the presence of the governor, and witnesses of assistance specially selected to attest the sale; as by the common law they were called to attest the livery of seisin on a feoffment, 8 Cr. 244, &c.; and the entries of the names of the purchasers in the margin of the survey of the property sold, recorded in the land book of the village.
3. In the adjudications made by the governor in a judicial capacity, making a sale of the property of Chancellier and St. Cyr, by judicial process, set out at length in the record, and most solemnly attested.
4. By the evidence in the record, showing beyond doubt, that there has been an universal acquiescence .bythe political authorities of the district; the municipal council and officers of the village, as well as the inhabitants, in all these acts, testified by the q'uiet possession' held under them from 1772. The document of that year is not only to be considered as the ancient muniment of the titles of the villagers, but as an authentic and conclusive recogntion of the local custom, in relation to some important facts, illustrating the local law of the place, when taken in connection with the testimony
of the witnesses I6 that solemn act there is this clause, "to serve to designate the
various tracts of land, granted in the name of the king (of Spain) to the inhabitants of this post of St. Louis, as well by title (deed) as by verbal. consent, by the chiefs who have governed them from the foundation (of the government) to this moment." In alluding to acts done under the governor of the territory under France, is this clause; "the latter to certify by his signature, in his said quality, and in virtue of the power confided to him, that he had granted, eithei by title,
VoL. XII.-3 L

SUPREME 'COURT.
·[Strother v. Lucas.]
(deed) or verbally, the abovementioried lands in the name of his majesty" (the king of France).
This attests the meaning of the word grant,under both governments, to be inclusive of verbal ones, which were equally valid as those by deed; and as the title passed from the king to the people in this way, so we find by the uncontradicted te.stimony of several witnesses, that it passed from one to another in the same way, without writing, when the land Was of small value. It appears, also, from the evidence, that there was an officer in the village, called by the inhabitants a %yndick,and in the Spanish laws a regidore; whose duty and authority were, to see that the common fences of the forty arpent lots were kept in repair. He would direct them to be inspected; and if they were fonnd out of repair, Would direct the owner of the lot, in front of which it was defective, to make the, repairs: if theownor was on a journey the syndick would have the repairs made, and make the owner pay his share on his return; otherwise he would give, the land to another person, who. would make the share of the fence.
This was a regulation in villages, by the authority of the commandant and municipal authorities, in conformity with the laws of Spain; vide 10 Peters, 725, 31; it applied as well 'to village property as to the large grants of the royal domain; and itappears by the regulations of O'Reilley, Gayoso, and Morales, that from 1770 till the cession in 1803, it was of universal application throughout Louisiana. White, 205, to 216, passim.
Such were the laws, usages and customs of Spain, in relation to the grants, transfers and tenure of village property. There remains one other rule which must be applied to this case, unless the evidence in the present record, which was not in the former, may lead to a different result; we mean the opinion of this Court, in the case between the same parties, claiming the same property. Vide' 6 Peters, 763, 7.
Before We consider the instructions on which the plaintiff has assigned his errors, the points decided in that case will be taken in the order of the learned judge, who delivered the opinion of the Court.
1. On the handwriting and identity of Rene Kiersereau, who, as alleged, was one of the witnesses of-assistance to the 'deed of 1781, from M. M. Robillar, his wife, to Louis Chancellier, as to which the court below had rejected certain depositions, which was assigned for error;' and the objection overruled, for this reason: "The record

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
,[Strother v. Lucas.] does not show that the judge was called upon'to dxpress any opinion; with respect to the legal effect anl operatiofi of thedeed; or that the plaintiff had not the full benefit of its being his (Kiersereau's) deed. And, indeed, it would seem from the course of the trial, that it was so considered; or, at all events, the cQntrary does not appear from any question presented to the Court on the subject,." 6 Peters, 768. Had the same question been presented now, as it was then, we should not have hesitated.to have expressed an entire concurrence with that view; but as it now comes up on a new state of facts, it deserves further consideration; especially as a, similar question occurs as to the identity of Gamache, who conveyed to St. Cyr in 1793. Both quesfibns are so similar, that they may be taken together in two aspects. 1. As questions of fact. 2. Of law.
1. It is admitted that Rene Kiersereau was the owner of one of the lots in controversy as is apparent on the document of 1772, to
which-his name is affixed as one of eleven inhabitantsi. including 'the
Fovernor, tfie political and municipal officers of the village, who could write their names, which, according to evidence, contained two hundred'and fifty. persons. Whetheri he *as the same person who was the witness to the deed from his wife, and (as we'shall assume,) the grantor of'the lot, was a pure question of fact for the jury, on the whole evidence on that subject; so it was as to the identity, of Gamache, as to whom there is the following admission on the record. " It was also admitted, that Joseph Gamache, for whom the survey of one of the tracts of land, of one by forty arpents, was made, was known as well by the name 6f Jean Baptiste Gamache, and of Baptiste' Gamache; as Joseph Gamache;" which also appears by his deed to Ch'aneellier. Mark of John Baptiste Gamache, Joseph Gamache, in the survey in the land book. Batis Gamache in his deed to St.'Cyr', ar.d Baptiste Gamache, in the margin of the survey.
Before'the court could give any instruction to the jury, as to the
,identity of either Kiersereau, or Gamache, "they must have been satisfied, on that subject, that there was, nothing in (the parol) evidence, or any fact which the jury could lawfully infer therefrom," that they were or were not the owners of the resplctive lots. If there was any exidence which conduced to prove the fact, "the Court must assume it to have been proved; for it is'the exclusive province. of the jury to decide what facts are proved by competent evidence," to judge of the credibility of the witnesses, ai)d the weight of their testimony, as tending more or less to prove the fact relied on. "As

SUPREME COURT.
[trother v. Lucas.]
these were matters with which the court could not interfere, the right to the instruction asked, must depend on the opinion of the court, on a finding by the jury in favour of the defendant, on any matter which the evidence conduced to prove, giving full, credence to the witnesses produced by him, 'and discrediting those' of the plaintiff. Ewing v.- Burnett, 11 Peters, 50, :51, 52; S. P. U. S. v. Laub, 1838, 12 Peters.
2. In this case,'we think that neither question was one of fact entirely; the manner in which the deeds.were executed, the possession taken and held under-them by Chancellier, of one; and' St. Cyr, ofthe other; its notoriety to the authorities, and the people of the village, with the natur'e of the possession, the.situatioh and state of the common field lots, and their cultivation within one common enclosure, regulated by a special police, with the other circumstances of the' case; Vide 11 Peters; 523; incline us -strongly to this conclusion. That 'after .this lapse of time, the legal presumption of the: validity Of both deeds, would. attach .by the maxim, that i'n fayour of long-pos-, session and ancient appropriation, every thing which was done shall be presumed to have been rightfully d6ne; and 'though it does not appear to have been done, the law will presume that whatever was necessary, hasJ been done. 2 Peters, 760 and-cases cited.:
The next-point decided in the former case,.was on an objection made by the defendant's counsel, that the plaintiff had not such a legal title as to sustain an ejectment; which.was overruleds 6 Peters, 768; 69. And we think very properly, in. accordance with the leading case of Simmes' Lessee v. Irvine, 3 Dall. 425, 54; thd .authority of.which remains unquestioned. -ItWas objected that the confirmation
by the board of commissioners to Choteau, was'void, because the defendant was at the time one of the board, and claimed the property by a deed from Cho.teau, before the confirmation; it was overruled, because it did not appear that he sat at the, board at the time: Ib. 768. The same objection has been much pressed now; with the additional reason, that the defendant was also a: judge of the superior court of the territory; but as the confirmations in the record show that he was not present, and we think the ojectionnot good in law, we fully concur with the. ddcision of this point in the former, case.
After recapitulating the evidence as it appeared in the then record, the court, observed: "From this statement of the case, according to the plaintiff's own showing, there is a-regular deduction 'of title or claim from the persons for whom the lots 'wre surveyed to'the de-,

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Strother v. Lucas.]
fendant. But it appears that these persons, Kidrsereau and Gamache, sold their claim', twice; (Gamache one-half) in the first place, to Louis Chancellier, under whom the plaintiff claims; and in the second place to St. Cyr, under whom the defendant claims. If these title papers were to be considered, independent of the acts of cobgress, and the proceedings of the commissioners, the plaintiff being prior in point of time, would prevail so far as depended upon the deduction of a paper title, and independent of the question of possession.
"It becomes necessary, therefore, to inquire how far the acts of congress apply to, and affect any part of these title papers." The Court then, referring to the acts of 1805 and 1807, and to the evidence, held, that as there was no evidence that.Madame Chancellier had eve4 filed her claim, or the evidence thereof, pursuant to the law, and the instruction of the court complained of, was on the effect of the confirmation under the law; the plaintiff could derive no benefift from it; 6 Peters, 772; which we think was the correct result of the then case. A different case is now presented on this subject
The plaintiff gave in evidence two opinions of the recorder of land'titles of St. Louis county, confirming to the representatives of Gamache and Kiersereau fhe forty. arpent lot of each, aid directed each to be surveyed; but did not 0flbr the confirmations to'Chioteau by the hoard of commissiotiers, which were given in evidence by the defendant. The plaintiff claimed under the former, the defendant under the latter; that-of the plaintiff 'Will be first considered.
By the 8th sec...of the act of 1812, 2 Story, 1260, the recorde" of land, titles was invested with the same powers, and enjoined, to perform the same duties, as the board of commissioners, (which wa, then dissolved,) in relation to claims which might heffiled before th( 1st December, 1812; and the claims which have been heretoforc filed, but not acted on by the commissioners; except that all his decisions shall be subject to the revision of congress. He was directed to report to the commissioner of the land office, 'a list of all such claims, with the, substance of the evidence in support thereof, his opinion, and such remarks aS he may, think proper, to be laid before
congress at their next session. By the act of 1813, the time for 4ling claims was extended to 1st January, 1814. '2 Story, 1306, 1384-5, under which acts the recorder made the confirmations relied on by the plaintiff on the 1st November, 1815, which vkas confirmed by the 2d sec. of the act of 1816. 3 Story, 1604. But these confirmations cannot avail the plaintiff as a claimant tuader ihese or any 6ther acts

SUPREME COURT.
[3trother v. Lucas.]
of'congess, for the following reasons: 1. That the authority of the recorder of lard titles was, by the expressoterms of the acts of 1812 and '13, confined' to ,those claims on-which the board'of commissioners had not previously ated; from which it follows, that after the coInmissiopers have'made a confirmation of a specific claim, the ac-
tion of the recorder is either merely cumulative, and so inoperative; or'if adverse, merely Void, as an assumption and usurpation of power in a case 'on which he bad not jurisdiction, nd his action must be.a mere iullity. Here the commissioners .had decided on the idontical claim in 1809-10; congress'had made'a general confirmation of all the claims of the then inhabitants of St. Louis, of their title to the cornmtion field lots in 1812, When the defendant was an inhabitant there.of, and in actual possession of those in'controversy; and by the act it was ponided, that it should not affect any confirmed- claim's to, the saine lands. Surveys were directed to be made, plots thereof made out, and transmitted to the general land office and recorder of .landtitles. 2 Story, 1257-8. As the act directed no further steps to be taken, the title became complete, and the recorder thenceforth ceased to have any power over' the confirmed lots, save to perform the ministerial acts directed by law, as the ordinary duties of his office. If congress 'could, it never did give him any authority to supervise either the acts of 'the commissioners, or the confirmations of the law.
2. We(must, then,thke the defendart, as one holding the premises in 'contrqversy, by a grant from'the United States, and as their grantee, entitled to all the protection of the laws appropriate to the case. The unanswerable reasoning of this Courf, in Green v. Liter, 'the principles of law on which it is founded, with the admitted authority with which it has been received, save'the necessity of any reference to any other source f6r i'ts support. 8 Cr. 244-49. That a grant may be made by a law, as well as a patent pursuant to a law, is undoubted, 6 Cr. 128; and a confirmation by a law, i's as fully to all intents and purposes a grant, as if it contained in terms a grant de. novo. The plaintiff, therefore, is-brought within the two provisions of the laws;, that by Madame Chancellier not having filed her claim within the time limited by law,'she could 'not set up any claim under any-act of congress, or be permitted to give any evidence thereof in any court, against a person having a grant from the United States, under the confirmation of the commnissioners, and the act of 1812. The plaintiff has contended, that the act of 18311 has released him

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Strother v. Lucas].
from th(,.e provisions, and all jenalties imposed by any act of congress. This act was a .supplement.to the act of confirmation of June, '1812; 2 Stqry, 12'57-8; by the first section of which the titles of the inhabitants were confirmed according to their private right or rights, in common thereto, as has been Atated before. By the 2d section, all town, outI, and common field lots, included in the surveys, therein directed, not rightfully owned or. claimed by any individual, or held in common, belonging to the towns or villages, or reserved by the president for military purposes, werexieserved to the towns:and villages for the support of schools. In order to ascertain what lots were owned or claimed by individu .ls, the recorder was by the 8th section empowered to act on claims filed before 1st December,'1813, ashas been seen,,and those before filed and undecided. The time for presenting such claims was further enlarged by the acs of April 1, 1814; 2 Story, 1410, 1429-30; and certain confirmations were made by congress in those act's.. Under this authority the recorder, made his report, which appears in the 3d vol. State Papers-Public LTnds, p,314. His proceedings were confirmed by the 2d section of the act of April, f816; 6iStory, 1604-5. Then comes the act of 1831, the first section of which enacted, I-That the United States do'relinquish 'to the inhabitants of St. Louis, &c., all their right, title and inierest, to the town Pr village lots, out lbts, common field lots, and commons in, adjoining, or belonging to the towns and villages, confirmed to them, respectively, by the act of 18 "2; to be'held by the inhabitants in full property,'according to their several tights therein, to, be regulat6d or disposed of for the use of the inhabitants, according to the laws of Missouri." By the second section, the United States relinquished their right, title, and interest,, in and to the town, out, and common field lots, in the state of Missouri, reserved for schools by the act of 1812; and provided that the same shall be sold or disposed of, or regulated for the same purposes, in such manner, as may be directedby the legislature of the state. 4 Story, 2220. It is most obVious that this act, so far from 6pening the confirmation of the commissioners, in 1809-10, and of the act of 1812, or relieving the plaintiffs from- the: effct thereof, is a new confirmation of the private and common rights of the inhabitants, and cannot aid the plaintiff; the purposes 6f this case do not require, us to give it anyfurther conside.ration. For, these eeasons, we feel constrained to cbme to the same conclusion on this record, which the Court did on the former; the plaintiff can' neither have any benefit from any act of congress, or

SUPREME COURT.
[Strother v. Lucas.] give evidence oi his claim, against the defendant, claiming by grant from the United Statem.
The .next position of the Court in the former case was, that Madame Chancellier having slept upon her claim till 1818, muit be constdeted as having abandoned it; to which' we not only'entirely assent, as this point, appeared then, but as 'still clearer now, by the liew evidence. It was testified at the trial, that Madame Chancellier bad made a verbal sale of the two lots to St. Cyr; the crodibility of, the witness,.and the weight of his, testimony, were matters exclusively for the jury; and we cannot say that they did not find for the defendant on that ground; it was competeb1t evi'dence, conducing to prove that fact; and if the jury found the fact accordingly, we have only to consider its consequences. Assuming, as we must, that the fact' of such sale is established, it is immaterial whether such sale pas!P6d the title or not; it was, when taken in connexion with the other circumstances of thelcase, powerful if not conclusive evidence, that she had abandoned as well the possession as the right to the lots in controversy, without the intention to reclaim either; that St. Cyr took and held possession in good faith; and with good faith purchased from Kiersereau and Gamache, which he might lawfully db to complete his title. If it was a fact, then the continued possessioh of St. Cyr and the defendant, entitled the latter to all th6 benefit of the $panish, law of prescription, whether of thirty, twenty, or ten years, according to the rules laid down, as taken form the Recapilacion and Partidas, in White, 68-9. The destruction of the common fence of the common field lots, in 1798-9; was a sufficient excuse for'St. Oyror Choteau, not continuing the actual possession and cultivation of their lots, until the other owners would join in rebuilding the fence. The change of government in 1804,. with the consequent uncertainty of titles, was a reason for leaving the lots open, which ought not to be overlooked; that,there was no actual or intended abandonment by St. Cyr, might well 'have been found by the jury, from the judicial sale to Choteau in 1801; or by him, from the sale, to the defendant in, 1808. On these facts, the laws of Spain would consider the possession as continued, from 1798 to 1808; and if the opinions of this Cburt have any bearing on the question of possession, abandonment, or legal presficption of a rightful title, those to be found in Green v. Liter, 8 Cr. 244, &c.; Barr v. Gratz, 4 Wh. 213, 233; Pr. Soc. v. Pawlett, 4 Peters. 480, 504-6; ClarL v. Courtney, 5 Peters, 354-5; Barclay V'. Howvell, 6 Peters, 513;

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Strother v. Lucas.] U. S. v. Arredondo, lb. 743; Ellicott v. Pearl, 10 Peters, 442; Ewing v. Bernet, 11 Peters, 51- 3; U. S. v. Mitchell 9,,Peters, 734-5,760; New Orleans v. The U. S. 10 Peters, 718-19, &c. are most full and eoncldsive.
The plaintiffs have relied much on the allegation, that St. Cyr took possession as the tenant of Madame Chancellier, or her husband,
l.eauchamp, in 1788, or under an agreement that he should keep up the fence while he occupied the lots. The only evidence ot this fact was by her in her testimony, in which -she stated it in general terms: on her cross-examination, she stated that Beauchamp had told her so; whereupon, the court directed the jury to reject her evidence. Whether the jurydid so or not is not material; they were not bounat to credit her; they might not believe her; and we cannot presume that they did, or hold that they ought. II Peters, 50, 51,
There is another fact in evidence, which leads to the same results. 'It was testified at the trial, that St. Cyr was put into possession by the syndic, pursuant to the village regulations, because the fence had not been kept up after.the death of Chancellier. 'The jury were the jtidges of this fact; ,andfrom their finding, we must presume that it was proved, and hold the law to be accordingly; that no taint of bad faith can attach to the conduct of St. Cyr, by any notice lie may have had of the title or claim of Madame Chancellier; it was consistent with her title, that she should hold it-by the established village tenure, subject to the municipal, regulatiohs, which were authorized by the laws, usages, and customs of the country and place. It is evident, that the law which gave a title in fee to a village lot, by a continued residence of four years in a house, neither did or could apply to a common field lot, used only for cultivation or pasturage, the owner of which could derive no advantage from his mere right of property, if he adjoining owners did not keep the common fence in repair, or pay the syfidic for doing it. That suc regulations were authorized by the written law of Spain- in royal orders, and by the unwritten law of use, custom and fuero, has been seen; and that such usages and customs were valid; that localusage and custom, in relation to municipal regulations, was not the law of the villages only, but of the metropolis of the. province; and equally bifiding ,as the local-law4; is clearly established by the able and unanimous opinion or this Court, in New Orleans v..The United Statts, .10
Peters, 712, 716, 724, 730, 731. Another principle laid down by the Court in the former case,
VoL., XII.-3 M

SUPREME COURT.
[Strother v. Lucas.]
meets our entire-approbation; "that the justice and law of- the, case, growing out of such a length of possession, are so manifestly with the judgment iih the court below, if we look at.the whole evidence on the record, that-we feel disposed to give the most favourable interpl'etations to the instructions of the court" 6 Peters, 772.
There remains but one otlher point, on which the Court gave their opinion in the, former case, Which was then made by the plaintiff's counsel in their Argument, and has been strongly urged in this case,
that the conlirmation of the commissioners enured to plaintiff's'use. The reasons assigned for this position are, that the only object of
the acts of congress being to ascertain what property had bEen acquired by individuals before the cession, the commissioners were to act only on original claims, and by confirming the right of the original. owner, to leave the derivative right under him entirely open b tween adverse claiinant& The Court were before of opinion that thh view of the case could'not be sustained;' and we are now of opinion, that it is inconsistent with all the acts of congress, Which have organized boards of commissioners for adjusting land titles, the proceedings of the board, and the laws which have confirmed hem.
By these laws it is provided, that the originalgrant shall be recorded; but all other conveyances and deeds shall be deposited with the register or recorder of deeds, to be by them laid before the commissioners. Vide 2 Story, 967, 968. The same provision is contai*ned in the numerous laws on this subject, which, are noticed and reviewed in' the opinions of this Court; 12 Wheat. 525 to 543; 6 Peters, 718, &c.,; 7 Peters, 89, 90, &c..; showing that this distinction between the evidence of original and derivative'rights to land, has been uniformly observed by congress, and the .Court, The confirmations of the commissioners in the present case are, to the person who made and proved his claim before them; and from the reports of all the boards, as published in the State Papers,-R-Public Lands, 3 vol. passim; it has been uniformly done, and the acts of congress,. Confirming them, have been in general terms of reference to such reports. Vide a Story, 1410, 1,430; 3 Story, 1604. It'would defeat 'the whole object of these laws, -and introduce 'infinite public mischief, were we to decide that the..confirmations by he commissioners and congress, made expressly to those who .claim by detivatiVe titles, did not operate to their own .ue.
It has been seen, that the confirmation of titles to village lots in Missouri, 2 Story, 151, 1258, is, in express terms, "to the inhabi-

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Strother v.Lucas.]
tants of the village," acerding to their ",several right or rights in common thereto." So in the act of 1831, the lots confirmed by the act of 1812, are "to be held by the inhabitants of the said towns and villages in full property, according to their several rights therein." These laws necessarily admit of but one construction; and if we regard their terms, the object manifest on their face, and the effects evidently intended by congress, the position of the plaintiff's counsel is utterly untenable.
We now proceedt0 consider the instructions asked by the plaintiff and- refused by the court, as well as those given as modifications of those asked by plaintiff, and those given by the court on the prayer of the defendant.
Plaintiff's instructions. 1. That the sale, partition, and final decree, relative to the :estate of Chancellier, established the title of his wife to the premises in controversy, which the court refused; but instructed the jtry, that they passed the title thereto, such as it was, vested in ,Chancellier, to her; to.which we think there can be no well founded objection, as no law was produced by which such a decree could operate as a new grant of a right of property to the vendee. If none existed in the, person as whose estate it was so sold, it was a transfer of an'existing title;,and not in its nature or effect an original grant. 2. That independent of the title of Kiersereau and Gamache, there was sufficient evidence before the jury to estabiish a title, by prescription in Chancellier and his heirs; which, instruction-could not be given without usurping the province of the jury to decide on the sufficiency of the evidence. 9 Peters, 445. No instruction was asked as to its competency; and the onelasked, was, therefore, pro-
perly refused. 3. That St. Cyr took no title by prescription. This was a mixed
question of law and fact: to have given such instruation would have been an assumption by the court, that there was no such fact legally inferrible from the evidence, which would have bi'ought St. Cyr within the law of prescription. There was not only evidence of such facts given to the jury, but from their finding, we must take the parol sale by Madame Chancellier to him, the usage and cus. tom of the village, to authorize the syndic to put him in posseso sion; and that he was, pursuant thereto, so put into possession, to rbe. facts which would give to his possession the protection of prescription.

SUPREME COURT.
[Strother v. Lucas.] 4. If the jury are of opinion that St. Cyr had notice of the sale to Madame Chancellier, his possession could not be adverse, or an estate in him by proscription. If St. Cyr purchased from her, or was put into possession of the lots on account of her default in not 'repairing the fence, a. noti-e of her claim was a matter of course, and could not impair his right by possession, or the subsequent purchase from Kiersereau and Gamache. 5. That if St. Cyr was a purchaser at the sale of Chancellier's estate, or put his name or mark as such on the margin thereof, these facts are prima facie evidence, that he had notice of her title; to which the court answered, that this was proper evidence for the jury to consider, in deciding whether he had notice, and refused the instruction as asked; which we think was correct. But on the facts referred to under the third instruction, notice was wholly immaterial, as it could not taint his purchase with fraud. 6. That the deed from Kiersereau to St. Cyr, in 1793, who had before conveyed to Chancellier, by deed on record, conveyed nothing to him, and that the penalties of the crime of estellionato,by the Spanish law, were thereby incurred. 7. The same objection is made 'to the deed to St. Cyr from Gamache; and 8. That the deed purported to be a deed of Joseph, and was signed Batis Gamache x his mark. The foregoing facts fully justify the court, in their refusing such instrqction as to the effect of both deeds; and as to the deed from Gamache, the only question was one of identity and fact for the jury; which reasons equally apply to the 8th, 9th and 10th instructions. 11. That the sale by the syndic of St. Cyr's property, was no evidence of his title to the lots, or that such sale was made. The first part of this instruction was given,'and properly, for the reasons given in the first instruction; the latter part was properly refused, because the proceeding wa;. a judicial one of record, which is, per se, evidence of the facts set forth, and cannot now be called in question. 8 Peters, 309, 310. 12, 13 and 16. These instructions depend on the facts of the case, and could not have been given without interfering with the province of the jury; the court charged faVourably to the plaintiff in part of the 12th and 16th; that defendant had shown no title or bar to the plantiff under the act of limitation.
14, 15 and 17. These instructions were founded on the official

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Strother v. Lucas.]
situation of the defendant before alluded to, and were properly re-
fused under the decision of the court in the former case. The 18th instruction is founded on the act of 1831, before noticed,
which for the reasons heretofore given, could not avail the plaintiff; and he cannot complain of the refusal of the court to give it as asked; as they did instrutt the jury, that no penal effect resulted from any act of congress, which bars or stands in the way of plaintiff's recovery, though it would have been good ground of an exception by the defendant, had a verdict been found against him.
The 19th, 20th and 21st instructions depended on the court assuming, that the facts relied on by the plaintiff were established by the evidence,'and taking from the jury the right of deciding what facts were proved; the court were therefore right-in refusing to instruct as requested. The instructions asked by the defendant, and given by the court, were founded on the evidence in the cause, relating to the possession of St. Cyr, and those claiming under him; and the consequent right of the 'defendant by prescription, as a bar to the plaintiff's right of recovery. We think they were fully justified by the evidence, especially with the qualifications laid down by the court, as to the nature of such possession, and of the title under which it was held, as appears in their further instruction to the jury. "That the possession mentioned must be an open and notorious possession, and that if they should find such possession, it gave title under, and according to the Spanish or civil law,-which was in force in Upper Louisiana at the date of the treaty by which Louisiana was acquired by the United States, and remained in force and unabrogated by any law of the district of Louisiana or of Missouri, down to a period as late' as October, 1818. That the possession of ten or thirty years would give a title, the one period or the other, according to the 'circumstances under which the possession was obtained. That the ten years' p6ssession which would give a prescriptive title, must be a possesson under a purchase made in good faith, and where the purchaser believed that the person of whom he purchased had a good title, and where thb owner of. the title prescribed against resided in the same country during the said ten years. That if the jury believe from the evidence, that the possession of St. Cyr, under whom the defendant claims, was obtained under a purchase made by him in good faith, and under the belief that the persons of whom he purchased, had a good title, and that the possession of Choteau, under whom the defendant claims, was obtained in like manner and

462

SUPREME COURT.

[Strother v. Lucas.] under a purchase made with the like belief, and that they had the possession mentioned irx the second instruction asked for on the part of the defendant, and that the said Marie Louise was in the coun-
try 4ring the said ten years, the plaintiff cannot recover in this action."
And further ixstructed the jury, in relation to the possession mentioned in the third instruction asked for on the part of the defendant: "that to make the possession there mentioned a bar to the plaintiff's recovery in the presefit action, the possession of the defendant must have been obtained under a porchase, where iebelieved that the person of whom he purchased had a good title, and that the said Marie Louise was in the country during the said ten years; which, unless the jury believe they cannot find for the defendant upon such possession.
These rules appear to be in conformity with the laws of Spain, as extracted from the books of established authority in Mr. White's Compilation, p. 6 8 to 71; and this Court has never laid down stricter or perhaps as strict ones, on questions of prescriptidn, whicht they have decided according to the rules of the common law.
To the remaining instructions no exception appears to have been taken, and cannot, therefore, be considered: they were made the subject of a motion for a new trial, and are not cognizable in error.
The judgment of the court below is consequently affirmed, with
costs.

Mr. Justice CATRor4: The plaintiff moved the court to instruct the jury as follows:1. That there is evidence before the jury of the possession and title of Rene Kiersereau, and Jno. B. Gamache, as absolute owners
and proprietors of the two forty arpent lots described in the declaration.
That there is evidence beforc Ehe jury of the possession and title of Louis Chancellier, as owner and proprietor of the two forty arpent lots in question, as assignee of said Rene" Kiersereau, and said J.B. Gamache, respectively.
That there is evidence of the actual possession, after the death of said Louis Chancellier, by his widow, said Marie Louise, of said two forty arpent lots, claiming the same as absolute owner thereof.
That the plaintiff has established his title as assignee of Marie

JANUARY TERM, 1836.

463

[Strother v. Lucas.]
Louise Chancellier, to the estate and interest vested in her and. her heirs, in and to the two forty arpents in question.
That the deed given in evidence by plaintiff, from Auguste Gamache to Bazil Laroque and Marie Louise, his wife, enures to the
benefit of the plaintiff. That if th. jury shall be of opinion, from the evidence, that Hya-
cinth St, Cyr originally obtained possession of the lots irquestion, as tenant of Marie Louise, the widow of Louis Chancellier, or by virtue of a permission to occupy and cultivate, given to said St. Cyr by the syndic of the village of St. Louis, the possession of St. Cyr so obtained" shall be taken by the jury as in law the possession of
said Marie Lotaise. That the confirmations of the board of commissioners, on 23d July,
1810, of which the defendant was a member-,could at most only operate as a quit claimA by the United States in favour of the origihal grantees, and could not decide the question of derivative title
under said original grantees. That the mere fact of the land described in the confirmation to
Choteau, and the land described in the confirmation given in evidence by the plaintiff, and the declaration, being identical, does not entitle the defendant to a verdict in his favour.
That no forfeiture or disqualification has accrued against Madame Marie Louise, the widow of Louis Chancellier or against her assigns, under any act of congress; whereby she or they are barred from asserting their legal and equitable rights to the lots in question before this court.
Which instructions were given by the court. Instructions asked by the plaintiff, and partly refused by the court. 1st. That the sale and partition, and final decree, of which duly certified copies have been given in evidence by the plaintiff, establish the title of the widow of Louis Chancellier, Madame Marie Louise Deschamps, and her heirs, to the ;land described in said sale and partition a'ssold and allotted to her; part of which said land consists of the two arpents by for~ty in the declaration described, bounded !y Bisou, on the one side, and by J. B. Bequette, on the othei. 2d. That independently of the title of Rene Kiersereau, and J. B. Gamache, there would be sufficient evidence before the jury to establish a title by prescription in Louis Chancellier and his -heirs, and Marie Louise, his widow, and her heirs,.to the two forty arpents described in the declaration.

SUPREME COURT.
[Strother v. Lucas.]
3d. That Hyacinth, St. Cyr took no title by prescription in and to said lots.
4th. That if the jury shall be of opinion that Hyacinth St. Cyr had notice of the sale of said lots to Marie Louise, by the proper Spanish authority, as given in evidence by the plaintiff, the possession of said Hyacinth St. Cyr of said arpents was not such as could be adverse to Marie Louise, or could create an estate by prescription in favour of said St. Cyr.
5th. That if the jury shall be of opinion, from the evidence, that St. Cyr was a purchaser'at the public sale of the property of Louis Chancellier, or signed his name, or made his mark as purchaser on the margin of said sale; these facts are prima facie evidence that said St. Cyr had notice of the title of said Marie Louise, as purchaser at said sale of the lots therein described, as sold to her.
6th. That the deeds given in evidence by defendant to, Rene Kiersereau, bearing date the 23d of October, 1793, conveyed nothing to St. Cyr; being made by a person out of possession, and whose conveyance for the same land to another person, to Cbancellier, was upon record, and who therefore was guilty of the crime of "Estellionato," punishable by fine and banishment, by the Spanish law then in force.
7th. That the deed given in evidence by defendant from Joseph Gamache to Hyacinth St. Cyr, dated 23d October, 1793, is void on the ground of "Estellionato" in Batis Gamache, supposing that he made the deed; 2d, on the ground of uncertainty in the deed itself, in this, that it purports to be a deed of Joseph Gamache, and is signed Batis Gamache t his mark.
8th. That Auguste Choteau took no estate by prescription in either of said forty arpent lots-in question.
9th. That there is no evidence of possession whatever, adverse or otherwise, by Auguste Choteau, of said two forty arpent lots, or any
part thereof. 10th. That if the jury shall be of opinion, from the evidence be-
fore them, that the said Auguste Choteau had notice of the public sale of said lots to Madame Marie Louise Chancellier, his possession
or claim to said lots under Hyacinth St. Cyr is fraudulent and void as against said Marie Louise, and her heirs and assigns;
11th. That the certified copy- of the proceedings and sale by the syndic, in the matter of Hyacinth St. Cyr, a bankrupt, is not evidence either of St. Cyr's title to either of the lots in question, or that

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Strother v. Lucas.]
same were sold by said syndic to said Auguete Choteau, as part of
said St. Cyr's property. 12th. That the defendant has shown no title by prescription,'under
the Spanish or civil law, or by the statutes of limitation, (in bar of plaintiff,) under the Anglo American laws, to the lots in question.
13th. That the title of the defendant, as assignee of Auguste Cho-
teau, is vitiated by the fraud which vitiates the title of Choteau and of St. Cyr.
14th. That the deed from Auguste Choteau and wife, to Lucas, of the lots in question, dated 11th January, 1808, is void for fraud; if, in opinion of jury, it was a sale and conveyance to Lucas of a claim and. interest pending before said Lucas himself for adjudication.
15th. That if, in the opinion of the jury, the claim was pending before Lucas, as commissioner, when he bought it, the adjudication or confirmation'of it on the 23d July, 1810, by the board of commissioners, of which Lucas was a member, is fraudulent and void at
law and in equity. 16th. That neither the statute of limitations, nor the Spanish law
of prescription, can avail the defendant, Lucas, independently of the possession of St. Cyr and Choteau;
17th. That the orders of survey given in evidence by the defendant, and made by himself and his two colleagues in favour of Auguste Choteau, bearing date June i0th, 1811,, was fraudulent and void; if the jury shall be of opinion, from the evidence, that the claims therein ordered to be surveyed, had been sold to said defendant by said Choteau, previous to the date of said order; and while said claims were pending for adjudication before said defendant, as member of the board of commissioners in said order mentioned.
18th. That if any penal effect resulted from any act of congress, to Madame Chanc'llier and her assigns, or to the legal represehitatives of Rene Kicrsereau and J. B. Gamache, the act of congress of
January, 1831, entitled, "an act further supplemental to the act, entitled; an act making further provisions for settling the claims to landp in the territory-of Missouri, passed the thirteenth day of Jupe, one thousand eight hundred and twelve," remits the parties to their original and equitable rights and titlrs, as if no such penal act had ever been in force.
-19th. That upon the case made by the plaintiff, h9 is entitled to a verdict for all that part of the two forty arpent lots in question, situ-
VoL. XI,--3 N

SUPREME COURT.
[Strother v. Lucas.] ated west of Seventh street, in St. Louis, and all the lots east of Seventh street, accordijig to the admissions of defendant as above.
20th. That in this case there is no law or binding ordinance of the Spanish government, by which Midame Chancellier, and those claiming under her, could be deprived,, according to the state of the evidence in this case, of whatever title she acquireA 1o the land in question, under the purchase made of it by her as the property of her husband.
21st. That if the jury believes, from the evidence, that St. Cyr ceased to cultivate and be in actual possession of the premises in dispute, from 1797, or, 1798, prescription ceased. to run in his favour, and that of those who claim under him from that time.
Which instructions the court refused to give; but instructed the jury in relation to the matter, referred to in the first instruction above refused: " that the pale, and partition, and final decree, the record of ,which certified copies have been given in evidence by the plaintiff, did pass the title of Louis Chancellier, mentioned in said proceedings of sale, such as it .was at the time of his death,,or such as it was in his heirs at the time of said s'ale to Madame-Marie Louise, his widow, mentioned in said proceedings, and. her heirs, to the lands described in said record of sale and partition, as sold and allotted to her.
And fprther instructed'.the jury, in relation to the matteirz mentioned- in the fifth instructioA above refused: "that if the jury should be of opinion that St. Cyr, under whom the defendant claims, was a purchaser at said public sale of the property of said Louis Chanceltier, or did sign his nanme or make his mark on the margin of the record of said sale: these facts, or either of them, is evidence proper for them to consider in ascertainingwhether said St. Cyr had notice of the said title of' said Marie Louise, as purchaser at the said sale of the lots described in the record theieof as sold to her."
And further instructed the jury, in relation to the matters referred to in the eleventh instruction above refused: "that the certified copy of the proceedings and sale by the syndic, of the property and estate of St. Cyr as a hankrupt,,was not evidence of a title to said St. Cyr to the lots in question, or either of them."
And further instructed the jury, in relation to the matters referred to in the twelfth instruction above refused,.and to the statutes of limitation referred to in that refused instruction: "that the defendanx

JANUARY TERM, 1838.
[Strother v. Lucas.]
bad shown no title to the lots in question, nor any bar'to the plaintiff's recovery under any statute or statutes of limitation."
And further instructed the jury, in relation to the matters r~ferred to in the sixteenth instruction above refused: "that the statute of limitations could not avail the defendant, Lucas, either with or independent of the possession, of St. Cyr."
And further instructed the jury, in relation to the matters referred to in the eighteenth instruction above refused: "that although thb act of congress of the 31st of January, 1831, referred to in said refused instruction last, mentioned, does not remit the penalties as in that refused insti'uction is supposed by the plaintiff; yet, that in fact no penal effect results from any act of congress which bars or §tands in the way of plaintiff's recbvery in the present action; or which in any manner affects his title or evidence of title, under, or to be de-
rived from said -acts, or any of them, under the'admissions of the parties in the present case."
The first instruction refused, could not be given in the form it was asked, because it would have concluded-the cause' as to fact and law. The explanations given by the court were proper.
The second and third asked the. court to pronounce on the facts. The fourth asked the court to declare, that if St. Cyr had notice of Madame Chancellier's purchase, his title could not be confirmed by prescription. St. Cyr, and those claiming under him, could have prescribed notwithstanding such knowledge, bad the possession been continued a sufficient length of time. On this point, the charge of the districf judge, in- response to the instructions asked by the defendant, is substantially accurate. The explanirion of the fifth instruction asked, is highly favourable to the plaintiff. The sixth asked the court to instruct the jury that Kiersereau was not in possession when he made the deed,; and therefor8 it was void. If St, Cyr was in lawful possession for himself, no forfeiture could follow by the conveyance to him; -and this depended on the fact whether St. Cyr was lawfully in possession. How the civil law was, in 1793, in cases of conveyances, where the lands were.claimed and holden in actual possession, adversely'to the grantor and grantee at the time the deed was made; is immaterial, and is not decided. The seventh, eighth and ninth instructions asked, propose. to re. fer to the court for decision, questions of fact, pertaining to the jury.

SUPREME COURT.
[Strother v. Lucam.] The tenth assumes that Choteau's possession was void, if he' had notice of the sale to Madame Chancellier This by no means follows. He might have possessed in good faith, notwithstanding; of which the jury were, to judge. But if the possession was in bad faith, still its continuance for thirty years by Choteau and those, from whom he derived it, and the subsequent continuance thereof by Lucas, would have authorized the prescription. The eleventh and twelfth instructions asked were given; and th thirteenth asked the court to. charge on the fact, and to declare to the jury there was fraud: a principal matter they were called on to try. The fourteentli, fifteenth and seventdenth instructions are the same that were in the cause previously before this Court; when it was decided, that Lucas could purchase under the circumstances indicated. The point is not deemed open to invesjigation: such is the opinion of my brethren who decided that cause, and with which I
concur. The sixteenth asks a charge on the fact, how Lucas held posses-
sion, and the length of its continuance.; and was properly refused. The eighteenth was correctly explained by the district court. The nineteenth proposes, in effect, that the 'caiise be decided by
the court. 'Had the instruction been given, it would have withdra.wn from the jury the determination of the facts.
To the twentieth, it may be answered, that by the laws of Spain,' Madame Chancellier's title might have been prescribed against.
The twenty-first is correctly answered by the district court. The judge said to the jury.: "That if they should find from the evidence that said St. Cyr took'possession, or was in possession of the lands in controversy, or any'of them, under said Marie Louise, or as her tenant, his possession so taken or held would be the possession of the said Marie Louise; and would not be a possession in St. Cyr, available by him 'or those claiming under him, under the law of prescription mentioned. But, that if the jury should be of ,opinion,. that said St. Cyr came to the possession of the lan"'in controversy, not as the tenant of the said Marie Louise, or'under her, but under a claim and 'title adverse to her; .such adverse claim and possession would constitute a possession upon which a-prescription, by the Spanish or civil law referred to and then in force, would begin to run in favour of him, and those claiming under him, if suci possession was actual, open, and notorious; and that such possession so commenced,

JANUARY, TERM, 18$8.
[Strother v. Lucas]
would constitute and preserve to said St. Cyr, his heirs or assigns, a possession available under the law of prescription referred to; notwithstanding said St. Cyr, or those deriving title from him, should leave the actual possession or cease to occupy and cultivate, if that abandonment of.the actual possession, occupancy, or cultivation was with the intention to return, and without any mental abandonment of the possession."
Instructions asked .by defendant, and given by 'the court: 1st. "That if the jury find from the evidence that Hyacinth St. Cyr, and those lawfully claiming unde him, have possessed the two arpents by forty, surveyed for GCamache and Kiersereau, without interruption, and With claim of title for thirty years, consecutively, prior to October, 1818,,the plaintiff is not entitled to' recover in this action. 2d.- "If the jury find from the evidence that Hyacinth'St. Cyr, and those lawfully claiming under him,'possessed the two lots'in the declaration mentioned, for ten years, consecutively, prior to, and until the 23d day of July, 1810, and the lands confirmed to Auguste Choteau on that day, are the same lands in the declaration mentioned; the plaintiff cannot recover in this action. 3d. " If the jury'find 'from the evidence that the defendant possessed the lots of land in the declaration mentioned for ten years, consecutively, prior to the first of October, 1818, the plaintiff cannot recover in this action." Which instructions the court gave to the jury; with the further instruction "That the possession mentioned must be an open alid notorious possession; and that if they should find such possession, it gave title under, and according to the Spanish or civil law, which was in force in Upper Louisiana at the date of the treaty, by which Louisiana was acquired by the United States; and remained in force and unabrogated by any law of the district of, Louisiana or of Missouri, down to a period as late as October, 1818. That the possession of 'ten or thirty years would give a title, the one period or the other according to the circumstances u'nder which te possession waF obtained. That the ten years' possession which would give a prescriptive title, must be a possession under a purchase made in good faith; and wvhere' the purchaser believed that the person of whom he, purchased had a good title; and where the owner of the title prescribed against resided in the same country during the said ten years. That if the jury believe from the evidence, that the possession of St. Cyr,

SUPREME, COURT.
[Strother v. Lucas.]
under whom the defendant claims, was obtained under a purchase made by him in good faith, and under the belief that the persons of *hom he purchased had a good title; and that the possession of Choteau, under whom the defen'dant claims, was obtained in like manner and under a purchase made with the.like belief; and that they had the possession mentioned in the second instruction asked for on the part of the defendant; and that the said Marie Louise was in the country during the said ten years, the plaintiff cannot recover in 'this action."
And further instructed the jury, in relation to the possession mentioned in the third instruction asked for on the part of the defendant: "that to make the possession there mentioned a bar to the plaintiff's recovery in the present action, the possession of the defendant must have been obtained under a purchase, where' he believed that the persons of whom he purchased had a good title,,and that the said Marie Louise was in the countiy during the said ten years; which, unless the jury believe, they cannot find for the :d. fendant upon such possession."
The.-foregging instructions given for the defendant, with the explanations, are substantially correct.
This is the whole ease; in the affirmance of the judgment in which, I concur, for the reasons here stated. But there are, various principles introduced into the preceding opinion, the accuracy' of which I very much doubt. Furthermore: it is apprehended they are foreign to the case -presented by the record; and it is feared their introduction iJto it, may lend them a sanction they do not deserve, and embarrass the infeiior courts, and this Court, in future, in the numerous -controversies now depending, and likely to arise on the titles of Florida, Louisiana, Missouri, Arkansas and Wisconsin, involving ,he application and construction 6f the laws of France and Spain: and 'hence this separate opinion has been filed.
Mr. Justice WA&YwE stated that he dissented from 'the opinion of the Court, delivered by jMr. Justice Baldwin. He was authorized to say that Mr. Justice M'Kinley concurred with him in opinion.
The title-to the lots was in Chancellier at the time of his death. St. Cyr obtained a title by fraud, and. by fraud he continued in possession.
Choteau's claim is not such as divested the title of Chancellier, according to the Spanish law.

JANUARY TERM, 1838.

47T

[Strother v. Lucas.] Mr. Justice M'L AN dissented.

Mr. Chief Justice, TANEY did not sit.in this cause, having been of counsel for one of the parties.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the district court of the United States for the district of Missouri; and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here adjudged. and ordered by. this Court, that the judgm at.of the said district 'court in this cause be, and the -same. is hereby. affirmed, with cnsts.

