JANUARY TERM. 1839.
THE UNITED STATES, APPELLANT, VS. MosEs.E. LEVY, APPELt.EE.
A grant by'Governor Coppinger, of fourteen thousand fivp hundred acres of land, in East Florida, part of thirty thousand acres, granted in consideration of services to the crown of Spain and the officers of Spain, which had been surveyed by the appointed officer, confirmed.
The Court refused to allow a survey of land to be made to make up for a deficiency in the survey of fourteen thousand five hundred acres, in consequence of part of the land included therein being covered with wata, and being marshes. Even if a survey had not been made under the concession, it would not be competent for the Superior Court of East Florida, or for the Supreme Court, to designate a new location varyiDg from the original conbession, as any such variation would. be equivalent to a new grant.
APPEAL from the Superior Court of East Florida. Moses E. Levy, a citizen of the United States, presented a petition to the judge of the Superior Court of East Florida, on the 18th day of May, 1829, claiming title to a tract of land containing fourteen thousand five hundred acres, situated in East Florida,being part of thirty thousand acres originally conceded to Fernando de la Maza Arredondo, in full property, by Governor Don Jose Coppinger, on,the 14th day of March, 1817, in consideration of services rendered by him to the government and offiqers of Spain; which fourteen thousand five hundred acres became, by sundry mesne conveyances, .theproperty of the petitioner. The petition states that. there is at the place designated in the said concession for the location of the said fourteen thousand five hundred acres of land, a considerable portion of the land covered by water, and consisting of marshes; which, if included in the survey of the said land, would.,be "acomplete loss of so much land'as is covered with water, or as consists of marshes. . The petitioner avers, that by the concession in this case, he is entitled to fourteen thousand five hundred acres of land, exclusive of land covered by water and of marshes; and that by the custom, practice, and usage of the Spanish government in East Florida, where it happened that at the place designated for the location of the land granted, there was found to be a part of that which would necessarily fall within the survey according to the calls of the grant, covered with water, or consisting of marshes, though included within the boundaries of the survey, it was excluded from the quantity surveyed for the party; and the whole of land clear of such water and, marsh, called for by the grant, was surveyed and secured to the party entitled to the benefit thereof. He therefore prays that such directions, for the survey of the said fourteen thousand five hundred acres of land may be given, as he is justly entitled to by the aforesaid concession and the said usage' practice, and custom of the Spanish government in East Florida. The petitioner states that since the purchase of said lands by him, he has at very great expense and trouble made a settlement on the lands, at a place thereon called Hope Hill; and that he has erected
11

SUPREME COURT.
[The United States vs. Moses E. Levy.]
houSes and buildings of various descriptions on the land, and has cultivated a considerable portion thereof, and made other beneficial imnyrovements thereon.
The answer of the District Attorney of the United States'denies, unojpg otrier things, that it was the usage and custom in East Flopla:b have the quantity of land covered by water, or such as is found t~ Pe a marsh, replaced by surveys of other land; and'insists' 'that-the petitioner having procured and accepted a royal grant for foul nen thousand five hundred reres, made according to tl e sAurvey unctvr the original concession, he is estopped from settivig tru such usage or custom, if the same existed.
Tha answer also insists that the Court has no power or authority to direct a survey of the said fourteen thousand five hundred acres of laud,-in accordance with any such suppo0ed usage or custom , if it could be shown that any such usage or custom ever existed
The F&perior Court confirmed the, grant for fourt,, tbnxiiand five'hliudred acres, according to the survey, and rejetct the'eiaim to have the quantity of land contained in the grant surveyed, excluding land 'overed with water and marshes.
The United States appealed from this decree: The case was submitted to the Court, by Mr. Grundy, Attorney General of the United States.
Mr. Justice WA-riNE delivered the opinion of the Court. This-is an appeal from the Superior Court of East Florida. The appellee, after alleging that he, claims title to a certain tract or parcel of land, containing fourteen thousand five hundied acres, situated in East Florida, being a. part of a large body consisting of thirty thousand acres, originally granted in full and absolute property, on the 24th day of Marvh, 1817, to Fernando de la Maza Arredondo--that he. had purrchased the same after the said fourteen thousand five hundred acres were located awd surveyed; he further alleges, that a considerable portion of the land bought by him, is covered by Water, and consists of marshes, and "that by the custom, practice, and usage of the.Spanish governrpent, in East Florida, where it happened that at the place 0'esignated for the location 'of the land granted, there was found to be a part of that-Which would necessarily fall within the survey according to the calls of the grant, covered with water, or consisting of marshes, though included within 'the boundaries of the survey, it was excluded from thequantity surveyed for the party; and the whole of land clear of such -water ond marsh, called for by the grant, was surveyed and secured to the party entitled to the benefit thereof." He then prays that such directions for the survey of the said 14,500 acres of land may he given by the, Court, as he is entitled to, by the aforesaid concession, and the said usage, practice, and custom of the Spaish government , in East Florida. Andl he concludes his 'petitioni with a prayer, that the validity of his title to the aforesaid tract of land, may be in'quired-into and decided by the Court.

JAN'UARY TERM, 1839.

83

[The United States vs.Moses E. Levy.]
The Court decides his claim to be good to the 14,500 acres, according to its survey, designating particularly the identity of the land by reference to the survey of Don Andrew Burgeon, who waa the surveyor appointed to survey the; oncession to Arredondo, and it decrees, that the prayer of appellee, to have the said fourteen thousand five hundred acres of land surveyed to him, excluding laud covered with water and marshes-be rejected.
This Court affirms the decree of the Court below. It thinks thai the -laimant failed to establish Dy..any evidence in the cause,. the existence of any such custom or practice in the government of East Florida, in regard to land covered by water, and coioisting of marshes; and if such a custom or practice can be proved -o exist, it cannot be applied to any concession carried into an actual grant according to a survey made and returned by the officer, or person appointed to make such survey. Such are the facts in this ,case. The survey was made by Burgeon, the governor having appointed and qualified him for the purpose ; and the grant is made bv a recital of Burgeon's survey. It is this survey also, which the"Court below decrees in favour of the claimant, and which it is to be particularly understood this Court affirms. But' this Court thinks it necessary to say further, in affirming the decree of the Court below ; rejecting the claim of the petitioner to have fourteen thousand five hundred acres of land surveyed to him, excluding land covered with water and marshes; that even though the survey had not been made, it would not be competent to the Court below, or to this Court, to designate a new location, varying from the original concession, as any such alteration on a concession would be equivalent to a new grant. See the case of the United States vs. Huertap,
9 Peters, 171. The acts of Congress by which these cases are subjected to judi-
cial investigation and judgment, give no such power to the Courts.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of -th record from the Superior Court for the district of East Florida, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is adjudged and decreed by this Court, that the decree of the said Superior Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, in all respects, affirmed,

464

SUPREME COURT.

THOMAS 0. BURTON, APPELLANT, VS. WILLIAM L. SMITH AND
OTHERS, APPELLEES.
'Under the laws of Virginia in relation to lands of which the debtor has an actual seisin, although there is no statute in Virginia Which expressly makes a judgment or lien on the lands of the debtor, yet during the existence of the right of the plaintiff to take out an elegit, the lien of the judgment'is universally acknowledged.
All the authorities, ancient and modem, agiee in this proposition, that a reversion after an estate for life is assets, or, as some of the books express it, quasi assets, in the hands of
· the'heir, in regard to the bond of the ancestor, binding heirs ; and that in such case, the plaintiff may take judgment of it, quando acciderit. Upon principle, it 'Would seem to be clear, that whatever estate descended to the heir, which was liable as assets to the bond debt of the ancestor, must be bound by a judgment obtained against the ancestor in his lifetime.
There is a current of authorities going to prove that a reversion after an estate for life is bound by a judgment obtained against the ancestor, from whom it immediately descended.
So far from its being proper for a Court to hesitate about decreeing a sale of an interest because it is reversionary, the character 'of the interest affords a stronger reason for such,a decree, For although in regard to property in present actual possession, the elegit, although tardy in its operation, yet is in some degree an effective remedy, inasmuch as the creditor will by that means annually receive something towards his debt; whereas, in the case of a dry reversion, if the outstanding life estate should continue during half a century, the creditor might look on in hopeless despondency, without the possibility of receiving a cent from that source, except. through the interposition of a Court of equity
in decreeing a sale. It is the very nature and essence of a lien, that no matter into whose hands the property
goes, it pases cum onere. If this were not the cape, it wouldcease to boa lien.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the eastern district of Virginia.
The case, as stated in the opinion of the Court, was as follows: "In the month of June, 1827, Smith and Kennedy obtained a judgment in the Circuit Court, against Reuben Burton, for $1348 75, with interest from the 14th of October, 182, and costs. On this judgment an elegit was issued, on the 31st of December, 1827 On the 12th of August, in the same year, Reuben BurtOn, by deed conveyed. his real estate to certaiiA)trustees, in trust, to sell the same for the benefit of his creditors; amongst many other debts enumerated in the deed, the judgment already mentioned, recovered by Smith and Kennedy,was included. These last mentioned creditors, the appellees, never assented to, or accepted anything under the 'trust deed. Burton having died; the only trustee who accepted the trust, on the 21st of December, 1829, sold, under the deed, all the estate, both real and personal, conveyod .by it; and at that sale, Sarah Burton, by her agent, purchased, at -the price of $1000, the interest of.Reuben Burton, that is, twofifth parts of a certain tract of land called Springfield, supposed to contain about five hundred acres, and also his interest in certain coal pits on the same tract. The character of Reuben Burton's interest in the Springfield tract of land, as appears from the record, was that of a reversion in fee after an estate far life. And the cha-

JANUARY TERM; 1839.

465

[Burton vs. Smith et a].]
racter of his interest in the coal pits, as appears from an agreement in the record, was this: The heirs of Daniel Burton, of Whom Reuben Burton was onewere to have, during tho, widow'9 life, the right of occupying, using, and working the coalpits, and the right and power of sinking'shafts, and searching for coal on-any part of the land, except the yard, &c., paying to the widow, during her life, the yearly sum of $20o, for her dower interest. The same agreement will show his interest in a mineral spring included in the decree.
After the death of Reuben Burton, the appellees, finding. that there was no personal estate to satisfy their debt, in September, 1834, filed their bill to enforce the lien created by their judgment making, amongst others, Sarah Burton a defendant, as purchaser of the in-' terestof Reuben BurtoA before described, in the Springfield tract of land and coal pits.
She answered, saying, that the property conveyed to her was not purchased for her own benefit, but for the benefit of her son Thomas 0. Burton, the appellant. She insisted, ini her answer, that the appellees had no right to enforce their judgment, as more than five years had elapsed since the death of Reuben Burton. She denied that the judgment created any 'lien on the property purchased by her, which was valid against her. She insisted that the appellees were entitled to no relief in equity; and that, at all events, a sale should not be decreed.
An amended bill was thereupon filed, making Thomas 0. Burton. a defendant. He filed an answer, insisting on the grounds taken by Sarah Burton.
The cause coming on to be heard, the Court held. the reversionary interest of Reuben Burton in the Springfield tract of land, and his interest in the right'of occupying and working the coal pits thereon, and, also, his interest in the mineral spring thereon, with the twentyfive acres of land adjoining tfieret6, liable to the appellees' judgment; and decreed a moiety of Reuben Burton's interest to be sold." From this decree an appeal was taken."

The case was submitted to the Court on printed arguments, by Mr.' Lyons, for the appellant; and by Mr. Robinson for the appellees.

The argument of Mr. Lyons was as follows: The appellant insists that the decree of the Circuit Court is erroneous, and ought to be reversed. 1st, Because the judgment in favour of the appellees against Reuben Burton, gave no lien upon the interest or share of Reuben Burton in the Springfield coal property, which was purchased by Sarah Burton for the appellant; and which, by the decree of the Circuit Court, -was adjudged to be sold. By'the common law.a judgment conferred no lien upon lands. That lien is the result entirely of the power to extend the lands, and is therefore a statutory power conferred by the act commonly called
59

SUPREME COURT.
[Buron w. Smith et al.]
-the'statute of Westminster. This position is known to be familiar to the Court; but if authority is desired for it, it may be found in the
opi on of Lord Hardwicke, in the case of Stileman vs. Ashdown, 9 Atkyns' Reports, 608, and every subsequent decision upon that subject j and especially in the opinion of the late Chief Justice of the United States, in the case of the Bank of the United States vs. Win$ton et al.,2 Brockenbrough's Reports, 252; which is quoted, not only because of the high character of the authority, and the just weight which will be attached to it, but because of the distinct and emphatic .manner in which the position is laid down, and the righto of
the party claiming under the judgment are, in a Court of equity, limited and confined to the right and power conferred by the judgment. The first inquiry then is, could the appellees have extended the interest before mentioned, of Reuben Burton in the Springfield coal lands? It is submitted that they could not. It will be perceived by the Court, that the entire tract of land upon which the Springfield pits are, with the houses, &c., constituted the niansion establishment of Daniel Burton, the father of Reuben, who died intestate, leaving a Widow, Sarah Burton, and several children. Until dower was assigned the widow she had the right to,retain the mansion establishment, and to derive her maintenance from it. While it remained in that condition, therefore, it is assumed that no elegit could be levied upon it; because if an elegit issue against one child, so might one isspe against each child; and thus the whole would be taken and put into the ,possession of the creditors, and the widow expelled, and kept out, until by her writ she was restored. The children could not lawfully expel the widow; the creditors of the children, standing in their place, could not of eburse do it. If all could not do it, surely one could not. The lands in the hands of the widow before assignment of dower, could not therefore be taken under an elegit. No assignment of dower has taken place, unless the Court shall regard the agreement entered into by Mrs, Burton and her children (exhibited by defendants,) as such assignment. Is the condiiion of the appellees aided by that paper,? It is submitted that so fit from it, the cordition is made worse. , If that agreement had not been entered into, any creditor of Reuben Burton might have filed his bill against thQ widow and heirs, and compelled an assignment of dower, which being made, he might have levied his .elegit upon the share of
Reuben Burton; but this agreement deprives the appellees of that power, becase it is founded upon a good as well as valuable consideration-was entered into before any right existed in the appellees--and assigns to the widow, for her dower, the entire tract of land, except the mineral spring, with twenty-five acres, and the right to work the-oal mines, and charges them with an annuity of two hundred dollars per annurh to'the widow. The rights of the appellees, in respect to this property, are manifestly less than if the agreement had not been entered into. Could Reuben Burton's interest in the coal mines and spring, with the twenty-five acres, have been taken under an elegit, after the execution of the said agree-

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

467

(Burton v Smith et al.]
ment? It is respectfully submitted that it could not. By the inqu&Vio4
under the elegit the property is placed in the hands -of the creditor, who takes all the profits of it, paying therefor a fair annual rent, to. be applied as a credit against his claim; and of the portion thus placed in his hands no one has a right to share the profits with him. If this may be done in favour of the creditor of one child, it may be done for' he creditors of each; and if two elegits issue at the samg time Against the same: defendant, they take not a moiety but the whole : and thus the widow who has renounced her claim to dower
in the other lands of her husband, and thereby suffered them to pass away from, her, is to be again ousted and deprived of the annuity, in consideration of which, in great-part, she has made her relinquishment under an agreement with the heirs, which is obligatory upon them, and as effectual to charge the property with the rights of the doweress as any which could have been resorted to. It is not neces-
sary to the validity of an assignment of dower that it should be registered: i. e. recorded as a conveyance. If it is, howe~rer, and this agreement is to be affected by the failure to register, (although as
to one of the parties it was fully proved, being acknowledged, and should have been recorded,) then it cannot diminish the rights of 'the widow, and the argument upon the hypothesis that no assignment
has been made, applies.
If land is subject to-a trust for the use of a grantor and another, e. g. to raise an annuity, and a judgment is rendered against the grantor, the land cannot be taken by elegit. Doe on demise of Iul. vs. Green Hill, 4 Barnwell and Alderson, 684. In the present case the land was subject to a trust, and one of the uses charged upon it was to raise an annuity.* The agreement here being a case of dower, was as valid to charge it as any form of conveyance, and so to protect it; the reason is the same in each-the right of the annuitant.
What, then, it may be asked, were the rights of the appellees in reference ,to this property, Vhen they obtained .their judgment?, They were two-fold-either to take Reuben Burton under a ca. sa., and thus acquire his right6 whatever they were in the subject, and
by express provision of the execution law, the right to sell them; or upon the return of the fi. fa., to file a bill for an account of the rents and profits of the coal mines, and for a receiver, and a decree for the satisfaction of the judgment out of it. In the lifetime of Reuben Burton they could have done no more. An account of rents and profits *cannot be had in the lifetime *of the debtor, even after're-
moving a frauduleit conveyance, if an elegit can be levied; and the' power of a Court of equity to sell the lands in such a case is clearly repudiated by Lord Hardwicke in the case of Higgins et al. vs. The York Buildings Company, .A2tkyns, 107. The proceeding to judgment at law, and the 1lst ndens" to enforce it in equity, would have given it, if not a li-n exactly, a preferable claim; and a purchaser even for valuable onideration, would have been bound as a purchaser with notice. If a ca. sa. had been executed after the conveyance, the I en of the judgment would have been lost.

408

SUPE19ME COURT.

[Burton v. Smith ft al.] In the absence of a lis pendens,"' and when, if this view be correct, thwappellees had not the: powver to extend by an elegit, and
had therefore no lien-viz, on the 12th day of August, in the year 1827, Reuben Burton conveyed the property to trustees for the
benefit of' his creditors. In the month of December, in the year 1829, more than two years after the- renditiom of the judgments,
during the whole of which time no attempt was made to enforce the judgment as against the coal lands by the appelleeswho are among
the careditors enumerated as the persons for whose benefit the deed of trust is made-a, sale of the subject is made under the deed of
trust by public auction, and the appellant became the purchaser. No step had been taken, nor any act done by the appellees indicating their dissent from the deed of trust, nor was any such step
taken until the month of September, in the year '1834, more than seven years after the judgment-was rendered. In the answer all knowledge of the judgment of the plaintiff, as affecting the coal pro-
perty at least, is denied; the impression it seems being that an elegit had been levied upon other lands, and it is thought the evidence
sustains the answer. Certainly the answer is not overthrown by the requisite degree
of proof--there being only one witness to oppose it; and that witness is opposed in his present recollections by his own written state-
ment made at the time of the sale The appellant stands then in' L,, position of a purchaser for a
valuable consideration, of property uipon which the appellees had
acquired no lien, and to which, with equal equity, the appellant holds the legal title. In such a oase, the purchaser is entitled to the
protection of a Court of equity: but if he is not, he is certainly not the proper object for the vindictive exercise of its power, and the Court of equity will leave the, adversary. creditor to his legal
rights. Sugden on Vendors, sec. 5, 338--344, and the opinion of Judge Green in Coutts vs. Walker, 2 Leigh's Reports, 268. The space allowed in this form of argument will not permit a com-
ment on the reason of this rule, if it were necessary. Its justice is apparent: the fair purchaser for a valuable consideration has,
upon every principle, at least as much equity as the sleeping judgment creditor-one who sleeps for seven years. And why should a Court of equity seek to turn the scale against 'himequity, which alwatys follows and only aids the law? In such a case the proper language of equity is: "I cannot aid you against one who is equally entitled to my sympathy: if you have any legal advantage over him, asgert it: I cannot, and would not if I could, pravenyou; but I can do no more." Here 'the case is peculiarly stro.g for the application of the rule. The judgment £reditor has,
to sy the least, been guilty of the most culpable laches. He has laia'hy for. seven years-during which time he took no step against the cieed, or the property in question-the property of his debtor;'
nnveyed to secure- the payment of his among other'debts by a con-
veyance which gave a priority over him, is sold; and the money

JANUARY TERU, 1,839.

46

[Burton vs. Smith et A.)
arising from the Sale applied according to the 4provisions of the deed
-more thani-wo years having elapsed between the rendition of the judgment, and the sale under'tlhe deed. Here was time most ample for any purpose, and if any step had been taken b'y the creditor, the priorities of the parties would have been' settled and the purchase money paid over accordingly. Passing by all this-ater the trustee has misapplied the purchase money, as the judgment treditor contends, he comes into a Court of equity to ask as against the purchaser, that which he cannot obtain at law. No principle is con-
ceived upon which the plaim preferred can be sustained.
II. If the judgment did confer a lien, then the appellees, in the case as it now appears to the Court, i. e. unless it appeared that the profits would not in a reasonable time pay the debt, had no claim whatever to the aid of a Court of equityi that equity follows the lav' and only aids it, is a principle too familiar and well known to need authority; and has been expressly affirmed in respect to this very question of a 'lien of a judgment by Lord Hardwicke, in a case already referred to, 2 Atkyns, 107; and in other cases to which there may be occasion to refer. The power of a Court of equity over the lands of a debtor by judgment is the consequence of the right acquired by the creditor to redeem prior incuinbrances. This is the
source and fountaiii of the power; and if the prior mortgages or incumbrances will not permit him to redeem, or if he is not. able to redeem without a sale of the lands; he may apply to a Court of
equity-to compel a redemption; and therefore a sale of the property,
Sugden, 340. By degrees, in the absence of any law or legal principle to sustain
them,'the -Courts have extended their power; and commencing with the principle of aiding and fQllowing the law, they have arrived at the conclusion, that they may do that which the law could-not do, and sell the land. But this has been, not in a case like thatbefore the Court, but in cases as it will be presently shown, founded-upon obligations which bound-the heir. But to r6cur: did the judgment, in the case before the Court, give a lien upon the lands ?-If it did, then it is respectfully submitted,-that the appellees, in the case they have made,
had no claim to the aid of a Court of equity; because there was nothing to impede their progress, and remedy at law. In the case before cited, 2 Atkyns, 107, where the debtor was living," Lord Hardwicke decided, that the Court of Chancery had the power to remove a fraudulent conveyance; it being a principle o' equity jurisdiction that where fraud in fact is charged, a Court 'of equity therefore has jurisdiction, because from its more comprehensive
power it can - more fully try the fraud, although a Courtof law is competent to try it. But having done that, its power ceases.ndthe parties must be left to their remedy-at law upon the elegitr; arid .im the case of Wilders vs. Chambliss, administratrix, And hois )o Munford, 432, the Court of appeals of Virginia affirmed a'decree of Chancellor Taylor, dismissing the bill of the judgment creditor tpon
the giound that the elegit was the remedy; it appearing in that case
VoL. XIII.-'2 R

SUPREME COURT.
[Burton vs. Smith et a.]
that the profits of the land ,vould in a reasonable time discharge the debt. Here is a decision upon the point when the debtor was alive, and another when the debtor was dead, concurring in both cases; the claim resting upon an obligation which bound the heirs. It will be shown presently that the latest Virginia decisions concur with that last cited; at least in this, that the land should not be sold when the rents and profits will in a reasonable time discharge the debt.
Looking to the reason of the thing, it may well be asked upon what ground it is that a Court of equity should deny itself the power to sell the land when the debtor lives; and yet as soon as he dies and his children have become more helpless, and therefore entitled to the care of the Court; it shall assume the power to sell the lands to satisfy the very same debt. There is no reason for it, unless in a case in which the obligation binds the heir; and then, as the heir is chargeable to the whole extent of assets descended, the Court of equity may, without much stretching its power, order the sale. It -is believed that the power has resulted from confounding the power to redeem prior incumbrances, and the prabtice in marshalling assets and securities, whereby an entirely new power has been made; not justified by the first head, as-the authorities cited show, and not justified by the latter, as will be seen by consulting any wo 'k upon the subject, as the latest and most luminous of which, Story's Equity, titles Marshalling Assets, and Marshalling Securities,'is referred to. The practice of selling when the obligation binds the heirs, if it be esta blished, cannot furnish authority for selling in a case likfe that before the Court, because the'judgment does not bind the heir. Stileman vs. Ashdown, 2 Atkyns, 477. Nor can any authority be derived from the other heads; because in those cases there must be two securities, and two funds. Here there was but one fund and one security, and nothing therefore to marshall, i. e. to array and arrange, so as to promote justice and equity.
I It is thpught, however, that the Court will find in most, if not all the cases in which decrees for sales have been made, that the case came into Court under the power to redeem, as in Stileman vs. Ashdown, or to marshall, or upon claims binding the heirs in some form. In this case not one of these qualities exists. There is nothing to redeem ; if there is, the plaintiff does not ask that privilege: there is no fraud, alleged; there is nothing to marshall; and the claim was originally on a simpld contract, and therefore did not bind the heirs; and the judgment does not bind the heirs. The case then presents ,these peculiarities. One man has a simhple contract claim against another: he sues him, and obtains judgment. If he pleases he may extend his lands, but he cannot sell them: he'extends them, and the debtor dies, and by that event a power is conferred to sell the
Jand, although the reason against selling may be and generally is stronger after the-death of the ancestor than before. To the heirit mayr be a ma.ftter-1 great i.portance to be enabled to. pay-The -debt offy the gatuil process, or at least b5 keep it out of the market, where it mYlhe 'sacrificed af a sheriff's sale until fi can acquire

JANUARY TtRM, 1839.

471

[Burton vs. Smith et al
the means to prevent the sacrifice. How is it that the death of the father shall confer the power to do 'that which could not be done
while the father lived? Why should, it be so? IIf it be said that here the elegit was not actually' levied in-the lifetime of the debtor; that only weakens, if it affects at all the case. 'Then the case' stands thus,: the land descend, to the heir, and comes into"his possession; the creditor pursues with a claim which does not bind the heir, and which if carried to its utmost extreme, could only take possession for a limited timiw of a moiety of the, land ; the heir is ready to yield the land to the whole extent to -which it was liable in the lifetime of the ancestor, and yet he isto be pold this shall not be: he must pay immediately the debt for which he is not bound, and for the satisfaction of which not even- the other moiety of the land could be touched; for which in the lifetime of his ancestor no foot of thd land could have been sold, or the entire rnoiety must be sold. Whence the right thus, to abridge the right of the heir ? L2et it be
supposed that the profits of the land would in three years pay off the debt, and the property is of that description which at a forcedt sale is almost invariably sacrificed, and such is emphatically coal property; whence is derived the power to doom him to this saniice, and put his property into the possession of his creditor, perhaps
at half its' value ? Where is the .justice and equity of the proceeding ?' Many other illustrations might be given, but the limits of a Written argument' forbid it.
Thus far the question as affecting the heir has been discussed-, but the case is really against a fair purchaser, who is liable only, and can be proceeded against as terre tenant. Is there a ease in which the power of the creditor has been enlarged as against him? Upon what ground is it that he shall be doomed to a sacrifice of thai property for which he has fairly paid;" and which, in the hands of the man from whom he purchased it, would not have been liable to such sacrifice? Is it not enough, in .such a.case, that tht creditormay pay himself by the use of the property ? With him' there is no privity, no liability, not strictly legal; the purchase of the land may have deprived him of the means to redeem; and it may be that the land will soon pay the debt. Could his land have been sold in the lifetime of the vendor? Clearly not, as it could not be, sold in the hands of the vendee. How. can the subsequent death of the vendor go operate upon the vendee, as to make that property liable to 6ale after.the death, which was not' liable before ? There can be no pretext of redeeming, nor of marshalling either assets or
securities; for the land, at the death of the vendor was vio Dart of
his estate. No reason is seen, and no authority i# 3mnown. for ii, in a case like the present,.
111. 'If the appellees had a lght to come int0" a tourt of equity, it was begjuse of a valid lien (which 'is denied,) that could not be enforced at law; and,in that case, they were entitled to an accfount on y of the rents and profits accruing, and the appliiation of them
to the payment of the debt.

472

SUPREME. COURT

[Burton vs. Smith efal.]
In Coutts vs. Walker;,2 Leigh's Reports, 268, land was settled to the use of the grantor and his wife while they lived-to pay the wife'an annuity'if she survived; and, at her death, to be divided among the-children of thie granftor. The wife survived; and during ner life judgments weve'rendered against one of the sons. The judgment creditor ffilheis bill to subject the son's interest; and the Court of Chancery decreed a sale of it, subject to the rights of the widow, as in this case. The Court of appeals reversed the decree, and directed an account of profits: deciding that the plaintiff was not entitled to a sale, but must be paid out of the profits.
In tle case before the Court, the agreement with Mrs. Burton places the property, as to the debtor, just where the settlement in
Coutt's case did: subject to the annuity, he was entitled to his share of the profits and the reversion in fee. The case seems to be in point directly. In a later case, Tennant's heirs vs. Patton, 6 Leigh, -196, the same Court reversed a decree for sale; and decided, thaX where the rents and profits would in a reasonable time pay the debt, it must be paid frotis them. And in tlie case of Mann vs. Flynn, recently decided, (the opinion, pronounced by Judge Stanard,)
the same Court affirm the case in 6 Leigb. The manuscript opinion
is now oflired to the Court, by the favour of Mr. Leigh. The case of the United States v. Morrison et al., in this Court,
has been relied upon. That case was ruled chiefly upon authority of Colemanvs. Cocke et al., 6 Randolph. Now, it so happens that
in Coleman vs. Cocke, the question was not raised as appears by the case; and Judge Green, moreov er, expressly so- declares in Blow
vs. Maynard, 2 Leigh, 29. IV. It is insisted that the appellees, having made no objection to
the deed of trust althbugh two years elapsed after it was made, and
before itwas acted upon; and taken no step to prevent the sale, are to be presumed to have acquiesced in it: 'and by their laches, have lost the right to impeach the sale; especially as nearly five years
more-elapsed after the sale before any move was made. The trustee is the agent of the grantor and cestui que trust; and if any wrong has been done, it has been by their agent; and to him the appellees should look.
V. An account of the administration of Reuben Burton's estate
should have been ordered, whereby the appellant might have shown :apersonal fund adequate to the payment of the debt.
VI. An account of the rents and profits of the coal property should
lnave been ordered; and the surplfs, after paying the annuity, applied to the payment of this debt, if it was to be paid from the land
in any form. VII. Th widow and heirs of Daniel Burton should have been
parties to this suit; the widow at least. VlIL The judgment was dead and inoperative when the decree
was 'rendered.; and no deeree should have been rendered upon it
until it was revived, if it could be. If it could not be, then no deore could be founded on it.

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

473

(Burton vs. Smith et al.]
For the foregoing reasons, it is asked that the decree of the Circuit Court may be reversed, and the bill dismissed ; or, if that may not be, that it be reversed and modified according to the views, herein submitted.

In reply to -the argument for the appellees, the counsel for tho appellants said; the cases relied upon are cases binding the heirs; and the question was, what constituted assets under the plea of "Reins per descent." In such cases, the heir who inherits a valuable reversion cannot make the plea; the reversion is ,asets in hisi hands. This is emphatically the case in Tindales vs. Ware, 4 Eng. Condensed Chancery Report. But, it is repeated, that when the right of the creditor depends upon the power of the elegit, a dry .reversion is not liable, because it cannot be extended. It is believed,
with due submission, that no such case can be found. How can you extend, at a yearly rent, that which, by the terms of the proposition has no yearly value? What would be the condition of the creditor, whose debt was annually wasting away by the - use of a thing which was not susceptible of use? Who was accountinmg annually for the profit of that which could not yield profit?

Mr. Robinson for the appellees. In the Court below, the statute of Virginia was relied on which

declares that no action of debt shall be brought against any executor,

or administrator, upon a judgment obtained against his testator, or intestate, nor shall any scire facias be-issued agairst any executor, or administrator, to revive such judgment after the expiration of

five years from the qualification of his executor, or administrator.

1 R. C. p. 492, § 17. A single answer to this objection will suffice. The qualification of Reuben Burton's administrator, was on the 9th

of December, 1829. This puit was brought the 15th of Septem-

ber, 1834. It was, therefore, brought before the expiration of five

years from the qualification; and the statute does not apply. 'This

beiug the case, it is unnecessary to urge upon the Court the conside-

rations which forbid such a defence in equity by a purchaser under

a deed of trust, which mentions the judgment, and acknowledges the

debt to be due. The judgment remaining in full force, the question then is, how

far it operates as a lien upon the real estate of the judgment debtor. The writ of elegit given by the statute of Westm. 2, has always.

been in use in Virginia. Every person recovering any debt,

damages, or costs, may sue out this writ to charge a moiety of all. the lands and tenements whereof the debtor was seised at the day

of obtaining the judgment, or at any time afterwards. 1 R. C. 52&

Some years before the judgment, Daniel -Burton the father of

Reuben Burton died intestate, leaving Sarah Burton, his widow,

and the following children as hisheirs, to wit: Thomas, a child by

the said Sarah; and Susan, Mary, Reuben, Rebecca, and William,

2i 2

60

414

SUPREME COURT.

[Burton vs. Smith t al.]

by a former marriage. Rebecca afterwards died intestate,,and un-
married, leaving her brothers and sisters as her heirs. As heirs of
Daniel Burton, his two sons, Reuben and William, were each -entitled to a sixth part of his real estate; and as heirs of Rebecca, they were each -entitled to two-ninths of her ieal estate. Reuben Burton acquired, by purchase the' whole interest of Willhm, as heir of Daniel Burton, and also as heir- of Rebecca; and in this .way, his share of the real estate of Daniel Burton (taking into account the
part of William and the part of Rebecca) was tWo-sixths and fourninths of another sixthbeing rather more than two-fifths.
By the terms of the agreement relied on in the defence, the heirs of
Daniel Burton were to have during the widow's life the right ofoccupying, using, and working the coal pits,and also the right and power of sinking shafts and searching for coals on any part of the tract of land attached thereto, except the yard, houses, and gardens; and also the right and privilege of cutting and taking on any part of the tract,
all necessary timber and wood for the use and management of the coal pits, opened, or tojbe opened, paying to the widow,during her life, a yearly sum of $200 for her dower interest. It has been objected that Reuben Burton's interest in this part of the subject could not
be charged; because the subject was not exclusively his. Thisobjec-
tion can Present no difficulty. Th6 judgment is -clearly a lien upon a moiety of all the lands or tenements of which the debtor is seised. The estate in lands or tenements of a joint tenant, or tenant in common, is charged by judgment against such joint tenant, or tenant in common, as much as any other interest in real estate. It has long been so settled.. In Viner's Abr. tit. Execution, let. N. pl. 25, vol. x. p. 549, it is laid down, that "if there are two joint tenants, and one makes a statute, and. afterwards joins with his companion in a
feoffment of the land, the moiety of the land may be extended upon this sgatute." As it may be extended upon a statute, it may likewLe be extended upon a judgment. See Gilbert on Executions,
I,T4h2e. question applicable to the tract generally, with the exception
of the interest just mentioned,. s, whether a judgment -against a debtor who has a reversion in fee'expectant, upon an estate for life, creates a lien upon such reversion. It was upon this part of the case that the other side relied principally in the Court below.
We were told that a rent seck was not extendible; and from this
it was attempted to deduce the conclusion, that a reversion after an estate for life (a dry reversion as it was called) could not be extended.
The case in which it was decided that a rent seek could not be extended, was that of Walsal vs. Heath, Cro. Eliz. 656. The action
was replevin. The avowry was, that J. S. seised of lands for the life of Sibyl his wire in right of his wife, the reversion in fee to the baron; he and his feme made a lease for years, reserving R4 rent p.er annum. The baron being indebted by obligation niade the

JANUARY TERM, 1889.

475

(Burton vs.Smith et al.]
said Sibyl his wife, executrix. The debtor brings debt against her, by the name of Isabel, and recovered; and upon a Writ of fieri facias a devastavit was returned, and thereupon an elegit awarded, and the sheriff returned that Isabel had 44 rent issuing out of that land, upon a demise made by her and her husband, and delivers the moiety of that rent, and thereupon he avows for the same, and it was thereupon demurred and adjudged ill for three causes. First, because a lease for years by baron and feme, without deed, is void against the feme. Secondly, the recovery against Isabel is void against Sibyl; and the sheriff cannot extend her land. Thirdly, the sheriff delifiering the rent without land, so as there is not any reversion,'it is but a rent seck; and a bare rent cannot be delivered, ut liberum tene. mentum.
This case does not at all go to show that a reversion in fee is )lot charged'by a judgment.
It would be very remarkable if the judgment should create no lien upon a reversion, when such reversion is liable to a mere bond
creditor of the ancestor. For it has long, been adjudged that upoi. an obligation of the ancestor, binding himself and his heirs, the heir may be charged in respect to any estate of freehold which has descended upon him. A reversion in fee, expectant on a term of years, is regarded as assets in the hands of the heir; although the term be to continue five hundred years; as was the case in Smith vs. Angell, 2 Ld. Raym. 733, A reversion in fee expectant on an estate for life, is also assets; notwithstanding the life estate be still continuing. Rooke vs. Clealand, I Lutw. 303. 1 Ld. Raym. 53. Vin. Abr. tit. Execution, M. pl. 7. 15. If the party seised of the reversion, devise it for any other purpose than the payment of debts, the devise is void as to specialty creditors; and the creditor may maintain an action on the specialty against the devisees as well as the heirs, and charge them in respect to the reversion. Stat. of
W. & M. enacted in Virginia in 1789; 1 R. C.,391, 392. And if any heir or devisee, so liable, shall before action brought alien the estate descended to him, he will be liable for the value of the land so aliened. Ibid.
. The inquiry then presents itself, whether a creditor who has ob-
tained a judgment against a debtor in his life time, is worse off, in respect to this malter, than a creditor by specialty merely.
In the case of Coke vs. Barnsley, Brownl. P84, w'here the question was, whether land held in ancient demesne was extendible, the'
judges held thatit was: saying, "for otherwise, if it should not be
extendible, there would be a failure of justice, which the law doth
not allow of." There would be an equal failure of justice, if a re-
version in fee were not liable to a judgmont creditor. It is well
settled that if a man lease for a year, rend6ring rent, the reversion
may be extended upon an elegit during the'lease, and the tenant by
elegit shall have a moiety of the rent. Sir Thomas Campbell's case,
I Rolle's Abr. 894, pl. 5. It is also settled, that if there be tenant

476

SUPREME COURT.

(Burton V8.Smith et al]
for life, the reversion in fee, and he in reversion 'acknowledges a statute, and then grants the reversion, and then tenant for life' dies, this land shall be extended upon the statute. 2 Rolle's Abr. part 2, p. 473, let. Q. This proves that a statute creates a lien upon a reversion expectant upon an estate for life, though the life estate be
still continuing. The lien upon a reversion created by a judgment, is eqtual to that
of a statute. It was so decided by Lord Hardwicke, in Gifford vs. Barber, 4 Vin. Abr. tit. Charge, letter A, pl. 17, p. 451. There the -judgment debtor had a reversion'after an estate tail. The estate tail having terminated, and the reversion coming into possession of the heir of the judgment debtor, the question was, whether the j udgment created a lien upon it. The chancellor held that a person
having an estate of,inheritance subject to intermediate estates, might grant, charge, or encumber the reversion as he should see fit; and might encuniber itby judgment as well as in any other
manner. Thewhole law upon the subject is laid down with great clear-
ness in Gilbert on Executions, 38, 39. He says,"' Th6 judgment binds not only the lands aid tenements of which the defendant is actually seised, but also the reversions on leases for lives as well as for years. For though the words of the elegit are, ' a moiety of all the lands and tenements of which the said A. was seized,' &c.,
yet the intent of the writ extends to whatever lands and tenemeTits were actually vested in the. defendant; because the statute is a moiety of the lands, which .extends to reversions, which are comprised under the name of lands, since they are lands returning to the defendant when the particular estate ceases;-,and, therefore, though this was formerly disputed, the latter resolutions have settled the law to be as we have already mentioned,."
The law is laid down in the same way by Sir Henry Gwillim, in a volume, which he prepared before hig death, of the last edition of Bacon's Abridgment. See tit. Execution, let. C.'vol. iii. p. 381, of Lond. ed. of 1832. And in the late case of'Harris vs. Pugh, 4 Bing. 335, 13 Eng. Com. Law Rep. 459, it is expressly_ stated by the
Court, that if the estate of the debtor in the reversion had been a legal, instead of an equitable estate, the judgment would have bound it, and overreached the subsequent conveyance.
The judgment being a-lien uon the property, that lien, clearly operates against the alienees of the debtor United States, vs. Morrisen, &c. 4 Peters, 124. Watts vs. Kinney, &c. 3 Leigh, 272,.
If there were any difficulty in taking the reversion'of the debtor
in execution at law, it would, upon the general principles ofa Court of equity, still be bound in equity: and theLeliiegnh,e2n6fo8r.ced against the debtor's alienees. Coutts vs. Walker,
In this case, the reason for enforcing the lien against the alienee
is stronger than usual; for here, the property subject to the lien was purchased with full knowledg.e of the judgment,.and knowledge asa that the'debt was still ,due

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

477

[flirton vs. Smith et al.]
The trustees in the deed of trust could, certainly, not object to the Court's decreeing a sale of the property subject to the lien. For -they, by the terms of the deed of trust were to sell at all' events, See Mutual Ass. Society~vs. Stanard, &c. 4 Munf. 538. Neither can any one claiming under the trust make that objection. It might indebd'have been seriously contended, upon the authority of the case just cited, that the decree should have been for the sale of the whole property, instead of a moiety'merely. But such a decree would no doubt have been objected to on the other side, and the objection has been carefully avoided. The decree in this case merely directs a sale of the land, so far as the creditor has a lien upon it.
That equity will, at the suit of the creditor, after the death of the judgment debtor, accelerate the payment by directing a sale of the moiety; and not qoinpel the judgment creditor to wait till he has been paid out of the rents and profits, was' settled in Stiloman vs. Ashdown, 2 Atk. 608, Amb. 13, and has been acted on in a great number of cases. Galton vs, Hancock, 2 Atk. 433. O'Gorman vs. Comyn, 2 Sch. & Lef. 137. O'Fallon vs. Dillon, ibid. 13. Countess of Warwick vs. Edwards, 1 Dick. 51. In Virginia the principle has been recognised in Blow vs. Maynard, 2 Leigh, 57. 66.
No portion of a -debtor's real estate is exonerated from his creditors, or exempted from being sold, because it yields -nothing annually.
In Robinson, &c. vs. Tong, 2 Str. 879. 3 P. Wins. 401, where the question related to an advowson which had descended upon the heir, to wit, a right of presentation to a church; and the objection was taken that it yielded nothing; it was answered that it might be madb available by sale. Lord Hardwicke decided the same way in Westfaling vs. Westfaling. 3.Atk. 460. Not only was the advowson decided to 'be real assets, and directed to. be sold; but it was decreed that the money should be paid to judgment creditors according, to the priority of their judgments, and then equally to bond creditors. Tong, &c. vs, Robinson, 1 Brown's Par. Cas. p. 114 of Tomlin's edition.
In the case of a reversion, where it is impracticable to obtain a discharge of the debt by any application of rents and profits; and where the only way of making the reversion available in any reasonable time is by sale; there is every reason for decreeing a sale. This subject has been fully considered, and the propriety of a sale decided in Tyndale vs. Warre, Jacob's Reports, 212. 4 Cond. Eng. Ch. Rep. 10o.

Mr. Justice BARBOUR delivered the opinion of the Court. This is an appeal from a decree of the Circuit Court, for the fifth circuit, and eastern district of Virginia. The case was this:
In the month of June, 1827, smith and Kennedy obtained a judgment in the Circuit Court against Reuben Burton, for $1348 75, with interest from the 14th October, 1823, and costs. On this judg-

478

SUPREME COURT.

IBurton vs. Smith et al.) ment, an elegit was issued on the 31st of December, 1827. On the 12th of August, in the same year, Reuben Bur:ton, by deed conveyed his-real estate to certain trustees, in. trust, to sell the same for the benefit of his creditors; amongst many other debts enumerated in the deed, the judgment already mentioned, recovered by Smith and Kennedy, was included.
These last mentioned creditors, the appellees, never assented to, or accepted any thing- under the trust deed. -Burton having died, the only trustee who accepted the trust, on the 21st of. December, 1829, sold, under the deed, all the estate, 'both real and personal conveyed by it; and at that sale" Sarah Burton by her agent, purchased,,at the price of $oqo, the interest of Reuben Burton, that is, two-fifth parts in a certain 'tract of' land called Springfield, supposed to contain about.five hundred acres, and also his inteirest in certain coal pits on the same tract. The character of Reuben Burton's interest in the Springfield tract of land, as appears. from the record, was that of a reversion in fee, after an estate for life. And the character of his interest in the coal pits, as appears from an agreement in the record, was this:'-The heirs of Daniel Burton, of whom Reuben was one, were to have, during- the" widows life, the right of occupying, using, and, working the coal pits, and the right and Power of.sinking shafts, and searching for coal onf any part of the land, except the yard, &c.; paying to the widow, during her life, the yearly sum of $200, for her dower interest. The same agreement will show his interest in a mineral spring, also -included in the decree.
After the death of Reuben Burton, the appellees, finding that there was no personal estate to satisfy their debt, in September, 1834, filed their bill to enforce the lien created by their judgment; making, amongst others, Sarah Burton a defendant, as purchaser of the interest of Reuben Burton, before described, in the Springfield tract of land, and coal pits.
She answered, saying that the property conveyed to her was not purchased for her own benefit, but for the benefit of her son, Thomas 0. Burton, the appellant. She insisted, in her answer, that the appellees had no right to enforce their judgment, as more than five years had elapsed since the death of Reuben Burton; she denied that the judgment created any lien on the property purchased by her which was valid against her; she insisted that the appellees wete entitted to no relief in equity; and that at all events, a sale should not-Y' decreed.
An amended bill was thereupon filed, making Thomas 0. Burton a defendant. He filed an answer, insisting upon the grounds taken by Sarah Burton.
The cause coming on to be heard, the Court held the reversionary interest of Reuben Burton in the Springfield tract of land, and his interest in the right-of occupying and working the coal pits thereon, and alsohi§ 4iterest in the mineral spring thereon, with the twentyfiveacreb of land adjoining thereto, liable to the appellees' judgment ;

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

479

[Button v8. Smith et al.]
and decreed a moiety of Reuben Burton's interest to be sold. Fron thaUt pdoencretehisthisstaatpepeoafl fiascttsa,ketwn.o questions! arise:. 1st. Whether the judgment created a lien on the reversionary interest of Reuben Burton in the land in question? And, 2d. Whether it was competent to the Court to decree a sale of his interest, with a view to accelerate the payment of the debt; or whethe'r the appellees should
have been left to such remedy as they had at law?
As to the first point. In relation to lAnd1 of which the debtor has the actual seisin; there is no doubt but that the judgment creates a lien. Upon this subject, this Court said, in the case of the United States vs. Morrison and others, 4 Peters, 124, there is no statute in Virginia which expressly makes a judgment, a lien upon the lands of the debtor. As in England, the lien is the consequence of a right to take out an elegit. During the existence of this right, the lien is universally acknowledged. That right unquestionably existed in this case; because an elegit did actually issue within the year after
the judgment was rendered. 'There would then be no sort of difficulty upon the question of a lien, if the debtor had had actual seisin of the land; but the difficulty is suggested that his interest was reversionary only. Let us inquire whether this interposes any obstacle. All the authorities, ancient and moden, agree in this proposition that a reversion after an estate for life is assets; or as some of the books express it, quasi assets, in tht hands of, the heir, in regard to the bond of his ancestor, binding heirs; and that in such case, the pla'"iff may take judgment of it, quando acciderit. Dyer, 373. Carthew, 129. 1 Lord Ray. 53. Chitty on. Descenits, 336. In Dyer, ubi supra, the form of the judgment in such case is given. It is, "that he should recover the debt and damages of the aforesaid reversion, to be levied when it shall fall in." And it is added, that a special writ shall issue to extend the whole. The doctrine upOIo this subject is laid down very clearly by the Master of the Rolls, in the case of Tyndale vs. Warre, 3 Jacob. 217, 218. There are,'says he, three cases of reversions; if it be a reversion dependant upon a term of years, the law does not consider the term as any thing, and judgment is given against the heirs, if he plead reins per descent. But if the creditor take out an elegit, he is stopped by the term, 'which is a good defence for the lessee in ejectment, and so there is a cesset executio during the term. - If it be a reversion after an estate for life, the heir must plead specially, stating that he has no assets except this, and setting forth what it is ; the creditor may then take judgment quando acciderit. In the case of a reversion after an estate tail, the authorities say, that the heir may plead, generally,
reins per descent, distinguishing this from the plea in the case of a reversion after an estate for life. The plaintiff may then reply, that there is this reversion descended to the defendant; and he may then have a judgment quando acciderit, the same as in the case of a re-
version after an estate for life

SUPREME COURT.
[Burton vs. Smith 6t al.]
Now, upon principle, it would seem to be clear, that whatever estate descended to the heir, which was liable as assets to the bond debt of the ancestor, must be bound by a judgment obtained against
the ancestor in his lifetime. But this is not left to rest upon deductions frbm general principles,
or- analogy to the case of assets descended to the heir. Whatever may be the doctrine as to reversions after estates tail, about which there has been some doubt, as appears from the case before cited, from Jacob's Reports; there is a current of authority going to prove that a reversion after an estate for life, is bound by a judgment against the ancestor from whom it immediately descends.
The statute of Virginia giying to a party the right, at his election, to have an elegit, is almost a transcript of the statute of Westminster the second. The writ itself commands the officer to delrver to the plaintiff a moiety of all the lands and tenements, whereof the debtor, at the time of obtaining the judgment was seised, or at any time afterwards.'
Lands and tenements, then, are the subject . on which the writ is to operate.
Nowj in Comyn's Digest, title Grant, E. 2, it is said, that by. grant of all lands and tenements, a reversion passes. In the same book, title Estate, B. 12, it is said: If a man grant the land itself the reversion passes. So in Moore's Reports, 36, a .reversion is said to be a tenement. Thus it appears that a reversion falls within each of the terms, lands, and tenements. But the party must have been setsed at the time of obtaining the judgment, or afterwards.
Now let us see what is meant by the seisin spoken of in the statute. And-the authorities are clear that it is not confined to actual corporeal. possession. In Gilbert on Executions, pages 38 and 39, it is said, that the judgment-binds not only the lands and tenements of which the defelidant- is actually seised, but also the reversioiis on leases for lives, as well as for years; for although the words of the elegit are, that without delay you cause to be delivered a moiety of all the lands and tenements of which the aforesaid B. was seised; &c., yet the intent of the writ extends to whatever lands and tenements were actually vested in the defendant: because the statute is, a moiety of the land, which extends to reversions, which are comprised under the name lands, since they are lands returning to the defendant when the particular estate ceases.
So in 2 Williams' Saun. 68, f it is said: Jtidgment binds not onlsr lands of .which defendant is actually seised, but also reversions on 'leases for lives or years; and, therefore, a moiety of a reversion may be extended, and plaintiff will have a moiety of the rent. So in Chitty on Descents, 338, it is said, That if judgment be had in the
debtor's lifetime, it will bind the property,- though no execution be taken oui till the property descends to others. Nay, in case of a judgmeit, it is said to bind, even where it is against a person from whom the estate does not immediately descend, as if it-were against

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

481

[Burton va. Smith et al.]
a remainderman or reversioner; whereas, the contrary would be the case of a bond on which no judgment had been rendered in the-
debtor's lifetime, who stood in the same relation. . The author last cited, in page 54, quoting Watkins on Descents, 40, 41., speaking of the subject of seisin of reversions, remarks, that the confusion seems to have been created by the different meanings which have been attached to the word "seisin ;" by being used in a general sense when it should properly have been confined in its acceptation; or by being confined when it should have been taken in a general sense. And in pages 53, 54, he thus sums up the doctrine. We must hero remember that the expressions or terms of a seisin in law and a'seisin in deed, refer only to the present and actual'corporeal possession of the premises; and not to the fixture of an interest which is to come into actual enjoyment in some future event: and here the word "'seisin" is used in its strict sense; and though we frequently use the term ,seisin" of a remainder or reversion expectant upon a freehold, yet this signifies no more than that the property in them is fixed in the owner, and that such owner is placed in the tenancy. The particular estates, and those expectant upon them, form in law only one estate ; and the delivery of possession to the person taking first extends to all. All therefore may be said to be seised, all being placed in the tenancy, and the pro. perty being thus fixed in all. It is upon these principles that the authorities lay down the doctrine, that a judgment binds a reversion
after an estate for life. We are therefore satisfied that the judgment of the appellees bound
the reversionary interest in the land in question ; and as to the other property embraced in the decree, there is no room for doubt or difficulty. And then the question is, whether the Court ought to have
decreed a sale, with a view to accelerate the payment of the debt; or whether the appellees should 'have been left to such remedy as they had at law ? Upon th6 subject of the power of a Court of
equity in this respect, the authorities are decisive. More than a cen-
tury ago, in the case of 'Robinson vs. Tong, 3 Viner's Abr. Assets
A, p1. 28, p. 145, an advowso' was decreed to be sold, at the instance Of creditors, as assets descended; and the decree was affirmed in the House of Lords. That is supposed to have been the case not of judgment, but bond creditors. In Stileman vs. Ashdown, 2 Atk..607, Lord Hardwicke decreed a sale of a moiety of the land to satisfy'a judgment creditor. He oonfiied the decree toa moiety, because the judgment only bound a moiety at law. On that occa-1 sion he said, that whilst equity could not change the rights of the parties, it might accelerate the payment by directing the sale of a moiety, and not let the credito, wait until he was paid out of the rents and profits. The principle was :asserted by Lord Redesdale in 2 Sch. and Lef. 138, and in the same book, 13; and such he stated to be the settled doctrine in,Ireland. In the first of these cases he said: "Although this-Court has been in'the habit of selling to pay judgment, debts, where it was ascertained that they were legal
VOL. XIII.-2 S

482

SUPREME COURT.

(Burton w. Smith et at.]
liens- on,'the land, the foundation of that was the legal right. The only equity the creditor had, was, to render his remedy more effectual by getting a sale, instead of levying his debt out of rents and
profits, which was the, only execution the common law gave. These cases are cited and relied upon, and the doctrine of them
approved, in 2 Leigh, 30; and in page 58 of that volume, Judge Green" says: ,This principle, so far as I am informed, has been uniformly practised on in Virginia, in 'the cases of heirs bound by
the obligations of their ancestors. -And although I cannot see clearly the foundation of this equity to sell, where thelaw only authorizes an extent, or a personal judgment, or decree against the
heir for the value of the assets descended, whether aliened by him or not, (see the statute of fraudulent devises ;) yet I think we are
bound by the practibe founded on these precedents, so long acquiesced in." In 6.Leigh, 196, which was a suit in equity brought by creditors to marshal assets, the same authorities were again cited with approbation, and the same doctrine reasserted by the judges, in their reasoning upon the case: In pages 219, 220,-of'this latter case, Judge Carr went into a review of English cases, which he said seemed to him to establish beyond question, the regular and long established course there, of selling-the lands of deceased persons to pay their debts, binding the land, or to marshal their assets: and he added, that it struck him as a novelty when, in the course of the argument of the case, 'he heard a doubt suggested of the power of the Court to decree a sale in such cases In the: case of Tyndale vs. Warre, 3 Jacob, 21 , this subject was extensively considered by Sir Thomas Plumer, Master of the Rolls; who held, in that case, a reversion expectant upon an estate for life, and even upon estates tail, limited to unborn children, to be assets for the payment of specialty debts; and accordingly he 'decreed it to be* sold for that purpose.
Thisjast has a peculiar analogy to, and bearing upon the case before us; because it sustains in the fullest and most decisive manner both the grounds on which the decree of the Circuit Court rests: that is, it proves first, that a reversion after al.. estate for life, or even after estates tail limited to unborn children,is assets, liable to the specialty debt, and,of necessary-consequence, to the judgment of the ancestor from whom it immediately descends; and, secondly, that a Court of equity will decree such a reversion to be sold, in order to accelerate the payment of the debt. The liability of a reversion after a life estate to be sold, was at once conceded by the counsel for the heir:. their effoi twas to maintain that the reversion in that case could not be sold, because it was after
an estate tail. It was strongly said by the Master of the Rolls in that case, that the reversion was a part of the real estate .of the ancestor; and according to all general principles, every part of the real estate of the debtor, except copyhold, is considered as applicable to the payment of his specialty debts. There is hmother part of the reason-
ing of the Master, of the Rolls, which has a most cogent application to this. It having being urged-that a sale ought not to be decreed, out of consideration to the heir, that'a higher price might be ob-

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

483

[,Burton vmSmith et al.]
tained; he said: "But I think that such considerations ought not to weigh, for the question is, to whom does the property belong ? It
is not the habit of the Court to consider the interest of the heir, when
opposed to that of the creditors. They ought to have the fullest remedy. And upon what principle can the Court refuse to give them
the benefit of a sale, because another person, whose interest is secondary, and entirely subject to theirs, may be benefited by delay?" So far from its being proper for a Court to hesitate about
decreeing the sale of an interest bwcause it is reversionary, we think that the characterof the interest affords a stronger reason. For in regard to property in present actual possession, the elegit,.although a tardy remedy in its operations, yet. is in some degree an effective remedy; inasmuch as the creditor will by that means'annually receive something towards his debt: whereas in the case of a dry reversion, as the one in the present case is, if the outstanding life estate should continue during half a century, the creditor might look on in hopeless despondency, without the possibility of receiving one cent. from that source, except through the interposition of a Court of equity, in decreeing a sale. -Now if the acceleration of a tardy remedy be cause enough to justify the helping hand of equity, a fortiori, it ought to be extended to him who during the life of the tenant for life is without any remedy at all. As to the objection, that the judgment did not bind the land in the hands of the appellant because he was a purchasei, we consider it wholly untenable,
We have already -said that the judgment created a lien: now it is of the very nature and essence of a lien, that no matter into whose hands the property goes, it passes cum onere; if this were not the case it would cease to be a lien. If this proposition stood in need of authority to support it, we(find it abundantly in the case of The United States vs. Morrison and others, 4 Peters, 124. In that case the judgment of the United States rendered in 1822, was held to overreach several deeds of'trust executed in 1823; although the United States having issued a fieri facias, whilst that execution was in the marshal's hatids, the agent of the treasury at the instance of' the defendants, instructed the marshal to forbear levying it on condition of the defendants' paying the costs; and accordingly the marshal did not make a levy, but made a return within the year 1822,. that all furtner proceedings were suspended in pursuance of said instructions; and that suspension was continued until the year 1825.
A very strong application of this'doctrine was made in the case of the Mutual Assurance Society vs. Stanard et al., 4 Munf2 539. In that case a deed of trust, bearing date 28th April, 1808, was held to be overreached by a judgment rendered on the 6th of)
May; the Court applying the legal fiction, that the judgment iWcontemplation of law related back to the commencement of the term,
which was before the execution of the deed. A still stronger application of the doctrine Was made by the same
Court, in the case of Coutts vs.Walker, 2 Leigh, 268. In that case
the Court held, that a judgment creditor had a lien in equity upon

484

SUPREME COURT

[Burton M.Smith et a.]
the equitable estate of the debtor, in like manner as he had a lien in law upon his legal estate; and a deed of trust having been executed by the debtor conveying his equitable estate to a trustee, and that too for the benefit of creditors between the commencement of the term, and the day on which the judgment was obtained ; the same relation of the j tdgments to the first day of theterm, as in the case preyiously cited, was held to exist; and thus the trust deed was overreached by the judgment.
It is argued that the judgment in this case was barred by the act of limitations of Virginia. That act provides, that no action of debt shall be brought against any executor or administrator upon a judgment obtained against his testator, or intestate, nor shall any scire facias be issued against any executor; or administrator, to revive such judgment, after the expiration of five years from the quaifi-
cation of his executor, or administrator. Thie facts in the'record furnish a decisive answer to this arument. It appears'from them, that the administration on Reuben Burton's 'estate was granted on
the 9th lof December, 1829 ; and this suit was brought on the 15th of September, i834. So that five years had not elapsed from the
time of the qualification of the administrator. This view renders it uniiecessary to examine whether the appel-
lees- would 'not have been' withint the saving of tho statute, as con-
tended for by their counsel. Fuithermore, it is objected that therg should have been an account
taken of the administration of Reuben Burton's personal estate.
Without stopping to inquire whether that would be necessary in any case,,where the suit is brought merely to enforce a legal lien; it is a sufficiefit answer to this objection to say-that there is undant evidence in the record, that there was no persoial estate: nothing, therefore, could have been more un.necessary or unprofitable than to have ordered an acc6unt to be taken.
The last objection is, that anIoaalcpcrooupnetrtsyh.ould have been ordered of the rents and profits of the
Here, too, the record furnishes a satisfactory answer. Assuming,
for the purpose of meeting this objection, that 'byanalogy to the case of marshaling assets, a Court of equity would not decree a, sale
of real estate to satisfy a judgment where the rents and profits would discharge it in a reasonable time, as was held by the. Court
in the case of Tennent's heirs vs. Patton, 2 Leigh, 196; yet the
facts of this case utterly repel the application of that principle to it. In that case, it-Will be seen that the debts of the ancestor were said by one of the judges to amount to $820, and the annual value of the land was ascertained to be $400.
In that case, therefore, the debt would be saisfied by the rents and profits in a short time. In tv-is case the facts are these. There was an outstanding life estate in all the Springfield tract of tand, except the coal pits and the mineral spring. Reuben Burton s inie-
x'est in the coal pits was two-fifths, in the privilege of working them
during the lifetime of the tenant-for life; she receiving annually two

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

48

[Burton m Smith et 9LI
hundred dollars for the whole. Reuben Burton's real interest, tterr,
is only twoifths of any surplus which might remain, after deducting two-fifths of the annual rent to be paid. But the parties themselves seem to have considered $200 per'annum as the full value of the whole privilege- of working them. -If the agreement of the parties were to be taken as the standard of the annual vbdue, his
interest would really be Worth nothing; -because he would have to. pay precisely the same proportion of the rent wihicli he received of the profits and it must be assumed, that they were worth more than the parties fixed as the value, in, order to make any surplua at all. But, at all events, there is .nothing in the case to justify the belief that there would-be any surplus that would discharge the judgment ina reasonable- time, or even in a long time: for, at the date of the decree, the whole debt, including principal, interest, and costs, amounted to about $2,500; and the principal being $1,349 75 .cents, there would be an annuallyaccruing interest of about $80, besides the annual payment of two-fifths of the $200, for rent, which would be $80 more. Thus it will appear that his interest of twofifths must produce $160 -annually, in order even to prevent the debt from being increased. To allow $160 for his two-fifths would require that the whole should be worth annually $400, which is
precisely double the sum at which the parties fixed the rent. This then seems to us to be, emphatically, a case in which the
established principles of equity justify the sale of the property, with a view to accelerate the payment of a debt due to a judgment
creditor. In every respect in which we have viewed the case, we think
that the decree of-the-Circuit Court is correct; and it is therefore affirmed, with costs.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record
from the Circuit Court of the United States for the eastern district of Virginia, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof,
it is adjudged and decreed by this Court that the'decree of the said Circuit- Court in this cause be, and the same. is hereby, affirmed with
costs.

2 S-2

:SUPREME COURT.
CAREY BAGNELL AND THE EXECUTORS OF MORGAIN BYRNE, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, Vs. GEORGE W. BRODERICK, DEFENDANT IN
ERROR.
The plaintiff in error had exhibited, in an action instituted against him in the Circuit Court of Missouri, evidence conducing to prove that a patent from the United States, under which the plaintiff in the ejectment, the defendant in error, claimed the land, had been im. properly granted by the government of the United States, and that the title to the land was in him. Held, that in an action at law the patent from the United States for part of the public lands is conclusive. If those who claim to hold the land against the patent cal show that it issued "byMistake, then tlA equity side of the Circuit Court is the proper forum; and a bill in Chancery is the proper remedy to invdstigate the equities of the parties.
Congress has the sole power to declare the dignity and effect of titles emanating from the United States; and the whole legislation of the government in reference to the public lands declares the patent to be'the superior and conclusive evidence of legal title. Until it issues thp fee is in the government; which by the patent passes to the grantee, and he is entitled to recover the possession in ejectment.
The practice of giving in evidence a special entry in aid of a patent, and dating the legal title from the date of the entry, is familiar in some of the states, and especially in Tennessee. Yet the entry can only come in aid of the legal title, and-is no evidence of such title standing alone, when opposed to a patent for the same land.
The presumption is that the judgment of the Circuit Court is proper, and it lies on the plaintiff in error to show the contrary.
When the title to the public land has passed out of the United States by conflicting patents, there can be no objection to the practice adopted by the Courts of a state to give effect to the better right, in any form of remedy the legislature or Courts of the state may prescribe.
No doubt is entertaifed of the power of the states to pass laws authorizing purchasers of lands from the United States to prosecute actions of ejectment upon certificates of purchase, against trespassers on the lands purchased; but it is denied that the states have any power to declare certificates of purchase of equal dignity with a patent. Congress alone can ,lve them such effect.
IN error to the Circlit Court of the United' States for the District of Missouri.
This was an action of ejectment for a tract of land in the state ofMissouri, instituted by Ge orge W. Broderick against Bagnell, the defendant, the tenant in possession; and in the progress of the cause, Morgan Byrne, the landlord, was made co-defendant, and he dying, his executors were substituted.
Other actions of ejectment. were at the same time instituted by George W: Broderick, for parts of the said 'tract in the possession of M'Cunie, and of Sampson; and the executors of Morgan Byrne became in the same manner co-defendants in the cases.. A verdict, in conformity to the opinion of the Circuit Court, having been given for the plaintiff in each of the cases, on the 10th of April, 1838, the defendants prosecuted writs of error to the Supreme Court ; bills of exceptions having been sealed by the Court.
The bills of exceptions show that on the trial of these cases the plaintiff below read in evidence a copy of the patent from the United States to John Robertson, Jr. dated 17th June, 1820, for the tract of land mentioned in the above statements, which, reciting that

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

47

[Bagnoll et al. vs. Broderick.)
John Robertson, Jr. had deposited in the general land office a certificate, numbered 192, of the recorder of land tides at St. Louis, Missouri; whereby it appeared that in pursuance of an act of Congress passed 17th February, 1815, entitled, "An act for the relief of the inhabitants of the late county of New Madrid, in the Missouri territory, who suffered by earthquakes," the said John Robertson, Jr. was confirmed in his claim for 640 acres of land, being survey No. 2810, and section 3P, township 5.0 north, and range 15 west of 5th principal meridian ; and the United States granted to John Robertson, Jr. in fee, the tract of land described above. Also a deed from John Robertson, Jr. to Augustus H. Evans, dated 16th November, 1830,conveying the same tract of land to the said Evaus in fee, expressly stipulating, however, against any warranty. Also a deed, from Augustus H. Evans to George W. Broderick, the plaintiff be, low, now defendant in error, dated 7th June, 18.30, conveying the same tract of land to the said Broderick in fee, and proved possession of the premises by the defendants below; at the commencement of the suits respectively, and here closed his testimony.
That the defendants below, now plaintiffs in error, read in evidence a transcript' of a notice to the recorder of land titles for the United States at St. Louis, taken from the records of the office of the recorder, given by John Robertson, Jr., whibh states that he claims
750 arpens of land in the Big Prairie, on the ground of inhabitation and cultivation, prior to and on 20th December, 1803, by and with the consent of the proper -Spanish officer.
Also a copy of proceedings had before the board of commissioners on l'nd claims, on the 11th July, 1811, taken from the minutes of the proceedings of the hoard for ascertaining and adjusting the titles and claims to lands, which shows that on 'the claim of John Robertson, Jr. for 750 arpens of land in the Big Prairie, the board granted to John Robertson, Jr: 200 arpens of land. Also a transcript of opinion, and report of the reco ,der of land titles of the United States at St. Louis, made 1st November, 1815, which, in connexion with act of Congress of 29th April, 1816, entitled, "An act for the confirmation of certain claims of land in the western district of the state of Louisiaiaa, and in the territory of Missouri," (see sec. 2 of this act,) shows that the confirmation of 200 arpens, parcel of the claim of John Robertson, Jr. for 750 arpens of land in the Big Prairie, made by the board of Commissioners aforesaid, was extended to 640 acres, and this quantity, 640 acres, was accordingly confirmed to him. Also a deed from John Robertson, Jr. to Edward Robertson, Sr. dated 29th May, 1809, conveyiag the said 750 arperis of land to the said Edward Robertson, Sr. in fee ; reciting in same conveyance that 330 arpen.s of the said 750 arpenshad been surveyed, and how; and specifying the manner of laying' off the residue, and authorizing the said Edward Robertson to apply for and receive from government or the proper authorities, a patent in his -own name for samie; and cove-
Eanting on behalf of himself and his heirs, to warrant the title
2..o.

438

SUPREME COURT,

[Bagnell et al.vs.Broderick.]
against all persons claiming under, through, or by the vendor. Also a deed from Edward Robertson, Sr. to Morgan Byrne, dated 30th October, 1813, .conveying to the said Byrne, in fee, 300 arpens of land out of a tract of land the head right of John Robertson, Jr. situated and being in the Big Prairie, bounding the part conveyed, parcel of the 750 arpens above described; and covenanting for himself and his heirs to warrant and defend the title against all claims whatever Also a deed from Edward Robertson, Sr. to Morgan Byrne, dated 11th September, 1816, conveying to the said Byrne in fee 250 arpens of land, part of the head right of John Robertson, Jr. of 7-50 arpens, situated in the Big Prairie, and containing a covenant fAolrsohiamcseolpfyanodf hdeeirds,fhtoomwaErdrawnatrtdheRtoitbleeratsgoani,nsStr.altlocWlaimllisamwhSahteevlbeyr.,

dated 29th October, 1816, conveying to the said Shelby in fee_ two
hundred arpens of land bounding the same, parcel of the head right of John Robertson, Jr., (and parcel of the 750 arpens above described,-) and containing a covenant of general warrantv. Also a copy of deed from William Shelby to Levi Grimes, datid 2d De-
cember, 1816, conveying to the said Grimes in fee the 200 arpens of land next above described, and containing a covenant of. general
warranty. Also a deed from Levi Grimes to Morgan Byrne, dated 26th
February, 1817, conveying to the said Byrne in-fee the 200 arpens of land next above described, and containing a special warranty.
The defendants also- produced in evidence an extract from re-
gistry of relinquishments, in bffice of recorder of land titles for'the United States at St. Louis, of lands materially injured by earthquakes, under the act of Congress of 17th February,. 1815; which shows that the confirmation aforesaid to John Robertson,- Jr. for 640 acres, situated in the Big Prairie, was relinquishedby Morgan Byrne, as the legal representative of John Robertson, Jr., and on sueh relinquishment the location certificate No: 448 issued.
Also a copy of certificate of location, dated September, 1818, and numbered 448, issued by recorder of land titles of United States at St. Louis, Which certifies that a tract of 640 acres of land situated in the Big Prairie was materially injured 6y earthquakes, and that in conformity with the provisions .ofthe act of Congress of 17th February, 1815, the said John Robertson, Jr., (reciting that he appears from the books of his office, recorder of land,titles of United States, to be
the owner,) or his legal representatives, was entitled to locate 640 acres of land on any of -the public lands, &e. 'Also a copy of thd location under the. foregoing ceritificate o location, made 8th Octo-
ber, 1818,. which shows that Morgan Byrne, as the legal representative of John" Robertson, Jr., entered and located 640 acres of land,, by virtue of. the certificate of location, commonly called a New
Madrid certificatV, issued.by the recorder of land titles of the United States at 'St. Louis, dated September, 1818, and nunbered 44$, so as. to.inclde.·.ctin INo. 32.t,o.wwhiD . 50- noth, range 15 '-wst of

JANUARY TERM, 1889.

499

[BagseIl'et al. vs. Droderick.)
5th principal meridian, (the same premises in dispute;) and here the defendants below closed their testimony.
The plaintiff below then read in evidence, a copy of notice by John Robertson, Jr., of claim for 330 arpens, and proceedings on same had before the board of commissioners of land claims, o 24th March, 1806, and 15th August, 1811, which show' that, John Robertson, Jr. filed a notice of claim for 330 arpens, situated in the district of New Madrid, under the second section of the cftof Congress of March, 1805, accompanied by q plat of survey of 330 arpens, made by, bne Joseph Story, at requeis of John Roberison, Jr., (as the same purports,) who, as the survey recites, claimed the same as part of' his settlement right, by virtue of the second section of theact of Con-
gress, of'March, 1805; that the board of commissioners on'the'24th March, 1806, grant to claimant 750 arpens, and, on the T'5th Allgust, 1811, reject the claim entirely, saying the claim' ought not to
be granted. Also, a transcript of'opinion, and report of the recorder of land titles of United States, at St. Louis, niadeist November,1815, which, in connexion with the act of Congress of 29th April, 1816, before referred to, shows that -the claim of John Robertson, for 330 arpens, was confirmed to him, and 330 arpens accordingly granted. Also, a copy of certificate of location in favour of John Robertson, Jr. or his legal representatives, dated 18th September, L818, and numbered 447, issued by the recorder of land titles 'or the United States, at St. Louis, 'which certifies that a tract ofr 330 arpens of land situated on lak6 St. Marie, had been materially injured by earthquakes, and that in conformity with the provisions of the'act of Congressl of 17th February,' 1815, the said John Robertson, Jr., reciting- that he appears from the books of his office, recorder of land titles of the United States, to be the- wner, or his legal representatives, was entitled io locate 330 arpens of land, &c.
The defendants below then read in evidence, an extract from Xegistry of -relinquishments, in the office of recorder of land titles of the' United States, at St. Louis, of lands materially injured by earthquakes,uiider the- act of Congress of 17th February, 1815, which showsthat the confirmation aforesaid, of 330 arpens to John Ro-
bertson, Jr., was.relinquished by James Tanner, as his lejal' representative, and. that on stch relinquishment the location certificate, No. 447, issued. Also, a certificate of the recorder of land 'titles aforesaid, that from entries made in the booksof his office of New Madrid location certificates issued, the certificate of .location .No,. 447, was delivered 'to one Jacoby, for James Tanner, and certificatj of location No. 448, was delivered to Morgan Byrne; and proved that the premises in dispute in each case, was of the value of three thousand dollars: which closed and was all the evidence given in the causes.
Upon the case made, the defendants below moved the Court to
instruct the jury as follows: 1. That the entry or No*w Madrid locatJion, made by Morgan

440

SIJPREME COURT.

[Bagnell et al. vs. Broderick.]
Byrne in his own name, as given in evidence in these cases, is proof of legal title to the land; and is a sufficient defence against all persons who do not show 4 better legal title to the same land.
2. That the patent a copy of which has been given in eyidence by the plaintiff, did not vest, in the patentee any better legal right to the land in question than he had before the date thereof, as against the defendants'claiming the same land adversely by other title.
3. That after the entry and before the patent, Morgan Byrne had a legal title to the land- in question, safficient to enable him to prosecute or defend an action of ejectment therefor: And that the issuing of the patent could not divest that title.
4. That if the jury believe the patent, a copy of which has been offered in evidence by the plaintiff, issued on the location made by Morgan Byrne, and shown in evidence on the part of the defendants in these cases; the patent is not such title as will avail against the location.
All which instructions the Court refused: to which refusal exceptions were taken.

Mr. Beverly Allen submitted a printed argument for the plaintiffs
in, error. The errors assigned are, besides the general assignment, four; an-
swering respectively to the'refusal of the Court to give the four instructions prayed : and a fifth, that the jildgment against the executors of Byrne, was de bonis propriis, whereas, it should have been de bonis testatoris.
It appears from the testimony in the three cases, that Morgan Byrne, the landlord and testator was the owner of the land in New Madrid, which was injured by earthquakes; that he applied for and obtained the certificate of location No. 448, relinquishing his land in New Madrid, in lieu of which this certificate issued by the United States, and was located in his own name on the tract of.land in dispute, in virtue of certificate No. 448; that upon his lqcation, a patent certificate issued, and on this certificate a patent issued to Johni Robertson, Jr., the same person who once owned the land in'New Madrid, relinquished by Byrne and under whom Byrne claimeC. that ld; That the plaintiff, derives title to the oland in dispute, from Johni Robertson, Jr., by deeds executed since the issue of the
patent; and being such owner, instituted these actions of 6jectment to recover the possession of the land located as aforesaid by Byrne.
The question is, whether in such a case and on such a statement-
of facts, John Robertson, Jr. the patentee, or George W. Broderick, his assignee, can recover against Morgan. Byrne, the locator of the land, or his representatives. *The plaintiffs in error, contend that the patentee and his assignee cannot; and rely on the following grounds :
,1. The title of Morgaii Byrne was sufficient to maintain an ae,

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

441

(Bagnell et al. vs. Brodfrick.]
tion 6f ejectment. See Revised Code of Missouri, of 1825, page 343,'sec. 2d, in force, at commencoment of these suits.* And Re,vised Code of Missouri, of,1835, page 234, 235, sec. 1, 2, and 9, in
force at trial of same.t 2. That whatever was sufficient to maintain, must be sufficient
to defend an action of ejectment. This is a corollary from the first ground. If these two points are well taken, the first special error is well assigned.
3. That the patent is not, in this case, and on this statement of facts,- the "better title" contemplated by the acts of assembly re-
ferred to, As to the first point, argument cannot elucidate the words of the
law. Its -meaning is evident, and the first rule of construction is not to construe that which needs no construction.
As to the second point. The coriectness of this is necessarily implied in the language and spirit of the law. It is a sequence from the first. If the title of Byrne was such as would enable him to maintain an action of ejectment and recover possession, it would be

* "Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, that any person claiming lands or tenements, by virtue of any pre-emption right, New Madrid location, entry with the register and receiver, confirmation by the board of commissioners of land claims, for the territory of Missouri, or by the secorder of land titles, or by concession not exceeding one league square, or by settlement right, or other right, where such right or concession has been confirmed by the commissioners aforesaid, or recorder aforesaid, or by any act of Congress: or where the same is held by deed, patent, entry, warrant, or survey, being confirmed as aforespid; or by any French or Spanish grant, warrant, or order of survey, which prior to the tenth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and four, had been surveyed by proper authority, under the French or Spanish governments, and recorded according to the custom, and usages of the country, although such person may not be in the actual possession; or if the same shall'have been actually surveyed, by authority of the United States, since. the tenth day of March, one thousand eight hundrell and four, or by any proper officer, under the French or Spanish governments, prior to the said tenth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and four, sugh person shall and may maintain actions of ejectment or trespass, in any Court having jurisdiction thereof, against any person not having a better title: and in all actions of ejectment, where a verdict shall be found for the plaintiff, the jury shall also find damages for the mesne profits, up to the time of rendering the verdict: Provided, however, That mesne profits, shall not be recovered for any time prior to the commencement of the suit, unless the plaintiff shall prove that the defendant had knowledge of his, clain; and then only from the time of such knowledge coming from the defendant."
t ,' See. -1. The action of ejectm.fnt may be maintained in all cases when the plaintiff is legally entitled to the possession of the premqises.
"See. 2. The action of ejedtment may also be maintained in all cases where the plaintiff' claims possession of the premises, against any person not having a better title thereto, un-
der or by virtue of, First, An entry with the register and receiver of any land office of the United States, or
with the commissioner of the general land office thereof; or, Second, A pre-emption right under the laws of the United States; or, Third, A New Madrid location; or,. Fourth, A confirmation made under the laws of the United States; or, Fifth, A French or Spanish grant, warrant, or order of survey, surveyed by proper au-
thority under the Fxench or Spanish governments, and recorded according to the usages of the country, prior to the tenth day of March, eighteen hundred and four."
"Sec. 9. To entitle the plaintiff to recover, it shall be-sufficient for him to show, that, at the time of the commencement of the action the defendant was in possession of the premises claimed, and that the 'plaintiff had such right to the possessioA' thereof, as is declared,
by this act to be sufficient to maintain the action."
56

442

SUPREME9 COURT.

[Bagnell eta v8. Broderick.]
absurd not to hold it to be sufficient to maintain that possession wher. recovered.
As to the third point. Here the inquiry arises what is the meaning-of the phrase "better title" in the acts of assembly referred to. A titlo is thus defined by Lord Coke, 1 Inst. 345: "Titulus est justa causa possidendi id qub' nostrum est.'.. Or by Blackstone,
Black. Com. vol, ii. p. 195: "It is the means whereby the owner ,of lands hath the, just possession of his property." What this "justa causa" or "means" ' is, must, in all countries, depend on the law of the country where the subject-of the title is' situated. United States vs. Crosby, 7 Cranch, 115. Clark vs. Graham, 6 Wheat. 567. Kerr vs. Devisees of MoOn, 9 Wheat 565. M'Cormick et al, vs. Sullivan et al. 10 Wheat. 192. The "justa causa" or "means" is nothing more than those indicia of ownership which are recognised by the laws of the country as evidence of right. Title is by descent or purchase. The indicia of the former is heirship, of the latter any of those modes of acquiring property which are recognised by law. The laws of Missouri, where lies the Property in dispute, recognise
the-entry or location of land, as in this case,-to be a mode of acquiring pr.operty, and an evidence of right in the locator They also recogmse a patent to 'be a mode of acquiring property, and an evi-
dence of right. We have then an indicium of ownership in Morgan Byruedand an indicium of ownership in John Robertson, Jr.-: and these indicia of ownership are considered by the laws of Missouri such evidence of right as,will enable either to maintain or
defend an action of ejectment. Morgan Byrne had, in this case, the possession, the right of possession, and the right of property, which together constitute a -completely good title, denominated a double right "jus duplicatm," or droit droit." Black Com. vol. ii. p. 199.
In: him was the "juris et seisina coxjunctio" which constitute the title completely legal, or a perfect title. Kent's Com. Lee. 65.
It may be admitted that'a patent is' considered in law. a higher species of evidence of right, but that can avail tiothing in this -case, where the evidence of right in the other party is sufficient to maintain or defend the action of ejectment. The words of the law are not "against any person not having a 'title thereto, proved by a higher. species of evidence,' but "against any person not having a better title thereto ;' that is; an indiciuln of ownership. recognised by the law -as evidence of a better right. It then necessarily follows, that in the construction of the words "better title" we must look not at the species of evidence of the title; but to the justness of the
title. On looking into the titles of these two contending claimants, the
patentee and the locator, we find they both'have the same origin: they both originate in the relinquishment made by Morgan Byrne and the certificate of location No. 448; and now, which of the two
has the better title, or more just title -tothe land located under the certificate, Morgan Byrne, whose land was relinquished, or John Robertson, Jr. who.had no interest'in the land relinquished-; Byrne,

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

443

[Bagnhel et al. vs. Brodedck.]
who was interested in and made the location, or Robertson, Jr., who had no interest therein, was no party to it, and who had previously sold and conveyed to him, under whom Byrne claimed the land thus relinquished, and in virtue of which relinquishment Byrne made that location? Seeing then both to have those evidences of right recognised by. the law to be sufficient to maintain or defend an ejectment, the justness of the title of Robertson, Jr., nust be examined. On this examination it will be found that Robertson, Jr., shows no title better than Byrne's; and failing in this, Broderick, the assianee of Robertson, Jr., cannot recover against the tenant and representatives of Byrne,
There has been no adjudication by the Supreme Court of Missouri, what is meant by the words "better title."? In the case of the administrators of Janis vs. Guerno, 4 Miss. Rep. 458, the Court says, "what shall be considered a better title, the act does not define. It surely does not mean -that the bare possession of the defendant shall be so considered. We understand then that .the meaning of thd act is, that when the plaintiff produces a confirmation of the land to himself, he has made out his case, and will be entitled to recover unless the defendant can show a better title. What in all cases, or indeed what would be a better title in any case, need not be now decided."
Titles are legal or equitable, predicated on that distinction known
in many of the states, of the Union between law and equity. The former are subjects of "examination in Courts of law, and the latter in Courts of equity. In those states, of which Missouri is one, legal titles are the subject of examination in Courts of law, equitable in Courts of equity, whether a title be legal or equitable , that 'is, whether it be the subject of examination in a Court of law or equity: the foundation of a proceeding in one- Court or' the other depends on the statute of the state where the tribunal is situated in which the examination or proceeding is had,. Robinson vs. Campbell, 3 Wheat. 212. Society for the propagation of the gospel vs. Wheeler'et al. 2 Gallis. 105. In Missouri the title of Morgan Byrne is tbe sLbject of e~tamination, and the foundation of a proceeding in a Court of law. It is a title on which an ejectment, which by the law of Missouri is a legal proceeding, may be mantained or defended, and is therefore a legal title, and will be so considered in the Courts of the United States, 6onformably to the decision in Robinson vs. Campbell, 3 Wheat. 12. There is then before the Court in these cases a legal title in both plaintiffs and defendant in error, and the inquiry again recurs which has the better title; not which has the higher species of evidence of title, but which in point of justness of superior right should prevail. What has already been said shows that Byrne, who owned the land in New Madrid, relinquished the spame tothe United States and made the location, has a more just and superior right, in other words, a better title, to the land located than. John
Robertson, Jr., original owner of the land in New Madrid, who sold the same to Edward Robertson, Sr., ulnder whom Byrne claimed

444

SUPREME COURT.

[Bagnell etalv.s;- Broderick,]
the same, who had no agency in 4he relinquishment, no interest in the land relinquished, and no right to the land located by Byrne anterior to the issuing of the patent. In other words, by Byrne's
act the land in dispute was severed from the domain of the United States, and by him appropriated with the consent of the United States, by him purchased for a good and valuable consideration from the. United States, by him acquired in an exchange with the
Un ited States. He gave other lands for it to the United States.
From the moment of the location it became -his-the United States had no title to it at the date of the patent. See act of Congress, 17 Feb. 1815, sec. 2, proviso 2. The title was in Byrne, and that title
was such as enabled Byrne to institute in the Courts of law of Missouri an action of ejectment; and it is submitted, whether under these circumstances it can be said that the title of John Robertson,
Jr.1 is better than, the title of Morgan Byrne: whether a patent issuing from the United States to John Rbbertson, Jr., for land they had previously disposed of, can prevail against Byrne, to whom it was so disposed, and this disposition-being recognised by the laws of Missouri as a title on which to maintain an ejectment. Our stotute requires that in actions of ejectment an examination be made into the successive gradations of title, or the various evidences of title to land in a contest betxween two persons claiming the same land, whenever those gradations or evidences are recognised by the law as legal titles, or titles on which an ejectment may be maintained or defended. This is all that is insisted on in these cases. It is not asked to maintain or defend an ejectment on an equitable title, nor to look behind the patent as to the regularity of the steps from the first to the last ending with the issue of the patent; but to ascertain who, had the prior legal right, that right on which an ejectnent might be maintained or defended. The plaintiffs in error feel con-
fident that on such examination their right will be found to be a legal and prior right; being legal, it is examinable in a Court of law, is the foundation of a legal proceeding, is sufficient to maintain or defend an action of ejeqtment; and, being prior in time, is more powerful in law and right, and must prevail against the right of the defendant in error, which, though legal, is posterior in time. But if it should be said that'the patent is the legal title, and the location an equitable title, yet the statute of Missouri making this equitable title examinable in a Court of Law, and giving it that dignity which
authorizes an action of ejectment to be maintained or defended on *it,the Courts of the United States, are bound to give it the same
dignity' and when they find it possessing the effect ascribed to it by the 'laws of Missouri, to give to it the like preference over the patent in this case, that the Courts of Tennessee and the Supreme Court of the United States, following those Courts, give to the junior patent founded on an elder entry over an elder patent founded on a junior entry. Polk's lessee vs. Wendall, 9 Cranch, 87.
The decision of the Supreme Court of the United States that a
patent is a title from its date, and conclusive against all those whose

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

'445

[Bagnell et al. vs. Broderick.]
rights do not commence previous to its emanation, 7 Wheat. 212, implies that there'may be rights commencing anterior to the patent. Is there a right, in these cases, commencing anterior to the date of the patent? The location was anterior, and gives a right. Is this anterior right examinable in a Court of law?" The statute of Missouri makes it so examinable; and being so, whenever a contest arises between a patent and an anterior location, this location, whether a legal or an equitable right, must in the construction of the statute of Missouri, have its effect; and, if of a merit superior to the patent, have the same effect' it would have in a Court of equity and prevail over the- patent. Finley vs. Williams et al., 9 Cranch, 164. McArthur vs. Browder, 4 Wheat. 488.
I If the preceding views be correct, the general and first four special
errors are well assigned.
As to the fifth special error. There is no such thing known to the law or in the practice of the law in'the Courts of Missouri, as those pleas peculiar to an executor or administrator growing out of the matter of assets. In Missouri no-execution issues against an
executor or administrator sued as such, unless specially sued for a devastavit, or on his bond as such. All demands, no matter of what dignity, are presented to the Court having cognizance over the administration of estates, by whom they are classed; and at the annual settlements of the administrators or executors, that portion of-the assets which consists of money, is apportioned among the creditors: and thus and not otherwise are demands, whether by simple con'
tract, by specialty or by judgment, against an estate collected. For all defaults on the part of an executor or administrator, a suggestion
of a devastavit is made and tried in the Court having cognizance
of the administration of estates, or the bond of the executor or adrministrator is put in suit. Judgments predicated on the false pleading of the executor or administrator, aa technically understood in the laws of England, are unknown to the law or in its practice in
Missouri. See Revised Code of Missouri of 1835, title. Adujinis-
tration.

Coxe for the defendant in error.-
The decision of the Circuit Court is to be considered correct, until its incorrectness is made to appear. !This was so held by this Court
in the case of Carroll vs. Peake, 1 Peters, 23. Have the plaintiffs in error .shown that there was error -in the decision of the Circuit Court? It was a question on the legal title of the parties in the cause, and this question alone was decided by the Court. The equitable claims of those who alleged they were justly entitled to the land under Robertson, could not be taken into consideratiorn in the
action on the law side of the' Circuit Court. The chancery powers of the Court could have been invoked by the defendants' in another
form than in a defence to an action of ejeetment. The grant and patent are evidence in a Court of law of the mat-
ters recited in them. The -grant, legally and fully executed, was VOL. XIII.-2 P

446

SUPREME COURT.

[Bagnell etal. vs. Brioderick.]
teonpetent evidence of the matters set forth in it; and as none other was necessary, it was in effect conclusive." The United States vs. Arredon'do et al., 6 Peters, 724. No facts behind the grant can be investigated. 1 Wheat. 5S. A patent is evidence in a Court of law of the regularity of all the previous steps to it. 5 Wheat. 293.
7 Wheat. 151. The Court are bound to presume the acts of commissioners intrusted by laws 'of Congress to inquire into claiamres tion lands, regular; and the decisions of these commissioners
Courts of law b-iding and effectual. This principle was decided in the cae of Rous vs. Bariand, 1 Peters, 668.
The defendant in error supported his claim to the land by a patent issued by the proper authority. The patent was granted on the facts stated in the records of the lard office, and those. records are evidence of the proceedings stated in them. They are conclusive evidence. This was fully decided by this-.Court int-he case of Galt vs. Galloway and others, 4 Peters, 342. This Court then said, "As
the records of the land office are of great importance to the country, and are kept under the officiaf sanction of the government, their contents must always be considered, and they are always received
in Courts of.justice, as evidence of the facts stated." The commissioner of the land. office was empowered by the act-
of C )ngress to investigate the facts connected with every application for land, in consequence of the injuries sustained by the earthquake;
'and he was to adjudge to the person entitled, after such investigation, the land to be granted by the United States. In this case, Ro-
bertson was in full life when the land was granted and patented to him; and he conveyed it to those under Whom by regular conveyances the defendant in error holds. In a Court of law nothing more was necessary than the exhibition of such a legal title.
Nor could the plaintiffs in error derive any right to maintain their title under the provisions of the law of Missouri of 1835. That law
can hav6 no operation on the system established by the United States for the sale of their public lands, and the granting of titles thereto. Against trespassers, the law of Missouri may have full effect; and a holder of land inMissouri under a pre-emption right,
New Madrid location, or entry with the register, might maintain an ejectmnt. But this law could give no right to an eje6tment under an incohate right in the Courts of the United States, against a patent issued by the proper officer authorized by the act of Congress to
grant a patent. The states of the United States cannot make by their statutes any titles or claims to lands by certificates of entry which are inferior to a patent, of equal-dignity with a patent.

Mr. Justice CATRON delivered the opinion of the Court. This was an action of ejectment by Broderick against Bagnell, for a section of land lying in Howard county, Missouri; and Peter and Luke Byrne were admitted to come ift and defend, under the following-circumstances. Morgan Byrne claimed to be the owner
of'the land, and he was first admitted a co-defendant with Bagnell.

JANUARY TERM. 1839.

447

[Bagnell et al. vs. Broderick.]
Byrne died, and Margaret Byrne, his executrix, was admitted as a co-defendant. Then she died-; and Peter Byrne and Luke Byrne, executors. of the last will of Morgan Byrne, were admittea.
The judgment below is, that the plaintiff recover the land and costs, against Carey Bagnell and P. and L. Byrne, executors of Mor-
gan Byrne. It is assigned for error, that the judgment for costs against Peter
and Luke Byrne, should have been de bonis testatoris, and not de
bonis propriis. The presumption is, that the judgment of the Circuit Court is
proper, and it lies on the plaintiffs in error to show the contrary. I Peters, 23. The executors of Morgan Byrne ha l no in terest' in the' land by virtue of their letters testamentary, but cbuld well ha e an intexest by the will of,their testator. On no other
ground could they properly- have beet permitted to come in and defend in the character of executors. On this ground, therefore, we presume they were admitted; and, like other defendantg in ejectment, having-failed to show the better title, the recovery was proper; and costs necessarily followed the judgment de bonis propriis.
The plaintiff Brtderick claimed by virtue of a patent from the United States, to John Robertson, Jr., dated June 17th, 1820 and deeds in due form from Robertson and others to himself, proved Carey in possession at the commencement of the suit; and here rested his case.
To show that the better title had been in Morgan Byrne,the defend. ants produced a deed dated 20th May, 156)9, from John Robertson,
Jr., to Edward Robertson, St., for seven hundred and fifty arpens of land lying in Big Prairie township, in the district of New Madrid, adjoining the lands of Sheckler and Cox; and which deed authorized Ed. ard Robertson to procure a patent from the government. By different conveyances Morgan Byrne claimed title to the 750 arpens through and under Edward Robertson.
The land lies in the county of New Madrid, in the state of'Missouri, and was injured by the earthquakes of December, 1811. To relieve the inhabitants i*ho had suffered by this calamity, (bongres passed the-act of 17tlh February, 1815; providing that those whose lands had been, 'materially injured, -should be authoriied to locate the same quantity on any of the public lands in the Missouri territory, but not exceeding in any case 40 acres; on which being done, the, title to the land injured should revert to the United States. . The recorder of land titles for the territory of Missouri was made
the Judge, "1to ascertain who was entitled to 'the benefit of the act. and to, what extent ;" on the exam~ination of the evidences of claim, as compensation for which, if well founded, he was directed to issue a certificate to the claimant. This certificate having issued, and a notice of location having been filed in the surveyor general's office, on application of the claimant-the surveyor was directed to survey, the land selected, and to return a plat to the office of the recorder of land titles, together with a notice ill writing, designating the tract

448

SUPREME COURT.

[Bagnell et al. vs. Broderick.]

located; and the name of the claimant on whose behalf the location and survey had been made; which plat and notice it was the duty of the recorder to record in his office: and le was required to transmit a report of the claim as allowed, together with the location by survey to the commissioner of the general land office; and deliver to the claimant a certificate stating the circumstances of the case, and that le was entitled to a patent for the tract designated. The
notice of location made by thr claimant with the- surveyor general is no part of the evidence on which the general land office acted; but the patent issued on the plat and certificate of the surveyor, returned to the recorder's office, and which was by him reported to
the -general land office. The United States never aeemect thie land appropriated ttntil the
survey was returned, for the reason that there were many titles and claims, perfect and incipient, emanating from the provincial governments of France and Spain, and others from the United States, in the land district where the New Madrid -claims were subject to be located. So there were lead mines and salt springs excluded from entry. Then, again, the notice of entry Might be in a form -inconsistent with .the laws of the United States: in all which cases no survey could be made in conformity to it. If no such objection existed it was the duty, of the surveyor to conform to tbe election made by the claimant, having the location certificate from the recorder. Still the only evidence of the location recognised by the government as an appropriation was the plat.and certificate 'of the surveyor. Such is the information obtained from the, general land office. As evidence of the form of location, and practice of the office, we have been furnished with a copy of the plat and certificates of survey on which the patent in this record is founded, and which is annexed. As before stated, the patent to John Robertson,
Jr. is deemed to have been issued regularly; and we must presume that all the usual incipient steps had been taken before the title was perfected. 5 Wheat. 293. 7 Wheat. 157. 6 Peters, 724. 727, 728. 342. And of course, that the certificate of sufvjy'returned by
the recorder; was in the name of John Robertson, Jr. The patent merged the location certificate on which- the survey was founded; so that no second survey could be made by virt-ue of the certificate. Thus fortified stands the title of the plaintiff below.
The defendant there relied upon a notice of entry filed witn tne
surveyor general in these w'ords: "Morgan Byrne, ag the legal representative of John Robertson, Jr., enters six hundred and forty acres
of land, by virtue of a New Madrid certificate, issued by the recorder of land titles for the territory of Missouri, and dated St. Louis, September, 1818, and numbered 448, in the. following manner, tb wit, to include section No. 32, in township No. 50, north of the base line, range No. 15, west of the fifth principal. meridian.

"St. Louis, Oct. 8th, 1818.

MORGAN BYliNE."

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

449

[Bagneil et al.vs. Broderick]
Which is founded on the followina certificate of location :

"1No. 448. "St. Louis, Office of the Reco"rder of Land Titles,
September, 1818.
"I certify that a tract of six hundred and forty acres of land, situate, Big Prairie in the county of.New Madrid, which appears, from the books of this office to be owned by John Robertson, Jr., has been materially injured by earthquakes; and that in conformity with the provisions of the act of Congress, of the. 17th February, 1815; the said John Robertson, Jr., or his legal representatives, is entitled to locate six hundred and forty acres of land, on any of the public lands of the territory of Missouri, the sale of which is authorised by law. Vide Com'rs Cer'e, No. 1126, ext'd.
"FREDERICK BAThs.,"

This is obviously the foundation of the survey and patent to John Robertson, Jr. ; a fact admitted_; but it is insisted that Byrne had
the better title to the recorders certificate ; that it issued to him in fact as the "legal representative of John Robertson, Jr.,;" and that the notice of entry filed with the surveyor general, vested in Byrne a title of a character on which he could have maintained an ejectment against Broderick; and that, consequently, his devisees could successfully defend themselves. That they could, if, the entry be the better title, must be admitted.
There is evidence in this record, tending to show that Morgan Byrne made the relinquishment of the New Madrid claim; but the same evidence, (being extracts from the records of the recorder's office,) show that the location certificate was granted to John Robert-
son, Jr. They are as follows:

Warr. or ord. of Survey. Notice to the recorder. QatyWhere Po""',

survey.,

cl ime.tuated In'

By U. S. Corn's for 200 arpens, cer. 1126.

lohh Robertson, Jr. 750 Big
arpens. Prairie.

Opinions of the recorder,
Granted 6.0
acres E.

A list of relinpuishments of lands materially injured by earthquakes, in the late county of
New Madrid, (present) state of Missouri, under the act of Congress of 17th February, 1815.,

This evidence, taken in connexion with the deeds to Edward Ro,.

bertson, and those from him and others to Byrne, it is insisted, esta-

2 P,2

57

4.50

SUPREME COURT.

(Bagnell et a]. v8. Broderick.]
blish the better equity to have been in the latter; and that this equity can be made available for the defendants in the Circuit Court,
by force of the act of the legislature of Missouri, which provides, that an action of enactment may be maintained on "a New Madrid location."
Our opinion is, first, that the location referred to in the act, is-the lat and certificate of surVey returned to the recorder of land titles; ecause, by the laws of the United States, this is deemed the first appropriationof the land, and the legislature ofMissouri htdno power, hiad it made the attempt, to declare the notice of location filed with the surveyor general an appropriation contrary to the laws of the United States. The survey having been made and certified to the recorder in the name of John Robertson, Jr., Byrne had no title that would sustain al ejectment in any case ; and of'course, those -claim-
ing under him cannot successfully defend themselves on the evi-
dence they adduced. But secondly, suppose the plat and certificate of location had
been made and returned to the recorder in the name of Morgan
Byrne; and that -it had been set up as the better title in opposition, to the patent adduced on behalf of the plaintiff in ejectment; still, we are of opinion the patent would have been the better legal title. We are bound to presume for the purposes of this action, that all previous steps had been taken by John Robertson, Jr., to entitle himself to the prtent, and that he had the superior right to' obtain it,
nlotwithstanding the claim set up by Byrne; and having obtained tWe patent, Robertson had the best title, (to wit, the fee,) known to, a Court of law.
Congress has the sole power to declare the dignity and effect of
titles emanating from the United States; and the whole legislation of the federal government, in reference to the public lands,_ de-
clares the patent the superior and conclusiv6 evidence of legal title; unti1 its issuance, the fee is in the governmeilt, which, by the patent, passes to the grantee; and he is entitled to recover the possession in ejectment.
If Byrne's devisees can show him to have been the true owner of the 150 arpens of, land, Nlinquished because injured by earthquakesl, and that the patent issued to John Robertson, Jr.,-by mistake ; then the eqi~ity side of, the Circuit Court'is the propei forum, and a bill the proper remedy, to investigate the equities of the parties. But whether any equity existed ipi virtue of tfie act of 1815;
and if so, whether it was adjudged b etween the parties by the
recorder of land titles; are questions o4' which we have formed no opinion, and wish to be understood, as r4o intimating any.
We have been referred to,the case of Ross vs. Barfand, 1 Peters,
662, as an adjudication involviqg the principles in this case; we do not think so. In that there were conflicting patents; the younger being founded on an appropriation of the specific land, by an entry
in the land office of earlier date than the senior patent. The Court held that the entry and junior patent could be given in evidence in

JANUARY TERM,1839.

451

[Bagnell et al. vs. Broderick.)
connexion as one title, so as to overreach the elder patent The practice of giving in evidence a special entry in aid of a patent, and dating the legal title from the date of the entry, is familiat insome of the states, and especially in Tennessee; yet the entry can only come in aid of a legal title, and is no evidencl of such title standing alone, when opposed to a patent for the same land. Where the title has passed out of the United States by conflicting patents, as it had in 'the case in 6 Peters, there can be no objection to the practice adopted by the Courts of Mississippi to give effect to the better right, in any .form of remedy the legislature or Courts of the state
may prescribe. Nordo we doubt the power of the states to pass laws authorizing
purchasers of lands from the United States, to prosecute acti6ns of ejectment, upon certificates of purchase, against trespassers on the lands purchased; but we deny that the states have any power to
declare certificates of purchase of equal dignity with a patent. Congress alone can give them such effect.-
For the several reasons stated, we have no doubt the judgment of the Circuit Court was correct,; and order it to be affirmed.
In the cases of Sampson against Broderick, and M'Cunie against the same, the judgments are also affirmed.

Mr. Justice M'LEAN' dissented. Being opposed to the decision of the Court in this case, I will state, as shortly as I can, the grounds of rly dissent. I am induced. to do this from the peculiar circumstances of the case. To sustain his action of ejectment, the plaintiff, in the' Circuit Court, gave in evidence a patent to John Robertson, Jr., which states "that he bad deposited in the general land office a certificate numbered one hundred and ninety-two, of the recorder of land titles at St. Louis, Missouri; whereby it appears that, in pursuance of an
act of Congress, passed 17 February, 1"815, entitled, an act for the relief of the inhabitants of the late county of New Madrid, in the Missouri territory, who suffered by earthquakes, the said John
Robertson, Jr., is confirmed in his claim for six hundred and forty acres. of land, being survey No. 2,810, and section thirty-two, of township fifty, north, in range fifteen, west of the fifth principal meridian line," &c. The patent bears date 17th June, 1820. On tfie 16th November, 1830, the patentee conveyed the land to Augustus .H. Evans. And on the 7th June, 1831, Evans conveyed to Broderick, the lessor of the plaintiff.
The defendants first gave in evidence a confirmation of a Spanish claim for settlement and cultivation to John Robertson, Jr., for six hundred and forty acres of land in the Big Prairie, near New Madrid. The, entire interest in this right was conveyed by John Robertson, Jr., to Edward Robertson, Sr., the 29th May, 1829.
On the 30th October, 1813, Edward Robertson, Sr.,:conveyed
three hundred arpens of this tract of land to MOrgan'Byrne. And

452

SUPREME COURT.

[Bagnell et at. vs Broderick.]
the 11th of September, 1816, he conveyed to Byrne two hundred and fiftyarpens more of the same tract. On the 29th October, 1816, Robertson conveyed to William Shelby two hundred and fifty arpens of the Same tract. And on the 2d December, 1816, Shelby conveyed to Levi Grimes; and on the 26th February, 1817, Grimes
conveyed to Morgan Byrne. By these conveyances Byrne became vested with the entire ori-
ginal right of John Robertson, Jr, to the tract of land, as above stated.
Under the act of Congress of the 17th February, 1815, any person owning land within the county of New Madrid, in. the Missouri territory, which had been injured by earthquakes, had the right to reliiiquish the same to the United States, and receive a certificate therefor, specifying the quantity of acres, not to exceed six hundred and forty, which he was authorized to locate on any land of the United States; and on such location being made, the land relinquished became absolutely vested in the United States.
Under this law Byrne relinquished to the United States the six hundred and forty acres in the Big Prairie, as the legal representative of John Robertson, Jr., who was the claimant of record originally. The following, is a cppy of the certificate of location issued on this relinquishment.-

No. 448. St. Louis, Office of the Recorder of land titles.

September, 1818.

I certify that a tract of six hundred and forty acres of land situate, Big Prairie, in the county of New Madrid, which appears from the

books of this office to be owned by John Robertson, Jr., has been materially injured by earthquakes ; and that in conformity with the provisions of .the act of Congress of the 1.7tIT Februfary, 1,815, the

said John Robertson, Jr., or his legal repreientatives, is enitled to locate six hundred and forty acres of land an any o the public lands

of the territory of Missouri, the sale of which is autfioriseA by law.

[Signed.]

FREDERICK BATES.

Atd on the 8th of October, 1818, Byrne made the following location:-.
"Morgan Byrne, as the legal representative of John Robertson, Jr., enters six hundred and forty acres of land, by virtue of a New
Madrid certificate issued by the recorder of land titles for the territory of Missouri, and dated St. Louis, September, i &Ia, and num. bered 448, in the following manner, to wit: to include section No. thirty-two, in townshin No. fifty, nd*th of the base line, range No. fifteen west of the fifth rinicipal meridian." And here the evidence
of the defendants closed. On this state of facts, the defendant's counsel moved the Court to
instruct the jury, that the entry or New Madrid,location, made by
Morgan Byrne iii his own name, is roa of a legal titleta the land.

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

459

[Bagnell et al. vs. Broderick.]
and is a sufficient defence against all persons who do not show a better legal title to the same land. That if the jury believe the patent, a copy of which has been given in evidence by plaintiffissued on the location made by Morgan Byrne, the patent is not such title as will avail against the location.
-The, revised code of Missouri of 1825, which was in force when
this action was commenced, provides that a New Madrid location shall be a title on which to sustain an action of ejectment against
any person not having a better title. The defendant's show, by deeds of conveyance from John Ro-
bertson, Jr., that Morgan Byrne had a full and clear title to the 640 acres of land near New Madrid; that he relinquished said land,'
under the act of Congress of 1815, to the United States, and located the section of land now in controversy. He being the owner of the land, as the legal representative of John Robertson, Jr., was the only person who could relinquish it to the United States. By virtue of this relinquishment, and in consideration of its having been made, hereceived the certificate which authorised him to locate the same number of acres of any part of the public land which had been
offered for sale. It appears that under the law of 1815, the New Madrid claimant
had to show a confirmation of the land claimed by him on the public records in the name of the first claimant, and to show a derivative title to himself, before he was permitted to relinquish it to the government. And in the present instance, John Robertson, Jr., being the original confirmee of the title, the record was produced establishing the fact , and Byrne then proved, by an exhibition of his deeds, that Robertson had parted with all his right in the pr6mises, and that he was his legal representative. It was in this capacity that the relinquishment was made, and the certificate of location was issued. And he made the location of' the land in con-
troversy in the same character. In this view of the case there can be no doubt that ByrUe or his
assignee has the title to the land. And that there is possession under this title is shown by the fact that the action-of ejectment was coraimenced by the lessor of the plaintiff, to obtain -the pos-
sesIstioanp.pears that the patent was issued to John Robertson, Jr., improperly; as in 1809 he conveyed all his interest in"the land relinquished. Before the emanation of tfie patent, he 4ad not a shadow of title, either equitable or legal, to the land in dispute. And the patent' must have been fraudulently obtained by him, on the presentafior 6f the certificate of location made by Byrne. The evidence on this point is too clear to be controvQrted. It is established by deeds executed in the most solemn form, and by records which contain the highest verity. The inference of the fraud is as irresistible as are the facts from which it is inferred.
The proof of Byrne's title is irrefragable; and it is equally clear

454

SUPREME COURT.

[Bagnell et al. vs. Broderick.]
that Robertson had no title to the land, until he fraudulently obtained the patent. Having no shadow of right, he could obtain the patent in his own namq by no other than fraudulent means. And no Court which could feel .itselfauthorised to look behind the patent, could hesitate to pronounce the title of Byrne valid against the patentee, who has sought to cover his fraud by this legal instrument.
And the question here arises,, whether, under the Missouri statute, the Circuit Court ought not -to have instructed the jury, that under the deeds and records given in evidence, Byrne's was the better title. I cannot doubt that this instruction should have been given.
The statute makes the location a legal title for the purposes of the action of ejectment. And if it be a good title, on which to bring an ,ejectment, it must be equally effectual in the defence of such an action.
This title, the statnte declares, shall prevail against any person who has not the better title.
And what kind of a title is this better title. Surely it is a title that under the facts and circumstances of the case ought to prevail against that to which it is opposed.
It is urged that this better title must mean a better title than others of the, same class; but that it can never be considered a better title against a patent. And why may it not be considerod a better title against the patent?
The title set up in the defence derives its validity from laws of the United States, as entirely as the 'patent. The question then is, which is the better title of the two, both originating from the same sovereignty? The statite of Missouri does nothing more than declare that a Court of law may do in an action of ej~ctment, what no one doubts would be competent for a Court of chanceryto do.
And may not the legislature do this? It does not originate a title, under any pretence of state sovereignty, which is to operate against a patent from the United States; but it gives to a Court of law, powers in the action of ejectment, which in some other states are exercised only by a Court of chancery. This has always been the rule in Pennsylvania, and in other states which-have no Court of chancery.
Technically, a location is an inchoate legal title. :3ut, out of this class of titles a new rule of equity grew up, by the practice of the Courts of Kentucky. And this rule is not in conformity with the long established principles of a Court of equity.
As between conflicting entries, the doctrine of notice is utterly discarded. The entry must be a legal one, by embracing all the substantial requisites of the law, or a subsequent entry may be made on the same land, though the locator have full knowledge of the first entry.
This forms an anomaly in the history of equity jurisdiction. It authorizes.a Court of equity to give effect to that which is, in itself, strictly a legal right.
Principles growing out of this peculiar system have been acted

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

451

[Bagnell et al. v8,tBireo.ler&ck.]
on from necessity, by the Courts of the United States; but they have not been regarded as appropriate to an equitable jurisdiction in Hotahder tchaeseCs.ourts of Kentucky acted upon entries as legal titles, whether under their own rules, or by virtue of statutory provisions',
the Courts of the United States would have adopted the same mode of proceeding, In the state of Tennessee, a junior patent under the first entry will overreach -an elder patent, under a junior conflicting entry. This, in Kentucky, would be the exercise of an equitable jurisdiction. In Missouri, under the statute, it would be examinable at law.
It is said, the patent merges the location. This, under the Kentucky system is true; but, where the patent has been issued, through A mistake or fraud, to an individual who was not entitled to it; a Court of equity will control the right of the patentee, by compelling him to convey to the person who has the better right.
And why may not a Court of law protect this better right. The right may be investigated as fully, and considering the nature of-the
rights under 'the Missouri statute, as safely in a Court of law-as in a Court of chancery. But this, with the Court, is not a question of policy. It is a fule of evidence and of property - adopted by the state of Missouri, and our whole course of adjudications requires us to regard it. There is therefore no more violation of principle in examining the title of Byrne at law, then in equity. The result i substantially the same in both modes; as the title of Byrne must
be protected from the fraud by which it has been attempted to be overreached and subverted.
Judging from the evidence of this case, I have never seen a grosser act of fraud than the obtainment of this patent by Robertson; eleven years after he had conveyed every vestige of right in the land which was relinquished as the consideration to the United States for the location in controversy.
It was stated in the argument that Byrne made the location, but took no step subsequently to perfect the title. That Robertson had the survey executed and returned. This is an argument against the record. By the certificate which authorized the location it was required to be located on land, "the sale of which is authorized by
law." And no land is authorized by law to be sold, except such as has -been surveyed by the officers of the United States. The location in question was made on a, sedtion designated by its number, towAnsshRipo,bearntdsorna'snge, and which of course had been surveyed.
name was inserted in the location agreeably to the forms used, he being the original claimant on record, of the New Madrid tract relinquished, he Was enabled tQ practise an imposition
and fraud on the commissioner of the general land office, and obtain the patent.
It is a well settled principle, that fraud may be investigated as.
well at law as in chancery; and I am strongly inclined to thint if

456

SUPREME COURT.

[Bagnell et alv.8. lBroderick.]
this fraud had been brought before the Court and jury, independent of the statfite of Missouri, they must have determined that it viti-
ated the patent. Can any one look at these two titles, that of Byrne having been
obtained by a fair purchase, relinquishment, and location; and that of Robertson by fraudulently obtaining the patent, and hesitate i- deciding which is the better title. And it appears to me that the statute of Missouri in providing that such a location shall be a title,
on which an acti6n of ejectment may be sustained, covers the whole case; and enables the Court and jury to determine which is the
better title. In the case of Sims' lessee vs. Irvine, 3 Dallas 457, this Court
swy, "in Pennsylvania, where the consideration has been paid, a survey, though unaccompanied by a patent gives a legal right of entry, which is sufficient in ejectment." Why-they have been adjudged to give such right; whetlAer from a defect of chancery pow-. ers, or for other reasons of policy or justice is not now material. The right once having become an established legal right, and having
incorporated itself, as such, with property'and tenures; "irtemains a legal right notwithstanding any new distribution of judicial powers, and must b6 regarded by the common law Courts of the United States, in Pennsylvania, as a rule of decision.
And in the case of Ross vs. Doe on the demise of Barland et al.
I Peters, 664, this Court say,' "for the plaintiff it is argued that the 'state Court erred in deciding that the elder grant should not prevail in the action of ejectment."
The question in this case was between a claimant under a patent of the United States, and one who claimed the same land under a
donation certificate, given by commissioners. The question was identically the same, in principle, as in the case under consideration.
And this Court decided, "where by the established practice of Courts in particular states, the Courts in actions of ejectment look bepyond the grant, and examine the progressive stages of the title from its incipient state until its consummation; such a practice will form the law of cases decided under the same, in'these states: and
the Supreme Court of the United States regard those rules of decision in cases brought up from such states, provided that in so doing, they do not suffer-the provisions of any statute of the United States to be violated. Under the act of Congress, of March 3, 1803, such lands only were authorized to be offered for sale as had not been appropriated by the previous sections of the law, and certificates
granted by the commissioners in pursuance thereof. A right, therefore, to a particular tract of land derived from a donation certificate, given tinder that law, is superior to the title of any one who purchased the same land at the public sales." This was the rule in. ejectment cases in the State of Mississippi, from whence this cause was'brought.
This decision was given in 1828; the one cited from Dallas was

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

457

"[Bagnellet a]. vs. Broderick.]

made in 1799; and the rule laid down in these cases has not beeh

questioned by any other adjudieation of this Court. Other deci-

sions might be referred to of the same import, but it is deemed to

be unnecessary.

I will, however, notice a case decided at the present term, which,

in my judgment, in principle, has a strong application to the ques-

tion under consideration. By a statute of Kentucky itis provided

that "any person having both the legal title, and possession of 'and,

may institute a suit against any other person setting, up a claim

thereto; and if the complainant shall be able to establish his title to

such land, the defendant shall be decreed to release his claim thereto,

and to pay the complainant his costs," &c. Now here is a statute

which creates an equity, or rule of'proceeding in a Court of'chan-

cery; which, in the case of Clark vs. Smith has been very properly

recognized as a rule of proceeding in this Court.

Now the statute of Missouri created a legal right, or rule of pro-

ceeding in the action of ejectment. And if the Kentucky statute

can give the rule of proceeding to this Court, in chancery, why may

not the Missouri statute do the same thing at law.

In the state of Illinois, by statute, a certificate of the register of

the land office of the United States of an entry of land, is made a

good title on which to sustain an action of: ejectment: and the Su-

preme Court of that state has long since settled the rule, that such

a title may be held good against a patent wrongfully or fraudulent-

ly obtained. In the sate of Alabama there is a similar law, and

it has received, by the Supreme Court of that state, the same con-

struction.

The idea, that if a state can pass a law authorising an action of

ejectment on a certificate of the register, and that if this certificate,

under any bircumstances should be held the better title, against a

patent wrongfully issued would endanger the public lands; is so

novel and so unfounded that I must notice it. Had not such an ar-

gument been advanced, I should have supposed that two things so

wholly disconnected as this premiss and conclusion could never be

associated in the mind of any one.

'How-is the public lands endangerel by the establishment of this

rule?

The certificate as well as the patent emanate from the federal go-

vernmnent. Now if the patent through mistake or fraud has been

issued wrongftlly, no one doubts that a Court of chancery may pro-

tect the right, in such a case, of the certificate holder... The state of

Illinois says, this may be done at law, and this is the whole matter.

If there be danger to the public lands in this, it is not only a modern

discovery: but to guard effectually against the danger, the states

must abolish their Courts of chancery, or restrict them under all

circumstances from questioning the right of the patentee. If the

state Courts cannot try these cases between their own citizens and

under their own laws, where are they to be tried? All who claim

under a patent are entitled to the same rights as the patentee.

VOL. XIII.-2 Q

58

458

SUPREME COURT.

[Bagnell et al. vs. Broderick.],
Mr. Justice M'KINLEY concurred in opinion with Mr. Justice M'LEAN.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the district of Missouri, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is ordered and adjudged by this Court that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed with
costs.

NOTE.

No. 192. Office of the recorder of land titles.

St., Louis, March 9, 1820.

I certify, that in pursuance of the act of Congress, passed the 17th day of February, 1815, a location certificate, No. 448, issued from

this office in favour of John Robertson, Jr., or his legal representa-

tives, for six hundred'and forty acres of land; that a location has been made, as appears by the plat of survey herewith, and that the

said John Robertson, Jr., or his legal representatives,'is entitled to a patent for the said tract, containing, according to said location, six hundred and forty acres of land, being section No. 32, in township

No. 50, north of base line-range No. 15 west of 5th principal

meridian. No. of survey, 2,810.

nRDERICK BATES.

Township No. 50, North of the Base line, Range No. 15, West fifth principal meridian.

79

50

No. 448.

Surveyors' Office, St. Louis. January 15, 1820.

John Robertson, Jr. I certify that, section No. 32, in township

No. 50, north of the base line, range No. 15,

Section 32.

west of the 5th principal meridian, was lo-

640.

cated on the 8th day of October, 1818, for

John Rob'ertson, Jr., or his legal representa-

tives, by virtue of No. 448, dated September, 1818, issued by the recorder of land titles for the Missouri territory, to said John Robertson, Jr., or, his legal representatives, for six hundred and forty acres of land, in conformity with the provisions of the act of Congress of the i7thFebruary, 1815, for the relief of sufferers by earthquakes

in the late county of New Madrid.

WM. RECTOR:

To Frederick Bates, Esq., Recorder of land titles for the Missouri

Territory.

THE DECISIONS
OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES,
AT
JANUARY TERM, 1839.

'CLEMENT WOODWARD, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, VS. JAMES BROWN, AND SARAH JANE, HIS WIFE, DEFENDANTS IN ERROR.

Where, by a misprision of the clerk of the Circuit Court, the judgment in a case brought up by a writ of error bad not been entered according to the declaration, the Supleme Court allowed an amendment to be made by the entry of the judgment, without awarding a certiorari to the Circuit Court. This was done in a case which had been brought up by a writ of error to the previous term of the Court.
It is a well established principle of law, that a tenant cannot dispute the title of his landlord; 'awl where the Marshal of the District of Columbia, having a writ of habere facias possessionem for the west half pf a lot in the city of Washington, took possession of the east half of the lot, ar 1 the tenant of the persons who claimed to be the owners of the lot attorned to the plaintiffg in the writ, such attomment was without authority,
and was void. A tenant who disclaims his landlord's title is not entitled to notice to quit and deliver up
possession. In an action ofljectment, the day of the ouster need not be alleged; and it is sufficient if
it is laid after the demise. Th specific date under a videlicet is not necessary in a declaration in ejectment, and may
be rejected as surplusage: if it 'sufficiently appears on the face of the declaration that the ouster was after the entry under the several demises.
'The rule is well established, that when the right of entry is by 'ouster of the title of the wife, the demise may be laid in' the name of the husband, or in the names of the husband and wife.

IN error to the Circuit Court of the United States for the Co1lnty

of Washington, in thd District of Columbia.

Mr. Brent, for the defendants in error, moved for a writ of certiow

rari to the Clerk of the Circuit Court of the County of Washington,

on the allegation of a diminution of the record of the cause in that

Court. The clerk had, by 'a misprigion, made an error in not entev

ip. gCtohxee,jufodrgmtheentplaacincotirfdfining- etorrothr,e odbejcelcateradtion. to the allowance of the

motion. The case came up to the last term of this Court; and it i&,. now too late to'issue the certiorari asked for. Thd error cannot bp

VOL. XIII.-A

1

SUPREME COURT.
[Woodward v. Brown and wife.]
amended without an application to the Circuit Court for authority to make the amendment. The clerk cannot therefore send up an amended record.
· Mr. Brent.-In a writ of error in. the King's Bench in England, amendments of the record can be made after the writ issued. He cited 5 Burrow, 2730. 2 Strange, 908.
The Court allowed the amendment to be made in this Court.
The case as stated, in the opinion of the Court, was as follows. "An action of ejeetment was commenced by the defendants in
error against the plaintiffs, to recover possession of the easternhalf of lot numbered 2, in square numbered 348, in the city of Washington. Sev6ral distinct demises were laid in the declaration, of different dates and for different periods of time.
"One of the demises was in the name of Jane Stinger, while she was single, but now Sarah Jane Brown, wife of the said James Brown; and another in the names of Jame6 Brown and Sarah Jane Brown, his wife.
"The general issue was pleaded, and the jury found a general
verdict of guilty. "On the trial the plaintiffs proved, that up to the 22d Nov., 1834,
the defendant was the tenant of Sarah Jane Stinger, who intermarried with the plaintiff Brown in the fall of the year 1835. That after Nove-ffiber, 1834, he refused to pay rent, and claimed to hold possession of the premises as tenant of the, Bank of the United States. That at the time the premises were rented to the defendant the said Sarah Jane was seized and possessed of the same in fee simple. And that about the time of his refusal to pay rent, notice was given to the defendant to quit; and also, afterwards, in January, 1835.
"Upon this evidence the plaintiffs rested their case; and the defendant's counsel moved the Court to instruct the jury, that-they were not entitled to recover on the evidence, which instruction the Court refused to give; and the defendant excepted to this opinion of the Court.
"And the defendant proved, that the deputy marshal, having a writ of habere facias possessioneti, against the defendant for the west half of said lot, but supposing the writ to be for the east half, of which the defendant was in possession, he was required by the deputy marshal to surrender the possession of the east half of the lot to the agent of the Bank of the United States; and he did surrender the possession to him, and the defendant agreed to hold possession under the bank. But the Court overruled this evidence, to which opinion of the Court the defendant also excepted."
The writ of eor was proecuted by the defendant in the Circuit
Court. The case was argued by Coxe for the. plaintiff in error, and by
Messrs. Brent and Brent for fhe'defendants. The counsel for the plaintiff in error presented two questions for
the consideration of the Court on the first bill of xceeptio-

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

3

[Woodward vs. Brown and wife.]
1st. Whether in case of a tenancy'from month to month, where
the tenant held over after the expiration of the tenancy, and continued so to hold without paying rent for a period of fourteen months, the notice to quit at the expiration'of the ensuing month be sufficient.
2d. Whether sach notice as is set forth in the bill of exceptions,
by an agent whose appointment is merely oral, and the notice verbal, is sufficient.
Ont the second bill of exceptions, the plaintiffs' counsel objected to the ruling of the Circuit Court, by which the objection of the
defendants in that Court to evidence offered by the plaintiff was refused.
The defendant, to sustain the issue on his part, produced a com-
petent witness, who testified that, on the 22d day of November, 1834, he, as the deputy marshal of this distriet,went to the premises
mentioned in the said declaration, then in the occupancy of the said defendant, with a writ of habere facias possessionem against the said defendant, in company with W. W. Corcoran, the agent of the Bank of the United States, named as the lessor of the plaintiff in said writ, and which was supposed by the said parties to comprehend, but did not in fact comprehend, the premises mentioned in the declaration; that it was then and there represented to the defendant by the said agent and the marshal, that the latter had such a writ for said premises, and the said defendant, supposing it to be such a writ as represented, voluntarily and peaceably surrendered the possession of said premises"to the said agent of the said bank, who endorsed upon the said writ an acknowledgment of the delivery of the possession of the said lot and premises therein described to him as.
such agent; and afterwards, on the same day, the said defendant entered into an agreement t6 hold the said premises, in the declara-
tion mentioned, as the tenant of the said Bank of the United States; and the defendant then offered further to prove, that he, the said defendant, from the 22d November 1834, held, and still holds, possession of the said premises, under the said agreement last named,
and that the said Bank of the United States then had, and now has, a good and lawful legal title to the said premises: to the admission of the said testimony, so offered to be given as aforesaid, the plaintiff, by his counsel, objected, and the Court. sustained the objection, and refused to permit such testimony to be given.
Messrs. Brent and Brent, for the defendants in error, contended: L That the possession of the premises, claiming to hold in fee simple, by the plaintiffs, is prima facie evidence of a fee. Ricard vs. Williams, 5 Cond. Rep. 238. The bill of exceptions shows the possession of the plaintiffs below, aWud that they held in fee. 2. Notice to quit is not necessary, when the tenant disclaims. Catlin vs. Washburn,, 3.Vermont Rep. 25. -Jackson vs. Wheeler, 6 John. 272. Jackson vs. M'Leod, 12 John. 182. Cowper, 621. Buller, N. P. 96. 1 Wheaton's Selwyn, 585. 5 American Com-

SUPREME COURT.
[Woodward vs. Brown and wife.]
mon Law Cases, 43, 44. 3 Peters, 45. But if, in a case like this, notice to quit is necessary, it was given, · 3. The defendant, now the plaintiff in error, being tenant, could Rot dispute the title of his landlord. Jackson vs. M'Leod, 12 John. 182. 3 John. 223. 504. Blight's lessee vs. Rochester, 5 Cond. Rep. 339. Willison vs. Watkins, 3 Peters, 47. 5 American Com. Law Rep. 41, 42. 1 Wheaton's Selwyn, 566, 567.
4. The plaintiff in error cannot, by a constructive ouster and attornment, set up an adverse title; and if he could, the attornment, through mistake, is void. Love vs. Dennis, 1 Harper's S. C. Rep. 70. 1 Marshall, 558. 6 Taunton Rep. 206. 8 Serg. & Lowber, 237. 239. 9 Serg. & Lowber, 10. 13 Serg. &Lowber, 58, 59. 3 Peters', 43. Wilkins vs. Mayor & Co. 6 Harris & Johnson, 533. I Term. Rep. 760. 3 T. R. 14. 9 T. R. 62. 2 Starkie on Evidence, 532.
. 5. The Bank of the United States cannot be received in this case to defend the title of the tenant to the plaintiff, in the Circuit Court. 1 Chitty's Plead. 134. 3 Com. Dig. 579. 582. 4 Maul & Selwyn, 347.
6. The demise by Brown and wife is vell laid. 2 Chitty's Pleading, 878, note T.
Mr. Justice M'LEAN delivered the opinion of the Court. After stating the case :
The counsel for the plaintiffs contend, that the ruling of the Court was erroneous, and that the declaration is essentially defective.
It appears from the bill of exceptions, that the plaintiffs not only pro- ed title, but also that the defendant entered into the possession of the premises under their title, as tenant. These facts being proved, the Couirt very properly refused to instruct the jury, as stated in the first bill of exceptions, that the plaintiffs were not entitled to recover.
And there is n6 doubt that the Court properly excluded the evidence stated. in the second bill of exceptions.
The writ of possession, which is admitted to have been issued in pursuance of the judgment, did not call for the east half of the lot, of which the defendant was in possession, and the marshal had no right to change his possession of this lot. And the attornment to the agent of the bank was voluntary, and without authority. The well established principle, therefore, that a tenant shall not be permitted to dispute his landlord's title, excludes the defendant from setting up the title of the bank.
The objection as to the sufficiency of the notice to the defendant cannot be sustained. 'He had disclaimed his landlord's title and attorned to the bank. ,Under such circumstances he was not entitled to notice. 3 Peters', 48. 1 Wheat. Selwyn, 585. But if notice to quit had been necessary, it was given; and, as appears from the bill of exceptions, all objection to its "sufficiency and legality" was waived by the defendant.
The declaration, it is insisted, is defective in several particulars.

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

5

(Woodward vs. Brown and wife.]
That thd demises are inconsistent, and that the ouster is alleged two years before the last demise.
On the part of the plaintiff it is intimated, that as the case is brought up on bills of exceptions, the defects in the declaration are not before the Court for consideration. The assignment of errors is
not limited to the bills of exceptions, but may embrace any errors which appear on the face of the record.
The last demise is stated to have been made in eighteen hundred and -thirty-six, and the ouster alleged, "by virtue of which said several demises, the said Richard entered into all and singular the premises aforesaid, with the appurtenances thereunto belonging, and was thereof possessed; and the said Richard being so thereof pos-
sessed, the said John Doe afterwards, to wit, on the twenty-fourth day of November, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, with force and arms," &c.
The day of the ouster need not be alleged, and it is sufficient if laid after the demise. 2 Chitt. 881. 1 Wheaton's Selwyn, 590.
In this declaration it is averred, that the plaintiff entered under the said several demises, and being in possession, °the said John Doe afterwards, to wit- on, &c. The specific date under a videlicet was unnecessary, and may be rejected as surplusage; it sufficiently appearing on the face of the declaration, that the ouster was after the entry under the several demises.
There is no repugnancy in the several demises laid: one, in the name of Jane Stinger, was before the marriage, and the last demise being subsequent to the marriage, it is well laid in the names of the husband and wife. The rule is well established, that where the right of entry is by virtue of the title of the wire, the demise may be laid in the name of the husband, or in the names of both husband and wife. 2 Chitt. 878.
It is not perceived how the demises as laid in this declaration, can prejudice the rights of the defendant in an action for the mesne profits. They will enable the lessor of the plaintiff to recover the profits from the time the defendant refused to pay the rent, and this he is entitled to. Upon the whole, we think there is no error in the proceedings of the Circuit Court, and the judgment is therefore affirmed with costs.
A2

SUPREME COURT.
EDWARD HARDY VS. JESSE HOYT.
Stockings and half-stockings made entirely of silk, imported from Liverpool in October, 1838, were exempted from the payment of duty, by the act of Congress passed March 2, 1833, entitled "An act to modify the act of the 14th July, 1832, and all other acts iwposing duties on imports."
ON a certificate of division of opinion from the Circuit Court of the.United States, for the southern district of New York.
This cause came before the Court on a certiorari to the Superior Court of the city of New York, the action being in assumpsit to recover from the defendant the sum of $148 29, received by him as collector of the port of New York, for duties on an importation of silk hose. The duty was levied at the rate of 25 per centum ad valorem, as "hosiery," under the 2d article of the 2d section of the act, of Congress, approved July 14th, 1832, entitled "An act to alter and amend the several acts imposing duties on imports." The plea of non-assumpsit was pleaded by the defendant in bar of the action. -
It being proved that the articles imported were stockings and halfstockings,,made entirely of silk, and were imported from Liverpool, in England, in the ship St. Andrew, in the month of October, in the year one thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, which port of Liverpool is a port this side of the Cape of Good Hope; the following point was presented, during the progress of the trial, for the opinion of the judges, on which the judges were opposed in
opinion, viz.:
Whether the said silk hose was subject to the payment of the duty imposed on hosiery by the 2d clause of the 2d section of the act of July 14th, 1832, entitled, "An act to alter and amend the several acts imposing duties on imports."
Or whether, as manufactures of silk, not being sewing silk, they were exempted from the payment of duty by the 4th section of the act of March 2d, 1833, entitled, "An act to modify the act of the fourteenth of July, one thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, and all other acts imposing duties on imports," which declares that all manufactures of silk, or of which silk is the component material of chief value; coming from this side of the Cape of Good Hope, except sewing silk, shall be free.
Which point, upon which the disagreement has happened, under the direction of the judges of the said Court, at the request of the counsel for the parties in the cause, was ordered to be certified unto the Supreme Court of the United States, at the next session.
The case was submitted to the Court, on the argument m the case of, Bend vs. Hoyt, by Mr. Raymond for the plaintiff, and Mr. Grundy, Attorney General, for the United States.

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

93

[Edward Hardy vs. Jesse Hoyt.]
Mr. Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the Court. This case involves the second point, only, which has been just decided in the case of Bend vs. Hoyt; and,therefore, it is only necessary to say that it will be certified to the Circuit Court fbr the southern district of New York, that the silk stockings and half-stockings mentioned in the case, were exempted from duty on their importation, under the act of the 2d of March, 1833, ch. 384.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the Uifited States, for the southern district of New York, on the points and questions on which the judges of the said Circuit Court were opposed in opinion, and which were certified to this Court for its opinion, agreeably to the act of Congress in such case made and -provided, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, this Court is of opinion, that the silk hose, as manufactures of silk, not being sewing silk, were exempte& from the payment of duty, by the fourth section of the act of the 2d of March, 1833, entitled, "An act to modify the act of the 14th of July, 1832, and all other acts imposing duties on imports," which
declares, that all manufactures of silk, or of which silk i's the component material of chief value, coming from this side of the Cape of Good Hope, except sewing silk, shall be free of duty., Whereupon, it is ordered and adjudgdd by this Court, that it be so certified to the said Circuit Court, and that this case be remanded to the said Court, that further proceedings may be had therein according to,
law.

2 B2

JANUARY TERM, 1839.
THE NEw ENGLAND INSURANCE COMPANY, VS. THE BRIG SARAH
ANN, WOODBURY AND OTHERS, CLAIMANTS.
The right of the master to sell a vessel stranded, depends on the circumstances under which it is done to justify it. The master must act in good faith, and exercise his best discretion for the benefit of all concerned; and a sale can only be made bn the compulsion of a necessity, to be determined in each case by the actual peril to which the vessel is exposed, and from which it is probable, in the opinion of persons competent to judge,, the vessel cannot be saved. This is an extreme necessity.
The true criterion for determining the authority of the master to sell a vessel strand d near a foreign port, or in a port of the United States, or of a different state than that to which the vessel belongs, or in which the owners may be or reside, when the necessity occurs, is the distance of the owners or insurers from the scene of stranding. If by the ordinary means to convey intelligence of the situation of the.vessel, the master can ob,. tain directions as to what he should-do, he should resort to those means. But if the peril is such that there is a probability of loss, and it is made more hazardous by every day's delay, the master may act promptly to save something for the benefit of all concerned, though but little can be saved. There is no way of doing so more effectual, than by exposing the vessel to sale; by which the enterprize of such men is brought into competition as are accustomed to encounter such risks, and who know from experience how to estimate the probable profits of such adventures.*
The power of the master to sell the hull of the stranded vessel, exists also as to her rigging arid sails; which he may have stripped from her, after unsuccessful efforts to get her afloat, or when the vessel in his own judgment and that of those competent to form an opinion and to advise, cannot be delivered from her peri. -
If the master sells without good faith, or without "a sound discretion, the owner may, against the purchaser, assert his right of property in the sails and rigging; as he may in the case of a stranded vessel, which has been sold without good faith in the master.
The Court do not think the case of Smith vs. Briddle, 2 Washington C. C. R. 150, sound law. It is expressed in terms too broad.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the district of Massachusetts.
In September, 1834, in the District Court of the United States for the district of Massachusetts, the New England Insurance Company filed a libel stating that they were the true owners of the brig Sarah Ann, then in the district of Massachusetts, and in the possession ot Obadiah Woodbury and others, claiming to be the owners of the said brig, and who are about to carry her to sea without the consent of the libellants.
A summons was issued to Obadiah Woodbury and others, commanding them to appear and show cause why process should not issue against the brig, as prayed for in the libel; and they appeared, and gave stipulations to abide by the final decree of the Court, on an appeal, and put in an answer to the libel.
The case was proceeded in by the libellants, and the respondents in the District Court, and after testimony had been taken to the matters in controversy, a pro forma decree for the respondents, dismissing the libel, was given by the district judge, by the consent of the counsel of both parties; and the libellants appealed to the Circuit Court of the United States, for the district of Massachusetts.
Further evidence was taken in the Circuit Court by the appellants, and the defendants; and at May term, 1835, the Circuit Coot

388

SUPREME COURT.

[The New Edgland Insurance Company vs. The Sarah Ann.]
gave a decree in fayour of the defendants; from Which the New England Insurance Company prosecuted this appeal.
The facts of the case were as follow: On the first day of March, 1828, the appellants, at Boston, underwrdte a policy of insurance on the brig Sarah Ann, Valued at four thousand dollars, in port, and at sea, durin& the term of one
year, from the 22d of February, 1828. On the g5th of March, 1828, the brig was stranded on the shore of the Island of Nantucket, and on the following day an abandonment was made by the owners for a total loss by the perils of the sea. The abandonment was expressly refused by-the assurers, but it was not withdrawn. by the owners of the vessel; and on the third of October, 1828, a-compro-
mise was made between' them and the assurers, and all the right and title of the assurers in the brig was assigned to the appellants. The claimants of the brig, the appellees, asserted a title derived under a sale made by the master after the stranding, on the ground
of an absolute necessity for such a sale. In May, 1828, the brig was brought into Boston, after having
been gotten off from the shore at Nantucket, and having been repaired. The repairs of the brig, and her cost at the sale made by the
master, amounted to twenty-four hundred and ninety-four dollars and sixty-seven cents; and she was sold in Boston, in July, 1828, for $2736 41. On the 14th of May, 1828, the president of the Insurance Company, wrote to the agent' of the former Owners of the brig, the assured, stating that the brig was then in Boston, and saying, " As She is now within your own control, as agent for the owners, if you do not take possession of her in their,behalf, the Company must. consider the sale of her at Nantucket,-as affirmed by them; ana ..tat she is sold, for their account. We of course shall contest the validity of the sale as it regards ourselves, and we think the owners ought to contest it themselves."
At this time the title to the :brig was in contest between the assured, and the assurers. The abandonment was denied to be good; and neither party was in a situation to assert a title without compromitting rights then actually in contestation. There were no allegations or proofs in the cause that after the final acceptance of the abandonment, in October, 1828, the brig had been Within the ports of Massachusetts, and within the reach of the process of the Court
for a reasonahle time, within the knowledge of the appellants. The facts of the case, as stated in the protest, and,as detailed in
the decree of Mr. Justice Story, in the Circuit Court, 2 Sumner 213, were: "The brig having on board a 'cargo of rice and cotton, sailed on a voyage from Savannah for Boston, and on the 23d of March, 1828, was stranded on the south-west side of the island of Nantucket. On the next day assistance was obtained from th6 shore, and the anchors were got out and hove tight, in order to start
the vessel, but Without success. In the course of the forenoon the
Wreck master came on board, with twenty men, and pursuant to his directions, the deck load was thrown overboard. They then hove

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

.9

[The New England Iwmuras Company vs. he Sarah AnI.]

the cables again, but with no beneficial effect. They then pro-

ceed d to open the hatches and discharge the cargo from the hold;

and then hove out the cables again, bqt to no purpose, as the tide

had fallen, and there was a considerable surf rolling in shore.

The captain and crew remained On board that night, and the day

following nothing could be done, as the wind blew strong at the

south-east, and there was a heavy surf. After the weather mode-

rated, the cargo was, with great difficulty, got on shore. The pro-

test stated, that the wind and the surf of the sea. had driven the

brig so far on shore as to render it impossible to get her off.

It further appeared from the evidence, that the place where the

brig was stranded was on a sandy beach, about twelve miles distant

by sea, and -six. miles by land, from the town of Nantucket; and

that the brig was at no time high and dry there. The depth of the

,water about her varied; sometimes it was six feet, and sometimes

itwas ten.feet;'and she was at no time of tide out of water.

6he

cargowas.discharged in about five days; and the spars, sails, and

rigging were then -stripped off; and carried on. shore, and sold in

small lots to the highest bidder. After the cargo was sold, the brig

became loose in the sand, and slewed round, and lay with her broad-

side to the shore. She was sold on the 28th of March, by the

,master, at public auction, where she lay, for $127; at the same time

the spars, sails, and rigging were sold, for $422 40. No efforts ap-

peared to have, been made to get the brig off the shore, though she

liad not then sustained any serious injury. Three intelligent sur-

veyors, at a subsequent period, estimated the repairs of her Dkill, as

not exceeding $492 25. The brig was got off by the purchasers

soon after thesale; and was carried to the porf of Nantucket, and

there repaired. The whole cost of the brig to the purchasers in-

cluding the .repairs, and.outfits to Boston, was represented to have

been, $2494 67; and she was sold under the order of the purchasers,

as stated, at Boston, in July, 1828, for $27,36 41."

The case was submitted to the Court, on piiued arguments, by Mr. Pickering for the appellants; and by Mr. Saltonstall, for the appellees.

The argument for the appellants stated; The appellants contend that this case was not such as to require or justify a sale of the vessel by the master, upon the alleged ground of necessity, as the owners' agent and the underwriters were in Boston, and there was an easy and regular communication by mail between Boston and the island pf Nantucket where the vissel was ashore; and they might and ought to have been consulted by the
master before making such sale. In cases resting upon the same principles, for example, hypothe-
cation by the master in cases of necessity, the rule laid down by the English Courts is, that the master can hypothecate only when the vessel is in some other place than an English port. No English
2x 2

390

SUPREME COURT.,

;The New England Insurance Company vs. The Sarah Ann.]
casd, it is believed, can be found, in which the master has been authorized to do it while in England; the English writers consider that every post in England is a home port, and the residence of the English bwn r .
The learned author, Abbott on Shipping, 123, adds that Ireland has been held t9 be a foreigncountry; but that since the Union it is doubtful whether. the rule is not altered. See also the case of the Lavinia, Barclay, befo e Mr. Justice Washingt6n, 1 Wash. C. C. R. 49. So in cases ofthe lien of material men, the Courts of the United States have held, that when a vessel was repaired in a port of a ptate to which she did not belong, there was a lien by the general marine law ; but if the repairs were made in her own state, there was no lien, unless established by the local laws of such state. The General Smith, 4 Wheat. 438. 4 Peters' Cond. Rep. 439.
As to the necessity of the sale, generally, it is a promineilt fact that the vessel was got off very soon after she was sold on the sandy shore, whici was a smooth beach without any rocks, and she was immediately repaired and fitted for sea again.
The brig Pearl, 2 Sunner's Rep. 217, to which the Circuit Court alltdes in giving the opinion of the case at the bar, w as stranded nearly in the same place with the Sarah Ann, and lay there through the winter, and was got off in the following spring. Several other vessels which went ashore on the same island have been got off, as appears by the depositions in the case.
In.the case of Gordon vs. Massachusetts Fire and Marine Insurai-ce Company, 2 Pick. Rep. 249, the vessel belonged to Portland, Maine, and was stranded in St. Domingo, and the sale was held justifiable. Ili Idle vs. Royal Exchange Insurance Company, 8 Taunton, 755, (cited-in the Massachusetts case just referred to,) a ship friom London took the ground in the river St. Lawrence, below Quebec: Fut in this case, it is to be noticed that two of the owners resided in Quebec, and the sale was considered to be sanctioned by them ; which distinguishes it from the ordinary case of sales by the master upon his own authority alone. In Hayman vs. Molton, 5 Esp. Rep. 65,-the vessel went from London to Jamaica, where she got qground. In Read vs. Bonhom, 3 Brod. and Bing. 147, a London ship was lost in the East Indies.
The case of.Thorneley vs. Hebson, 2 Barn. and Ald. 513, was that of a New York vessel insured in Londoi, and, while on her voyage, so much injured by stress of weather, that the crew deserted her at sea : she was afterwards taken possession of, by ships that fell in with her, and was brought into Rhode Island, about two hundred wiles fron" New York, where the owners resided. She was sold tnder a decree of the Admiralty Court, for the salvors, at a great sacrifice; and the Court of King's Bench held, that the owners at New York "were near enough to have acted iu the business at the time;" and might have prevented the sale by raishig money to.
release the ship, and therefore were not entitled to abandon tQ the Ajndgeltwriters ; and so the sale was not jutifialle,

JANUAR Y TERM, 1839.

391

[The Ni'w England Insurance Company v8. The Sarah Ann.1
In this case, Cannan vs. Meaburn et al., 1 Bing. 243, the master sold the cargo, under a decree of a Vice-Admiralty Court in the Isle of France, in order to defray the expenses of repairing the vessel which was "in a sinking state." The Court say, "' Nothing
but an extreme necessity" will justify the sale, &c. This was also a foreign port. The Court adopt the reasoning of Lord Stowell, in the case of the Fanny and Elmira, Edw. Admiralty Rep. 117, which again supposes a case where the ship is it a foreign port, where there is no correspondent of the owners, &c.
The leading case of the Gratitudine, 3 Rob. Ad. R6p. 240, is also that of a vessel being in a foreign port, and requiring repairs. Thp master was allowed to hypothecate the cargo. The learned judge, (Lord Stowell,) in his reasoning on the question of necessity, by way of illustration, puts the case of a ship driven into port with a perishable cargo, where the master can hold no communication with the proprietor, (see p. 259,) in which case the authority of
agent is devolved upon him, &c. A similar illustratiodiiis again put at p. 261, still keeping in view, throaghout, the idea of a foreign
port as an ingredient in the necessity. .In a Massachusetts case, Bryant vs. The Comnionwealth.Insur-
ance Company,' 13 Pick. Rep. 543, a vessel was owned and insured in Massachusetts, and stranded on the coast of Virginia; the cargo was landed, and was nbt of a perishable nature, and might have been kept in reasonable safety until the owners and insurers in Massachusetts could be heard from; and it was held that the master had not authority to sell the cargo and break up the voyage, without waiting until the owners and insurers could be consulted The Court in this case lay down the rule, that the necessity must be so strong as to leave no alternative to the master. They say, "The Courts have endeavoured to limit and guard this branch of the mercantile law with the greatest care; the strongest language has been employed," &c. . In Hall vs. Franklin Insurance Company, 9 Pick. Rep. 487, the Court say, " There must be something more than expediency in the case; the sale should be indispensably requisite. We mean, a necessity which leaves no alternativ e, which prescribes the law for itself, and puts the party in a positive compulsion to act."
The case of Scull vs. Briddle, 2 Wash. C. C. Rep. 150, was trover for certain sails, rigging, &c. which belonged to a vessel that was wrecked on the coast of Maryland. The vessel and tackle were sola at a public sale by the master. Mr. Justice Washington laid down the rule of law to be, "that in eases of extreme necessity the master may'sell in a foreign country rather than let the property perish, but not in the country where his owner lives; and no case of tne sort, it is believed, can be shown. Mischievous would be
the consequence if such doctrines were tolerated." See also the case of Schooner Tilton, in the Circuit Court of Massachusetts, 5
M~ason, 46.,

392

SUPREME COURT.

[The New England Insurance Company v8. The Sarah Ann.]
The result of these cases is, that the legal necessity to justify a sale by the master, must be something more than a mere moral necessity: it must be such a case of urgency as, in the language of
the Court in Massachusetts, "to leave no alternative ;" and the degree of this necessity may be the better understood by the important circumstance mentioned in the leading cases, viz. that the disasters in those cases happened to the vessels while in foreign ports, and where the master had no opportunity of consulting the ,owners.
Further: it is not enough that the master makes a sale in good faith, although this must accompany the necessity; and this latter must be clearly and indisputably made ofit. It may be also added, that sound policy demands that sales of this description should not be too much encouraged, by affording facilities to masters to effect them; especially in cases like the present, where they have the means of
cansulting their owners in their own state or country. But if the Court should think that the facts prove a case of legal
necessity, in respect to the sale of the hull of the vessel; the libellants still contend that there was no such necessity as to the sails and rigging, &c. These had been taken out, as well as the cargo, and had been carried on shore in safety.
Instead of selling the 'sails and rigging on the spot, under every disadvantage, such as exacting cash in hand, and the purchaser to take the risk of title, &c. the master should have either sent them to Boston, where the parties interestea could have sold them to the best advantage, or he should have immediately given information of their having been brought on shore,-and then waited for orders. If sold at Bxston, they would. have brought one thousand dollars, or upwards; as, according to the usual estimate, the sails and rigging, &c. are considered about equal to the value of the bull, or half the value of the entire vessel.
At all events, whatever might have been the value of the sails and rigging, there was no necessity for selling them, as they were already landed, with the cargo; and the master might easily have advised the owners and underwriters, and waited for their .orders; which, by the usual course of the mail from Boston to Nantucket, would have reached him in two days. In point of fact, the libellants did send-an agent to Nantucket, as soon as the toss was knowr in Boston, who offered to pay all expenses incurred, &c. if the vessel could be delivered to him; but the sale had already taken place. and the purchasers refused to relinquish the vessel to the agent.
In conclusion, the libellants would respectfully urge upon'the consideration of the Court the consequences of sanctioning sales of this kind, made under circumstances which do not clearly and. unequivocally amount to the strict legal necessity which the Courts have required., The greater the facilities, that are afforded, the stronger will be the temptation to Make such sales 'fraudulently.: and the fraud will' be the more difficult of detection. in pronortian

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

393

[The New England Insurance Company vs. The Sarah Arm.]
as the necessity will be a question to be settled more by the opinions of the master and other witnesses, than by simple matters of fact. And even in cases where there may be no direct fraudulent intent, the facility of selling will proportionally lessen the efforts of the master and seamen to rescue their vessel from impending danger and loss; and the owners and underwriters will be made to suffer
accordingly.
The Court must, in this and other cases, give weight to- the important considerations of public policy, or expediency, in laying down practical principles which are to govern the conduct of parties;. and it is manifest, that far greater mischiefs will follow from allowing facilities in making such sales, especially in home ports, than by rigorously restricting them to cases of absolute necessity---such a necessity as, in the language of the Courts, "leaves no alternative."

Mr. Saltonstall, for the appellees, submitted the following points:

1. The sale made by the master was, under the circumstances,

justified by necessity. It was made by him in good faith. There

was a moral necessity for it. The hazard to which the brig was

exposed was so great, the expense that must be incurred in attempting to get her off would be great and certain, and the result of fur-

they attempts so uncertain, that the sale was justifiable, and passed

the property to the purchasers.

2. The sale was assented to and adopted by Crosby and others,

afterwards, who thus ratified the act of the master; and their as-

signees cannot stand in better right than they were.

3. Though the abandonment was not revoked, but was continued,

yet the libellants cannot accept it six months after it was made,

having first refused to accept it; and thus avoid the effect of the ac-

quiescence and adoption of the master's acts by the assured, by force of the technical rule, that an abandonment, when accepted, relates

back to the time when it was offered. 4. The sale by Folger and others to the claimants was made in

Boston, July, 1828. "The libellants knew the brig was in Boston in May preceding, but gave no notice to the purchasers or their agent,

and took-no steps to prevent a sale. This, it is contended, is a fraud

on the claimants; and a Court of equity, (which a Court of admiralty

is, withlimited powers,), will not aid a party who thus stands by,

and, by his silence and inaction, permits another, without notice, to

purchase. It is a fraud on the innocent bona fide purchaser.

5. The demand of thb libellants is stale, and cannot now be set

up and enforced. The vessel was abandoned March 20th, 1828;

the libel was not filed until September, 1834, more than six years

afterwards. 6. If the sale be adjudged void for want of authority in the mas-

ter to make it under-the circumstances, and not ratified- by the ac-

quiescence of Crosby arid others, with, the knowledge of the libel-

lants 'if the libellants are not estopped by their silence and inaction,

50

1

994

SUPREME COURT.

[TheNew England Insurance Company vs. The Sarah Ann.]
and the suit was commenced in due season, then the claimants ask to be allowed the expenses and reasonable reward for their vendors' (the purchasers and salvors) labour and hazard; which amounts to nearly the sum for which she was sold.
1. The firstpoint presents two questions: first, as to the authority
of a master to sell his vessel,.and under what circumstances ; second, whether the sale in this case was justifiable.
As to the authority of a master to sell on the ground of necessity, the law has been fully examined in England, and by this Court, as well as in Massachusetts, New York, and other commercial states, within a few years, and has bcn clearly settled.
We believe it to be correctly stated in the dpinion of the Circuit Court in this case, 2 Sum. R. 206. "Iagree at once to the doctrine," says the learned judge, p. 215," that it is not sufficient to show that the
master acted in good faith, and in the exercise of his best discretion. The claimants upon whom the onus probandi is thrown, must go farther, and prove that there was a moral necessity for the sale, so as to make it an urgent duty upon the master to sell, for the preservation.of the interest of all concerned. And I do not well know how to put the case more clearly than by stating, that if the circumstances were such, that an owner, of reasonable prudence and dis-
cretioA, acting on the pressure of the occasion, would have directed the sale, from a firm opinion that the brig could not be delivered from theperil at all, or not without the hazard of im expense utterly disproportionate to her real value, as she lay upon the beach, then, the sale by the master was justifiable, and must be deemed to be made by a moral necessity. And I consider this to be the true doctrine, deducible from the case of Gordon vs. the Massachusetts Fire and Marine Insurance Company, 2 Pick. R. 249 ;.where the subject is .examined very much at large, and with great ability."
We believe the doctrine on this subject to be here truly stated, and are willing the conduct of Captain Phillips should be tested by it.
The law on this subject was fully examined in the case cited, 2
Pick. R. 249, by the late distinguished Chief Justice Parker, of Massachusetts. It has come under the consideration of' the same Court in several subsequent cases, and has been revised; but,, on a careful consideration of the cases, it will be found that the doctrine of the first case has not been varied, but, bn the contrary, has been confirmed. Hall et al. vs. The Franklin Insurance Company, 9 Pick. 466. Winn et al. vs. The Columbia Insurance Company, 12
Pick. 279.. Bryant et al. vs. The Commonwealth Insurance Company, 1'3 Pick. 543.
In the case 9 Pick. 466, the sale was not justified but it was on account of the particular circumstances, as each case indeed must, depend on its own circumstances. The ship was on a voyage.from Boston to New Orleans; struck on the coast of Florida; was got
off, and proceeded to Key West. She did not leak, and might have remained there in safety until notice of the disaster should have been sent to Boston ; and after the sale, the vessel in fact proceeded to

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

395

(Th6 New England Insurance Company vs. The Sarah Ann.)
Boston, with the same master, and without any repairs. It was properly held that the sale was not necessary, and that the insurers were not affected by it. Bryant vs. Commonwealth Insurance Company, was the case of a cargo, insured from Havana to Castine, in Maine; the vessel was wrecked about forty miles from Norfolk, but the cargo was taken from the vessel without damage, and might have been sent to its place of destination for less than fifty per centum of its value ; but the master sold it on the beach; and it was held that therewas not a legal necessity for the sale.
It is very clear that the sale was not justifiable, according to the doctrine in Gordon's case: and as clear that there is no similarity between the circumstances of that sale and the sale of the brig Sarah Ann. This subject hag come under the consideration of this Court, and the law is settled on the same principles as in the cases cited. Patapsco Insurance Company vs. Southgate et al., 5 Peterms ' Rep. 604.
It can hardly be understood to have been settled in England, that a malster has authority to sell a ship on the ground of necessity, until the case of Idle vs. The Roy. Ex. Ass. Co.,' 8 Taunt. R. 770, and 3 Moore. In that, and in subsequent cases, it is placed on the same ground as in this country; and that is, the ground of necessity -moral, legal necessity, arising from extreme peril and the danger of delay. it follows necessarily from the relation of the master to those interested, that there must be this authority. It supposes a case of extreme peril. What is to be done? It Will not do to wait until the owner can be consulted. There is a necessity for immediate decision and action. In such cases the master may do what he might well suppose the owner would do if present; and, in the exercise of a sound discretion, sell the vessel and appurtenances.
It follows from the principles and the reasons off which this authority rests, that it cannot be affected by the circumstance in what
country the disaster happened; whether in a foreign country or not. There is no case in which it is decided that this authority is limited to cases happening in a foreign country. The question is, in- every case, whether there was an urgent necessity for the sale-whether a delay would be extremely perilous. In such a case it would be absurd to say that the master shall not sell, because the vessel, though exposed to immediate destruction, is in the country of the owner's residence. And in a country of such vast extent as ours, the doctrine suggested would be extremely injuious in its consequences. In most of the decided cases, as might be supposed, the stranding happened abroad. In the case of hypothecation, the vessel is supposed to be in safety.' The question is as to funds for repairs and outfits; and in such cases it is reasonable that in a country of such limited extent and facility of communication as England, the owner should be consulted. There can seldom be a necessity for instant action. Still, Ireland and it is believed Scotland, are considered to be foreign countries: and it may be remarked that Nantucket is farther from the main land than Ireland is from

396

SUPREMFE COURT.

(The New England Inaurance Company v8. The Sarah Ann.]
England, and that the owners were five hundred miles from that island, and in another state.
The case of Scull vs. Briddle, 2 Wash. Cir. R: 150, is very briefly reported; and this point was not essential to the decision, which
was mainly placed on another ground. In Idle vs. the Royal Exchange Assurance Company, the decision
was not placed at all on the circumstance that one of the owners
was present; on the contrary, Dallas, Ch. Jus., reinarked, "I should
further say, that on the broad ground of a power to act on a sudden emergency, in order to save as much as could be saved from impending ruin, whether the sale be by the owner or the captain will
make no difference; if the circumstances justified the selling, and the
sale was honestly and fairly conducted." And with another.remark of the same learned judge the consideration of this part of the case is closed: "Although general principles are highly valuable when they can be-of general and extensive application; yet, from the very nature of subjects of this description, the application of principles,
as far as decided cases furnish any rule, must depend upon the circumstances of the particular case."
It is contended, that under the law as settled, the sale of the Sarah Ann was )roper and justifiable. This makes it necessary to look
to the evidence.
Was, then, the sale justifiable? Under all the circuinstances, was it necessary for the captain to sell the property ? If it was a valid sale, then the title of the claimants is unquestionable. This de-
pends on the state of things at the time. What was the situation of the vessel when the captain despaired of getting her off, and determined to unlade the cargo, to strip the vessel, and to sell the property there? It is necessary to look at the evidence. The depositios, On the part of the claimants, are very strong; and, we think, conclusive on this question.
As to the main facts, they are uncontradicted; on the contrary, -asto the exposure of the brig, &c., they are corroborated by Pease and Gardner, two of the libellants' witnesses. As remarked by the learned judge before whom the cause was tried, 2 Sum. R. p. 216, we must look to the state of things as it was at the time of the sale, and weigh all the circumstances; as, the position and exposure of the brig; the season of the year and chance of storms ; the danger
from storms, the expense of further attempts to get her off; the probable chances of success; and the necessity of immediate action
on the part of the master.. The object of the captain at first, and as long as there appeared to be any hope, was to get her off. He made use of judicious ,and strenuous exertions, availing himself of the skill and experience of George Myrick, the wieck-master, until the gale drove her so far on shore, that all further exertion seemed
to be hopeless.
As to the place where she lay, on the south-west shore of Nantucket, a reference to a map or chart will show at once that she was 'exposed to the whole reach of the ocean, from southwest to

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

397

[The New England Insurance Company vs. The Sarah Ann.]
southeast. No spot on the coast is more exposed to peril: and this is not contradicted by a single witness, except, perhaps, by Captain Atkins Adams, who went to Nantucket, where he never was before, as agent for the underwriters, and was within -half a mile of the spot. At the time of the sale, the brig lay on an open shore of shifting sand, nearly high and dry; her cargo discharged, and the
sails and rigging taken on shore to save them. Then, as to the probability of a gale. It will be seen by the tes-
timony,-that storms, and evere storms, are frequent at that season
of the year. It was in the month of March; proverbially blustering
and stormy. But the great o bjection to the sale is, on the ground that it was
in the country of th. owners' residence; they residing in H mpden, Maine,and that they had an agent in Boston. There is nothing in the evidence to'show that Thomas Curtis was agent for the 'owners, and known to be such to Captain Phillips, except for.the purpose of obtaining insurance. It is conclusively proved that there was a necessity for immediate action, and that a delay for the purpose of receiving instructions from the owners or their agent would have been attended with extreme hazard. Information of the state of the vessel was sent to Boston March 23. .The abandonment NWas March 29, probably immediately upon the receipt of the letter. And: it is believed, that at that time, in the month of March, the mail from that island to Boston was seldom less than a week. There was then no steamboat communication.
We contend that Captain Phillips could not have done otherwise than he did, after having,. without success, attempted to get the
vessel off, without the most gross carelessness. No course was left for him but that which he pursued, to discharge the cargo, and get on shore the sails, &c., as soon as possible.; and sell them there, to save what he could, for whom It might concern.
The vessel was, in fact, got off by the purchasers. We are hot to judge by the event, but by the situation at the time of the sale. The captain may act with perfect propriety in selling; a. ship
may be, to all appearance, in a desperate situation, and yet she may most unexpectedly be saved. That was the case of the ship Argonaut. Peele et al. vs. the Merchants' Insurance Company, 3 Mass. R. 28. Her situation -was much like that of this brig, it seemed to be desperate'; but she was saved; and yet the learned judge, in a most able and elaborate opinion, decided that. thd owners had a
good right to abandoh, under the circumstances, even if the injury was less than half the value."
As to the chance of success in attempts to get this vessel off,there is one fact of the utmost importance ; that is, the price she brought. Consider the circumstances-that this sale was only twelve milbs from that .vealthv and enterprising maritime place, Nantucket; that ample notice had been given of the sale ; that the-re was a large company present; that there was no collusion or private agreement, but that the sale was fairly conducted; that several companieswer
VoL. XIII.-2 L

3998

SUPREME COURT.

[The New England Insurance Company vs. The Sarah Ann.]
formed to purchase, if she did not go too high; and yet that the hull was sold for ,125, and the whole amount of sales was only $549!, Now, how can this be accounted for? Clearly, only because it, was thought, by the best judges on the spot, that taking into consideration the chances of saving the vessel, and the expense that would attend the attempt, she was worth no more. 'This fact is considered to be ofthe utmost importance when taken in connexion with the Opinions of the witnesses as to the value of the vessel as she lay, and as to her desperate situation, and the necessity of the sale. And the result shows that the price given was as much as she was worth. The whole cost and expense of the purchase and repairing the brig was $2,694; and she was sold,'after being in Boston two months for sale, for $2,736, little more than an indemnity to the purchasers. And the vessel was valued just before, in the policy, at only $4,000.
To the actual expense necessary is to be added the risk that it would be.lost by the total loss of the vessel.. Great expenses were, therefore, necessary, and it was uncertain how much, and'whether
they would not be lost. What, under these circumstances was the captain to do? We
think.he ought to have done just what he did; and, indeed, that his
whole conduct was prudent and judicious. We think he ought to have made use of proper means and exertion to, liberate his vessel.
That he did. And,'afterwards, when she had been driven upon the beach, almost high and dry, and was then fastened in a place where six only of twenty-three vessels had been saved, with no means there of making further attempts to get her off-and this in a season of storms, and when a gale would, almost to a certainty, have been fatal to the vessel,-we contend that he did right to sell the vessel and appurtenances, and saVe what could be saved, for whom it might concern. He was justified by the necessity of the case.' In the strong language of the Massachusetts court,'which must be' reasonably construed, or no sale would ever be necessary, "there was no alternative." But good faith must accompany the necessity, and must be clearly mrade out: Upon this point there can be no question in this case. The whole conduct of thb captain shows that he acted from good motives, and in perfect good. faith. No other motive can be suggested for the sale under the circumstances. The case, therefore, is brought clearly within the principles of law as settled on this subject.
- But t,has been suggested, on the part of the libellants, that there could have been no necessity for selling the sails, rigging, &c., as they might have been stored or sent to Boston.
But there is no evidence to show that any. part of the sails and
rigging, or of the appurtenances sold, were connected with 'the vessel, at the date of the libel. By the account of sales it appears that they were sold in small lots to many different persons. The sale was six years before the libel; the vessel had been constantly

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

399

(The Nqw England Insuranoe Company vs. The Sarah Ann.]
employed; and the presumption, therefore, is, that no part of the original sails and rigging remained connected with the brig.
It may be observed that, in the case of Idle vs. the Royal Ex-
change Assurance Company, and in most of the cases, the sails, rigging, &c. were separated from the vessel, and sold in different lots, but at the same time.
2. We say that the sale was adopted by the assured afterwards; that they. thus ratified the act of the master ; and that the libellants, claiming under them, as assignees, 'cainot stand in a better situation
than they were. The sale was on the day when the otrer of abandonment was
made. That abandonment was expressly rejected. Whose vessel was she, then, at the time of the sale ? 'Wesay, the original owners'; and that they, and all persons claiming under them., must be bound by their ratification of the sale, and by their conduct, as mueh so as if they had stood by and directed the sale.
We contend that the libellants cannot now be permitted to take different ground. Having taken the assignment subsequently to the acquiescence of Crosby et al., the libellants are bound by it. Courceir vs. Ritter, 4 Washington C. C. R. 549. Pierce vs. Clark, 1 Barn. and Cres. 186. Cairnes vs. Bleecker, 12 Johns. Rep. 300. Codwise vs. Hacker, 1 Caines R. 526. Mar~h vs. Gold, 2 Pickering, 2893.. ACslatrok'tsheexethcuirtdorspovisn. t;Reimsdyke, .9 Cranch, 153.
we think it is necessary to look to the situation of the parties at the time of the acceptanc of the abandonment, in October; and we contend that tbe respondents had acquired rights under their purchase, by the conduct of the libellants. They refused ,"ieabandonment; they disclaimed any ownership in
or right to the brig; the original owners stood by and saw the sale on the beach, and afterwards- in Boston, to the respondents, without objection or claim. By this acquiescence the respondents acquired
rights as against the original owners. Shall they now be defeated by the supposed relation back of the settlement in October, to the offer to abandon in March, which, at the time, was repudiated ? On
this point we ask the consideration of the Court. 4. The conduct of the libellants was a fraud on the claimants. In
May, 1828, they knew the brig was, in Boston, and for- sale, but they took no steps to prevent it. They did not notify-the master and part owner, or Cartwright, the agent for selling, or the public, in any way, of any claim, or any objection to the sale., How were the purchasers to know of any objection? Suppose they had inquired-to whom should they go? The selling agent had no knowledge of any objection on the part of Crosby et al. or the libellants. She was registered in the names of the purchasers. The respondents had a right to suppose from the comiuct of' the libellants, that they made no claim; and indeed they did not at thattime. But
they weve bound to give notice of their situation: and their standing by in silehce and inaction, and'permitting anothey to purchase,

400

SUPREME COURT.

[The New England Insurance Company vs. The Sarah Ann.]
is a fraud which can receive no favour in this Court, upon a proceeding in admiralty. Wendell vs. Van Rensselaer, 1 Johns. C. R. 344, and cases cited by Kent, Chancellor.. Storrs vs. Barker, 6
Johns. C. R. 166. 5. The demand is stale and cannot now be enforced. The libel
was not filed till six years and a half after the abandonment.
If the libellapts' title relates back to March, 1828, for one purpose, itmust for another. They ought then to have enforced their claim without so great delay. The vessel was owned and employed in Gloucester, a short distance fiom Boston. She was often in Massachusetts; and might, with proper diligence, have been seized at an earlier period by the libellants : and if any doubt exists of this, the claimants ask leave to amend their answer and file proof of the fact. They ought liot to have delayed enforcing their claim almost six years. Willard vs. Dorr, 3 Mass. 161. Schooner Adeline,,9 Cranch,
243. Mary Anna Flora, 11 Wheaton, .1. 6. In support of the sixth point in the brief statement, the claim
of amelioration, we refer to this case, 2 Sum. 20. The Perse-
verance, 2 Rob. 239. Nostra de Conceisas, 5 Rob. 294.

Mr. Justice WAYNE delivered the opinion of the Court.-This is an appeal from the Circuit Court-of the United States for the istrict of Massachusetts, and has been submitted to this Court on the printed arguments of the counsel for tle libellants and respondents. Those arguments so entirely occupy the grounds relied
upon in support of the respective rights of the parties, and the case has been so fully considered in the Court below, as it'is reported in 2 Sumner, 206, that this Court has little left for it tO do, than to an-
nounce its opinion upon the points it deems material for its decision. This will be done briefly. The particular case will be better understood and settled, by inquiring what is the right of the master to sell a ship in the event of an admitted stranding? This involves the.
necessity for a sale, in the circumstances under which it is done, to make it justifiable in the master, or otherwise. All will agree that the master must act in good faith, exercise his best discretion for the
benefit of ail concerned, and that it can only be done upon the compulsion of 'a necessity, to be determined in each case by the actual and impending peril to which the vessel is exposed; from which it is probable, in the opinion of persons competent to judge, that the' vessel cannot be saved. This is, as it is decided in some of the English Cour~s, an extreme necessity. The master must have the best information which can be got, and must acf with the most pure good faith. So says Lord Ellenborough in Hayman vs. Molton, 5 Esp. 65. It is also- properly termed a moral necessity, because when the peril and information concur, a we have just stated, it then becomes an "urgent duty upon the mister to sell, for the preservation of the interest of -all concerned." It should not be termed a legal'.necessity, as it is in the argument of the counsel for the libellants; for though the necessity, information, and good faith

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

401

[The New England Tahurance Company vs. The Sarah Ann.]

of the master will make the sale legal, the term legal is not descriptive of the prerequisite upon which the master's right to sell depends. Nor can the. necessity for a sale be denied, when the peril, in the opinions of those capable of forming a judgment, make a loss probable; though the vessel may in a short time afterwards be got off and-put afloat. Itis true the opinion or judgment'of competent persons may be falsified by the event, and that their judgment may be shown to have been erroneous by the better knowledgeof other persons, showing it was probable the vessel could have been extricated from her peril, without great injur y or incurring great expense; and the master's incompetency to form a judgment or to act with a proper discretion inthe case, may be shown. But from the mere fact of the vessel having been extricated from her peril, no presump-
tion can be raised of the master's incompetency, or of that of his advisers. It is right also to test the peril in which the vessel:may be, by information of the locality where she is stranded, by the season of the year, and by a comparison of the number of vessels' lost or saved, which have been driven on the same beach or shoal. But in doing so, though it shall be found that a larger number of vessels stranded have beengot off than were lost on the same beach; it is very difficult in a case of-stranding upon a shifting beach of sand, with the wind blowing hard on shore, and in a month when the winds are usually strong and stormy, to disprove the nedessity for the master to sell, by what may have happened in other cases. The evidence taken in this case establishes, that five to one of the vessels stranded where the Sarah Ann was driven on the beach, have been altogether lost. The evidence in such a case, and under such proof of the loss of vessels there, must be very strong before it can prevail to show that there was no necessity for the master to sell. It must also be proved, in a particular case given, that the means in the master's power, or which he may command from those to get his vessel off, had not been applied, and that there would have been what we shall call, and what ought to be so esteemed, a controlling difference b9tween the value of the ves~el, as her condition may be when she is old, and the expense to be incurred in getting her off, Nor will any ascertainment of the cost of repairs subsequent to the extrication of the vessel, raise a presumption against the necessity to sell, whatever maybe her condition as to strength, and though she may not be injured in the hull, if the actual and immediate prospective danger menaces a probable total loss. We think such was the Sarah Ann's danger.
The Court then, having stated itsopinion as to what makes an ex-
treme necessity, it follows that it cannot be laid down as a .universal rule, that the master's power to sell is lirmited to cases of extreme necessity in a foreign port, or in a port of the United States of a different state than that to which the vessel belongs, or in which her own-
ers may be or rdside when the necessity occurs. The true criterion for determining the occurrence of the master's authority to sell is the
inquiry, whether the owners or insurers, when they are not distaat

2L2

51

402

SUPREME COURT.

(The New England Insurance Company vs. The Sarah Ann.]

from the scene of stranding, can, by the earliest use of the ordinary means to convey intelligence, be informed of the situation of the vessel in time to direct the master before she will probably be lost. If-there is a probability of loss, and it is made more hazardous by
every day's delay, the master may then act promptly, to save something for the benefit of all concerned-though but little may be
saved. There is no way of doing so more effectual than by exposing the vessel to.sale; by which the enterprise of such men igbrought into competition as are accustomed to encounter such risks, and who
know from experience how to estimate the probable profits and losses of such adventures. And we here say that the power of the master to sell the hull of his stranded vessel exists also as to her rigging and sails, which he may have stripped from her, after unsuccessful efforts to get her afloat; or when his vessel, in his own judgment, and that of others competent to form an opinion and to advise, cannot be delivered from her peril. The presumption is
that they are injured; they can never again be, applied to the use
of the vessel, and they must, ordinarily, become from day to day of less value. In-ftct they are a part of the vessel when stripped froi her, and the mere act of separation by the vigilance and effort of the master, by which they are saved from the ocean, does not take them out of his implied power to sell in a case of necessity. The necessity does not, as has been supposed, mean that no part of her tackle, apparel, or furniture saved shall -be sold, because they
are no longer liable to loss; but when they are saved, whether a sound discretion does not require them to be sold for the benefit of all concerned. If, however, the master sells without good faith, or without a sound discretion, .he owners may;"against the purchaser, assert their right of property in the sails and rigging; as they may in anly case of a stranded--vessel, which has been sold without good faith in' the master, with her sails and rigging standing. We do not think th6 case of Scull vs. Briddle, 2 Wash. C. C. Rep. 150, notwithstanding our respect for the memory of the eminent judge who made it, sound law. It is expressed in terms too broad. The mis-
chievous consequences apprehended may be controlled in each case by'such proof as we are obliged to depend upon to maintain and secure from abuse other interests, equally important to society in general as to individuals engaged in some particular pursuit. We think the interest of owners of vessels in eases of a sale by the master, when pressed to make it by necessity arising from the perils of the sea, is amply protected§ "and that the power-of the master to sell is secured fro'm abuse by the limitations placed upon the exercise of it, and by, the obligation of the purchaser at the sale to maintain his ownership: against thoclaim of the original owner, by show-
Jng that the necessity for a sale had arisen; that it was made in the good faith and sound discretion of the master. This certainly in the case of such sales, at home, gives to the owners of a stranded vessel a stronger guard against imp6sition and fraud, than they Can have
in sales made in a foreign port ;'and serves to support the coxreQt-

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

403

[The New England lijsurance Company vs. The Sarah Ann.]
ness of the opinion that the master's power to sell is not confined to a foreign port, or to a stranding in another state. This doctrine holds out no encouragement to the master to sell: it gives him no facility to sell, when it is not authorized by necessity, clearly made out, and exercised with good faith and sound discretion.
We have decided the two points in the case necessary to a right decision of it. It is unnecessary for the Court to examine other points argued by counsel, though they are in the record; and which it would have been necessary for the Court to consider, if the respondent's rights under the sale had not been established by the points decided.
We think the facts in the case, which widi appear in the report of the case made by the reporter, show that the master of the Sarah Ann was in that necessity, from her stranding and daily probable loss, to make it proper for him to sell her hull, sails, and rigging, for the benefit of all concerned; that the sale was made upon the irformation and advice of competent judges, aiding his own judgment; and that it was made in good faith and in the exercise of a sound discretion.
The decree of the Circuit Court is therefore affirmed.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the district of Massachusetts, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is ordered, adjudged, and decreed, by this Court, that the decree of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed with costs.

JANUARY ,TERM, 1839.
WILLIAM B. BEND VS. JEssE HOYT.
The plaintiff, as the importer of certain merchandise from England, entered the same at the customhouse in New York, on the 29th of March, 1837, as cases containing cotton gloves. He gave a bond for the duties, payable on the 27th of June, 1838. In 1838, it was discovered that one of the cases, No. 45, contained silk hose, and not cotton gloves. The plaintiff paid the bond to the collector, under protest; and claimed from the comptroller of the treasury, to be released from the payment of the duties on case No. 45, alleging, that as silk hose, they were not liable to duty under the act of Congress of 14th Juty, 1832. The plaintiff instituted a suit against the collector, to recover back the duties so paid by him. Held, that the suit could not be sustained, after so long a time from the entry of the merchandise. Held, that silk hose, and all manufactures of silk, of which silk is the component material of chief value, coming from this side of the Cape of Good Hope, except sewing silk, are free of duty.
Even Courts of Equity will not interfere to assist a party to obtain redress for-an injury which he might, by ordinary diligence, have avoided. And, a fortiori a Court of law ought not, when the other party has by his very acts and omissions lost his own proper rights and advantages.
A collector is generally liable in an action to recover back an excess of duties paid to him as collector, when the duties have been illegally demanded, and a protest of the illegality has been made at the time of payment, or notice given that the party means to contest the claim. Nor is there any doubt that a like action generally lies, where the excesi of duties has been paid under a mistake of fact, and notice thereof has been given to the collector before he has paid over the money to the government.
ON a certificate of division of opinion from Circuit Court of the United States, for the southern district of New York.
This suit was originally instituted in the Superior Court of New York, and was afterwards brought before the Circuit Court of the southern district of New York, by a -certiorari. An action of assumpsit was instituted against the collector of the port of New York, to recover the sum of one hundred and twenty-seven dollars, paid to him by the plaintiff, for the importation of silk hose. The duty was levied at the rate of twenty-five per centum ad valorem, "as hosiery," under the second article of the second section of the act of Congress of 14th July, 1832, entitled "an act to alter and amend the several acts imposing duties on imports."
Upon the trial it was proved, that on the 29th of March, 1837, the plaintiff made an entry at the customhouse in New York, of eight cases of cotton gloves, and that the duty was levied on each of the eight packages of twenty-five per centum ad valorem; for which duty, with the duties on other goods, the plaintiff gave a bond for two hundred and ninety-four dollars, payable on the 27th June, 1838.
The plaintiff on making the entry, made the usual affidavit to the truth of the invoice and bill of lading produced by him, and that the invoice produced by him was the true invoice of the cost of, the goods, and that if any error was discerned in the invoice or cost of the goods, he would immediately make the same known to the collector.
It was proved, that in the year 1838, it was discovered -that case

264

SUPREME COURT.

Wiliam B. Bend vs. Jese-Hoyt.]
No. 45, one of the packages in, the.invoice, did not contain cotton gloves, but actually contained sihk hose, and that one hundred and .twenty-seven dollars and ninety-two cents, were bonded by the plain-
tiff, undeT the belief that the case contained cotton gloves. On the 28th June, 1838, the plaintiff served a protest on the collector, against, the payment of the bond given to secure the duties. The protest stated, that the bond had been given under a clear misap-
prehension of the nature of the goods, and claimed a deduction from 'the bond of the amount of the estimated duties on box No. 45,
siipposing the box to contain cotton gloves. The plaintiff had previously, requested the comptroller of 'the
treasury to release him from the payment of the duties; and the comptroller iu'reply, refused to correct "errors in fact."
On the trial of the cause, the collector introduced and read to the jury, to show the habitually loose mariner in which the plaintiff trnsacted his' business, an affidavit made by the plaintiff on the 25th of April, 1838.
The affidavit stated, 4 that on the 27th day of March, 1837, he imported in the ship Roscoe, from Liverpool, eight cases and casks of hosiery and gloves, marked B 38 to 45, owned by Barker and Adam§, manufacturers of Nottingham, England, and consigned by them to him, the said William B. Bend, for sale; that his clerk not being able to ascertain from the wording of the invoice, which packages contained gloves, and which hosiery, And knowing that cotton gloves and cotton hosiery paid the same duty,,he entered them all upon arrival at the customhouse; in the port of New York, as cotton gloves; that a duty of twenty-five per centum was charged upon them by th, collector of the said port, and that he, the said Bend, gave bonds to the said collector, to pay the said duties ; that on examination of the goods contained in one of the af.resaid cases, marked B 45, he found them to be spun silk hoisery, and not cotton gloves, as entered by him at the customnhouse; and furthermore, that the goods are called, upon tl/e original invoice, passed at the
customhouse, "spun knots ;" a term which is well known in the trade to be applied to hosiery of silk only: and that he ve 'iy believes the error of entering the said case, and paying duty, arose from the ignorance of his clerk who made. the entry; that he, the said Bend, did not upon this, nor does he upon any occasion, examine whether the customhouse entries, made by the. said clerk, are cortect. And' the said William B. Bend, further maketh oath, that he has never sold any part of the said case, B 45, and that, to the best of his knowledge and belief, nothing has been ever taken from or added to it, but that it is in every respect in the same condition as it was when he received it."
It was also proved, that the package No. 45, was never, in the custody of the collector, nor subjected to the examination of the public appraisers; and that the first intimation the collector had that it contained silk, was in*March or April, 1838.
It was also proved,, that the merchandise contained in the pack-

JANUARY TERM, 1839.
(William B.Bend vs. Jesse Hoyt.]
age No. 45, was silk hose, made of the tow of silk, a coarse quait of silk, but still silk, sometimes called sponged silk; and that the said merchandise was well known, in cohwmerce, under the denomination of hosioiy.
Upon the foregoing evidence, given during the progress of the trial, the following points were presented on the part of the defendant, for the opinion of the judges, on each of which the judges were divided in opinion.
1. Whether, assuming that an excess of duties was paid by
mistake, under the facts above stated to the collector, on the before mentioned package, No. 45, the plaintiff, under the said facts, is entitlad to recover back such excess, in a personal action against the collector ?
2. Whether the said silk hose was subject to the payment of the duty imposed on "hoisery" by the second clause of the second section of the act of July 14th, 1832, entitled "an act to alter and amend the several acts imposing duties on imports;" or whether, as manufactures of silk, not being sewing silk, the goods, wares, and merchandise, contained in said package, No. 45, were exempted from the payment of duty by the fourth section of the act of March 2d, i833, entitled "an act to modify the act of the fourteenth of July, one thousand eight hundred :and thirty-two, and all other acts imposing duties on imports;" which declares that all manufactures of silk, or of which silk is the component material of chief value, coming from this side of the Cape of Good Hope, except sewing silk, shall be free?
Which said points, upon which the disagreement happened, are stated under the direction.of the judges of the said Court, at the request of the counsel for the parties in the cause, and ordered to be certified unto the Supreme Court of the United States, at the next session.

The case was argued by Mr. Raymond and Coxe, for the plaintiff; and by Mr. Grundy, the Attorney General of the United States,
for the defendant.

Mr. Justice SToRY delivered the opinion of the Court.-

This ease comes before us upon a certificate of division of opinion

of the judges of the Circuit Court of the southern district of New

York. The original suit was assumpsit to recover back from the

deferidant, who is the collector of the port and xlistrict of New York,

a sum of money paid as duties upon certain imported goods, upon

the ground that they were not liable to duty Upon the trial it

appeared, that on the 29th of March, 1837, an entry was made by

the plaintiff, as consignee, at the customhouse of New York, of

eight cases of cotton gloves, marked B, numbered from 38 to 45, as

imported from Liverpool, England. The case, number 43, was

designlated on the invoice to be examined, and was passed as cor-

rect; whereupon the duty was levied upon each of the eight pack-

VoL. XIII.-Z

34

SUPREME COURIT.
[William B. Bend vs. Jessq Hoyt.]
age's at 25 per centum ad valorem, as being cotton gloves; which duty was secured by a bond, which became due on the 27th of June, 1838. Upon making the entry, the-invoice of the goods was produced, and the comrlon oath on such occasions taken and subscribed in the form prescribed by law. It was proved, that in the year 1838, it was discovered by the plaintiff, that the case numbered 41 did not contain cotton gloves, but actually contained silk hose ; and that the plaintiff had paid $127 92 for duties, under the belief that the package contained cotton gloves. On the 25th of April, 1838, the plaintiff addressed a letter to the comptroller of the trea-
sury, requesting to be released from, the payment of the duty.; to which the comptroller replied on the 27th of the same month, refusing to do so, upon the ground that whether the goods were composed of silk or of cotton was clearly a matter of fact, and should have been settled before the removal of the goods from the customhouse; and that he did not feel authorized to make the plaintiff's case an exception to the uniform and long established rule of the department, by pbrmitting a revision of the entry. On the 26th of June, 1838s, the plaintiff addressed a letter to the defendant, informing him that no duties were payable on the goods; and that in paying the amount he should do it under protest, reserving his legal rights. It was further proved, that the package number 45 never was in the custody of the collector, nor subjected to the examination
of the public appraisers; and that the first inti~nation that the collector had, that it contained silk hose, was in March or April, 1838. The merchandise contained in the package number 45 was silk hose made of the tow of silk, a coarse quality of silk, but still silk, sometimes called Sponged silk; and was well known in commerce under the denomination of hosiery. An affidavit of the plaintiff was read in evidence by the defendant, to show the habitually loose manner in which the plaintiff transacted his business with the customhouse; and in which, among other things, the plaintiff attributed the error
in the entry at the customhouse to the ignorance of his own clerk in making the entry, and not being able to hnderstand, from the wording of the invoice, which packages contained gloves,,and which hosiery.
Upon this evidence the following points were presented by the defendant for the opinion of the judges, on each of which the judges were divided in opinion. 1. Whether, assuming that an excess of duties was paid by mistake, under the facts above stated, to theF collector, on the before mentioned package number 45, the plaintiff, under the said facts, is entitled to recover back such excess in a personal' action against the collector. 2. Whether the said silk hose was subject to the payment of duty imposed on hosiery by the second clause of the second section of the-act of the 14th of July, 1832, ch. 224, entitled, "An act to alter-and amend the several acts imposing duties on imports;" or whether, as manufactures of silk, not being sewing silk, the same were exempted from the payment of duty bythe fourth section of the act of the 2d of March, 1833, entitled, &c., ch. 854, which declares that. all manufactures of silk, or,

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

267

[William B. Bend vs. Jesse Hoyt.]
of which silk is the component material of chief value, coining from this side of the Cape of Good Hope, except sewing silk, shall be free.
As to the first question, there is no doubt that the collector is generally liable in an action to recover back an excess of duties paid to him as collector, where the" duties have been illegally demanded, and a protest of the illegality has been made at the time of the payment, or notice then given that the party means to contest the claim; whether he has paid over the money to the government or not. Nor is there any doubt that a like action generally lies where the excess of duties has been paid under a mistake of fact, and notice thereof has been given to the collector before he has paid over the money to the government. Both of these propositions are fully discussed and decided in the case of Elliot vs. Swartwout, 10 Peters' R. 137; and if the present point involved nothing more, there would be no substantial ground of controversy. But there are other ingredients in the present case.
The goods were actually entered by the plaintiff at the customhouse, by a particular description-that of cotton goods iand he then swore that the invoice then produced by him was the true invoice received by him, and that the entry contained a just and true account of the same goods; and. upon the faith of that entry and oath, the goods were actually delivered to him by the collector without any examination whatsoever. No notice was given to the collector of any mistake until nine or ten months
afterwards, when the government was no longer in a conditioi to ascertain the real state of the facts; and when, of course, it was compelled to rely exclusively upon the evidence furnished by the plaintiff. Now, certainly, it was the duty of the plaintiff, before making the entry at the customhouse, to have exercised due diligence in examining his papers, and ascertaining the true state of the facts, before he undertook to verify them under the solemnity of an oath. That he was grossly negligent in this particular is plain from his own showing; and that the loss, if any has accrued to him, has accrued from his negligence and inattention to his duty, is equally clear. The question then arises, whether this action is maintainable, not under ordinary circumstances of innocent mistake, but under circumstances of culpable negligence on the part of the plaintiff, and when the government can no longer be replaced in the same' situation in which it stood at the time of the original transaction.
Upon the best consideration which we can. give to the subject, we are of opinion, that the action, under such circumstances, is not main-
tainable. If a different rule were to prevail, the whole policy of the laws for the collection of duties would be broken in upon-; there
would be no certainty whatsoever as to the amount or receipt of the revenue 3 and the grossest evasions and frauds might be practised with perfect 'impunity. Instead of the invoice or entry, with the accompanying oath of the party, furnishing the just means of ascertaining the nature, and quality, and character of the goods imported, and the amount of duties payable thereon; every thing would be

.268

SUPREME COURT.

(William B. Bend vs. Jesse HoyL
left loose, and open, in case of contest, to the uncertain evidence to
be produced before successive juries. The whole system of guards
introduced into the revenue laws, for the purpose of ascertaining the
nature, quality, description, and value of imported goods, would in a short time, amount to little more than forms, as vexatious as they would be inefficacious. The act of 1823, ch. 149, in amendme$
of the former acts for the collection of duties, manifestly lays great stress on the invoice, produced at the time of the entry of the goods at the customhouse, and the accompanying oath of the importer; as ihe truest and best means of ascertaining the nature; and quality, and values of the goods, and the basis of the duties to be charged thefeon; as is apparent from the series of sections from the fourth to the fifteenth sections. Invoices duly verified and authenticated, are deemed a sufficient title to entry; while others, not so verified and authenticated, are declared to be deemed to be suspected, and liable 'to be treated in the same manner as fraudulent invoices. And the 2 3d section of the act provides, that when goods are admitted to an entry upon invoice, the collector shall certify the same under 'his official seal; and no other evidence of the value of such goods shall
be admitted on the part of the owner in any qCourt of the United States, except in corroboration of such entry. It seems difficult to resist the conclusion, that though the language of this section is confined in its terms to the invoice value of the goods, because the
duties were to be calculated ad valorem thereby, yet that, consist-
ently with its professed objects, it ought to be deemed equally con-
clusive as evidence of the nature, quality, and description of the goods. At all events, it would seem to be against the whole policy of the act, as well as of the other acts of Congress respecting the collection of the revenue, to permit a man to enter packages of goods by one description, under his olemn oath, and thus to withdraw them from the custody of the collector, without any examina-
tion of tie contents of the packages; and afterwards to insist upon another description totally different, and thereby to change the rate of duties, or to claim an exemption froni all duties. The public in-
conveniences attendant upon such a practice, would alone be sufficient to repel any ptesumption that Congress intended to authorize it, unless there were some explicit provision in favour of it; and the uniform course of the government to disallow it, furnishes strong evidence that the true construction of the act does not justify the practice. The consignee had his choice at the time of the entry, either to rely on. his invoice, or to have the contents of each package examined. He chose the former; and the latter is, on the part
of the government, no longer practicable-at least not so far as to be satisfactory or certain in its results. The error, if any there has been, has arisen, as we have already stated, from his own culpable negligence; and Courts of justice do not sit for the purpose of aiding those who seek redress for supposed mischiefs resulting from such negligence. Even Courts of equity will not interfere to assist
a party to obtain redress for an injur- which he might by ordinary.

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

269

[William B. Bend vs.Jesse Hoyt.]
diligence have avoided; and, a fortiori, a Court of law ought noti, where the other party has, by the very acts or omissions, lost his. own proper rights or advantages.
No case has been cited, and none has come to our knowledge, where an action has been maintained at law, ufider circumstances. like the present; where money has been sought to be recovered for a mistake of fact occasioned by the culpable negligence of the plaintiff, and where the retaining of it on the other side is not unconscientious. The case here cannot be better than it would have been, if the plaintiff had refused to pay the duty bond; and, to an action on the bond, he had pleaded in his defence the very matters now insisted on. It wo.uld certainly have been difficult to have framed a plea to sustain such a defence in point of law. If the objection were to be insisted on, that would seem to have been as proper a mode of meeting it as could have been devised; though, looking to the penal consequences of not paying a duty bond, as it withdraws from the party all future credit at the customhouse while it conti-
nues, we do not say that the present mode may not also be appropriate. Lord Mansfield, in Moses vs. Macfarlan, 2 Burr. R. 1005. 1012,.
speaking of an action for money had and received, observed that it lies for money paid by mistake, or upon a consideration which happens to fail, or for money got through imposition, (express or implied,) or extortion, or oppression, or an undue advantage taken of the plaintiff's situation, contrary to laws made for the protection of persons under such circumstances. And he added, in one word, the 'gist of the action is, that the defendant, under' the circumstances of the case, is obliged, by the ties of natural justice and equity, 'to refund the money. In Bize vs. Dickason, 1 Term Rep. 285, he also. said: The rule has always been, that if a man has actually paid
what the law would snot have compelled him to pay, but what in equity and conscience he ought, he cannot recover it back again. But where money is paid under a mistake, which there was no.
ground to claim in conscience, the party may recover it back again by this kind of action. Now, admitting the entire correctness of'
this doctrine in its full extent, (and no more than general truth can be imputed to it,) it leaves the whole matter open upon which the. present controversy turns; and that is,whether there is any Want of conscience in the collector's retaining this money. And it leaves:
wholly unttuched the ground, what would be the. effect if the mistake and the payment consequent thereon, had been the consequence, of the culpable negligence or misconduct of the plaintiff himself,
without any default on the other side, and where tbiereby he could not be placed in statu quo. Our opinion is, that, upon principle, under. such circuwstances, no such action is or ought to be maintainable.
In Milnes vs. Duncan, 6 Barn. and Cresw.,671, the party was allowed,
to recover back money paid under a mistake of fact, there being no, laches imphtable~to him; and that was the very ground bf the deci.
sion, In that zase, Mr. Justice Bayley said: If a party -pay money, under a mistake of the law, he cannot recover it back. But if he

SUPREME COURT.
[William 1P.Bend vs. Jesse Hoyt.]
pay money under a mistake of the real facts, and no laches are im-
putable to him, in respect of his omission to avail himself of the
,means of knowledge within his power. he may recover back the
money and he added, in this case, the-question is, whether there was, ?n the part of the plaintiff, at the time when he made the payment, ignorance of the true state of the facts; or any negligence imputable
to him in not availing himself of the means of knowledge within his
power So that we here see it admitted that negligence would con7 stitute a good defence to the suit. In Skyrilig vs. Greenwood, 4 Rarn, and Cresw. 281, it was held that money paid by a paymaster to an army officer, could not be recovered back again, or claimed by way of set off, he having been guilty of a breach of duty and of negligence in not communicating to the officer certain information of the disallowance of the claim Ofthe officer, on which'the money was paid by the board of ordnance at an earlier period, when his conduct might have been influenced by it. These cases, although not exactly in point with the present, clearly show that even in cases of money paid under a mistake of facts, if the party has been guilty of negligence, or of a breach of his proper duty in the transaction, he is not entitled to recover back the money, if paid, or to retain it, if unpaid, against the other party, whose rights or conduct have been affected by such negligence or breach of duty. We think the principle a sound one, and should not hesitate to adopt it, even if there were no authority to support it. Its application to the circumstances of the present case cannot well be questioned. Here, by the conduct and solemn affirmations, under oath, of the plaintiff, the position of the United States has been entirely changed; the property has been delivered up from the custody of the government, without any search or examination, in th,-. perfect confidence that all was right; and we think the plaintiff is now estopped from setting up his own culpable negligence, to excuse him from the payment of the duties, which, by his own entry and oath, he admitted to be due,
and thereby obtained a delivery of the goods. In this view of the matter, it might not be necessary for the Court
to answer the other question, ulron Which! the Court below was divided, as our answer to the first decides the merits of the plaintiff's case. But as the same question is* involved in Hardy vs. Hoyt; which has been argued in connexion with the present, we shall now proceed to the consideration of it. The question is, whether silk hose is subject to the payment of the duty imposed on hosiery by the second clause of the second section of the duty act of 1832. ch. 224. That section enacts, that from and after the 3d day of March, 1833, on the articles therein after mentioned, there shall be levied, collected, and paid, the following duties: First, wool, unmanufactured, certain duties specified in the first clause. Second, '(which is the clause in question,) " On all milled and felled cloth, known by the name of plains, kerseys, or kendal cottons, of which wool shall be the only'material, the value whereof shall not exceed thirty-five cents a square yard, five per centum ad valorem; on worsted stuff

JANUARY TERM; 1839.

271

[William B. Bend vs, esse Hoyt.]
goods,shawls, and other manufactureO of silk and worsted, ten per centum ad valorem; on worsted yarn, twenty per centum ad valorem; on woollen yarn, four centO per pound, and fifty per cantum ad valorem; on mits, gloves, bindings) blankets, hbsiery, and carpets and carpetings, twenty-five per cent., except Brusselsj Wilton, and treble ingrained carpeting, which shall be at sixty-three cents the square yard, all other ingrained and Venetian carpeting at thirty-five cents the square yard; and except blanket8, the value whereof at the place whence exported shall not exceed seventy-five cents each, the duty to be levied upon which -shall be five per centum ad valorem; on flannels, bockings, and baizes, sixteen cents the square yard, on warp laces thirty-five per centum; and upon merino shawls made of Wool, all other manufactures of wool, or of which wool is a coinponent part, and on ready made clothing, fifty per centum ad valorem." Now, looking to the terms of this clause, and the connexion in which hosiery stands with the other enumerated articles, the natural construction of it would certainly be, that it was resfricted to hosigry, ejusdem generis, that is to say, hosiery of wool, or of which wool was a component part. It stands in connexion with mits, gloves, binding, blankets, and carpeting, and the exceptions carved out of it are all articles composed of wool, viz. certain kinds of carpetings and blankets. It is followed by flannels, bockings, and baizes, coach laces, and merino shawls, and then come the sweeping. words, "all other manufactures of wool, or of which wool is a component part ;" which certainly seem to presuppose that all the preceding enumerated articles were of a kindred nature and fabric. The words "ready made clothing," follow this enumeration, and, therefore, are not necessarily governed by the same interpretation, 3ince they are not inserted as a qualification of the sweeping words already referred to, but stand as an independent descriptive specification, capable of being applied to every variety of ready made clothing, whatever May be the fabric. No'argument, therefore, can properly be derived from this part of the clause respecting ready made clothing, to control the natural deductions arising from the antecedent language of the'same clause.
But the case before us does not turn upon the interpretation of 'the second clause standing alone, but it is-materially affected by the fifteenth clause of the same section of the act, which prescribes a rate of duty on manufactures of silk, in the following words: "On all manufactures of silk or of which silk shall be a component part, coming from beyond the Cape of Good Hope, ten per centum ad valorem, and on all other manufactures of silk, or of which silk is a, component part, five per centum ad valorem, except sewing silk, which shall be forty per centum ad valorem." Now, this language in its positive import, includes all manufactures of silk except sewing silk; and the very exception of sewing silk, lends additional force to the conclusion, that no other manufactures of silk were intended to be excepted from the operation of the clause, upon the
well known maxim, that an exception in a statute amounts to an

272

SUPREME COURT.

(William B. Bend V8. Jesse Hoyt.]
affirmation of the application of its provisions to all other cases not excepted, Upon what ground, then, can this Court say, that silk hose, being a manufacture of silk, is not solely and exclusively liable to the duty imposed by the fifteenth-clause of the section ? Upon none, unless it manifestly appears to be repugnant to-some other provision of the statute. No such repugnancy exists if ,we construe the word "hosiery," in the second clause of the second Pection to mean, as in its natural connexion it imports, hosiery of wool, or of which wool is a component part. On the other hand, if w' construe "hosiery" in this connexion, to include silk hose, then all other manufactures of silk, except sewing silk, are not governed by the fifteenth clause; and thus We create a positive repugnancy between the second and fifteenth clauses. Now, it is the duty of Courts of Justice so to construe all statutes as to give full effect to all the wordr in their ordinary sense, if this can be properly done; and
thus to preserve the harmony of all the provisions. And" besides, It we are to'create an implied exception as to hosiery, the same rule might be applied to silk mits, silk gloves, and silk bindings; and if there are such articles, to carpetings of silk. Indeed, there woul be no end to implied exceptions. If the legislature meant specially to except silk hose, or any other particular manufactures of silk from the general language, the natural course would have been to have placed them as exceptions with sewing silk; and the onission is, in our judgment, conclusive to show that none others were intended.
If we look back to-the duty act of the 19th of May, 1828, ch. 55, which the act of 1832 was designed in a great measure to modify or supersede, and in which, for the first, time in our legislature, "hosiery" is mentioned, co nomine; there cannot bena doubt that the legislative intention, then, was confined to woollen hosiery. The second clauge of the second section of that act is iw the following words: "On manufactures of wool, or of which wool shall be a compo nent part, except carpeting, blanketc, worsted stuff goods, bombazines, hosiery, mits, gloves, caps, and bindings, the actual value of which at the place wtfence imported shall not exceed fifty cents the square yard, shall be deetned to have cost fifty cents the square yard, and be charged with a duty of forty per centum ad valorem, &c., &c." The third, fourth, fifth, and sixth clauses of the same section lay a particular duty on other manufactures of wool, "except as aforesaid ;" and then the seventh, taking up the exception, says, "on woollen blankets, hosiery, mits, gloves, and bindings, twenty-five per cent. ad valorem.. On clothing ready made, fifty per centum ad valorem." It is impossible, reading these clauses in connexion, not to perceive that the exceptions in the second clause, are wholly of fabrics of wool, or of which wool
is a component material; for every exception must be considered in such a case to be of something ejusdem generis. Then follows in the sixth clause, ' On all manufactures of silk, oi"of which silk is the component material, coming from beyond the Cape of Good

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

273

[Williani B. Bend vs. Jesse Hoyt.;
Hope, a duty"of twenty per ceptum ad vialorem, &c.; and on all other manufactures of silk, or of which s4ilk shall be- a comiponent material, twenty per centum ad valorem." Construing,. hen, these acts as being in part materia, it we were- at liberty to look beyond the act of 18$2, to the antecedeht ,state of the law on this subject, the duty on hosiery, as such, was confined to hosiery of wool, or of which wool is a component part.
But if any doubt could be entertained upon the act of 1832, ch. 224, interpreted by itself, or by the antecedent laws, we think none whatsoever can be entertained as to the true intendriient and operation of the act of 2d of, March, 1833, ch. 354. That act in the fourth section, expressly enacts, that in addition to the articles then exempted from duty by the act of 1832, and other existing laws, from the payment of duties, the following articles, imported from and after the 31st of December, 1833, and unti[.the 30th'pf June, 1842, shall also be admitted free from duty; "to wit, bleached and. unbleached linens, table linen, linen napkins, and linen cambrics, and worsted stuff goods, shawls, and other manufactures of silk and worsted, manufactures of silk, or -of which silk shall be the component -material: of chief value, coming from this side of the Cape of Good Hope, except sewing silk." This section, in express terms, declares that manufactures of silk coming from this side of the Cape of Good Hope, (which is the very predicament of the silk hose in question,) except sewing silk, shall be free from duty. And it would violate every rule of interpretation to hold, that where the legislature had declared all manufactures of silk, except one, free
from duty,,the Court should create other exceptions by its own authority, without any express or implied intent on the part of the legislature, manifested in the context to warrant such exceptions.
Upon the whole, we are of opinion, first, that upon -the facts stated, the present action is not maintainable: and, secondly, that
silk hose is free of duty under the act of 1833. A certificate will be sent to the Circuit Court, accordingly.

Mr. Justice THOMPSON, dissenting. The amount in controversy in this case is too small to attach muen importance to it, on that account. 'But the principle involved in the decision, and the practical effect it is to have upon the cotrse of business at the customhouse, between the merchant and collector; must be my excuse for publicly dissenting from the opinion of the Court, in a case apparently of so little importance in itself. I fully concur in'that part of the opinion which ekempts the goods in question (silk hos*'ery) from the payment of anyduty; but dissent from that part which exonerates the collector from an-action to recovr back. the duties received by him vithout any autb ritywar-
ranted by 'lw. The.only question presented Dy the point Certified to this Court, is
whether the plaintiff is entitled to recover from the collector a sum of money, 'admitted to have been paid to him by mistake, without
36

274

SUPREME COURT.

[William B. Bend vs. Jesse Hoyt.]
the least colour or suspicion of fraud or mis-conduct on the part of the plaintiff; and the mistake made known to the collector before the money was actually paid, and a claim interposed to have it deducted from his bond. The opinion of the Court upon the other point certified, settles the question that the 'silk hosiery on which the duty was paid, was riot subject io duty. The money was therefore in the hands of the collector, without any right whatever to hold it, and exacted in violation of law; not a voluntary payment, but demanded under the penalty,,of a loss of credit at the customhouse, if the bond was not paid. If, under such circumstances, the money cannot be recovered back, it must rest upon some stern and unyielding principles of law or public-policy, against the manifest justice of the case. But, in my judgment, there are no principles of law or public policy thatcan uphold such a course on.the part of the pollector. , But it may be proper to state, a little more particularly, the circumstances under which the money was paid to the collector. Upon 'the trial in the Circuit Court, an affidavit of the plaintiff was produced and read in evidence by the defendant-; and he cannot now be permitted to deny the truth of the facts therein stated. In this affidavit, the plaintiff states, that in March, 1837, he imported from Liverpool, in the ship Roscoe, eight cases and casks of hosiery and gloves, 6wned by Barker and Adams, manufacturers of Nottingham in England, and consigned by them to him for sale. That his clerk not being able to ascertain from the wording of the invoice, Which packages contained gloves and which hosiery, and knowing that cotton gloves and cotton hosiery paid the same duty; he entered them all at the Customhouse as cotton gloves, and a duty of twentyfive per cent. was. charged upon them by the collector, and'he gave bonds for the payment of the duties. That upon an examination of the goods contained in one of the cases, marked B 45,he found them to be spun silk hosiery, and not cotton gloves, as entered at the customhouse. That the goods are called upon the original invoice passed at the customhouse, "spun knots," a term well known in:the trade to be applied to hosiery of silk only; and that he verily believed, that the error of entry of the said case as paying duty, arose from the ignorance of the clerk who made the entry. That he did not upon this, nor does he upon any occasion examine whether the customhouse entries made by his clerk are correct. And he further swears, that he had never sold any part of that case; and that, to the best of his knowledge and belief, nothing had been taken from or added to it, but that it was in every respect in the same condition as it was when he received it.
This deposition establishes, beyond all controversy, that the entry was a pure mistake. And suppose it arose from the ignorance of the clerk in not understanding the kind of goods called spun knots ? It was equally the ignorance of the customhouse officer who received the entry; for not only the oath upon which the entry was made, states that the original invoice was presented to the collector, upon which the article is denominated spun knots; but it is required by

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

275

[Wiiam B. Bend vs. Jesse Hoyt.]
law, that the original invoice should be produced to the collector at the time the entry is made, 1 Story, 606, s. 36. He had therefore the same means of knowing what the cases contained, as the clerk who made the entry, the cases not having been opened or examined. It was, therefore, a case of mutual error or mutual dgnorance. .There are no grounds whatever for charging the plaintiff with negligence in this case. He pursued the ordinary course of business. Entries at the customhouse are usually made by clerks. But if no mistake made by a clerk can be corrected, every merchant will be obliged to submit in silence to all losses occasioned by mistakes, or attend in person to make his entries; which will be entirely changing the course of business. But suppose the plaintiff himself had made the mistake; can it be that it is beyond the reach of the law to correct such mistakes. The rule now laid down by the Court would equally extend to such a case. If there are any grounds whatever to suspect fraud or imposition, it is open to inquiry. But to close the door again.st correcting innocent mistakes, on any supposed ground of public. policy, is applying a very severe rule to the transaction of
business at the customhouse, ,and one that, in my judgment, is not called for to protect the revenue of the country. And the very form of the oath required by law to be made on the entry, presupposes that mistakes may be committed, and provides for the correction of them. The person on whose oath the entry is made, swears that the invoice and bill of lading presented to the collector, :is the true and only invoice of the goods received, and that the entry contaims a just and true account of the goods according to the invoice-
and bill of lading, and that nothing to his knowledge has been suppressed or concealed, whereby the United States may be defrauded of any part of the duty lawfully due on the said goods; and that if at any time thereafter, he discovers any error in the invoice, or in the account rendered of the goods, &c., he will immediately make theame known to the collector. There is nothing in this case to tale' it out of the rule of law applicable to ordinary innocent mistakes.
The original invoice was produced and laid before the collector as'by law required, to be examined and compared with the entry; in which invoice the goods are denominated spun knots. If, therefore, there was any supposed error in the clerk inentering them as gloves, it was the duty of the collector to have corrected the-error; and he is as much charigeable with negligence as the clerk. But the
reason why no notice was taken of it, doubtless, was, that, it was altogether unimportant in the view of the collector: for he consi-
dered the duty chargeable upon the goods as hosiery, and that it was perfectly immaterial whether. it was cotton or silk hosiery.
There is nothing in the case to show that the error or mistake was not immediately made known to the collector, as soon as it was discovered; o that the collector made any objection to correcting it on that account. And it was in proof that it was made known to
himn before the duties were paid. It having been settled by this

SUPREME COURT.
[William B. Bend vs. Jesse Hoyt.]
Court, that according to the true construction of the acts of Congress, no duties could be demanded upon this hosiery, there can be no doubt that if the plaintiff had noc pgid the duties, but suffered his bond to b6 prosecuted, -this mistake in the estimate of duties might have been set up by way of defence, and deduction from the bond. The bond is not given for the payment of any sum certain for the duties; but in a penalty sufficient to cover the supposed amount, with a condition to pay the amount of duties to be ascertained upon the goods in the entry referred to, 1 Story, 629, s. 62: and the questionis therefore open to inquiry, what was the amount due upon the goods contained in such entry, if any error or mistake has occurred. But the obligors in the bond cannot permit themselves to be sued, without forfeiting their credit at the customhouse; for the act of Con-' gress declares, that no person whose bond has been received either as principal or surety for the payment of 'duties, and which bond may be due and unsatisfied, shall be allowed a future credit for duties, until such bond shall be fully paid or satisfied. And the merchant had better submit to the imposition of paying illegal duties, especially if they are of small amount, than to have his credit suspended at the customhouse until he can try the question in a suit upon the bond. M6ney exacted unfder such circumstances, is but little short of duress, if the collector is protected from any suit to recover it back. I cannot believe that there is any principle of law or public policy, that can be permitted to work such injustice. Due notice wa* given to the collector before the bond fell due of the mistake, and a claim to have the deduction made upon the bond; and no pretence on the part of the collector that the notice came too late, or any suggestion of fraud or unfair conduct .on the part of the plaintiff, The collector therefore acted with full knowjedge of all the facts-and indeed under an implied admission of the mistake. For helrofessed to act under the instructions of the comptroller of the treasury, that no errors of fact could be corrected after the merchan-, dise had passed beyond the control of the officers of the customs. 'If such be the rule of the customhouse, no errors or mistakes can be corrected, unless every'package of goods shall be opened and examined at the public stores before- being delivered to the merchant, which would be contrary to the uniform course of business. But I trust the instructions of the comptroller are not to be assumed as lawA.lthough instructions from the treasury department may afford aft apology for the collector, and exonerate him from any intentional violation of duty, yet it can never be admitted, that they can shield him from all responsibility, when not warranted by the rules and principles of law.' If any authority is necessary to support -this position, it wil be found in the case of Elliot vs. Swartwout, 10 Peters, 153,.where it is expressly laid down, that instructions from the treasury department cannot change the law or affect the rights of the parties: that the collector is not bound to take and adopt
such in§tructions, but is,'at liberty to' judge for, himself, -and act

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

277

[William B. Bend vs. Jesse Hoyt.)
accordingly. And, in that case, the personal responsibility of the collector is fully examined; and his liability held to be governed by the fact, whether he has paid over the money to the treasury befbre any notice of a claim to have it refundea has been given to him. And it is there settled, that where the money has been paid over to the treasury, without any notice or objection to its being paid over, it is to be considered a purely voluntary payment!; and no suit can be maintained against the collector to recover it *back: but when, at the time of payment, notice is given to the collector that the duties are charged too high, and accompanied with a declai~ion, by the party paying the money, that he intends to prosecute him to recover back the amount erroneously paid, in such cage the collector is personally liable. And the Court" add, that such must necessarily be the- rule, unless the broad proposition can be main-
tained, that no action will lie against a collector to recover back an excess of duties paid him, but that recourse must be had to the
government for redress. Such a principle, say the Court, would be extending an exemption to a public officer, beyond any protection sanctioned by any principle of law or sound public policy. And numerous cases iln the English Courts are referred to, where suits have been
maintained against public officers, to recover back money paid to obtain a release and discharge of goods seized, which were not liable to seizure: the Courts observing, that the revenue laws ought not to be made the means of oppressing the subject. And if an
action would lie to reco.ver back money paid to obtain possession of goods illegally seized, the same principle will sustain an action to recover back money illegally exacted, under the penalty of forfeiting all credit at the customhouse, due notice having been given to the collector not to pay it over to the treasury. The true doctrine on this subject is laid down in the case of Bize vs. Dickason, 1 Term. Rep. 286. Lord Mansfield there said the rule had always
been, that if a man has paid what the law would not have compelled him to pay, but what in equity and conscience he ought to pay, he cannot recover it back in an action for money had and
received: but where nmoney is paid under a mistake, which there was no ground to claim in conscience, the party may rec6ver it back
again in this kind of action. If this be the true rule, of which I think there can be -no doubt, the plaintiff has a right to recover back the money in this case. It is fully proved that it was included in his bond by mistake, and was held by the collector, without any right in law or conscience to retain it; and payment of the bond was exacted under the penalty of forfeiture of credit at the customhouse. If an action against the collector cannot be maintained to recover back money paid under such circumstances, it is difficult to conceive a case that would sustain an action.

'This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the southern district of New York; and on the points and questions on which the judges
VOL. XII.-2 A

278

SUPREME COURT.

[WilliamA B. Bend vs. Jesse Hoyt.]
of the said Court were opposed in opinion, and which were certified to this Court for its opinion, agreeably to the act of Congress in such case made and, provided; and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is the opinion of this Court, First, that upon the facts stated in the case, the plaintiff, Bend, is not entitled to recover back the excess pf duties paid by him on the package number 45, as mentioned in the case. And, Secondly, that silk hose is entitled to be admitted to entry free of duty, under the act of the 2d of March, 1833, entitled, "An act to modify the act of the 14th of July, 1832, and all other acts imposing duties on imports;" which declares that all manufactures of silk, or of which silk is the component material of chief value, coming from this side of the Cape of Good Hope, except sewing silk, shall be free of duty. Whereupon it is ordered and adjudged by this Court, that it be so certified p) the said Circuit Court; and that this cause be remanded to the said Court, that further proceedings may be had therein according to law.

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

THE HEIRS OF WILLIAM EMERSON, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, vs.
CHARLES H. HALL, DEFENDANT IN ERROR.

The Josepha Secunda, was condemned for a violation of the laws of the United States, prohibiting the slave trade; and by a decree, the District Court of Louisiana allov~ed the claim of the collector, the surveyor, and naval officer, who had prosecuted for the forfeiture, to a portion of the proceeds of the sale of the property condemned. This decree was afterwards reversed, and the whole proceeds adjudged to the United States, on an appeal to the Supreme Court. William Emerson, the surveyor, afterwards died; and in 1831, Congress passed an act for the relief of the collector, the heirs'of William Emerson, and the heirs of the naval officer; under the authority of which the sums which bad been adjudged to those officers, and which had remained in the District Court of Louisiana, were by an order of the Court paid to them according to the provisions of the law. One of the creditors of William Emerson claimed the sum so paid to his
legal representatives, as assets for the payment of his debt. Held, that the payment made by order of the District Court, to the minor children of William Emerson, as hilt legal heirs, was rightfully made: and that the same cannot be considered in their hands
as assets for the payment of the debts of their father. The prosecution of the Josepha Secunda by the officers of the customs of Louisiana, was
not done under the authority of any law, or by any authority; and these sets imposed no obligation, either in law or equity, on the government to compensate them. 'The claim for those services could not hav4e been set up either as an equitable or a legal offset to any demand of the government against them, or either of them; while, under the
rules of law, any specific demand on the government which imposed on, it even an equitable obligation, might be set up as an offset. Services rendered under the requirements of law, or of contract, for which a compensation is fixed, constitute a legal demand on the government. Services rendered under an authority which is casual, or in some degree discretionary, may constitute an equitable claim. N'o individual can be made a debtor against his will. Voluntary benefits may be conferred on him, which may excite his gratitude; or vhich in the exercise, of his generosity he may suitably rewa'd. But this depends on his own volition. It would constitute a singular item undel the law of assets, to raise a charge against an individual for a benefit conferred by some voluntary act of kindness. The rule ;s the same, whether the benefit be conferred on the government or an individual.
A claim against a foreign government for spoliations is not of this, character The demand in such a case is founded on the law'of nations, and the obligation is perfect on. the offending government.

IN error from the Supreme Court of the eastern district of Louis-

iana.

In 1829, Charles H. Hall, residing in New York, presented a pe-

tition to the Court of Probates of the city and parish of New Or-

leans, stating. that the estate of William Emerson, deceased, was

indebted to him, in the sum of 'seventeen hundred dollars and up-

wards, with interest; and he prayed the Court, that Charles Byrne,

the tutor and ourator of the children of William Emerson, should

be decreed to allow the debt, and to pay the same.

Mr. Byrne, as tutor and curator of the minor heirs of William Emerson, by his answer, denied that the estate of Emerson was in any

wise indebted to the petitioner: and on the 8th of February, 1830,

a decree was given in the Court of Probates against the estate of

Emerson for the amount of the debt claimed in the petition.

Afterwards a case was submitted to the Court of Probates by the

VOL. XIII.-2 M

52

410

SUPREME COURT;

[Heirs of Emerson vs. Hall.)
petitioner, Charles H1. Hall, and Charles Byrne, tutor and curator, &c. by which it appeared, that William Emerson died in the year 1828; previous to that time, he, as surveyor, B. Chew, as collector, and E.
Lorrain, as naval officer of the port of New Orleans, had, at their sole expense, the brig Josepha Secunda condemned in the name of the United States, in the District Court of the United States, for the Louiisiana district, for an infraction of the slave laws; they claimed title to the pfoceeds of this seizure, as the true and actual captors and seizors, who made the last and only effectual seizure, and prosecuted the same to a final decree of condemnation. The decree of the District Court allowed the claim; but the case ha-zing been
broughtup before. the Supreme Court of the United States, that tribunal reversed the judgment, on the ground that Congress had made no provision for their compensation; and they were left, in common with those who made the military seizure, to, the liberality of the government. Thereupon, the said collector, and surveyor, and naval officer, applied for relief to Congress, and obtained from that branch of the government, an act entitled "An act for the relief of Beverly
Chew, the heirs of Willian'i Emerson, deceased, and the, heirs of Lorrain, deceased," the same being duly approved on the 3d March, 1831 ; and in compliance with the provisions of*said act, upon mo-
tion before the District Court, the moneys remaining in Court after the payment of costs were paid over to Beverly Chew, and to the legal representatives of both Emerson and Lorrain.
The question for the decision of the Court was, whether the money-received by the minor children, as the legal representatives of William Emerson, by virtue of the act of Congress of the 3d of March, 1831, could be made liable for the payment of the'debts of
their father. The judge of the Court of Probates decreed that the judgment
rendered in favour of the petitioner, should be satisfied out of those moneys or any other assets belonging to the estate, in the hands of the curator, or in those of the heirs of the deceased.
Mr. Byrne, as curator and tutor, appealed from this decree, to the Supreme Court of Louisiana; by which Court, the decree of the
-Court of Probate was affirmed. This appeal, under the 25th section of the judiciary act of 1789,
was prosecuted on behalf of the heirs of William Emerson.

Coxe, for the appellants, contended that the moneys derived by the childreu of William Emerson, Under the act of Congress of .3d
March, 1831, were not assets for this payment of the debts of their father. They were a gratuity from the government of the United States; and made no part of the personal assets to which the curator of the estate was entitled. They were not a debt due by the Upited States to the naval officer. The whole proceeds of the Josepha Secunda, had, by the decree of the Supreme Court of the United States, been held to be the property of the United States. The act

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

411

[Heirs of Emerson vs. Hall.]
of Congress gave a portion of those proceeds to the officers of the customs; but this was a gift, and not the admission of a claim.

Mr. Justice M'LEAN delivered the opinion of the Court. This is a writ of error to the Supreme Court of the state of Louis-
iana, under the 25th, section of the judiciary act. The defendant here, as plaintiff, in the Court of Probate at New
Orleans, recovered a juagment in 1830, against the estate of William Emerson, for seventeen hundred and eighty-eight dollars and
sixty-two cents; and the question in this case is, whether the heirs of Emerson shall be held responsible for the payment of this judgment under the following circumstances,.
In April, 1818, Emerson, being surveyor of the port of New Orleans, with B. Chew, the collector, and E. Lorrain, the naval officer, seized the brig Josepha Secunda, for a violation of the laws which prohibit the impprtation of slaves, and instituted proceedings against her, which resulted in the condemnation of the-vessel and slaves. This judgment being pronounced by the District Court of the United States for Louisiana, was affirmed on an appeal to the Supreme Court of the United States.
On the cause being remanded to the District Court, the negroes 'having been sold as well as the vessel, a questian was raised by several claimants, as to the distribution of the proceeds of the sale: and thelDistrict Court, dismissing the claims of others allowed those of the collector, the' surveyor, and the naval officer. From this decree there was an appeal to this Court. And as appears from 10 Wheat. 331, this Court decided that the proceeds, under the laws of the United States, should not be paid to the customhouse officers, who made the seizure, but that they vested in the United States. The decree of the District Court, making the allowance, was therefore reversed; and that part of it, which dismissed the petition of
other claimants was affirmed.
In 1828, Emerson died, leaving heirs. On the 3d Mar h, 1831, an act, entitled, "An act for the relief of Beverly Chew he heirs of William Emerson, deceased, and the heirs of Edwarcl Lorrain, deceased," was passed by Congress. The preamble of this act states, "Whereas, the brig Josepha Secunda was condemned in the name of the United States, in the District Court of the United States for the'Louisiana district, in the year 1818, on the seizure and prosecution, and atthe sole expense of Beverly Chew, collector of the district of Mississippi, William Emerson, deceased, surveyor, and Edwin Lorrain, deceased, naval officer of the port of New Orleans, for an infraction of the slave laws: and whereas, the one-half of the proceeds of the said brig and her cargo are now deposited, subject to the order of the said Court, which half. would have been payable to the said Beverly Chew, William Emerson, and William Lorrain, but for anomission in the laws heretofore passed on that-subject; therefore, be it enacted, &c., that the District Court of the United States be authorized and di-

412

SUPI EME COURT.

[Heirs of EmersQn.w. Hall.]
rected to order the proceeds of the said seizure now deposited, subject to the order of said Court, be paid over to the said Beverly Chew, and the legal represetatives of the said William Emerson 'and Edwin Lorrain, respectively."
The question whether the sum of money receiyed by the heirs f Emerson, tinder this law, was assets in their hands, and liable to his debts, was first raised in the Court, of probate, which decided that it was so liable : and this judgment was, on an appeal to the Supreme Court of the state, affirmed.
In the seizure and prosecution of the'vessel for a violation of law. Emerson, with those who co-operated with him, rendered a meritorious service to the public. But he acted under no law, nor by virtue of any 'authority. And his acts imposed no obligation, either in law or equity, on-the government to compensate him forhis services., Had he been prosecuted on a debt due to the government, he could not have set up these services, either as an equitable or legal offset. And this he might do, under the rules of law, of any specific demand he might have on the government, which imposed on it even an equitable obligation.
It is true, the payment of a debt cannot be enforced against the government by suit; but claims against it are n'ot the less legal or equitable on that account. Services rendered under the requirements of law or of contract, for which a compensation is fixed, con.stitute a legal demand. Services rendered under an authority which is casual, or in some degree discretionary, may constitute an equitable claim. An individual, by timely efforts, may, save from destruction, by fire or otherwise, a large amount of public property. This would be a highly meritorious act; b?ut would it constitute a claim on the government for compesation
From motives of public policy, the government might bestow a suitable reward on the individual in such a case ; but this would be a gratuity on its part. And if this reward were given to the heirs of such an individual, could it be reached by his creditors? Numerous pensions have been given by law-to heirs for the military services of their ancestors; and are these pensions liable'to the debts of the ancestors ?" UndIer all the, provisions of this kind, has it ever been supposed, that the pension, though given to the legal representatives of the deceased, and on the ground of military services, should be paid to his administrators? No, individual can be made a debtor against his will. Voluntary benefits may be conferred on him,.which ma- excite his gratitude, and which, in the exer"cise of his ,generosity, he may suitably reward. But this depends on his own volition.
It would constitute a singular item under the law of assets to raise a charge against an individual, for a benefit conferred on him by some voluntary act Of kindness. To find an obligation in such a case, we must look into those writers on ethics who speak of imperfect obligations, which cannot be enforced. The rule is the same,

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

413

[Heirs of Emerson vs. Hall]
whether the voluntary benefit be conferred on an individual, or on the government.
Had Emerson become insolvent and made an assignment, would. this claim, if it may be called a claim, have passed to his assignees! We think, clearly, it would not. Under such an assignment, what could have passed? The claim is a nonentity. Neither in lkw nor in equity has it any existence. A benefit was voluntarily conferred on the government; but this was not done at the request of any officer of the government, or under the sanction of any law or authority, express or implied. And under such circumstances, can a claim be raised against the government, which shall pass by a legal assignment, or go into the hands of an administrator as assets?
If in this form debts could be originated against the government or an individual, there would be no security against- such demands. One party, without the consent pf the other, makes the contract, and assigns it to his creditors. For if there be even an equitable claim, it arises out of a contract express or implied: A claim against a foreign government for spoliations is not of this character. The demand is, in such case, founded upon the law of nations, and the obligation is perfect on the offending government. It is true, remuneration cannot be recovered against the government by action at law, but if justice be not done, the government of the injured citizen, in the exercise of its' discretion, will protect and enforce his rights.
In the case of Comeygs et.al. vs. Vasse, 1 Peters, 193, this Court held, that the assignees of a bankrupt are entitled to a share of the indemnity for unjust spoliation, provided for under the treaty of 1819 with Spain. But that case is not analogous to the one under consideration. By the law, of nations, Spain was bound to indemnify the oiv ners of foreign vessels which had been illegally captured and condemned under her authority.
A claim having no foundation in law, but depending entirely on the generosity of the government, constitutes no basis for the action of any legal principle. It cannot be assigned.. It does not go to the administrator as assets. It does not descend to the heir. And if the government, from motives of public policy, or any other considerations, shall think proper, under such circumstances, to make a grant of money to the heirs of the claimant, they receive it as a gift or pure donation. A donation made, it is true, in reference to some meritorious act of their ancestor, but which did not constitute a matter of right against the government.
In the present case, the government might have directed the money to be paid to the creditors of Emerson, or to any part of his heirs. Being the donor, it could, in the exercise of its discretion, make such distribution or application of its bounty as circumstances might require.., And it has, under the tide of an act, "for the relief ,of the heii. of Emerson," directed, in the body of the act, the money' to be paid to his legal representatives. That the heirs were.
9M ,

414,

SUPREME CqURT.

.[Heirs of Emerson vs. Hall.)
intended by this designation is clear; and we think 'the payment which has been made to them, under this act, has been rightfully mad6; and that the fund cainot be cohsidered as assets in their l ands for the payment of debts.
As the-decision of the Supreme Court of Louisiaiia is not iii accordaace with this view the judgment of that Court is reversed, with costs.'

This cause 'tame on to be heard on the transcript of the record fiom the Supreme Court of the state of Louisiana, aid was argued by c6 unsel. On consideration whereof, it is ordered and adjudged
by this Court, that the judgment of the said Supreme Court in diis cause be, and the same is hereby, reversed, with costs; and that this
cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said, Supreme Court, that further proceedings may be had therein, in conformity
to the opinion of this Court.

SUPREME COURT.
JONATHAN MEREDI'TH AND 'THOMAS ELLICOTT, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, vs. THE UNITED STATES, DEFENDANTS IN ERROR.
An action was instituted by the United States, to recover from the assignees' of S. Smith and Buchanan, insolvent merchants, the duties on merchandise imported by them, and for which bonds had been given, but which remained unpaid. The United States had retained, from money awarded under the treaty with France to Lemuel Taylor, who was the surety in the bonds, a sufficient sum to pay the bonds; but had not appropriated the same towards their satisfaction. The assignees claimed to set off against the demand of the United States the amount due by Lemuel Taylor to the estate they represented, he having been discharged by the insolvent laws of Maryland. The Court said; "whatever might be the merits of such an equitable claim, in any suit brought by Lemuel Taylor, the insolvent, or by his assignee, against S. smith and Buchanan, or against their assignees; it could have no proper place in a suit brought by the United States to recover denands justly due to them for duties. 'Itwas to them rcsinter alios acta, and the United States were not called upon to engage in, or to unravel any of the accounts and set-offs existing between those parties, in a suit at law like the present," ,
The importeds of goods'do, in virtue of the importation thereof, become personally indebted to the United States for the duties thereon;--and the remedy of'the United States for the duties is not exclusively confined to the, lien on the goods,'and the security of the bond given for the duties. The duties 3ue upon all goods imported constitute a personal debt due- to' the United States from the importer; independently of any lien on the goods and of any bond given for the duties. The jonsignee of goods imported is for this purpose treated as the owner and importer.
The right of the government to the duties accrues, in the fiscal sense of the term, when the goods have arrived at the port of entry. The debt for the duties is then due, although it may be payable afterwards accordirig to the regulations of acts of Congress.
The debt due to the United States for duties on imported nerchandise, is not extinguished Ib the giving of bonds, with surety, for the same. The revenue collection act of 1799, 128, requires that the collector should take the bonds for the duties from all the persons who are the importers; whether they be partners, or part owners.
The government of the United States have a right to retain money in their hands belonging to a surety in a bond given foq duties which is unpaid, until a suit shall be terminated for the recovery of the amoun of the duties on 'the goods due by the importers. The government'is not obliged to appropriate the money of the surety to the satisfaction of the bond, but may hold it as a security until the suit is determined.
IN error from the Circuit Court of the United States for the district of Maryland.
The United States instituted an action of assumpsit against Jonathan Meredith and Thomas Ellicott, to recover from them, as the assignees of Samuel Smith, James A. Buchanan, and Thomas A. Buchanan, formerly trhding as merchants under the firm of S. Smith and Bu-. chanan, a certain amount due to the United States for duties; the United States claiming a right of priority of payment against the estate in the hands of the trustees. The deed of trust to the plaintiffs in error was executed by S. Smith and Buchanan, on the 9th of November, 120.
In July, 1818, there was imported into Baltimore, by S. Smith and Buchanan, ,and by Hollins and M'Blair a quantity of merchandise from Canton on board the brig Unicorn, and in February, 1810, the same persons imparted from Calcutta a.quantity of merchandise on board of the ship Brazijihn,. In the importation by the

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

487

[Meredith et a. vs. The United States.)
Unicorn, S. Smith and Buchanan had an interest of two-thirds, and of five-ninths in the cargo of the Brazilian; the remaining interest in both importations belonging to Hollins and M'Blair.
Entries of the merchandise of both cargoes were made by John Smith Hollins, one of the joint importers, and a partnef-in the firm of Hollins and M'Blair; who, with James A. Buchanan, also one of the joint importers, and, a partner in the firm of S. Smith and Buchanan, and a certain Lemuel Taylor, executed to the United States their joint and several bonds for,the payment of the duties.
Upoli these bonds, the United States afterwards instituted actions against each of the obligors, and recovered judgments in the Circuit Court for the district of Maryland. These judgments have been twice revived by scire facias; and are now in full force and unreversed.
S. Smith and Buchanan afterwards became insolvent, as also did Lemuel Taylor. A large sum of money was, awarded under the treaty with France to Lemuel Taylor, which was claimed by Mr. Colt, his assignee: but the. United States withheld a part, thereof,
being the amount of the bonds given for the duties on the importations by the brig Unicorn and ship Brazilian, for which Lemuel Taylor was surety. A large sum of money was also awarded to
Smith and Buchanan, under the treaty with France, which was paid to Messrs. Meredith and Ellicott, their assignees. The sum so received by the assignees was sufficient to pay the amount
claimed by the United States for the duties on the portions of cargoes of the Unicorn and Brazilian, which had been imported by S. Smith
and Buchanan, but not enough to pay their partnership debts. The United States had not adverted to the alleged liability of S. Smith
and Buchanan; for the duties unpaid on their importations, when
the awards under the French treaty were paid to their assignees. The case was tried before the Circuit Court of Maryland, and a
verdict rendered in favour 'of the United States. The defendants prosecuted this writ of error.
In the progress of the trial, the defendants, now plaintiffs in error,
offered* e'Videnhe to prove, that at the time of Lemuel Taylor's application for the benefit of the insolvent laws of Maryland, he was indebted, and still remains indebted to the estate of S. Smith and Buchanan, in a sum more than sufficient to. pay the whole amount due upon the several bonds for duties before-mentioned; but the admissibility of this evidence was objected to by the counsel for the United States, and the Court sustained the objection.

The case was argued by Mr. Johnson and Mr. Meredith for the plaintiffs in error; and by Mr. Nelson for the United States.

For the plaintiffs in error it was contended:That the evidence ought to have been admitted. And upon the main questions in the case it was fuxther cort.
%ended-

SUPREME COURT.

,Meredith et al. vs. The United Statee.)

I. That the debt to the United States for the duties on me two

joint importations by the Unicorn and Brazilian, arose exclusively

upon the bonds given therefor; and that the United States had never

any other cause of action for said duties.

II. That if S. Smith and Buchanan were liable to the United States.

for said duties, before the execution and delivery of the bonds, then

the same, having been given and accepted, operated in law asan

extinguishment of such previous liability.

III. That the United States. have been fully paid and satisfied the

amount due for, duties on the said joint impqrtations out of' the

moneys received on account of the awards in favour of the trustees

of Lemuel Taylor; under the French treaty.

Mr. Meredith and Mr. Johnson for the plaintifs in error, contended that the set-off of the debts due by Lemuel Taylor to S. Smith

and Buchanan should have been allowed. The real parties in the

cause were the assignees of S. Smith and Buchanan, and the as-

signee of Lemuel ,Taylor. The United States had no interest in the

controversy. The suit was brought ii the name of the Unit ed State ,

and its"effect, if successful, would be to relieve from the lien of the

United States the funds retained by them from the French indem-

nity, and to enable the assignees of Lemuel Taylor to receive the

amount. from the treasury of the United States. The case therefore,

stood, in fact, as a controversy between the estates of the insolverits

represented by assignees. The United States' have expressly dis-

-claimed, by the law officer, all interest in the cause. Under such

circumstancesi the law of set-off. fully applies. Cited, 1 Term Rep.

62L 1 Washington C. C. R. 427. 3-East'sRep. 257. 10 Wendll's

Rep. 504. The'bonds operated as an extinguishment of the debt for the di-

ties which were due by the importers, and which were a lien on the

goods, until the bonds were given. On the executidn of the bonds,

wsphoincshibwileitrye

received by the collector of the importers,

as

the

substitute

for

the re-

and the lien on the goods, the claim

of. the United States was upon the bonds only. The only case which interferes with this position, is that of the
United States vs. Lyman, 1 Mason's C. C. R. 582. This is the only case in which an action for debt has been brought for duties claimed
by ,the United, States. It stands alone. among the decisions of the Courts :of the United States ; for although Mr. Justice Washington, in 2 Washington's Circuit Court Reports, 508, affirms the law as stated in the case ok the United States vs. Lyman, yet it was not
the question before-him. In the case of The United States vs. The Assignees of hnskeep and
Bradford, 3 Wash. C. C. Rep. 508, it was decided by Mr. Justice
Washington, that the assignees of Bradford and Inskeep, the assignors having become insolvent, were not liable out of the estate
assigned for duties on merchandise imported by Bradford and Ins-
keep, fok which Bradford had given a bond to the United States.. The bond was an extinguishmxent Qf the original debt. Cited alsq,

JANUARY TERM, I839.

489

tMeredith et al. vs. The United States.]
9 Bingham, 341. 23 Serg. and Lowber's English Corn, Law Rep. 30T0.he1r0e' Iibs indo. t5h5i.ng1 iMn athsse. a5c3t. of Congress which looks to any other obligation for the duties but the bond. In that act, the bonds are called bonds for the payment of the duties, and bonds for the duties.

Mr. Nelson, for the defendants-in error, insisted : 1. That S. Smith and Buchanan, by virtue of the importations'of 1818 and 1819, in the Unicorn and Brazilian, became personally liable to pay to the .United States two-thirds of the duties accruing
upon the first, and five-ninths of the duties acctuing upon the last
importation. 2. That being so personally liable, they were debtors to the United
States to the extent of that liability, on the 9th of November, 1820. 3. That the deed of conveyance from S. Smith and Buchanan to
the plaintiffs in error, of the 9th of November, 1820, was such as to entitle the United States to a priority in the distribution of the funds received u nder, said deed, &c.
4. That having shown the sum of sixty thousand dollars in the hands of the plaintiffs in error, received under the said conveyance,
the Circuit Court did not err in givingthe instructions- asked forby the defendants in error,-at the trial below.
In support of the first proposition, Mr. Nelson referred to the acts of Congress of the 27th of April, 1816, section 7; and of the 3dMarch, 1799, sections 30. 36. 49. 53. 56. 62.
To show that the duties accrued upon the importation, he referred to Attorney General vs. Strangforth, Bunbury, 97. Hargrave's Law Tracts, 212, 213. The Schooner Boston, 1 Gallison's Reports, 240. The Mary, ibid. 206. United States vs.,Arnold, ibid. 348. (S.'C.) 9 Cranch, 104. United States vs. Prince, 2 Gallison, 204. United States vs. Vowell, 5 Cranch, 368. United States vs. Lyman, 1 Mason's Reports, 499.
And that the obligation for the payment of the duties thus accruirig, attached to the importers personally and immediately, he maintained by a reference to Salter vs. Malapere, 1 Rolle's Reps. 382. Comyn's Digest, title Debt, (A. 9.) 2 Anstruther's Reports, 558. Parker's Reports, 279. United States vs. Lymari, 1 Mason, 499. United States vs. Aborn and others, 3 Mason, 130.
The third arid fourth propositions, Mr. Nelson stated, were clear upon the termg of the conveyance, which was for all the property of the grantors. 1 Kent's Commentaries, 229-233. Gordon's Di-
gest, 62, and notes. Having thus shown a once subsisting claimagainst S. Smith and
Buchanan, whose assignees the plaintiffs in error were, Mr. Nelson
proceeded to inquire whether there was any thing in the case made by the evidence offered by the plaintiffs in error at the trial below, to impair or discharge that claim' and he argueal that there W'as hot.
' 1. Because the bonds exhibited in the record operated no extinuishxent of the demand for duties.

490

SUPREME COURT.

[Meredith et'avls..The Unit3d States.]
2. Because the judgments and the proceedings thereon, offered in evidence by th4deferadants below, could produce no such effect:
and, 3. Because the record showed no payment or. satisfaction of the
claim in law or in fact. The bonds, Mr. Nelson argued, did not extinguish the claim for
duties Arising upon the importations; since, if even taken in pursuance of the acts of Congress, they were mere securities, and collateral to the original liability.
That the provisions of the acts of Congress must be regarded as incorporated in the bonds, and as evidencing the'terms upon which they were taken at the customhouse.
That those provisions showed that it never was the design of their enactment, that the bonds should be taken in satisfaction ; but, on the contrary, were looked to as mere securities. And in support of -this view, Mr. Nelson referred and copmented upon the acts of
Congress, of the 4th of July, 1789, of 1799, ch. 128, see. 36. 49. 62. .1 Mason's Rep. 482. 3 Mason, 130. Knox vs. Divers, 5 Mason, 395. Tom vs. Goderich, 2 Johnson's Reports, 213. Sherby vs. Champlin,'4 Johns. Reps. 465. United States vs. Astley and others, 3 Washington's C. C. Reps. 508.
But he insisted that the bonds in question were not statutory instruments: that they were voluntary and therefore collateral; and
consequently operated no extinguishment. That no one but the owner or owners, importe& or importers, con-
signee or consignees, were authorised to demand a credit for duties,
and to give bonds. Act of 1799 ch. 127, see. 62. Harris vs.Dennie, 3 Peters' Supreme Court Reports, 304.
That in this case, the importers were Hollins and M'Blair, and
S. Smith and Buchanan. That the bonds were not executed by them, but by John S. Hollins, as principal, and James A. Buchanan and Lemuel Taylor as sureties. That they Were, therefore, the bonds of others than the importers, owners, and donsignees; of a third person, or mere stranger, which could not operate an extinguishment of the simple contract debt, they being voluntaxy.
That John S. Hollins was one of the firm of Hollins and M'Blair,
Mr. Nelson argued could make no.difference, since the acts of Congress provide for no such case; and although it might be true, as between individuals, that the bond or other specialty of one partner would extinguish a simple contract debt due from the partnership,
the law presuming, in the absenceof proof to the contrary, that the creditor in accepting such bond or specialty, receives it in payment; yet under the acts of Congress, bonds of like character could have no such effect: precisely because no such presumption could exist -in relation to an officer purely ministerial, the collector having no authority to assent to any bond other than such as conform to the requirements of the statute.
That such an interpretation of the act of Congress was repugnant

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

491

[Meredith et a]. v8. The United States.)
to the obvious policy of its framers, since it would be calculated to defeat the priority claim of the government aginst partnership effects, which it was their manifest design effectually to protect.
But Mr. Nelson denied that these were bonds given by a partner for a partnership debt; maintaining that the evidence and verdict stated in the record showed that S. Smith and Buchanan were separate importers for their proportions of the cargoes upon which the duties accrued; and that the bonds being given by John S. Hollins,, who was not a member of their firm, were clearly the bonds of a stranger, which could not extinguish the simple contract liability.
That the judgments and the proceedings thereon did not extinguish the claim of duties, he niaintained, since the bonds being collateral, and, the obligation created by them coexisting with the original liability, it was competent to the United States to pursue all proper remedies upon the securities, without dischiarging the original responsibility of the importers; and he referred in support of this position to Drake vs. Mitchell, 3 East's Rep. 251.
To show that there had been no payment in law, he referred to the provisions of the treaty with the King of the French, of the 4th of July, 1831, and to the act of Congress of the 13th of July, 1.832 ; to The United States vs. Aborn and others, 3 Mason's Reports, 130 ; and Martin vs. Mechanics Bank of Baltimore, 6 Harr. and Johns. 235; 2 Espinasse's Cases, 668.
That there had been no payment in fact, he showed, by a refer-
ence to the correspondence contained in the record. Upon the first exceptiQn Mr. Nelson contended there was no
error, because Lemuel Taylor was no party to the suit; the United States were the plaintiffs; not only nominally but substantially and really; and that their right of recovery could be in nowise affected by the state of the accounts between S. Smith and Buchanan/ and
Lemuel Taylor.

Mr. Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the Court. This is a writ of error to the Circuit (ourt for the district of Maryland. The original action was assunfisit brought by the United States against the plaintiffs in error, who were the original defendants, to recover from them, as assignees under a general assignment of the property of the firm of Smith and Buchanan, the amount of certain duties alleged to be due from the said firm upon certain importations in the brig Unicorn and the ship Brazilian, out of the funds in the hands of the assignees, upon the ground of an asserted right of priority of the United States to payment out of the same
funds.
At tjhe trial, upon the general issue, the material facts-appeared as follozrs. In the years 1818 and 1819, Smith and Buchanan, and Hollins and MBIAIir, two separate commercial firms .in Baltimore, imported, orthei own account as owners, a quantity of goods from
calcutta irfthe brig Unicorn and ship Brazilian-above mentioned,

492

SUPREME COURT.

[Meredith et 'al. w, The United State&]
on which, the present duties were claimed. Smith and Buchanan were the importers and owners of two-thirds of the cargo of the ship,
and five-ninths of that of the brig; and that proportion went to their possession and use, The remainder of both cargoes belobged to Iollins and M'Blair. The entries of both cargoes were made at the customhouse at Baltimore by John S. Hollins, one -of the firm. of Hollins and M'Blair, as imported in the vessels, respectively, by
Hollins and M'Blair, and Smith and Buchanan; and Hollins gave bonds for the duties in the common form in his. own name; and James A. Buchanan, of the firm of Smith and Birehanan, and Lemuel Taylor, who is admitted to be a mere, surety, also executed the same bonds. The condition of the bonds was for the payment of the duties on the goods ",entered by the above bounden John S. Hollirls, for Smith and Buchanan, and Hollins and M'Blair, as imported" in the ship and brig respectively. Upon these bonds the UnitedStates afterwards instituted actions against each of the obligors, and recovered judgments in the Circuit Court for the District of Maryland. These judgments have, been revived,'and are now
in full force and unreversed. Smith and Buchanan became insolvent; and after the rendition of the judgments, Taylor ,also became insolvent under the insolvent laws of Maryland. One Rosewell L. Colt became the trustee of Taylor; and afterwards, under the treaty of indemnity with France, a large sum of money was awarded to
him by the commissioners; and a large sum of money was also awarded to Smith and Buchanan, which has been received by the original defendants as their assignees,. and is -more than sufficient to pay the sums now claimed by the United States, but not enough to par the partnership debts of the firm of Smith and Buchanan. Tay-
lor applied' to the treasury department for the usual certificates granted to claimants by the awards under'the treaty; but they were refused by the department upon the ground of Taylor's indebtment to the United States upon the aforesaid bonds and judgments. Since that period an arrangement has been made between the government and Colt, the trustee, by which a suffioient sim of the moneys so due by Taylor is reserved in the treasury to secure the amount of the judgments on the bonds ,gainst - Taylor,, and the residue has been paid over to the trustee. And the present action has been brought by the United States. for the benefit of Taylor's trustee, in order to give to the latter the full, rights and remedies of the
VUnited States to a priority of payment out of the moneys, of Smith and Buchanan, in the hands of the defendants as their assignees. To repel the supposed equity in Taylor, as a surety, the defendants offered to prove that at the period of the application of Taylor for the benefit of the insolvent laws, he was largely indebted -to Smith 4nd Buchanan, and in a sum more than sufficient to cover the
whole amount due upon the duty bonds aforesaid, and still remained so indebted. The Court rejected the evidence, and to this rejection
the defendants excepted, And this' constitutes the first bill of ex-

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

493

[Meredith et al. vs. The United States.]
ceptions. Upon this we have no more to say than that we think the ruling of the Court was clearly right Whatever might be the
merits of'such an equitable claim in any suit brought by. Taylor or his assignee against Smith and Buchanan, or their assignees; it could have no proper place in a suit brought by the United States to recover demands justly due to them for duties. It was, as to
them, res inter alios acta; and the United 5tates were not called upon to engage in or to unravel any of the accounts and set-offs existing between those parties, in a-suit at law like the present.
Afterwards the United States asked an instruction to. the jury, which was given to the jury, to which the defendants excepted. The defendants then prayed certain instructions to the jury, which the Court refused to give; to which refusal the defendants also excepted. These exceptions are spread at large upon the record, and constitute the second bill of exceptions. It is unnecessary to recite
them at large, as they are all resolvable into the leading points which have been so fully argued at the bar; and we shall therefore
proceed at once Ito the consideration of these points. The first question is, whether Smith and Buchanan-were ever
personally indebted for these duties; or, in other words, whether the importers of goods do, in virtue of the importation thereof, become personally indebted to the United States for the duties due thereon; or the remedy of the United States is exclusively confined to the lien on the goods, and the security bf the bond given for the
duties. It appears to us clear upon -principle, as well as upon the
obvious import of the provisions of the various acts of Congress on this subject, that, the duties due upon all goods imported constitute a-personal debt due to the United States from the importer, (and the
consignee f, this purpose is treated as the owner and importer,) independehtly of any lien on the goods, and any bond given for the duties. The language of the duty act of the 27th of April, 1816, ch. 107, under which the pre.sent importations were made, declares that "there shall be levied, collected, and paid," the severa duties prescribed by the act on goods imported into the United States. And this is a common formulary in other acts laying duties. Now, in the exposition of statutes laying duties, it has been a common rule of -interpretation derived frbm the principles of the common
law, that where the duty is charged, on the goods, the meaning is that it is a personal charge on the owner by reason of the goods.
$o it was held in Attorney-general vs. -, 2 Anst. R. 558. where a duty was laid on wash in a still; and it was said by the Court that where duties are charged on any articles in a revenue act, the word "charged" means that the owner shall be debited with the sum; and that this rule prevailed even when the article was actually lost or destroyed before -it became available to the owner. Nor is there any thing new in this doctrine ; for it has lor a been held that in all such cases an action of debt lies in favour of the government against the importer, for -the duties, whenever by

VoL. XIIlI-2 T

50

494

SUPREME COURT.

[Meredith et al. vs. The United States,]
accident, mistake, or fraud, no duties, or short duties have been paid.
The question has also been asked, at what time the right of the government to the duties accrues in the fiscal sense of the terms. The answer is, at the time when the goods have arrived at the proper port of entry. This is 'the established rule adopted by the government in all cases where there has been a new-act passed, increasing or diminishing the duties to be paid on goods imported after a specified period. The same doctrine was affirmed by this Court in the cases of The United States vs.. Vowell, 5 Cranch, 368; and of Arnold vs. The United States, 9 Cranch, 104. But although the duties thus accrue to the government as a personal debt of the importer, upon the arrival o the goods in the proper port of entry;
yet it is but a debitum in presenti solvendum in futuro, according to the requisitions of the revenue collection act of the 2d of March, 1799, ch. 128 ; and, therefore, if a deposit of the goods is made by the importer, or a bond is given by him for the duties, pursuant to the provisions of -that act, the importer is entitled to the-full credit allowed by that act. But it is a mistake to suppose that if a deposit is made of the goods, either with or wit~iout a bond given for the duties, the rights of the government for the duties are limited to the lien upon. the goods; and cannot, if they are lost or destroyed, be made a personal charge against the importer. On the contrary, the revenue collection act of 1799, ch. 128, s. 621 expressly declares
that the goods deposited shall be kept by the collector with due and reasonable care, at the expense and isk of the party on.whose account they have been deposited. Our opinion, therefore, on this point is, that the duties due upon goods imported, constitute a personal debt, and charge upon the importer, as well as a lien on the goods themselves.
In the next place, was the debt due for the duties on the goods imported, in the present case extinguished by giving the bond by Hollins, in the manner before stated? We have no doubt that these bonds, being voluntary bonds, are valid; and'that Hollins and his sureties are estopped to deny their validity. But the question is
not whether they are valid; but whether they are the proper statute ,bonds contemplated by the revenue act of 1799, ch. 128, It is to be observed that the present. case is not'onewheie the bonds were given by the sole importer of the goods; so that the sole question would then be, whether the bond'of the same party, who was personally liable for the duties, supposing the bond to cover all the duties due and payable on the goods, was an extinguishment of the' -simple contract debt for those duties. But the present is a case %,hereone of several partners, and one of several joint importers, has given his separate bonds for the duties due by law by all. the importers, either as partners or as part owners; and therefore, where the true question is whether such bonas under such circumstances amount to an extinguishment of the debt due by-all the

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

495

[Meredith et al. ve. The United Statet]
other importers, as partners or as part owners. It is certainly encum. bent upon those who assert the affirmative, to show by some clear and determinate language of the revenue collection act of 17991
ch. 128, that the collector was thus authorized to take the separate bonds of one of the importers for the debt of all; and that it was the legislative intention that such separate bonds; when taken, should operate as an extinguishment of the liability of all the other importers. Now, it is plain, that where the goods are received on
deposit, the whole goods, and not merely the share of the partner giving the bonds, are liable for the duties..
Upon a careful review of the other provisions of the act, we are equally well satisfied that in every case within the act, the bond for the duties is required to be given by all the persons who are the importers, whether they be partners or part owners ; and that the collector is not by law authorised to take the separate bond of one of the importers in extinguishment of the joint liability of all. The language of the 62d section of the act is, "that all duties on goods, wares, or
merchandise imported shall be paid, or secured to be paid, before a
permit shall be granted for landing the same ; and whem the amount of such duty on goods imported in any ship or vessel, on account of one person only, or of peveral persons jointly interested, shall not exceedfifty dollars, the same shal be immediately paid; and if it exceed that sum, shall, at the option of the importer or importers, be paid; or secured to be paid, by bond'." Now, construing this language distributively, as in our judgment it ought to be construed, to mean
by the importer when there is one only, and by all the importers When there is more than one, there is not the slightest difficulty in giving full effect to every word of the act. Construe it the other way, and the word "importers" has no appropriate use, which Is not included in the other language. The very form of the bond given in th ; same section, also, shows that it was the intent of the act that all the importers should be parties to the bond; for it prescribes,, Know all men by these presents that we (here insert the
name of the importer or consignee ; or if by an agent the name of such agent, and of the Importers or consignees, -and the sureties,. their place of abode, and occupation,) &c." It is not unimportant,
also, to consider what would be the consequence of a different construction 'of the act; for if it would lead to great insecurity in the collection' of the public revenue, and enable importers to substitute almost at their own discretion the liability of one of the firm, or one part owner for the liabilities of all, it would open the way not only
to many intentional evasions and frauds upon the just right of the government, but also, in cases of the death or insolvency of the acting partner, or part owner, leave the government without redress
against those who had almost exclusively enjoyed all the benefits of the impiortation. On the other hand, the construction which we put upon the act imposes the burden upon those who have enjoyed the benefits; and creates a common interest in a vigilant and prompt

496

SUPREME COURT.

[Meredith et al. w. 'rhe rnited States.]
discharge of that burden. Nor--is there. any inconvenience in it; for if all the importers are not present, a letter of attorney may readily be executed, which will meet every exigency of commercial business. And we cannot but think that the 25th section of the act of 1823, ch. 149, which provides that any bofid to the United States entered into for the payment of duties by a merchant belonging to a firm, in the name of such firm, shall equally bind the partner or partners in trade of the person or persons by whom such bond shall have been executed, was intended to meet: cases of this sort; and that it demonstrates the understanding of Congress, that by the existing law then in force, all the partners were required to join in the bond for the duties..
The remaining point is, whether under the circumstances of the present case, the government has actually received payment of the duties in controversy. We think it has not. By the payment of the moneys due under the French treaty, and the awards of the
commissioners, there was originally im the hands of the government the sum of sixty thousand dollars awarded to Smith and Buchanan, which was properly and primarily applicable tq the- discharge of
these very duties. But by mere mistake, arising from the circumstance that Hollins alone appeared the 15rincipal in thie bonds, and
Smith and Buchanan being unknown to have been th6 6riginal im-
porters, that sum was paid over by the government to the present defendants, as assignees. Had the facts been known, the present controversy would have stopped at the threshold, by recouping or retaining the amount from the awards. The government has now in its possession the funds, under the awards due to Taylor, the surety on these bonds; and it certainly had the power, if it pleased, to appropriate the same in payment of the debt. The question is, whether it has so done. Looking to the'whole transactions, we are satisfied that it has not. It retains the funds of Taylor in its hands as security for payment, if the present suit should not be successful; and it has allowed the suit to be brought in the name of the United
States, for the benefit of Taylor1. It has thus carried out the intent and spirit of the act of 1799, ch. 128, see. 65, which declares that
the surety paying a bond for duties shall have and enjoy the like .advantage, priority, or preference for the receipt of the said moneys out of the effects of the insolvent, as are reserved and secured to the United States. We think, then, that no payment has been
made; but that Taylor's funds have been held as a mere special deposit for the indemnity of the government, and to abide, the event of the suit; and that to give a different construction to the acts of 'the officers of the government would defeat their true objects, as"
well, as the purposes of substantial justice. Upon the whole, we are of opinion that the judgment of the
Circuit Court ought to be affirmed. The case of Nathaniel Williams, and another, vs. The United
States, which was submitted to the Court upon the argument in

JANUARY TERM, 1839

497

[Meredith et al. vs. The United States.]
the present case, is far less stringent in its circumstances in favour of the defendants; and involves far less difficulty. The judgment in that case is also affirmed.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States foi the district of Maryland, and was argued by comsel. On consideration whereof, it is ordered and adjudged by this Court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hiereby, affirmed.

SUPREME COURT.
JOHN WALKER, APPELLANT, VS. GEORGE PARKER AND OTHERS,
APPELLEES.
The testator devised to'his wife one-third of his personal estate forever, for her own proper use and benefit, and also one-third of all his real estate, during her lifetim6, and in the event of her death, all the right in real property bequeathed to her should be, and by the will is, declared to be vested in his infant son. The testator then proceeded to devise sundry lots and houses to his mother, his sisters, his brothers, separately, and his son. These are given to their respective devisees "as their property forever." He then devised the balance of his real estate to his infant son, "forever," believed to be certain lots specified in the will. Held, that the wife took under the will, one-third of all the real estate of the testator, during her life, and that his son took a fee simple in one-third of the property given to the brothers and sisters of the testator, subject to the ddvise to his mother, and a fee simple in all the real estate, specifically devised to him, subject to the devise of one-third to his mother, during her life.
The devisee of Gne of the lots devised to him forever, which the Court held was subject to -the right to one-third in the wife of the devisor, and one-third after her decease, in fee to the sonof the devisor, cannot, by a proceeding in Chancery, compel a sale of the property devised, or a partition; without the Court are satisfied it would be for the benefit of the infant son to make sucs sale, and without the consent of all the other parties interested in the property.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the county of Washington, in the District of Columbia.
The appellant, John Walker, filed, a bill in the Circuit Court of the county of Washington, stating that James Walker, late of Washington, by his last Will and testament, had bequeathed to him and to his then wife, Ann Sophia Walker, since intermarried with George Parker, one-third of his real estate, during her life, and in the event of her death, all the right bequeathed to her is declared to be vested in his infant son, James Walker. James Walker, the son, claims the right in fee simple, after her death, of the portion of the estate devised by the testator to his Wife. The testator in a subsequent part of his will, bequeathed other parts of his estate in fee to other' personsi and among them to his said infant son, James Walker. The bill then states the particular estates devised by the will to the complainant himself, and the others of the family of the testatpr; and alleges the same to have been devised to them in fee simple, free and clear of any right of the widow of the testatbr, or of his son.
Ann Sophia Parker, who was the wife of the testator, James Walker, and her present husband, George Parker, the bill states, insist upon .the right of the said Ann to one-third of the lots and houses bequeathed by the will; and refuse to permit the complainant to dispose of the same, and claim a right to exact one-third of the rents thereof, and to have a right to rent the same as they please.
The bill proceeds to state, that the complainant, is advised that Ann Sophia Parker and her husband, have no right in the lots held by him under the, will of Jamres Walker, nor has any other perswi a right to them to his prejudice; but should the .Court think differ-

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

167

(John Walker m. GeDrge Parker et al.]
ently, the bill states, that the property cannot be divided without great injury; and that the complainant is desirous to sell.the lots aiad property devised to him, and those under whom he holds. The complainant states, that he is desirous to have the exclusive control of his own property; and that if the said Ann Sophia has a right of dower in the property, he asks that the same be assigned to her; and that the rights of the minor be assigned: and if this cannot be
done, that the property be sold, and out of the proceeds of the sale, an equivalent be allowed for their interest therein.
The bill asks, that Ann Sophia Parker, and the infant son of the testator, and his testamentary guardian, be enjoined from setting up aiiy claim to the property held by him, or to which he is entitled, under the will of James Walker; and that he may be quieted in his possession and enjoyment of the premises. The bill also asks
for further and general relief. The will of James Walker was made on the 17th day of Sep-
tember, 1832, and admitted to probate on the 25th day of Septem-
ber, in the same year. The material parts of the will are the following:
"I bequeath and give to my dearly beloved wife, Ann Sophia Walker, one-third of the whole of my personal estate, forever, for her own proper use and benefit; and also one-third of all my real estate, during her lifetime; and in the event of her death, all the
right in -real property hereby bequeathed to her shall be, and is hereby declared to be vested in my dear and infant son, James
Walker. "I bequeath and give to my dearly beloved brother, John Walker,
forever, all of lot numbered six, in square one hundred and six,
with the two-story brick house, back building, and all appurtenances thereto belonging.
"I bequeath and give to my dearly belQved brother, Lewis
Walker, forever, lots twenty-three, twenty-four, and twenty-five, in square numbered one, hundred and six, together with a two-story brick building, with a basement: story, back building, and all appurtenances thereto belonging, and erected on one or more of said
lots. "I bequeath and give to my dearly beloved brother, Henry
Walker, forever, lot numbered six, in square four hundred and
three, together with the improvements thereon erected, and appurtenances thereto belonging.
"I bequeath and give to my dearly beloved sister, -Margaret
Peck, lots numbered twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-six, and twenty-seven, in square numbered one hzundred and six, together with a two-story frame house erected on lot number twenty-seven, as her property forever.
"I bequeath and give to my dearly beloved sister, Louisa Ballard, forever, lot numbered four, in square numbered four hundred
and thirty-two, together with the three-story brick house erected thereon, and all the appurtenances thereto belonging.

168

SUPREME COURT.

[John Walker vs. George Parker et al.1
"I bequeath and give to my dearly beloved -ister, Sarah M'Callion, part of lot numbered eight, in square numbered seventy-four, together with the frame house erected thereon, as her property
forever. "I bequeath and give to my dear and infant son, James Walker,
lot numbered twenty-two, in square numbered three hundred and
fifty-two, together with two two-story brick houses, and other buildings thereto belonging, as his property forever.. I also bequeath and give to my infant son, James Walker, forever, the balance of Iny real estate, believed to be and to consist in lots numbered six,
eight, and nine- with a house, part brick and part frame, erected on one of said lots, in square one hundred and sixteen; lots thirtyone, thirty-two, and thirty-three, in square numbered one hundred and forty, and a slaughter-house erected on one of said lots; lots numbered eight and eleven, insquare numbered two hundred and -fifty; and lot numbered twenty-eight, in square numbered one hundred and seven. And further, I bequeath and give to my infant son, James Walker, one thousand dollars, to be paid out of my personal estate to, and applied, at the discretion of his guardian, hereinafter appointed, for the education of my son, James Walker. The balance of my personal estate, whatever it may be, I desire shall be equally divided between my mother, Dorcas Walker, my sister, Sarah M'Callion, and my brothers, John, Lewis, and Henry Walker."
The defendants all answered, (including the minor James Walker, whose answer is put in by George Cover, under a special appointment or-him by the Court to answer for said infant,) and substantially admit the. facts stated in said bill; but they all, with the exception of Peck and wife, aver that the property cannot be divided without prejudice. and refuse to agree to a sale.
The case being submitted on bill, answers, and exhibits, the Court dismissed the bill: from which dismissal this appeal was taken by the complainant.-

The case was argued by Mr. Brent, Jun., and Mr. Key, for the appellant; and by Mr. Bradley, with whom was Mr. Red~n, who submitted a printed argument, for the appellees.
For the appellant, it was contended: 1. That the Court has jurisdiction of this case under the circum-
stances. 2. That neither the'widow, Ann Sophia, nor the infant, James
Walker, has any right, under the will, in the property devised to
the complainant. 3. That even if the Court shall think the widow has one-third of
each specific-lot devised by the testator, yet the infant, James Walker, has under the will no greater estate or interest in the complainant's property than a life estate; and that the Court should have so decided.
4. That, as the bill makes an alternative prayer,,'the Court should

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

169

[John Walker vs. George Parker et al.)
have ordered partition between these tenants in common, if they are so on a true construction of the will ; or a sale, if a partition could not be made.
Mr. Brent and Mr. ,Key contended, that the devise in the wilLof James Walker was of one-third of third of the roal estate in value; and this was to be made up out of the residuary estate. If it can
be shown that there is a fund which can be made to contribute, it should be brought in. The principle of law is,that where there is a charge onthe real estate, the residuary estate is Irst to be taken to satisfy it; and until this is exhausted, the real estate is not charge-
able. Cited, 3 Paige's Chancery Rep. 316. This is a case in which a Court of Chancery will bring in the residuary estate, in order to carry into effect the several purposes of the testator.
As to the rights of the infant son of the testator, it was argued, that he took nothing in the property given to the wife, after her death. The words "foriver," which are used in the bequests to others, are not used in the devise to him of the property given to his mother. Cited, Russel vs. Milner, 4 Eng. Chan. Rep. 549. 564. 2 Harris. and John. 142. "All the right" given by the will
to his son, is all the right in the real estate given ,the widaw.
Under the laws of Maryland, the Chancellor may irisuch,a case as this, decree a sale of the property. Act of 178.. ch. 72, sec. 12. Act of 1794, ch. 60, sec. 8. But if the devises of the testator.s wvill are construed-to give the appellees the estates they claim, the Qomplainant has a right to a partition. A bill for a partition is a matter of right, when a title is shown in the complainant. Jeremy on Equity Jurisdiction, 303. Ambler, 236.
It ought not to be considered that it was the intention of the testator to give one-thiTd of all his estate to his §on. It was A. large property, and he meafit to give a liberal portion of it to others of his family.

For the appellees, it was argued:

The widow and infant' son of James Walker contend, that they,

are entitled, under the first devise in his will, to one undivided thfrd

of the whole of his real estates,-the widow, for life, and the son

in fee. The complainant, a devisee of part of his. real estate, denies

the right of the widow and son.

The first difficulty arises out of this denial. The proceeding is

in chancery, under the acts of assembly of 1785, ch. 72, sec. 12, and

1794, ch. 60, sec. 8. The first act authorizes the Court to decree a

sale, where an "infant" has a joint interest or interest in commoih

with any other person,, on its appearing to the Chancellor "that it

will be for the interest and advantage both of the infant and of the

other person to sell," &c. The second act, in the same case, where

an infant is concerned, authorizes a partition. The complainant

denies that the infant in this case has any estate or interest in the

property in controversy.

VOL. XIII.-P

22

170

SUPREME COURT.

(John Walker vs. George Parker et a.]
But it is only where an infant is concerned, that the Court is authorized, by these acts, to decree either partition or sale. Does the complainant make a case for the action of the Court, Without admitting that the infant has some estate in the premises? And may not the decree dismissing the complainant's bill, be sustained on the ground of his own denial of the infant's right ?
The 8th sec. of the act of 1786' ch. 45, to direct descents, has no application. It relates to a case of intestacy, and to the: common law side of the Court. This is the case of a devise, and the proceeding is by bill on the chancery side of the Court, under the two acts above mentioned.
The only ground on which an application for a petition can be made, is that it is for the benefit of all the parties. -This is denied, and no proof was made to sustain this allegation in the bill.
But the widow and son are entitled to one undivided third of the house and lots in this suit under the will. The primary intention 'of the testator is to provide for his wife and son. With this view, he first carves out of his whole real estate onethird, and gives it, by the first clause of his will, to his wife, for
life; "and in the event of' ier death, all the right in real property hereby bequeathed to her, shall be-vested in my infant son." "In the event of her death," means after her death; and the Words "hereby bequeathed," refer to the real property, and not tO the right or' estate, given to her. "Right in real property," are words large enough to pass a fee. Nicholls vs. Butcher, 18 Ves. 193. 16 East, 221. 6 Cru. Dig. 240. Newkirk vs. Newkirk, 2 Caines'
Rep. 345.
The testator then goes on, and gives a particular house and lot to the complainant; and the residue of his real estate he gives to his son; first by a specific devise, and then by a residuary clause.
The words of the first devise, disposing of the third in his whole estate, are clear. Effect must be given to every expression in a will, if possible. Smith vs. Bell, 6 Peters, 76. Ram. on Wills, 97.
Law Lib. No. p. 58. It is said that the devise of that third is inconsistent with the de-
vise to the complainant of the house and lots. The cases of incon-
sistency put in Cruise (6 Cru. Dig. 164, 408) are, where the whole
of an estate is given to one, and the whole of the same estate is, by a subsequent clause, given to another. But here the whole of the'
lots claimed by the complainant is not given, first-to the wife and son, and then to the complainant; one-third only is given by the first devise to the wife and son, leaving two-thirds to pass, by the second devise to the complainant.
And this was the meaning of the testator. He intended that his wife should take one-third, and the complainant all that wag left: as if he had said that the gift in the second devise shall be subject to the part of the lots he ha | previously given by the first devise.
It was not necessary he should say expressly, in the latter clause, that

JANUARY TERM, 4839.

171

[John Walker vs. George Parker et aL]
the gift- thereby made *eas to be subject to the gift made by the former. It is necessarily implied.
. The objection of inconsistency applies, if at all, as forcibly to the wife as to the son. But can it be doubted that she takes one-third of the whole of the real estate under the first clause of the first devise? And do not the words of the second clause give that third, after her death, to the son, with as much clearness as the preceding words give it to the wife?
Does the wife take one-third in the lots given to the son by the specific devise in his favour? How can she, if the complainant's rule of construction is to prevail? Is there any substantial difference in the words of devise? To say that the complainant shall take the whole of this house and lot, would be to say, that the wife sh.-l not take one-third of the whole real estate, but-onethird of part only.
Our construction makes the whole will harmonize, and gives operation to every clause. It makes the first devise dispose of onethird of the premises to the wife and son, and the second, of the remaining two-thirds to the complainant. Their construction requires the total rejection and expunging from the will of the clause in favour of the son. Give the complainant the whole of these premises, and there would be nothing upon which that clause could operate. The son would take the lots specifically devised to him, under the devises in his favour, or as heir at law. Uhless the second clause of the first devise had been ihserted, the third of the premises in controversy, given to the wife for life, would, on her death, have vested in the complainant: It could be inserted for no other purpose than to intercept that third, and
vest it in the son. If that clause be a kind of residuary devise, it is so of one-third
only; and the subsequent specific devises would not derogate from it, so long as there was any thing for those devises to operate on.
Suppose, then, that the wife and son are entitled to one undivided third part of the house and lots in question; were the Court right in dismissing the bill? The proceeding is under the two acts of '85 and '94, which authorize a sale or partition, on the Court's being satisfied that it would be for the interest and advantage of the infant and other person to sell, &c. The complainant ought to have proved that fact. In the case of an infant, nothing can be taken for granted. But the answer denies that it would be for the infant's interest and advantage to have the house and lots in question divided and sold; which is responsive to the bill.
There is no proof that the Court could not therefore be satisfied that it was for the advantage of the infant and other party, that there should be a division or sale, and could not. so decree.

Mr. Justice M'LEAN delivered the opinion of the Court: This is an appeal fromia the decree of the Circuit Court for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.

172

SUPREME COURT.

[John Walker vs. George Parker et al.)

The complainant filed his bill, stating that, as devisee of James
Walker, he claims the fee in lot numbered six, in square one hunared and six, with all the improvements thereon, in, tho city of Washington; and also under a deed from Margaret and James Peck, lots numbered twenty-one and twenty-two, in the same square, which lots were devised to the said Margaret in the same -will. And that the wife of the devisor, since intermarried with George Parker, claims, under the will one-third of the above property during her life, and that at her death it shall go to the son of the deceased named
in the will. And the complainant insists that he is entitled to the whole of the
property, free from the claims of the wife of the devisor or her son; and he prays that the Court may so decree. But if the Court should think that he is only entitled to two-thirds of the property, then he asks a division of it, or that it may be sold, as shall be deemed pro-
per. The wife of the devisor and her present husband, and the infant
son, by guardian, assert their interest in one-third of the premises in their answers; and are opposed to a sale or division of the property
because, among other reasons, it would be prejudicial to the interest
of the infant-son and devisee of the deceased. Almost every part of the. will has some bearing on the question
raised by the complainant. In his first devise, the testator says, "I bequeath and give to my
dearly beloved wife, Ann Sophia Walker, one-third of the Whole of my personal estate forever, for her own proper us6 and benefit; and also one-third of my real estate during her lifetime; and in the event of her death, all the right in real property hereby bequeathed to her, shall be, and is hereby, declared to be vested in my dear and infant soni James Walker."
He then gives to his mother, "forever," a certain lot with its improvements. And then follows the devise to the complainant in these words: "I bequeath and give to my dearly beloved brother, John Walker, for ever, all of lot numbered six," &c. The devise of the two lots to Margaret Peck is, that they shall be "her property
forever." Several other devises of real property are made in the same form,
to his brothers and sisters ; and then he says," I bequeath and give to my dear infant son, Jamnes Walker, lot numbered twenty-two, in square numbered three hundred and fifty-two," &c. "I also bequeath to him forever, the balance of my real estate, ,believed to be and to consist in lots numbered.six, eight and nine, in square one hundred and sixteen, lots thirty-one, thirty-two and thirty-thrge, in square -numbered one hundred and forty; lots numbered eight and eleven in square numbered two hundred-and fifty, and lot numbered twentyeight in square numbered one hundred and seven."
It is contended by the counsel for the complainants, that the spe-
cific devises to the brothers and sisters of the deceased, show his in-

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

173

[John Walker a. George Parker et al.]
tention to give to them the property devised, clear of all encumbrance; and that the devise of the real estate to the widow, must be satisfied out of the residuary devise to the infant son of the deceased.
The devises are inconsistent with each other, but they are not entirely so. The whole of any specific property is not devised to each of two devisees. The devise of one-third of his real estate to his wife, and at her death to his son, is, to this extent, inconsistent with the specific devises which follow, and which dispose of all his real estate.
The devise of the "balance" of his real estate to his infant son, goes on to describe particularly the property.
From his first devise to his wife, there can be no doubt that the testator intended to give her what the law allowed her to take. And it cannot be supposed that by the subsequent specific devises, he designed to defeat this arrangement. It is equally clear that he intended, on the death of his wife, that the property devised to her should go to his, son.
The construction urged, that "all the right in real property hereby bequeathed to her," shall go to his son, means a life estate only in one-third of the real property, to the son, cannot be sustained. The words, "all the right," fairly import the entire or perfect right, "in the real property given to hia wife." This reference to the devise to the wife, is descriptive of the extent of the property to be vested in fee in the son. The right of his, wife was to terminate at her death, and it would be inconsistent to sup. pose that the testator would disiiose of the same right, and no more, to his son.
This devise to his wife and son is a leading devise in the will. It was first in the mind of the testator, and must limit and control the other devises. The devises to the son are as specific as th6se to other persons; and there would seem to be little or no ground for the construction, that tho devise to the wife must be satisfied out of the devises to the son. One-third of the entire real estate is given to the wife, and on her death this third goes to the son; and in the conclusion of the will certain lots are also specifically devised to the son. The son, in common with the other devisees, takes the lots specifically devised to him, subject to the devise of one-third to his mother, and at her death he takes this third of these lots; and on6third of each specific devise in the will.
This construction gives effect to the different devises of the will; and it Would seem to be the only mode by which the intention of the testator can be effectuated. And it is in accordance with that well settled rule in the construction of wills, which regards the interest of the heir at law.
With the exception of the devises to the wife and son, all the deyises are collateral, and take the property from tb~e line of descent established by law.
r2

174

SUPREME COURT.

(Jolm Walker vs. George Parker et al.)
If the complainant can hold the lots claimed by him free from the devise to the wife of the testator, by the same rule every, other devisee in the will must hold in the same manner. And this would defeat the leading devise, for the entire real estate is specifically disposed of in the will.
If the devise to-the wife be thrown upon the specific devises 'to the son, it not only violates the rule which it is claimed exempts the specific devises from this devise to the wife; but supposes that the testator first devises to his wife and son one-third of his
real estate, and then at the conclusion of' his will gives specifiC devises to his son, which are intended wholly as to him to annul the
first devise. This construction would do injustice to the language of the testa-
tor, and defeat his intention, Had the widow taken a life estate under the taw,her interest of
one-third would have extended to every part of the real property of her deceased husband. And as the devise is made in as gene-
ral terms as the statute which gives dower, it must,have the same effect.
This construction of the will defeats the main object of the com-
plainant's bill. But his counsel insists that the part, devised to the wife should be set off, or the sale' of the property ordered.
The bill does not seem to have been framed with a view to a par-
tition or sale of the estate. Several of the devisees, all of whom are interested in such a proceeding, are not made parties. And a partition or sale is opposed by the infant son and his mother, as injurious to his interest. And the rights of the mother and son are so intimately blended. that any proceeding which shall affect the life estate
must affect the inheritance. A partition or sale of this estate is regulated by the statutes of
Maryland. The 12th section of the act of 1785, chapter 72,-provides, that
wherd an infant has an interest in lands, and it shttl 'appear to
the Chancellor upon application of any 'of the parties concerned, and upon the appearance of theeinfant, that it shall be to, the interest.; and advantage of the infant, to have the land sold; he may order a
sale. And in the 8th section of the act of 1794, ch. 60, it is provided,
on a similar application and appearance of the infant, as stMed in the above statute, for a partition, if the Chancellor, "upon hearing mtid examining al the circumstances, shall think that it witl be for the interest and advantage of all parties concerned," he may order a partition.
In this ease there is no evidence which will enable the Court to judge whether a sale or partition of the property, would be to the advantage of the infant and the other parties. And it should hardly be expected that this Court, in the absenctheeoafnasllweevri.dence, should decree either of these alternatives against

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

175

-[John Walker vs. George Parker et al.]
The complainant may be subjected to some inconvenience by holding the property as tenant in common with th" devisee of the testator; but it was a condition imposed by the terms of the will. And this Court, acting under the law of Maryland, cannot remedy this inconvenience; unless the complainant shall bring himself clearly within the provisions and policy of that law.

The decree of the Circuit Court dismissing the bill is affirmed with costs.

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

WILLIAM

B. STOKES, PLAINTIFF ,IN ERROR, VS. ORACIS W.
TONSTALL, DEFSENDANT IN ERROR.

SAL-

In an action against the owner of a stage coach used for carrying passengers, for an injury sustained by one of the passengers by the upsetting of the coach, the owner is not liable, unless the injury of which the plaintiff complains was occasioned by the negligence or want of proper skill or care in the driver of the'carriage, in which he and his wife were passengers: and the facts that the carriage was upset, and the plaintiff's wife injured, are prima facie evidence that there was carelessness, or negligence, or want of skill on the part of the driver; and throws upon the defendant the burden of proving that the accident was not occasioned by the driver's fault.
It being admitted that the carriage was upset and the plaintiff's wife injured, it is incumbent on the defendant to prove that the driver was a person of competent skill, of good habits, and in every respect qualified, and suitably prepared for the business in which he was engaged ; and that he acted on this occasion with reasonable-skill, and with the utmost prudence and caution : and if the disaster in question was cccasioned by the least negligence, or want of skill, or prudence 'on his, part, then the defendant is liable in the action.
If there was no want of proper skill, or care, or caution on the part of the dnver of a stage coach, and the stage was upset by the act of the plaintiff or his wife, in rashly and improperly springing from it, then the defendant is not liabl6 to an action : but if the want 'of proper skl or care of the driver placed the passengeis in a state ofperil, and they had at that time a reasopable ground for supposing that the stage would upset, or that the driver was incapable of managing his horses, the plaintiff is entitled to recover; although the jury may believe from the position in which the stage was placed by the negligence of the Afriver, the attempt of the plaintiff or his wife to escape may have increased the peril, or even caused the stage to upset; and although they may also find that the plaintiff and his wife would probably have. sustained little or no injury if they had remained in the stage.
If the driver was st person of competent skill, and in every respect qualified and suitably prepared for the business ift which he was engaged, and the accident was occasioned by no fault or want of skill or .care on his part, or that of the defendant or his agents, but by physical disability s ising from extreme and unusual cold, which rendered him incapable for the time to do his duty; then the owner of the stage is not liable in -an action for damages, for an iajury sustained by a person who was a passenger.

IN error to the Circuit Court of the United States for the district of Maryland.
The defendant in error, Francis W. Saltonstall, in September, 1836, instituted an action for the recovery of damages against Richard C. Stockton and William B. Stokes, owners of a line of stages for carrying passengors from Baltimore to Wheeling; Mr. Saltonstall and his wife hav'ing on the 6th day of December, 1836, been passengers in the stage, when, by the carelessness, unskilfulness, and default of the driver, the stagewas upset; by reason of which Mrs. Saltonstall had her hip fractured, and several other bones of her body broken, and was otherwise greatly cut, bruised,'and iniured, so that her life was endangered.
By an agreement between the counsel fbr the plaintiff and the defendant's no objection was to be tiken to the nonjoinder of other petsons as defendants, who were also owners or interested in the line of stages, when the injury complained of in the action occurred; and the plaintiff might recover in this -OtiQxt any danrages which
VOL. XI.1-0

182

SUPREME COURT.

[Stokes m. Saltonstall.]
night be recovered in an action by himself and wife, or by himself alone.
Richard C. Stockton having died after the institution of the suit, it was proceeded'in against William B. Stokes, who survived him.
The, cause was tried-before a jury, and a verdict was given for the plaintiff, under the instructions, of the Court, for seven thousand dol-. lars. On this verdict the Court gave a judgment for the plaintiff.
The counsel for the defendant tendered a bill of exceptions to the opinion of the Court; and he afterwards prosecuted this writ of
error. The bill of exceptions stated, at large, the evidence given on the
trial of the cause. The evidence of the witnesses for the plaintiff, taken under a com-
missio. to New Orleans, and examined on the trial, stated, that at the last change of horses, before the accident, the passengers generay remarked that the driver seemed to have drank too much to
go on. Mr. Saltonstall, the plaintiff, went to the agent, or the per-
son avowing himself as such, and who was acting in that capacity, and 'eported to him the observation made by the passengers; the agent replied that the driver was all straight, and that the appearance of his being intoxicated-was entirely owing to his having driven during the night previous, which had been excessively cold. When the stage arrived at about two miles from Bevansville, the passengers felt the stage strike against a mound or ridge on the right side of the road. Mr. Saltonstall on obser ing this, immediately jumped out, as was believed, with the intention of stopping the horses; Mrs.
Saltonstall attempted to follow her husband, but fell to the ground at the very instant the stage upset, and. it fell directly on her. The
upset took place on Sunday afternoon, the 5th day of December, at about four o'clock in the afternoon. It was broad daylight. The plaintiff's wife was dreadfully injured; shewas taken up-and carried to a log-house in the neighbourhood. The irijury was occasioned
by the falling of the stage on her body. A witness stated that the road was perfectly level, and in good
travelling order. There had been ice, but it had been so beaten dbwn that there was only a little remaining on the sides of the road. The- centre was free from it. The road was not considered dangerous or difficult. The driver was believed to be intoxicated, and his intoxication was increased by his drinking with a man on
the seat along side of him.. This belief was produced by his reckless .nd irregular manner of driving, which called for repeated remonstrances from the passengers, and which were wholly unattended to;
and for his pparent stupid and drunken manner of conduct after the
upset. He was totally unfit for any thing; he could not, or would not answer a question, nor afford the least possible assistance.
The injuries sustained by Mrs. Salstonstall were proved by the surgeons and medical attendants, and they were such as to make it impossible, or too dangerous to attempt to move her from the log hut, from the time of the accident, the sixth day of December4 until

JANUARY TERM, 1B39.

18$

[Stokes w. SaltontaL]

the eighteenth day, of December, when she was carried to Bevans. ville, where she reruained until the eighteenth day of May follow-
ing. In. July of the same year, she was in Philadelphia, still in a state of great suffering, and using crutches.
The plaintiff also, proved, by Mr. Ludlow, who was a passenger
in a stage which arrived after:the accident, that the road was perfectly good, and was one on which a stage would not be likely to upset. The witness went to the driver, and had some conversation with him. The defendant's counsel objected to.the statements of the ariver being admitted in evidence; but the Cburt declared them to be admissible; to which the counsel for the defendant excepted. The plaintiff then further proved by Mr. Ludlow, that he asked the driver how the accident happened,' when he stated he had upset fifty coaches, and he did not believe the woman.was as
much hurt as she said she was. The testimony offered by'the defendant, was intended to show
the capacity and sobriety of the driver, and that the road was icy, difficult, and dangerous; and that the upsetting of the stage might
be accounted for by the slippery and icy condition of the road. The evidence fbr the defendants, it was contended, proved that had the wife of the plaintiff remained in the stage,' no injury would have resulted to her. the other passengers were not materially bruised. - The defendant also proved, that the coach and harness were properly made, and of sufficient strength; and that the horses were good and steady.
The defendant's counsel prayed the Court to instruct the jury in
sixteen different prayers. 'Among those were the'following: 1. If the jury shall believe from the evidence in the cause, that
the injury to the plaintiff's wife was occasioned solely by the overturning of the coach, and by its falling upon her; and that such overturning was occasioned by the act of the plaintiff and his-wife, or either of them, in leaping from, or otherwise in leaving the said coach; and shall further believe, from the evidence in the cause, that at the time of such leaping from, or of such leaving said coach, there did not exist any certain peril, nor any immediate danger of personal injury, nor any reasonable cause of apprehension of impending danger by remaining in the coach; then the plaintiff is not entitled to recover upon the issue joined in this case, in respect to the said injury suitained by his wife; even if they-,also believe from the evidence in the cause, that the driver was guilty of carelessness, negligence, and misconduct, in placing the coach in the particular place and situation in which it was at the time of such leaping from, or leaving the coach.
2. If the jury shall believe from the evidence in the cause, that the injury. to the plaintiff's wife was occasioned solely by the overturning of the coach, and its falling upon her; and that such overturning was occasioned by the act of the plaintiff and his wife, or either of them, in leaping from, or otherwise in leaving the coach,

184

SUPREME COURT.

[Stokes vs. Saltonstall.]
and shall further believe from the evidence in the cause, that such leaping from, or such leaving the coach, was not under the actual circumstances an act of prudent precaution for the purpose of selfpreservation; nor such an act as a person of ordinary care, pru, dence, or resol~ition would have adopted, under the actual circumstances, even if they shall believe from the evidence, that such leaping from, or such leaving said coach, was under the existence and incitement of actual alarm and apprehension of supposed impending danger; then the plaintiff is not entitled' to recover upon the issue joined in this cause, in respect of said injnry sustained by his said wife.
3. If the jury shall believe from the evidence -in, the -cause, that the injury sustained by the plaintiff's -wife was occasioned solely by the overturning of the coach, and by its falling upon her;
and that such overturning was occasioned by the act of the plaintiff and his said wife, or by the act of either of the'i, in leaping from, or otherwise in leaving said coach; and shall further believe, from the evidence in the cause, that such leaping from, or leaving of said coach was not effected with proper caution and prudence, under the actual circumstances, as well in reference to the situatioi. in which the said plaintiff and his wife, (if the overturning was occasioned by the act of both,) were placed ; or, if such overturning was occasioned only by the act of one, in reference to the situation of such
one of thdm, by whom such overturning was occasioned, was placed; as also in reference to the situation in which said coach was placed in position, with respect to the ground on which it stood, and otherwise, then the plaintiff is not entitled to recover, in
respect to said injury to his said wife. 4. If the jury shall believe from the evidence in the cause, that
the injury to the plaintiff's wife was occasioned solely by the falling of the coach upon her, and that she was then outside of the
coach and on the ground; and shall further believe, that at the time she leapt from, or left the coach, she knew, or believed, that it was overturning, or about to overturn, and leapt from, or left it for that cause, and that she designedly alighted ou the ground in the directio)n in which the coach was overturning, or about to overturn; that
then, su~ch her act was a rash and imprudent act, and the defendant is not responsible upon the issue joined in this cause for the injury which she, so sustained; even if the jury shall, at the same time, believe that such overturning was occasioned by the fault or negli-
gence of the driver. 5. If the jury shall find, from the evidence, that the plaintiff's
-wife, if she had remained in the coach, would not have been materially injured by the overturning of the same; and shall iAid from all the evidence in the cause, that *adiscreet and prudent person, under the circumstances in which she was'placed, as disclosed in evidence, would have, and ought to have, remained in the coach; and that she placed herself imprudently, and indiscreetly, and rashly

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

185

(Stokes vs. Saltonstall.]

in the way of incurring the actual injury which she sustained, that then the defendant is not liable, upon the issue joined in this case, to answer in damages for such injury.
6. If the jury shall believe from the evidence in the cause, that the plaintiff and his wife, or either of them, by leaping from the coach, or leaving the same, contributed in fact, to produce the happening
of the injury to the plaintiff's wife, which she actually sustained; and shall further believe, that in so leaping from, or leaving the said coach, the same was done unnecessarily and indiscreetly, or
imprudently, or raslly, incautiously, or without ordinary care, that
then the plaintiff is not entitled to recover in respect of said injury: even if the jury shall believe that the driver was guilty of gross
negligence and misconduct; and was partly, or even mainly, the cause of the happening of such injury.
16. That the prima facie evidence of negligence arising from the fact of the upsetting of the coach, and the injury to the plaintiff's wife, is rebutted by the proof of the fact, if the jury so believe from the evidence, that the defendants had a first-rate coach, a competent set of horses, and good and proper harness, and a competent, prudent, and careful driver at the time of the accident; and that then the buiden of proving negligence is thrown upon the plaintiff.
The plaintiff also offered prayers to the Court for instructions to
the jury. All the rayers offered by the, defendant and the plaintiff were
rejected by the Court, and the Court instructed the jury : 1. That the defendant is not liable in this action unless the jury
find that the injury of which the plaintiff complains was occasioned by the negligence or want of proper skill or care in the driver of the
carriage, in which he and his wife were passengers: and the facts that the carriage was upset, and the plaintiffs wife injured, are prima facie evidence that there was carelessness, or negligence, or

want of skill, on the part of the driver; and throws upon the defend-

ant the burden of proving that the accident was not occasioned by

the driver's fault.

2. It being admitted that the carriage was upset and the plain-

tiff's wife injured, it was incumbent on the defendant to prove that

the driver was a person of competent skill, of good habits, and in

every respect qualified and suitably prepared for the'business in

which he was engaged: and that he acted on this occasion with

reasonable skill, and with the utmost prudence and caution; and if

the disaster in question was occasioned by the least negligence, or

want of skill, or prudence on his part, then the defendant is liable

in this action.

3. if the jury find there was no want of proper skill, or care, or

caution on the part of the driver, and that the stage was upset by

the act of the plaintiff or his wife, in rashly and improperly spring-

ing from it, then th6 defendant is not liable to this action; but if the

want of proper skill or care of the driver placed the passengers in

a state of peril, and they had at that time a reasonable ground for

Q 2

24

SUPREME COURT.

"Stokes . SaltnstaU.]

supposing that the stage would upset, or that the driver was incapa-

pable of managing his horses, the plaintiff is entitled to recover ;

although the jury may believe, from the position in which the stage

was placed by the negligence of the driver, the attempt of the plain-

tiff or his wife to escape may have increased the peril, or even

caused the stage to upset; and although they may also find that the

plaintiff and his wife would probably have sustained little or no

injury · 4.

if

they

had

remained

in

the

stage.

If the jury shall find that the driver was a person of compe-

tent skill, and in every respect qualified and suitably prepared for

the business in which he was engaged, and .that the accident was

occasioned by no fault, or want of skill or care on his part, or that

of the defendant or his agents, but by physical disability, arising

from extreme and unusual cold, which rendered him incapable for

the -time to do his duty; then the defendant is not liable in ,this

action.

The defendant excepted to the refusal of the prayers offered by

hi'n, and to the instructions given by the Court to the Jury.

The case was submitted to the Court, in printed and written arguments, by Mr. Schley, for the plaintiff in error; and by Mr. Johnson, for the defendant.

Mr. Schley, for the plaintiff, submitted to the Court the following points and authorities:
When Mr. Ludlow was under examination, he stated that, shortly after the accident happened, he went up to the driver and had some conversation with him. The defendant, by his counsel, objected to the admission in evidence of the statements of the driver: the Court overruled the objection, and the defendant excepted. The plaintiff then proved, by Mr. Ludlov, "that he asked the driver how the accident happened, when he stated that he had upset fifty coaches, and he did not believe the woman was as much hurt as she said she was." This conversation, it will be observed, took place after the accident had occurred. If it can be considered as the driver's account of the manner in which the accident occurred, it is still but his representation of a past occiiryrenee, and he ought to have been called as a witness to testify. "But the statements were not even made in reference to his conduct in the particular transaction, but in relation to what he had donton former occasions; and when, for aught that appears, he was not in the serv'ice of the defendant. If the fact had been established by competent testimony, that this driver bad upset fifty coaches, it would have been pregnai., evidence, before the jury, of his want of skill as a driver; and if his statement to Mr. Ludlow was 'admissible evidence to establish this fact, it tended strongly to prove his want .of competent skill. The position assumed- by the appellant, is, that the declaration of the driver to the witness," that he had upset fifty coaches," was not admissible and competent evidence for any pur-
pose whatever.

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

187

[Stokes vo. Saltonstall.]
The defendant's first 'prayer is based on the hypothesis that the jury would find, from the evidence, that the immediate and proximate cause of the overturning of the coach was the act of the plaintiff or his wife, or both, in leaping from or leaving the coach; and that, at the time of leaping from or leaving said coach, there did not exist any certain peril, nor any immediate danger, nor any reasonable apprehension of impending danger by remaining in the coach.
This prayer was framed with reference to the instruction of Lord Ellenborough, in Jokies vs. Boyce, 1 Starkie's Rep. 393, 2 English Com. Law Rep. 482;. and the language of the prayer was adopted from the language of his Lordship. It concedes that the defendant is liable for the negligence of the driver. It further concedes that even if the proximate cause of the injury was the act of the plaintiff or his wife, or both, the defendant was ,,illliable, if there was want of skill, or if there was negligence or misconduct on the part of the driver ; provided that such want of skill, or negligence, or misconduct of the driver, produced a state of case which placed the plaintiff and his wife, or either of them, in a situation of certain peril or, immediate danger, or as was sufficient to create a reasonable apprehension of impending danger. But the prayer assumes the law to be that, in case the act of the party injured was the proximate cause of the injury, the defendant is not liable merely because there was default on the part of his driver, unless that default conduced to produce the injury; that is, unless there was a natural and reasonable connexion between the default of the driver, asthe cause, and the injury, as the consequence ; and that natural and reasonable connexion is assumed to be such as Lord Ellenborough has defined in the case above cited. In Story's Commentaries on the Law of Bailments, 377, the learned commentator, citing the case from Starkie, says: " And the liability of the coach proprietors will be the same, ilthough the injury to the passenger is caused. by his own act, as by leaping from the coach, if.there is real danger, and it arises from the careless conduct of the driver."
The 2d, 3d, 4th, and 5th prayers were all framed with reference to the language of the instruction in the case of Jones vs. Boyce. It will be obseived that the several prayers were not intended to deny, in toto, the plaintiff's right of action; but were limited to the
particular ,injury incurred by the plaintiff's wife, by reason of the imprudence, carelessness, unreasonable alarm, or rashness of the plaintiff or his wife, imputed by the hypothesis of each respective
prayer. On the subject of reasonable apprehension of- impending danger,
some analogy may be found in the chapter "-On Cruelty," in Paynter on Marriage and Divorce; and in the quotations from distinguished writers on the civil law, which will be found in the notes to
that chapter. The 6th prayer asserts, as a proposition of law, that if the plain-
tiff or his wife, or either of them, contributed, in fact, to produce

188

SUPREME COURT.

[Stokes vs. SaltonstalL]
the injury, by leaping from the coach unnecessarily or rashly, incau-
tiously or without ordinary care, that then the plaintiff is not entitled to recover in respect of said injury. The position is, that in case of mixed fault, the action will not lie; that the law will not speculate whether the fault of the defendant alone, without the concurrence of the fault of the plaintiff, would or would not have resulted. in in-
'ury to the plaintiff; but that it is an answer to the action, in respect of any injury sustained, if it appears that the plaintiff aided in producing such injury. He must be himself blameless, before he can
impute blame to another. In cases of collision, it has been frequently so adjudged. Butter-
field vs. Forrester, 11 East, 60. Flower vs. Adam, 2 Taunton, 314. Pluckwell vs. Wilson, 5 Carr. and Payne, 375. Luxford vs. Large, 5 Carr. and Payne, 421. Williams vs. Holland, 6 Carr. and Payne, 23. Turley, vs. Thomas, 8 Carr. and Payne, 104. Woolf vs. Beard, 8 Carr. and Payne, 373. Bridge vs. the Grand Junction Railway Co., 3 Meeson and Welsby, 244. Vanderplank vs. Miller, Moo. and M., 169. Harlow vs. Hammiston, 6 Cow. 191. Smith vs. Smith,
2 Pick. 621. Lane vs. Crumbie, 12 Pick. 177.
Now, this case, it is true, was not a case of collision. But in the cases cited, the gist of the action was negligence, and so it is in this. The case of Jones vs. Boyce was a case of a coach proprietor. It is true that the passenger carrier is bound "for the utmost care and
diligence of very cautious persons." Story's Law of Bailments, 379. But if an injury is produced by the concurrent fault of both parties, by what legal alchymy can we analyse the result, for the purpose of discovering how much of the injury was produced by the fault of the defendant or his agent, and how much by the fault
of the plaintiff; or whether, in fact, the injury would have resulted at all, but for the fault of the plaintiff? The defendant is liable, in
damages, for the consequences of the driver's negligence or want of skill; but unless the effect can be apportioned, he may be made liable for what was really a consequence of the plaintiff's own fault; and how can it be apportioned? In the case of Hill vs. Waner, 2 Starkie's Rep. 377, 3 Eng. Com. Law Rep. 390, where there was negligence in the agents of both parties in taking down a party wall, it was ruled that "it was not competent to the plaintiff to attach that blame to the defendant which was the common
blame of both." The 1.6th prayer assumes that it is incumbent on the plaintiff to
prove negligence. It concedes that proof of the facts of the overturning of the coach and the injury are prima facie evidence of negligence, and throws upon the defendant the onus of proving, not that the accident was not occasioned by the driver's fault, as ruled by the Court in their final instructions, but that the coachman was a person of competent skill in his business, that the coach was properly made, the horses steady, &c.-Story's Law of Bailments, 375, and the cases: there cited. The injury may have been the result of inevitable accident, arising from the state of the road, or from the physical ina-

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

189

[Stokes vs. Saltonstall.]
bility of the driver, caused by extreme and unusual cold; or it may have been occasioned by the fault of the plaintiff, or by the fault of the driver, or by mixed fault. The plaintiff, it is insisted, is bound to prove negligence, however slight, in order to maintain the action. Now, if the event itself is to be evidence of negligence,itwouldbe right to vary the -rule,and say that the defendant was bound to prove that there was no negligence. In the cases cited in the Court below, the breaking down resulted from some supposed negligence in preparation ; but when it is satisfactorily shown that the driver isa person of competent skill, that the horses and coach, &c., were properly provided, it is shown that there was no want of due preparation for the journey. If, ii travelling on a level road, a wheel comes off, or an-axletree snaps, it is strong prima facie evidence of negligence in preparation ; but mere proof of.the breaking down, without showing the proximate cause of the breaking down, (as the coming off of,the wheel, or the snapping of the axletree,) is not prima facie evidence of negligence. In our case, the mere overturning is ruled to be evidence of negligence, but the proximate cause of the overturning is not established. It was an open question upon the evidence. Upon this distinction, it is conceived that the instruction is not warranted by the cases; and that the burden of showing "that the accident was not occasioned by the driver's fault," was improperly thrown upon the defendant; and. that it was at least, rebutted by the hypothesis assumed in the 16th prayer.-Vide Lane vs. Crombie, 12 Pick. 177, and the cases cited, per curiam.

Mr. Johnson for the defendant. The exec- tion to the statement of the answer of the driver to Mr. Ludlow, was made before the evidence was given. The exception should have pointed out the part of the evidence which was objectionable, and not having done this it must be overruled. This is a familiar rule. But the evidence was proper. It cannot be denied that the reckless and heartless declarations of the driver to Mr. Ludlow, with his other conduct, as proved by other witnesses; made while Mrs. Saltonstall was suffering the most severe agony, were proper testimony to go to the jury in aggravation of the da-
mages. The following propositions are sustained by authorities. 1. For the sufficiency of the stage coach with reference to defects
visible, or not visible, under ordinary examination, the carrier is responsible. 1 Carrington and Payne, 414. Sharp vs. Grey, 9 Bingh.
457. 2. The breaking down, and consequently the upsetting of the
stage coach, unexplained, is prima facie evidence of negligence. Christie vs. Griggs, 2 Campbell, 79.
3. When there is danger in any particular part of the route, it is the duty of the driver of the stage to state its full extent to the passengers. Dudley vs. Smith, 1 Campbell, 167.
4. If a passenger is, by the negligence or want I'oskill of the

190

SUPREME COURT.

[Stokes vs,Sfdtotmsl.
driver, or-by the iqsufficiendy, of the carriage, in such a state of peril as to render an enort to escape from ity an act of prudence, and if in escaping he is injured, the owner of the stage is responsible. Jones vs. Boyse, 1 Stark. Rep. 393.

Mr. Justice BARBOUJR delivered thle opinion of the Court. This is a writ of error 'to a judgment of the Circuit Court of the United States for the fourth circuit, and district of Maryland.
It was an action on th case, brought by the defendant in error, against the plaintiff in error, and Richard C. Stockton, to recover damages for an injury sustained by his wife, by the upsetting of a stage coach in which she Niras a passenger, and of which said Stockton and Stokes were the proprietors. The suit was brought in the name of Saltonstall alone; but there is in the record an agreement signed by the counsel of the parties, stipulating, amongst other things, that the plaintiff might recover in it, any damages which might be recovered in an action by himself and wife, or by himself alone.
The declaration alleges that the injury complained of, was caused
by the negligence and want of skill of the driver, then in the employment of the said Stockton and Stokes, and engaged in driving their coach, in which the plaintiff's wife was a passenger at the time she :reeived the injury. In the progress of the case, Stockton, one of the defendants, died, and his. death having been suggested upon
the record, the case proceeded against Stokes. He pleaded the Leneral issue of " not guilty," on which issue was joined.
At the trial, the defendant took a bill of exceptions to the ruling of the Court; from-which it appears, that he asked the Court to give to the jury sixteen several instructions, and the plaintiff asked of the Court two instructions; all of which, as well those asked by the defendant, as by the plaintiff, the Court fefused. But-the Cohirt did give the jury the four following instructions, to wit:
1. That the defendant is not liable in this action unless the jury find that the injury of which the plaintiff complains was occasioned by the negligence or want of proper skill or care in the driyer of the
carriage, in which he and his wife were passengers: and the facts that the carriage was upset, and the plaintiffTs wife injured, are prima facie evidence that there was carelessness, or negligence, or want of skill on the part of the driver, and throws upon the defendant the burden of proving that the accident was not occasioned by
the driver's fault. 2. It being admitted that the carriage was upset, and the plain-
tiff's wife injured, it is incumbent on the defendant to prove that the
driver was a person of competent skill, of good habits, and in every respect qualified, and suitably prepared for the business in which he was engaged; and that he acted on this occasion with reasonable skill, and with the utmost prudence and caution; and if the disaster in question was occasioned by the least negligence, or want of skill, or ,prudence on his part, then the defendant is liable in this
action.

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

191

[Stokes v. Saltonstall.)
3. If the jury find there was no Want of proper..kil, or care, or caution on the part of the driver, and that the stage was upset by the act of the plaintiff or his wife, in rashly and improperly springing from it, then the defendant is not liable to this action: but if the want of proper skill or care of the driver p acbd the passengers in a state of peril, and they had at that time a reasonable ground for supposing that the stage would upset, or that the driver was incapable of managing his horses, the plaintiff is entitled to recover; although the jury may believe from the position in which the stage was placed by the negligence of the driver, the attempt of the plain-
tiff or his wife to escape, may have increased the peril, or even caused the stage to, upset; and although they may also find that the plaintiff and his wife would probably have sustained little or no in,jury if they had remained in the stage.
4. If the jury shall find that the driver was a person of competent skill, and in every respect qualified and suitably prepared for the business in which he was engaged,- and that the accident was occasioned by no fault or want of skill or care, on his part, or that of the defendant or his agents, but by physical disability arising from extreme and }lnusual cold, which rendered him'incapable for the time to do his duty; then the defendant is not liable in this action.
Under thesl instructions, he plaintiff obtained a verdict for seven thousand one hundred and thirty dollars, for which the Court rendered a judgment in his favour; and from that judgment this writ of error is taken.
We consider it altogether unnecessary to notice any ot the instructions asked for by the defendant, and which the Court refused to give, because those which they did give cover the whole ground; and therefore, it depends upon their correctness whether the judgment is to b&affirmed. or not.
We think that the Court laid down the law correctly in eactr and all of these instructions. It is certainly a sound principle that a contract to carry passengers differs from a contract to carry goods. For the goods, the carrier is answerable, at all events, except the act of God, &ndthe public enemy. But although he does riot warrant the safey of the passengers, at all events, yet his undertaking and liability as to,them;'go to this extent: that he, or his agent, if, as in this case, he acts by agent, shall Possess competent skill; and that as far as human care and foresight can go, he will transport them safely. The principle is in substance thus laid down in the case of Christie vs. Griggs, 2 Campbell, 79.
So it is also in the case of Aston vs. Heaven, 2 Espinasse's Rep. 533, where it is said, that coach owners are not liable for injuries happening. to passengers, from accident, or misfortune, where there has been no negligence, or default in the driver; that the action stands on the ground of negligence, but that a driver is answerable for the smallest negligence.
The principle is thus laid down in 2 Kent's Commentaries, 466: "The pronrietors of a stage coach, do not warrant, the safety qf

192

SUPREME COURT.

1Stokeer vs. Saltonstall.]
passengerg in the character of cornmon carriers; and they are not responsible for mere accidents to the persons of the passengers, but
,only for the want of due care." What the author understood to be due ca:re, will .appear from this consideration, that in support of his proposition, he'refers to the two-cases which we 'nave just cited.
In Story on Bailments, many cases are collected together upon this 'subject, in pages 376-7, as illustrative- of the principle, which
is by that author laid down in these words: "If he (that is, the driver) is guilt r of any rashness, negligence, or misconduct, or is
unskilful, or deviates from the acknowledged custom of the road,
the proprietors will be responsible for any injuries resulting from
his actz. Thus, if the driver drives with reins so loose that he cannot govern his horses, the proprietors of the coach will be answer-
able. So if there is danger in a part of the road, or in a particular passage, and he omits to give due warning to the passengers. So,
if he takes the wrong side of the road, and an accident happens from want of proper room. So if, by any incaution, he comes in collision with another carriage." To which we will add the further
example: wherever there is rapid driving, which, under the crcumstances of the case, amounts to rashness. In short, says the author, he must in all cases exercise a sound and reasonable discretion in-travelling on the road, to avoid dangers and difficulties; and if he omits it, his principals are liable.
The only case which is recollected to have come before this Court on this subject, is that of Boyce vs. Anderson, 2 Peters, 150. That was an action brought by the owner of slaves, against the proprietor of a steamboat, on the Mississippi, to recover damages for the loss of the slaves, alleged to have been caused by the negligence or mismanagement of the captain and commandant of the boat. The Court distinguished slaves, being human beings, from goods; and held, that the doctrine as to the liability of common carriers for mere goods, did not apply to them, but that in respect of them, the carrier was liable only for ordinary neglect. The Court seem to have considered that case as being a sort of intermediate one between goods and passengers. We think, therefore, that any thing said in that case, in the reasoning of the Court, nust be confined-in its ap.plication to that case; and does not affect the principle which we have before laid down. That principle, in our opinion, fully justifies the first and second instructions given by the Court; except that part of those instructions which relates to the onus probandi: and -although we think this portion of the instructions as well founded, in justice and law, as the other, yet it rests upon a different ground. The first part has relation to the liability of. the defendant, the second, to the question, on whom devolves the burden of proof. If the question were -one of the first impression, we should, upon the reason and justice of the case, adopt the principle laid down by the Circuit Court. But although there is no case which could have th6 weight of aulhority in this Court, we are not without a decision in relation to it The very. poiut was decided in

JANUARY TtRM,,1;3.9.

193

£Stokes ft Saltonstall

2 Camp. 80; where it is said by Mansfield, Chief Justice, that, he thought the plaintiff had, made a'prima facie case. by provi, ' his going 9n the coach, thb accident, and the damage 4e,ld sUT_-
fered. It is objected,.howevQr, in the printed argument which has been.
laid before u!, that althdngh the facts of the overturning of.the coach, and the inurey-sustained, are prinia facie evidence of negli-
gence, they did aot throw uppn the defendant the burden of proving that such overturning and injury were not occasioned bythe driver's default, but only that the coachman was 'A person of cpnp.etent skill in his business; that thp, coach was pfoperly made, the tiorsps

steady, &c.

Now, taking that portioti of the first and second instructions

which relates to the burden of proof together, we updorstand them

as substantially amounting to what the objection itself seems o

concede to be a proper ruling, and what we consider to be the law.

For although, in the first, it-is said, that these facts threw upon the

defendant the burden of pToving that -the accident was npt occa-

sioned by the driver's fault; yet, in the second, it is declared, that

it was incumbent-on the defendant, in order to meet the plaintiff s

prima facie case, to.prove that the driver was a person of compe-

tent skill, of good habits, and in eveyy respect qualified, and suita-

bly prepared for the business in which he was engaged; and that'

he acted on the occasion with reasonable skill, and with the utmost

prudence and caution.

This affirmative evidence, then, was pointed out by the Court

as the means of proving what was in terms stated in the form of a

negative proposition before, that is, that the accident was not occa-

sioned by the driver's fault. . The third instruction also announces a principle, which we think stands supported by the soundest rea-

son; and we should, therefore, adopt it as being. correct, if it were

altogethe'r a new question.

But this, too, is in -accordance with the doctrine of Lord Ellenborough, in 1 Starkie's Cases, 493, in which he says, that toenable

the plaintiff to sustain the action it is not necessary that he should

have been- thrown off the coach; it is sufficient if he were placed

by the misconduct of the defendant, in such a situation as obliged

him to adopt the alternative of a dangerous leap, or to remain at

certain peril; if that position was occasioned by the fault of the

defendant, the action may be supported. On the other hand, if the

plaintiff's act resulted from a rash apprehension of danger, which

did not exist, and the injury which he sustained ic to be attributed

to rashness and imprudence, he is not entitled to recover.

The instruction which we are now coflsidering is framed in the

spirit of the principle which we have just stated, and we think it

wholly unexceptionable.

The fourth instruction which was given to the jury was in favour

of the defendant; now plaintiff in error,, and, therefore, need not be

VOL. XIII.-R

25

1.4

SUPREME COURT.

[Stokes vs. SaltonstaUI.]
considered. Upon the whole, we thirfk that there is no error in the judgment. It is, the4 efore, affirmed with costs.

This cause came on to~be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the district of Maryland, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is
ordered and adjudged by this Court, that the judgment of the Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed with costs and damages at the rate of six'per centum per annum.

498

SUPREME COURT.

DE LA FAYETTR WILCOX, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, VS. JOHN JACKSON,
ON THE DEMISE OF MURRAY M'CONNEL, DEFENDANT IN ERROR.
Ejectment for a tract of land in Cook county, Illinois, being a fractional section, embracing the military post called Fort'Dearborn, at the time of the institution of the suit; in the possession of the defendant as the commanding officer of the United States. The post was established in 1804, and was occupied -by the troops of the United States until August 16th, 1812, when the troops were massacred, and the fort taken by the enemy. It was reoccupied by the United States in 1816, and continued to be so held until May, 1823, aturing which time some factory houses, for the use of the Indian department, were erected on it. It was evacuated by order of the war department in 1823, and was, by order of the department, again occupied -by troops in 1828,as one of the military posts of the United States; was again evacuated in 1831, the government having authorized a person to take and keep possession of it. It was again occupied by troops of the United States, in 1832, and continued so to be at the commencement of this suit, being generally known at Chicago to be occupied'as a military post of the United States. The buildings about the garrison were not sold in 1831, when it was evacuated; although a great part of the movable property in and about it, was sold. In 1817, Beaubean bought of an army contractor, for one thousand dollars, a house built on the land. There was attached to the house an enclosure, occupied as a garden or field,' of which Beaubean continued in possession until 1836. In 1823, the factory houses on the land were sold by order of the Secetary of War, and were bought by Beaubean, for five hundred dollars. Of these he I 2k possession, and continued to occupy them, and to cultivate the land, without interruption by the United States, until the commencement of this suit. The United States, in May, 1834, built a lighthouse on' the land, and have kept twenty acres enclosed and cultivated. The land was surveyed by the government of the United States, in 1821 ; and in 1824, at the instance of the Indian agent at Chicago, the Secretary of War -requested the commissioner of the general land offite to reserve this land for the accommodation and protection of the property of the Indian agency; who, in 1821, informed the Secretary of War that he had directed this section of land to be reserved from sale, for military purposes. In May, 1831, Beaubean claimed this land, at the land office in Palestine, for pre-emption. This claim was rejected, and, by the commissioner of the land office, he was, in February, 1832, informed that the land was reserved for military purposes. This information was also given to others who applied on his behalf.' In 1834, he applied for this land to the office in Danville, and his application was rejected. In 1835, Bdaubean applied for the land to the land office at Chicago, when his claim to pre-emption was allowed; and he paid the purchase money, and procured the register's certificate. Beaubean sold and conveyed his interest to the plaintiff'in the eject-, ment. Held, that Beaubean acquired no title to the land by. his entry ; and that the right of Ihe United States to the land was not divested or affected by the entry at the land office at-Chicago; or by any of the previous acts of Beaubean.
The decision of the Register and Receiver of;a land office, in the absence of fraud, would be conclusive as to the facts that the applicant for the land was then in possession, and of his 'cultivating the.land during the preceding year; because these questions are dirictly subrhitted to those officers. Yet, if they undertake to grant pte-emptions to land,, on which the law declares theyshall not be granted; then they ara acting upon a subject matter clearly not wiin their jurisdiction ; as much so as if a Court? Whose jurisdiction was declared not to extend beyond a given sum, should attempt cognizance of a case beyond that sum.
Appropriation of land by the government is nothing more or less than setting it apart. for sone particular use. In the case before, the Court, there has been an appropriation of the land, not only in fact, but' in law; for a military post; for an Indian agency; and for the erection. of a lighthouse. "
By the act of Congress of 1830, all lands are exempted from pre-einption which are reserved fromn sale by order of the President of the-United States. The President speaks and acts through the heads of the several departments, in relation to subjecta-which appertain to their respective duties.. Both military posts, and Indian affairs, including agen-
cies, belong to the war department, A reservation of lands, made at the request of the.

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

499

[Wilcox vs. Jackson.]
Secretary of War, for purposes in his department, must be considered as rnade by the.
President of the United S:ates within the terms of the act of Congress.
Whensoever a tract of land shall 'have once been legally appropriated to iny purpose, from that moment the land thus appropriated becomes severed from the mass of public lands: and no subsequent law, or proclamation, or sale, would be construed to embrace it, or to operate upon it: although no other reservation were made of it.
The right of pre-emption was a bounty extended to settlers and occupants of the public domain. This bounty, it cannot be supposed, was designed to be extended to the sacrifice of public establishments, or of great public interests.
Nothing passes a perfect title to public lands, with the exception of a few-cases, but a patent. The exceptions are, where Congress grants lands, in words of present grant. The general rule applies as well to pre-emptions as to other purchases of public lands.
The act of the legislature of Illinois, giving a right to the holder of a register's certificate of the entry of public lands to recover possession of such lands in an action of eject-
ment, does not apply to cases where a paramount title to the lands is in the hands of the defendant, or of those he represents. The exception in the law of Illinois, applies to.
cases in which the United States have not parted with the title 'to the land, by granting a patent for it. A state has a perfect right to legislate as she may please in regard to the remedies to be prosecuted in her Courts; and to regulate the disposition of the property of her citizens, by descent, devise, or alienation. But Congress are invested, by the Constitution, with the power of disposing of the public land, and making needful rules and regulations re-
specting it. Where a patenthas not been isgued for a part of the public lands, a state has no power to
declare any title, less than a patent, valid against a claim of the United- States to the land; or against a title held under a patent granted by the United States. Whenever the question in any Court, state or federal, is, whether the title to property which had belonged to the United States has passed, that question must be resolved by the laws'of the United States. But whenever the property hag passed, according to those laws, then the property, like all other in the state, is subject to state legislation; so far as that legislation is consistent with the admission that the title passed and vested according to the laws of the United States. Every tribunal acting judicially, whilst acting within the sphere of its jurisdiction, where no appellate tribunal is created, its judgment is final; and even where there is such an appellate power, their judgment is conclusive where it only comes.collaterally in question; so long as it is unreversed. But directly the reverse is true, in relation to the judg-
ment of any Court, acting beyond the pale of its authority. This principle is concisely and accurately stated by this Court in the case, of Elliot and others vs. Peirsol and others. 1 Peters, 340.

ERROR to the Superior Court of the state of Illinois. In the Circuit Court of Cook county, in the state of Illinois, an ac-
tion of ejectment was commenced in February, 1836, by John Jackson, on the demise of Murray M'Connel, against De la Fayette Wilcox, for the recovery of a part of the military post of Fort DearbQrn, at Chicago, in the state of Illinois; the defendant being then in possession of the premises as the commander of the post. The defendant appeared, and after the usual pleadings, the cause Was brought to trial in October, 1836, and submitted to the Court on an agreed statement of facts, which was to be taken as if found as a
special verdict. The premises sued for are part of fractional section 10, in town-
ship 39, north of range 14, east of the third principal meridian, in the county of Cook, and state of Illinois; and embrace the military p6st called Fort Dearborn, of which post, at the time of the,
bringing of this suit, and the service of the declaration therein, the! said defendant, Do la Fayette Wilcox, was in the possession of the,

SUPREME COURT.
(Wilcox vs. Jackson.]
said premises, and was the commandin g officer-under the authority of the United States; which post was established by the United States in 1804,,and was thereafter occupied by the troops of the
United States till August 16, 1812, when the troops were massacred, and the post taken by the enemies of the country. It was reoccupied by the troops on the 4th of July, 1816; in which year the United States caused to be built upon the fractional section, No. 10, T. 39, N. R. 14 east, some factory houses for the use of the Indian department. The troops continued to -occupy the post until the month of May, 1823, when it was evacuated by order of the government, and was left in possession of Dr. A. Wolcott, Indian agent at Chic ago.
On the 19th of August, in the year 1828, the military post was again occupied by the troops of the government, acting under the order of the Secretary of War, as one of the military posts of the United States. The post was again evacuated by the troops of the government in the month of May, 1831, though the government never gave up the possession of the military post, called Fort Dearborn; but left the same in the possession of one Oliver Newberry, who authorized George Dole to take and keep the same in repair; which said Dole accordingly did. Said post was again occupied by the troops of the government in June, 1832, under the command of Major Whistler, an office in the army of the United States. At the -time Major Whistler took possession, being at the time of the war with the Sock and Fox Indiaits, several hundred persons were in the fort for security against the Indians. The military post has been occupied by the troops, and was generally known at Chicago to be so occupied from that date up to the commencement of this suit, and is still used for that purpose.
When the military post was evacuated in 1831, the quartermaster at .the post, acting under orders, sold a greater part of the movable property, in and about the garrison, belonging to the government, but sold none of the buildings belonging to the military post.
In the year 1817, John Baptiste Beaubean bought of one John Dean, who was an army contractor at the post, a house built upon said land, by the said Dean, and gave him therefor one thousand dollars ; attached to the house was an enclosure used and occupied by said Dean, as a garden and field, and Mr. Beaubean then took possession ol the house and enclosure, and continued in possession, cultivating a part of the enclosure every year, from the year 1817 to the 17th of June, 1836.
In .1823, the factory houses built at the post upon the tract of land, were by order of the Secretary of the Treasury sold, and Capt. Henry Whiting became the purchaser thereof:. In the same year Whiting sold said improvements to the American Fur Company, and the company for the sum of five hundred dollars sold to said Beaubean, who took possession thereof, and continued to occupy the same, together with a part of the quarter section of land, to the

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

501

(Wilcox vs. Jackson.]
date of the commencement of this suit. Mr. Beaubean continued
to occupy said houses and enclosure upon the land, and to cultivate a part of the land unmolested and undisturbed by any person whatever, from the year 1817 up to the. day of the commencement of this suit.
The land in question was surveyed by the government in the
year 1821. Since the military post was reoccupied by the United States
troops in 1832, as before stated, to wit, before the first day of May, 1834, the United States built a lighthouse upon part of the land, and have kept constantly enclosed and cultivated for the use of the said garrison at least twenty acres of said land.. The United States troops, by order and consent of the government, have also used and occupied various other government lands near and adjoining the quarter section of land.
On the 2d of September, 1824, Dr. A. Wolcott, Indian agent, then stationed at Chicago, wrote the following letter to the Secretary of War of the United States, to wit:

"Fort Dearborn,Chicago,Sept. 2, 1824.

"Sir: I have the honour to suggest to your consideration the pro-

priety of making a reservation of this post and the fraction on which

it is situated, for the use of .this agency. It is very convenient for

that purpose, as the quarters afford sufficient accommodation for all

the persons in the employ of the agency, and the storehouses are

safe and commodious places for the provisions and other property

that may be in charge of the agent. The buildings and other pro-

perty, by being in possession of a public officer, will be preserved

for public use, should it ever be necessary to occupy them again

with a military force.

As to the size of the fraction I am not certain, but I think it con-

tains about sixty acres; a considerable greater tract than that is

under fence; but that would be abundantly sufficient for the use of,

the agency, and contains all the buildings attached to the fort, such

as a mill, barn, stable, &c. which it would b6 desirable to preserve.

I hale the honour to be, &c.,

ALEXANDER WOLCOTT, Jun.,

HON. J. C. CALHOUN, Secretary of War.

Indiap .dgent."

Which letter John C. Calhoun, then Secretary of War of the United States, on the 30th of September, 1824, enclosed with the following note to George Graham, Esq., Commissioner of the Gene-
ral Land Office of the United States.

"Department of War, 30th Sept. 1824.

"Sir: I enclose herewith a copy of a letter from Dr. Wolcott, Indian agent at Chicago, and request you will direct a reservation

to be made for the use of the Indian department at that post, agree-

ably to his suggestions. I have the honour to be, &c.

GEORGE GRAHAm, Esq.,

J. C. CALHOUN.-

Commis8ionerofthe GeneralLand Office, TreasuryDepartment."

SUPREME COURT.
[Wilcox vs. Jackson.]
And thereupon, on the first day of October, 1824, George Graham, then commissioner of the land office, addressed 'a letter in reply to the Secretary of War, at the. same time subjoining to the letter of the said Secretary of War, this note, to wit: "Answered the first of October, 1824, and the frac. Sec. 10, T. 39, N. R. 14 E.-coloured and marked on the map, as reserved for military purposes."
The letter in reply is as follows, to wit:
"General Land Office, 1st of October, 1824. "Sir: In compliance with your request, I have directed that the fractional section 10, Township 39, N. R. 14 E., containing 57.50 acres, and within which Fort Dearborn is'situated, should be reserved from sale for military purposes. I am, &C. GEORGE GRAHAM.
H oN.,J. C. CALHOUN, Secretary of War."
Which fractional section, mentioned in the foregoing letter of Geo'rge Graham, Qmbraces the premises sued for, and Fort Dearborn, occupied by the United States as aforesaid.
After the writing and receipt of the letters aforesaid, to wit, on the 29th day of May, 1830, Congress passsed a law grLnting the right df pre-emption upon the public lands to every person who cultivated any part of a quarter section of said land in 1829, and was in the actual possession thereof on the 29th 'day of May, 1830; but whicn pre-emption right does not extend to any land which is reserved from sale by act of Congress, or by order of the President, or which may have been appropriated for any purpose whatsoever, or for the use of the United States,.or either of the states in whichany of the public lands may be situated. 'Mr. Beaubean having cultivated a part of F section in 1829, and having been in possession of a part so cultivated on the 29th day of May, 1830; on the 7th day of May, 1831, madnp application to the Register and Receiver of the United States lan l office at Palestine, in Illinois, and offered to prove a pre-emptioi upon the land, and purchase the same at private sale, under the, pre-emption law, which claim of pre-emption upon the land was not by the Register and Receiver at Palestine allowed to Mr. Beaubean.
One Robert Kenzie, on the 7th day of Mfay, 1831, made application to the Register and Receiver of the land office, to be allowed to enter at private sale a part of the same fractional section 10; and the claim by the said Register -and Receiver was then passed and allowed, and Robert Kenzie was then permitted to enter at private sale, under pre-emption law,' the north fraction of fractional section ten.
After the application of Mr. Beaubean to the Register and Receiver at Palestine as aforesaid, to wit, on the 7th and -12th- of May, 1831, Joseph Kitchell, then Register of 'the land office, addressed letters to Elijah Hayward, Esq., then Commissioner of the General Land Office of the United States, informing 'him of the application of the said Beaubean to enter said S. W. F section 10,

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

503

[Wilcox vs. Jackson.)
town 39, north of range 14 east, under the pre-emption act; and on the 2d of November, 1831, Mr. Beaubean addressed a letter to the said Hayward, commissioner, &c., stating that in the month of May preceding he had filed in the offide at Palestine aforesaid, proof of
his right of pre-emption to the land, and insisting that he was
entitled to have the claim allowed; and in answer thereto was informed by the commissioner by letter dated the 2dof February, 1832, that said south-west quarter of said fractionatiection ten, T. 39, N. R. 14 E. was reserved for military purposes. On-the'ist of October, 1824, seyeral other persons, in behalf of said Beaubean, after his application as aforesaid, prior to the said 2d of February,
1832, made inquiry by letter of said commissioner touching the same, and were informed by the commissioner that the .tract Of land had been reserved for military purposes, and said Beaubean's
apjlication as aforesaid was rejected.. .Afterwards, to wit, on the 19th day of Jilme, 1834; Congress
passed an act to revive the pre-emption law of the 29th of May, 1830, by the first section of Which act is provided that every settler
or occupant of the public lands prior to the passage of this act, who is now in possession, and cultivated any part thereof in 1833, shall be entitled to all the benefits and privileges of the-act entitled an act to grant pre-emption rights to settlers on public lands, approved 29th May, 1830, and the act is hereby revived; and shall continue in force two years from the passage of this atct and no longer-; and Mr. Beaubean hdving cultivated a part of the fractional quarter of section ten in 1833, and having been in the actual possession and occupancy of the part, so by him cultivated, on the 19th day of June 1834, the date of the passage of the last recited law, did, in the month of July, 1834,.apply to the Register and Receiver of the United States land office at Danville in Illinois, for leave to prove a pre-emption, and enter the fractional quarterinder the last recited act; which application and claim of Beaubean was rejected by the said Register and Receiver at Danville aforesaid, Who informed Beaubean that said land was reserved for military purposes
After the writing of the letters by Dr. Wolcott, Indian agent, and J. C. Calhoun, Secretary of War, and George Graham, Commissioner of the General Land Office, herein before referred to and set forth, to wit, on the 26th day of June, 1834, Congress by a law approved upon that day created two additionol land districts in Illinois; one called north-west and the other the north-east land districts of 'the state of Illinois, and the last mentioned district includes the land in
controversy. By the fourth section of said act it'is provided that the President
shall be authorized, so soon as the survey shall be completed, "to cause to be offered for sale, in the manner prescribed by law, all the lands lying in said land district at the land offices, in the tespective districts in which the lands so offered is embracedi reserving only section sixteen in each township, the tract reserved for the village of Galena; such other tracts, as have been granted to individuals.

·504

SUPREME COURT.

[Wilcox V8.Jackson.]
and the state of Illinois, and such reservation as the President shall aeem necessary to retain for military posts; any law of Congress heretofore existing to tlhe contrary notwithstanding."
It is further provided by said act, that there "shall be established in each of said land districts a land office at such time and place as the President tiiay deem necessary;" and that a land office was established -n said north-east land district before the 1st of May, 1835, which is the land office at Chicago.
After the passage of the act, and after the land office aforesaid was established, the President of the United States, on the 12th day of Februa'ry, 1835, made and published his proclamation directing various lands in §aid north-eastern land district to be sold at said
land office at Chicago. Among said lands so proclaimed for sale, is 'the said fractional section 10, in town 39, N. R. 14 E. unless the same is excepted by the general exception in said proclamation, in the words following, to wit: "The lands reserved by law for the
use, of schools, and for other purposes, will be excluded from the sale.''
The lands were directed by the proclamation to be sold at Chicago land office aforesaid, on the 15th day of June, 1835, and before the said 15th day of June, to wit, in the month of April, 1835, the Commissioner of the General Lan& Office caused to be transmitted to-said land office at Chicago the extended plat -ofthe land in the said proclamation mentioned, marking and colouring upon said plat certain lands to be reserved from sale; but neither the fractional
section 10, or any of the divisions thereof, were so marked or coloured to be reserved from sale.
At the bottom of the President's prodlamation is a general notice requiring all persons who claim the right of pre-emption to any of the lands in the proclamation mentioned, to appear before the Register and Receiver of the land office before the day appointed by said proclamation for the sale of said lands, and prove their pre-emption; and after the notice the said John Baptiste Beaubean did, on the 28th day of May, 1835, appear before the register and receiver of the land office at Chicago, there prove to the satisfaction of the said Register and-Receiver that he was entitled to the right of pre-emption to the said south-west fractional quarter of
fractional section ten, and Mr. Beaubean did, on the 28th dwy of May, 1835, enter and purchase at private sale of the United States
and of the. Register of said land office, the south-west fractional section ten, and then and there paid to the Receiver of-said land office one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre, in full payment for said land, and obtained from the Receiver aforesaid the following receipt, to wit:

"Land Office, at Chicago,Illinois; 28th May, 1835._ "Pre-emption Act, 19th June, 1834.
No. 6. Received of John Baptiste Beaubean, of Cook county, fllinois, the sum of ninety-four dollars ano-6ixty-one cents, being in

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

505

(Wilcox w. Jackson.]
full payment tor the south-west fractional quarter of section No. 10, in township No. 39, north of range No. 14, east of the third principal meridian, containing seventy-five acres and sixty-ninehundredths of an acre, at the rate of $1 25 per acre. E. D. TAYL oR, ReceiVer.
$94 61.-Michigan paper."

Mr. Beaubean also obtained from the register of the last mentioned land office a certificate in the words and Agures following, to
wit:-

" Land Office at Chicago, Illinois, May 28th, 1835.

"No. 6. It is hereby certified that, in pursuance of law, John

Baptiste Beaubean, of Cook county, state, of Illinois, on this day pur-

chased of the register of this office the lot or sguth-west fractional

quarter of section number ten,. in township number 39, north of

range fourteen east, containing seventy-five and sixty-nine hun-

dredths acres, at the rate of one dollar and, twenty-five cents per

acre, amounting to ninety-four dollars and seventy-five cents, for

which the said John Baptiste Beaubean has made payment in full

as required by law. Now, therefore, be it known, that on the pre-

sentation of this certificate to the Commissioner of the General Land

Office, the said John Baptiste Beaubean shall be entitled to receive a

patent for the lot above described.

JAMES WHITLOCK, Register.

Pre-emption act, 1834."

Which certificate was presented to the Commissioner of the General Land Office, and filed in the office.
Afterwards, to wit, on the 4th day of March, 1836, the Register of the said land office at Chicago made, signed, and delivered to Mr. Beaubean his certificate in the words and figures following,
to wit:-

"1Land Office, Chicago, Illinois.

"I, James Whitlock, register of the land- office at Chicago, in the

state of Illinois, do hereby certify that John Baptiste Beaubean5 of

the town of Chicago and state of Illinois,.did, on the 28th day of

May, in the year of our Lord 1835, inder and t virtue of an act

of Congress, passed on the 19th day of June, 1834, eititled, "An act

to revive an act granting pre-emption rights to settlers on the public

lands, passed the 29th day of May, 1830, prove to the satisfaction

of the register and receiver that the said Beaubean was entitled to

the right of pre-emption under said act of the 19th of June, 1831i to

the, south-west fractional quarter of fractional section number ten, ii

township- 39, north of range number fourteen east, and the said

Beaubean did then enter and purchase of the United States and of

the register of said office the said south-west fractional quarter of

fractional section number ten, in township number thirty-nine,

north of range number fourteen east, of the third principal meri-

dian, situated in the district of lands offered for sale at the land

office at. Chicago aforesaid, and is included in the north-east

VOL. XIII.-2 U

64.

506

SUPREME COURT.

tWilcox vs. Jackson.]
lan4 district of the state of Illinois, which tract of land contains. seventy-five acres and sixty-nine hundredths of an acre; for which tract of land he, the said Beaubean, paid the sum :of ninety-four do]lars and sixty.one cents, being one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre in full payment for the same.
All of which appears by the papers on file in said land office, and by the maps, plats, and records of said office now here.
Given under my hand, as register as aforesaid, at the land office aforesaid, this 4th day of March, in the year of our Lord 1-836,
JAMES WHI'LCK, Register."

AfterWards, towit, on the 2d day of July, 1836, Congress passed

an act entitled an act to confirm the sales of public lands in certain

cases, by the second section of which it is provided that ." in all

cases whdre any entry has been made under the pre-emption laws,

pursuant to instructions sent to the register and receiver from the

treasury department, and the proceedings have been in all other

respects fair and regular, such entries and sales are hereby con,

firmed, and patents shall be issued thereon as in other cases."

It is admitted that th6 defendant, Wilcox, at the commencement

of this suit, and at the time of the service of the' declaration in eject-

ment herein, was in the occupancy and possession of the premises

in said declaration mentioned, which is a stockade of. pickets, in-

cluding some wooden buildings in which the soldiers and officers

reside, and that the rents and prbfits of said premises then was, and

still are of the value of three dollars per month. .t is also.admitted that said defendant Wilcox then was, and still

is .an officer in the'United States army, and was ordered into pos-

session and command of the military post on the premises, together

with the United States troops under his command, by order of the

Secretary of War of the United States; -and that said Wilcox claims

no right of ownership in himself to the land, but is in possession of

and occupies the same not in his own right, but as an officer of the

army of the United States only, in the command of the post, acting

under order of the Secretary of War, and of his superior officer, and

of the United States.

After the purchase of the said land by Mr. Beaubien, as herein

before stated, to wit,.on the sixth day of February, 1836, he,

the said Beaubien, by deed duly executed, acknowledged, and re-

corded, according to the laws of the said state of Illinois, for and in

consideration of the sum of

dollars therein expressed, sold

and conveyed the said premises, in the declaration mentioned, to

Murray M'Connel, the lessor of the plaintiff; who purchased with a

knowledge that a controversy existed between Mr. Beaubean and the government about said land.

It is further admitted that after the purchase of the land by J. B.

Beaubean, as herein before §tated, Elijah Hayward, Esq., then

Commissioner of the General Land Office, on the 31st of July, 1835,

addressed a letter to the Register and Receiver of the land office,

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

507

[Wilcox vs. Jackson.]
at Chicago, stating that it had been represented to the department that the land officers at Chicago had permitted to be sold said southwest fractional section ten, T. 39 N. R. 14 E. including thl site of Fort Dearborn, and informing them that such sale is invalid in con sequence of the reservation and appropriation of said fraction for military purposes, since the year 1824, and directing the Receiver to refund to Mr. Beaubean the amount of the purchase money paid thereon, which money was tendered by the Receiver to Mr. Beaubean, who refused to receive the same.
On the 23d of January, in the year 1834, Elijah Hayward, then Commissioner of the General Land Office, addressed a note to the Hon. Lewis Cass, then Secretary of War of the United States, enclosing a copy of the letter of the 30th of September, 1824, from the then Secretary of War, Mr. Calhoun, requesting that said tract of land at Chicago, upon which Port Dearborn was situated, might be reserved for the Indian department, and a copy of the Commis-
sioner Graham's reply, of the 1st of October, 1824, herein before set forth, stating that he had directed the land to be reserved for military purposes, and after stating that the tract of land in question, designated as fractional section ten, T. 39 N. R. 14 E. was claimed
under the act of Congress, granting pre-emption rights; and Mr, Commissioner Hayward then requested said Secretary Cass to advise the office whether it was then (to wit, on the 23d of January, 18 34,) needed by the war department, and if so, whether it is consi-
dered a military reservation, or as a reservation for the use of the Indian department; and on the 21st of March, 1834, the Secretary of War addressed a letter in answer to the inquiry of the Commissioner, informing him that the reservation at Chicago, alluded to in the letter of the Commissioner, of the 23d January, 1834, was wanted, and was actually used for military purposes.
It is admitted that various persons, fiorn-time to time, have resided upon' the fractional quarter section ten, as well as Mr. Beau-
bean, but all those persons were all, in some way, connected with the army, and acting under the command of the United States' officers; and that one Samuel T. Brady, (who was a settler at said military post,) in June, 1835, presented his claim to the right of preemption to the land, before the register 'and. receiver of the said land office at Chicago, but which claim was rejected by the land officers, or nevqr ated upon by them.
All the facts herein stated are admitted to be true; but they are not admitted to be evidence in the cause, unless the Court should
be of opinion, upon the hearing of the case, that the facts, or any of them, would be admissible as evidence, if offered in evidence by one party, and objected to by the other, upon the trial of the cause -before a jury.
It is agreed that, if the Court should be of opinion, upon the hearing of the case, that the law of the case is with the plaintiff, a judgmentshall be rendered, that he recover his term aforesaid; and that
he have his writ of ppssessionf &c., and that a judgn.ent be rendered

SUPREME COURT.
[Wilcox vs. Jackson.)
against the dcfendant in favour of the plaintiff, for the use of the said lessor, for the amount of the rents and profits in the said plaintiff's declaration mentioned, together with his costs. But should the Court be of opinion that the law of the case is with the defendant, then the plaintiff shall take nothing by his suit, and a judgment shall be rendered against the lessor of the plaintiff for the cost of this suit.
Each party retains the right to remove the cause to the Supreme Court of the state of Illinois, by appeal or writ of error.
The judge of the Circuit Court of illinois gave judgment for the defendant: and an appeal was taken to the Supreme Court of Illinois, by which Court the judgment of the Circuit Court was reversed, ind judgnent entered for-the'plaintiff below.
To reverse this judgment, this writ of error was suied out at the ,nstance of the United States ; they being the parties interested in the case.
The case was argued by Mr. Butler, and by Mr. Grundy, Attoiney General, for the plaintiffs; and by Mr. Key and Mr. Webster foi the defendant.
For the plaintiff in error, it was contended., I. Even if he admitted that Beaubean was entitled to right of pre-emptioh, and that the sale and the certificates thereof were properly made to him; still the plaintiff cannot recover in this suit. I1. On the'trae construction of the-several acts of Congress applicable to the case; a patent is necessary to the completion of the legal title, and nothing short of it can, as against the United States, defeat their title in an action of ejectment. 2. The plaintiff can derive no aid from the law of Ihlinois, referred to in the opinions of the Courts below; because that law, if it attempts to make the certificate of the Register of the land office evidence of title as against the United States, is repugnant to the ordinance of 1787; to the Constitution of the United States; and to the acts of Congress for the disposal of the public lands, and is) therefore, null and void. II. The land officers at Chicago had no jurisdiction or authority to allow, or act on the pre-emption claim of Beaubean ; and the entry and pretended purchase by him were, therefore, as against the United States, utterly null and void. 1. Beaubean's possession and occupancy were subject to the control of the officers and troops of the United States stationed at Fort Dearborn; and, therefore, he could not acquire, within the meaning of the acts of Congress,'a pre-emption right to any part of the premises. 2. The premises in question were withdrawn from the general operation of the pre-emption and other laws, by the act of Congress :of March 3d, 1819, ".to authorise the sale of certain military sites."

JANUARY TERM, 1839..

509

(Wilcox vs. Jackson.]
3. If not so withdrawn, they were yet excepted from the preemption laws of the 29th of May, 1830, and the 19th of June, 1834; because reserved and appropriated, or at least appropriatcd, for use of the United States, within the meaning of those acts.
4. The act of June 26, 1834, creating additional land districts, gives no right of pre-emption; and the plaintiff can therefore derive no title therefrom; and the premises were also excepted from that law, because reserved, within the meaning thereof, as necessary to be retained for a military post.

Mr. Justice BARBOuR delivered the opinion of the -Court: This is a writ of error to the Supreme Court'of the state of Illinois,
prosecuted under the 25th section of the judiciary act of 1789. It was an action of ejectment, brought by the defendant in error against the plaintiff in error.
From an agreed case stated in the record, the following appear to be the material facts upon which the questions to be decided. arise. The land in question is part of fractional section 10, in township 39, north of range 14, east of the third principal meridian, in the county of Cook, and state of Illinois; and embraces the military post called Fort Dearborn, of which post, at the time of bringing the suit, Wilcox was in possession, as the commanding officer of the United States; which post was established by the United Statds iri 1804, and was thereafter occupied by ihe troops of the United States until the 16th August, 1812, when the troops were massa-
cred, and the post taken by the enemy. It was re-occupied in 1816, when the United States built upon said fractional section some factory houses for the use of the Indian department.
The troops continued to occupy it until May, 1823, when it was
evacuated by order of the government, and was left in possession of the Indian agent at Chicago. In August, 1828, it was again occupied by the troops, acting under the orders of the SecretaTy of War, as one of the military posts of the United States. It was again evacuated by the troops in May, 1831 ; but the government never gave up possession' of it, but left it in possession of one Oliver Newberry, who authorized a certain George Dole to take and keep it in repair; which he accordingly did. It was again occupied by the troops of the government in June, 1832, under command of an officer of the army of the United States. It has been occupied by the troops, and was generally known at Chicago to be so occupied, from that time up to the commencement of the suit; and was at the time of the trial still used for that purpose. When it was evacuated in 1831, the quartermaster at the post, acting under orders, soldthe greater part of the movable property in and about the garrison belonging to the government, but sold none of the buildings. In the year 1817, John B. Beaubean bought of one John Dean, who was
an army contractor at the post, a house built upon the land by Dean, at the price of $1000 : there was attached to the house an enclosure
occupied by Dean as a garden and field; Beaubean then took possession 2u2

50

SUPREME COURT.

£Wilcox vs. Jackson.]
of th house and enclosure, and continued in possession, cultivating a part of the enclosure every year, from 1817 to 1836: In 1823, the faciory houses on the land at said post were sold by order of the Secretary of the Treasury, which, after an intermediate sale, were bought by Beaubean at $500; who took possession, and continued to occupy the same, together with a pari of the quarter section of land, until the commencement of this suit. Beaubean continued to occupy the houses and enclosure, and to cultivate a part of the land, without interruption, from 1817 to the commencement of this suit. The land was surveyed by government in- 1821. Since it was reoccupied by the troops in 1832, and before the 1st of May, 1834, the United States built a lighthouse on part of the land, and have kept at least twenty acres constantly enclosed and cultivated for the use of the garrison. _n the year 1824, at the instance of the then Indian agent at Chicago, who suggested that it would be convenient
for the accommodation of the persons and protection of -the property of the agency, the Secretary of War requested the Commissioner of the General Land'Office to direct a reservation to be made for the use of the Indian department at that post; and in October, 1824, the
Commissioner answered, saying that he had directd the section now in question to be reserved from sale, for military purposes. In May, 1831, Beaubean made a claim for pre-emption of the land in question at the land office in Palestine, which was rejected. In Febru-
ary, 1832, in answer to a letter from Beaubean on the subject, the Commissioner of the General Land Office informed him that the land in question was reserved for military purposes. The same information was given to others who made application in behalf of Beaubean. In 1834, he made claim for a pre-emption in the same, at the Danville land office, which was also rejected. In 1835, Beaubean applied to the land office at Chicago, when his claim to preemption was allowed; and he paid the purchase money, and procured the Register's certificate thereof. Wilcox went into and continued in possession, claiming no right of ownership; but as an officer of the United States only, in command of said post, acting
under'the orders of the Secretary of War, his superior officer, and the United States. Beaubean sold and conveyed his interest to the lessor of the plaintiff.
Upon this state of facts two questions arise which, in our opinion, -mbraces tho whole merits of the case; and which we will now proceed to examine. The first is, wlther under the, facts of the case, and the law applying to them, Beaubean acquired any title whatsoever to the land in question? The second is, whether if he did acquire any title at all', is it such an one as will enable the lesser of the plaintiff to recover in this action ?
As to the first question. The ground of the claim is the right of Beaubean as a settler, to a pre-emption under the act of the' 19th June, 1834, entitled, "An act to revive an act. granting pre-emption rights to settlers on the public lands, passed 29th of May, 1830."
ow, as this act gives to the persons claiming under it the beneiitR

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

S. 511

[Wilcox vs. Jackson.]
and privileges provided by the act of 1830, which it revives. we must look to this last act in order to ascertain what are those bonefits and privileges, or, in other words, what is the character of the,
pre-emption right thus claimed, and on What lands the claim is allowed to operate. It authorizes every settler or occupant of the public lands, under the circumstances therein stated, to enter with the Register of the land office in which the land lies, by leal sub-
divisions, a quantity of land not exceeding a quarter section subject -to the f61lowing limitations and restrictions :---" That no entry or sale of any land shall be made under the provisions of the act, which shall have been reserved for the use of the United States, or
either of theT several states, or which is reserved from sale by act of Congress, or by order of the Presideit, or which may have been appropriated for any purpose whatsoever." -
Before we proceed to, inquire whether the land in question falls within the scope of any one of these prohibitions, it is necessary to examine, a preliminary objection which was urged at the bar, which, ifsustainable. would render that inquiry wholly unavailing. It is this-that the acts of Congress have given to the Registers and Receivers of the. land Offices the power of deciding upon claims to the right ofpre-emption-that upon these questions they act judicially-that no appeal having been given from their decision, it follows as a consequence that it is conclusive and irreversible. This proposition is true in-relation to every tribunal acting judicially, whilst acting within the sphere of their jurisdiction, where no appellate tribunal is created;
and even when there is such an appellate power, the- judgment is conclusive when it only comes collaterally into question, so long as it is unreversed. But directly the reverse of this is true in relation to the judgment of any Court acting beyond the pale of its authority.
The principle upon this subject is .concisely and accurately stated by this Court in the case of Elliott, et al. vs. Peirsol et al., 1 P6ters, 340, in these words: "where a Court has jurisdiction, it has a right
todecide every question which occurs in the cause; and whether its decision be correct or otherwise, its judgment, until reversed is regarded as binding in every other Cburt. But if it act without authority, its judgments and orders are regarded as nullities. They are not voidable, but simply void." Now to apply this.-. Even assuming that the decision of the Register and Receiver, in the,absence of fraudswould be conclusive as to the facts of the applicant then
being in possession, and his cultivation during the preceding year, because these questions are directly submitted to them; yet if they undertake to grant pre-emptions in land in which the law declares they shall not be granted, then they are acting upon a subject mat-' ter clearly not within their jurisdiction ; as much so as if a, Court, whose jurisdiction was declared not to extend beyond a given spm,
should attempt to take cognizance of a case beyond thatsum. We now return to the inquiry whether thp land in question falls with-
in any of the prohibitions contained in the act of Congress. Amongst
others, lands, which may have'been appropriated for any purposek

,SUPREME COURT.
[Wilcox vs. Jackson.]
whatsoever, are exempt from liability to the right of pre-emption. Now, that the land in question has been appropriated in point of fact there can be no doubt, for the case agreed states that it has been used from the year 1804 until and after the institution of this suit, as well for the purpose of a military post as for that of all Indian agency, with some occasional interruption. Now this is appropriation, for that is nothing more nor less than setting apart the thing for some particular use. But it is said that this appropriation must be made by authority of law. We think that the appropriation in this case, was made by authority of law. As far back as the year 1798, see act of May 3d of that year, vol. iii. Laws U. S. 46, an appropriationwas made for the purpose, amongst other things, of enabling the Presiderit of the United States to erect fortifications in such place or places as the public safety should, in his opinion, require. Bly the act of 21st of April, 1806, vol. iv. Laws U. S., 64, the President, was authorized to establish trading houses at such posts and places, on the frontiers or in the Indian country
on either or both Sides of the Mississippi river, as he should judge most convenient for, carrying on trade with- the Indians. And. by act of June 14, 1809, Jae was authorized io erect 'such fortifications as might, in "his opinion, bo necessary for the protection of the northern and western frontiers. We thus see that tife. establishing trading houses with the Indian tribes, and the erection of fortifications in the west, are purposes authorized by law; and that.lthey were to be established and erected by the President. But the place in question is one at which a trading house has been established, and a fortificatiori or military post erected. It would not be doubted, we suppose, by any one, that if Congress had by law directed the -trading house to be established and the military post erected 'at Fort Dearborn, by name; that this would have been by authority-of law. But instead of designating the place themselves, they left it to the discretion of the President, which is precisely the-same thing in effect. Here then is an appropriation, not only for one but for two purposes, of the same place, by authority of law. But there has been a third appropriation in this case by authority of law. Congress, by law, authorized the erection of a lighthouse at the mouth of Chicago
river, which is within the limits of the land in question, and appropriated $5000 for its erection; and the case agreed states that the lighthouse was built on part of the land in dispute before the 1st of May, 1834. We think, then, that dhere has been an appropriation, not only in ict but in law.
There would be difficulty in deciding to what extent this ap-
propriation reached, if there were not materials furnished- by the record which reduce it to precision. At the request of the Secretary of War, the Commissioner of the General Land Office in, 1824, coloured and marked upon the map this very section, as reserved for military purposes, and directed it to be reserved from sale for those purposes. We consider this, too, as having been
doe .by authority of law.; for amongst other provisions in the

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

513

[Wilcox)vs. Jackson.]
act of 1830, all lands are exempted from pre-emption which are reserved from sale by order of the President. Now although the immediate agent in requiring this reservation was the Secretary of War, yet we feel justified in presuming that it was done by the approbafion and direction of the President. The President speaks and acts through the heads of the several departments ,in relation to subjects which appertain to their respective duties. Both military posts and Indian affairs, including agencies, belong to the war department. Hence we consider the act of the war department in requiring this reservation to be made, as being in legal
contemplation the act of the President; and, consequently, that the reservation thus made was in legal effect, a reservation made by order of the President, within the terms of the act of Congress.
It is argued, however, that by the 4th section of the act of the 26th of June, 1834, the President was authorized to cause to be sold all the lands in the north-east district of the state of Illinois, embracing the land in question with certain reservations only, within which it is contended that the land in question is not- included-that a proclamation was issued directing various lands in said district to be sold, and that amongst the lands so proclaimed was the land in question, unless excepted by the following exception :_" the kinds reserved by law for the use of schools, and for other purposes, will be excluded from the sale."-And that an extended plat was forwarded from the general land oflice, marking and colouring certain lands tobe reserved from sale; but that the land in question was not so marked or coloured, to be reserved from sale.
In the first place we remark, that we do not consider this law as applying at all to the case. That has relation to a sale of lands in the manner prescribed by general law at public auction, whilst the claim to the and m question is founded on a right of pre-emption,
and governed by different laws. The very act of 19th of June, 1834,
under which this claim is rhade, was passed but one week before
the one of which we are now speaking; thus showing that the provisions of the one were 'not intended to have any effect upon the
subject matter on which the other operated. But we go further, and say, that whensoever a tract of land shall have once been legally appropriated to any purpose, from that moment the land thus appro-
priated becomes severed from the mass of public lands; and that no subsequent law, or proclamation, or sale, would be construed to
embrace it, or to operate upon 'it; although no reservation were
made of it. The very act which we are now considering will furnish an illus-
tration of this proposition. -Thus, in that act there is expressly re-
served from sale the land, within that district which had been
granted to individuals, and the state of Illinois. Now suppose this reservation had not been made, either in the law, proclamation, or sale, could it b'e conceived that if that land were sold at auction, the
title of the purchaser would. avail against the individuals or state to
whom the previous grants had been made? If, as we suppose, this
65

514

SUPREME COURT.

(Wilcox vs. Jackson.]
question must be answered in the negative, the same principle will
apply to any land which by authority of law shall have been severed from the general mass. Let us for a moment consider to what results a contrary doctrine would lead; and the case before us will furnish a ver,' striking illustration of them. If the party claiming the pre-emption right here were to succeed, together with the land, he
wotld recover all the improvements made upon it at the public expense. The lighthouse and improvements alone, it seems by reference to the act making an appropriation for its erection, cost $5000. How much was expended in the buildings at the military post we
have no means of knowing, but probably a considerably larger sum. Thus, besides the land purchased, for the sum of $94 61, he would
recover property, and that too property necessary for. the military defence. and commerce, of the country, which cost the United, States many thousands of dollars; and if there had been expended upon it as
many-hundreds pf thousands, as there have been thousands, the same
result would follow. A principle leiading to such startling consequences cannot in -our..opinion be a sound one. The right of preemptibn was a bounty extended to settlers and occuipants of the public domain. We cannot suppose that this bounty was designed to be extended at the sacrifice of public establishments, or great public interests. When the act of 1830 was passed, Congress must have known of the authority which had by former laws been given to
the President, to establish trading houses and military posts. They must have known, for it was part of-the public history of the country, that a military post had been long established at Fort Dear-
born; and' was at the date of the law 'occupied as such by the troops of the United States. They seem therefore to have been studious to use language of so comprehensive a kind, in the exemption from the right of pre-emption, as to embrace every description of reservation and appropriation which had been previously made for public purposes. We have already said, that we think the -language in which these exemptions are expressed is comprehensive enough to embrace the present case, so as to place it beyond the reach of the
right of pre-emption. It is further argued 'that this case is embraced by the second sec-
tion of the6act of July 2d, 1836, entitled, "An act to confirm the sales of public lands in certain cases." That section is in these words: "And be it further enacted,.that in all cases where an entry has been made under the pre-emption laws pursuant to instructions sent to the Register and ReceiNer from the treasury department, and
the proceedings have been in aliother respects fair and regular, such entries and sales are hereby confirmed; and patents shall be issued thereon, as in other cases." Now the first remark we make upon this act is, that when the previous law had totally exempted certain lands from the right of pre-emption, if there were nothing else in the case, it would be a very strong, not to say strained corstruction of this section, to hold that Congress meant thereby by implication to repeal the former law in so importar~t a provision. .But we are

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

515

[Wilcox vs. Jackson.]
satisfied that there were other cases to which it was intended to apply; where the instructions from the treasury department assumed, to say the least, a doubtful if not an illegal power. As, for example, the instructions of the 7th February and 17th October, 1831, by which entries were allowed to be made and certificates issued under the act 1830; which was only in force for one year from its passage; after, the expiration of the year, where the persons claiming had been deprived of the benefits of the act of 1830, by reason of the
township plats not having been furnished by the surveyor-general, and where, nevertheless, proofs of the claim had been filed before the expiration of the year. To this case, and others similarly situated, the law may well apply; because without affecting the general principles of the system, they present instances in which innocent parties would have been injured by the acts or omissions of public officers, or by some other cause, as to which no fault was imputable to them. But, further,.the entries to be saved by this section must have been pursuant to instructions sent to the Register and Receiver from the treasury department. Now it not only is not shown that any instructions were so sent which would authorize this pre-emption; but, on the contrary, the agreed case shows that the Register and Receiver at the Palestine land office rejected it in 1831; that the Commissioner of the General Land Office, in the same year, in answer to a letter of Beaubei-n complaining of that rejection, informed him that the land was reserved for military purposes; and that in July, 1834, after the passage of the pre-emption. law of that year, he applied to the Register and Receiver of the Danville land office to prove a pre-emption to the same land, who also rejected j/he application; and Again informed him that it was reserved for military purposes. Finally, by the express terms of this section, entries under the pre-emption laws, to be protected by it must be in all other respects fair and regular. Now as the patents were to be issued by the Coiiimissioner of the General Land Office, and as thby were only to issue where the proceedings were fair and regular, that officer must' of necessity be the judge of that fairness and regularity. But as he refused to issue the patent, we know not
whether he considered the proceedings in this case as being fair and regular. If they were not so, then they were not confirmed. We think.therefore that the claimant can derive no aid from the act of
1836. Our conclusion then, in relation to the first question is, that under the facts of the case, and the law applying to them; Beaubqan acquired no title whatsoever to the land in question.
This being the case,.it would not be absolutely necessary to dpcide the second question; but as it arises in the case, and has been fully argued, we will bestow upon it a very brief examination. That question is, whether if he had acquired any title at all, it was such an one as would enable the lessor of the plaintiff below to recover in this' action ? Wilcox, the defendant in the original suit, did not, claim, or pretend to set up any right or title in himself He held possession as an officer of the United States; and for them, and under

516

SUPREME COURT.

[Wilcox vs. Jackson.]
their orders. This being the state of the case) the question which we are now examining is really this, whether a person holding a register's certificate without a patent, can recover the land as against
the United States. We think it unnecessary to go into a detailed examination of
the various acts of Congress, for the purpose of showing what we consider to be true in regard to the public: lands, that with the exception of a few cases, nothing but a patent passes a perfect and consummate title. One class of cases to be excepted is where an act of Congress grants land, as is sometimes done in words of present grant. But we need not go into these exceptions. The general rule is what we have stated ; and it applies as well to pre-emptions as to other purchases of public lands. Thus it will appear by the very act of 1836 which we have been examining, that patents are to issue in pre-emption cases. This then being the case, and this suit having been in effect against the United States; to hold that the party could recover as against them, would be to
hold that a party having an inchoate and imperfect title could recover against the one in whom resided the perfect title. This, as a
general proposition of law, unquestionably, cannot be maintained. But it is argued that a law of the state of Illinois declares that a
Register's certificate shall be deemed evidence of title in the party sufficient to recover possession of the lands described in such certificate, in any action of ejectment or forcible entry and detainer; but the same law declares that tjis shall be the case, unless a better legal and paramount title be exhibited for the ,same. Upon the construction of the law itself it would not apply to this case, because the United States not having parted with a consummate legal title by issuing a patent, a better legal and paramount title was exhibited for the same. Where that was not the case* but the suit should be
against any person not having the right of possession, or against a trespasser, these are the kinds of cases in which it would seem to us, by the proper construction of the act, that it was intended to' operate.
A much stronger ground however has been taken in argument. It has been said that the state of Illinois has a right to declare by law that a title derived from the United States, which by their laws is only ineh'ate and imperfect, shall be deemed as perfect a title as if a patent had issued from the United States; and'the construction
of her own Courts seems to give that effect to her statute. That state has an-undoubted right to legislate as she may please in regard to the rem'edies to be prosecuted in her Courts, and to regulate the disposition of the property. of her citizens by descent, devise, or alienation. But the property in question was a part of the public domain of the United States: Congress is invested by the Constitution with the power of disposing of, and making needful rules and regulations respecting.it. Congress has declared, as we have said, by its" legislation, that in such a case as this a patent is necessary to complete the title. But in this case no patent has issued; and therefore by the laws of the United States the'legal title has not passed,

JANUARY TERM, 1839.

517

[Wilcox vs. Jackson.)
but remains in the United States. Now if it were competent for a state legislature to say, that notwithstanding this, the title shall be deemed to have passed; the effect of this would be, not that Congress had the power of disposing of the public lands, and prescribing the rules and regulations concerning that disposition, but that Illinois possessed it. That would be to make the laws of Illinois paramount to those of Congress, in relation to a subject confided by the Consti-
tution to Congress only. And the practical result in this very case would be, by force of state legislation to take from the United States their own land, against their own will, and against their own laws. We hold the true principle to be this, that'whenever thp question in any Court, state or federal, is, whether a title to land which had once been the property of the United States has passed, that question must be resolved by the laws of the United States; but that whenever, according to those laws, the title shall have passed, then that property, like all other property in the state, is subject to state legislation; so far as that legislation is consistent with the admission that the title passed and vested according to the laws of the United States.
It was urged at the bar, that the case of Ross vs. Doe on the de-
mise of Barland and others, in this Court, 1 Peters, 656, sustained the ground taken as to the obligatory force of the law of Illinois. A very brief examination of that -case will show that it falls greatly short of what it is supposed to decide. That was a conflict-between two patentees, both claiming under the'United States. The elder
patent was founded upon a certificate of the Register of the land office west of Pearl river. The junior patent was issued on a certificate of the board of Commissioners west of Pearl river. The Court below instructed the jury that the junior patent of the plaintiff in ejectment, emanating upon a certificate for a donation claim prior in date to the patent under which the defendan t claimed, would overreach the elder patent of the defendant, and in point of law, prevail against it. It appears, that by the mode of proceeding in Mississippi, they look beyond the grant. This Court, remarking upon that, said, that in so doing, and in applying their peculiar mode of proceeding to titles derived through and under the laws of the United States, they Violated no provisions of any statute of the
United States. But the Court then proceeded to say: "The important question
in the case is this; in applying its own principles and practice in the action of ejectment, as might well be done in this -case, has the Court misconstrued the act of Congress in deciding that the grant
of the plaintiff, emanating upon the donation certificate of the oard of Commissioners west of Pearl river set forth in the record, would overreach the defendant's grant, and should prevail against
it in the action of ejectment." They then proceed to examine the various acts of Congress upon the subject; declare their opinion to be, that the determination of the Commissioners was final; and come to the conclusion, that the Supreme Court of Mississippi -had
VOL. XIII.-2 X

.518

SUPREME COURT.

[Wilcox vs. Jackson.]
not misconstrued the acts of Congress, from which the rights of the parties were derived; and, consequently, affirmed the judgment. Thus it will appear, that in that case, whilst the form and mode of proceeding by the law of Mississippi were recognised, yet the rights of the parties depended exclusively upon the construction of acts of Congress; and that this Court thought that the Court below had construed them correctly. This case, then, affords no countenance whatever to the argument founded upon it.
Upon the whole, we are of opinion that the judgment of the Supreme Court of Illinois is erroneous : it is. therefore, reversed, with costs.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record
from the Supreme Court of the state of Illinois, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is ordered and adjudged by
this Court, that the judgment of the said Supreme Court in this cause be, and tho same is hereby," reversed and anni liled,. with costs; and that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said Supreme Court, that such further proceedings may be had
therein, in conformity to the opinion and judgment of this Court, and as to law and justice may appertain.

