SUPREME COURT..
RICHARD RAYNAL KEENE, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, VS. WARREN WHITAKER, LAURA WADE, GEORGE DOUGHERTY, FRANCIS MARKS, AND C. CUNNINGHAM; DEFENDANTS IN ERROR.
The case of Foster and Elam vs. Neilson, 2 Peters, 254; and Garcia vs. Lee, ,12 Peters, 511, which cases decide against the validity of the grants made by the Spanish'government, in the territory lying west of the Perdido river, and east of the Mississippi river, after the Louisiana treaty of 1803, cited and affirmed.
ON appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for East Louisiana.
On the 26th November, 1833, the appellant filed a petition in the Circuit Court of the Eastern District of Louisiana, claiming under conveyances to him from Daniel Clarke, deceased, a tract of land, of nine hundred and forty-seven acres, part of thirty thousand arpents, which in 1804 had been granted by the Spanish intendant, Don Juan Ventura Morales, in the name of the Spanish government, to Don Gilberty Andry, who was the vendor of part of the tract to Daniel Clarke. This tract was situated in that part of what was alleged to be a part of Louisiana, by the United States, between the river Perdido, and the river Mississippi, they claiming the same under the cession of France to the United States of Louisiana. The United States had asserted that this country had been trans ferred to France by Spain, by the treaty of St. Ildefonso, of 1800, and under the treaty with France belonged to the United States. Under this claim the United States bad caused sales of the land to be made; and the defendants in error had become the purchasers under the United States, of the tract which the petitioner asserted to belong to him under the grant to Don Gilberty Andry.
The petition prays proceedings against those who had purchased from the United States; and all just and legal aid in the premises.
The defendants, in their answer to the petition, allege, that subsequently to the treaty of St. Ildefonso, of 1800,. the Span;Sh government never had 'any right or title to the property claimed. By that treaty, the whole of the territory lying between Mississippi and the Perdido, including the land claimed by the plaintiff, belonged, under the treaty with France, to 'the United States. The property of the defendants is held under titles front the United States.
The Circuit Court made a decree against the plaintiff, who, thereupon, prosecuted this writ of error.
The case was submitted to the Court by Messrs. Key and Jones, the counsel for the plaintiff in error, without argument.

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

171

[Keene vs. Whitaker et al.]
Mr. Chief Justice TANEY delivered the opinion of the Court. This case comes up'by writ of error from the Circuit Court of the United States, for the District of East Louisiana. It has been submitted by the counsel for theplaintiff in error, without argument; and upon looking at the case as agreed on and stated by the parties in the Court below, it is evident that the principles laid down in the case of Foster and Elam vs. Neilson, 2 Peters, 254; and Garcia vs. Lee, 12 Peters, 511, must decide this case against the plaintiff. The judgment of the Circuit Court must, therefore, be affirmed.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record .from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this Court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court, in this cause be, and the same -is
hereby, affirmed, with costs.

SUPREME COURT.
A imRosE WALDEN AND OTHERS, APPELLANTS, V8. HENRY I. BOD-
LEY AND OTHERS, APPELLEES.
There are cases in Chancery where amendments are permitted at any stage or progress, of the cause, as where an essential party has been omitted: but amendments which change the character of the bill or answer, so as to make, substanially, a new case, should rarely if ever be admitted, after the cause has been set for hearing; much less after it has been heard.
A decree dismissing a bill in Chancery, generally, may be set up in bar of a second bill: but where the bill has been dismissed on the ground that the Court had no jurisdiction, which shows that the merits were not heard, the dismission is not a bar to a second bill.
Where parties by agreement dispense with the usual formalities, and no injustice results from the mode'adopted, the Court should not on slight ground set aside the proceeding.
It is.a general rule that a tenant shall not dispute his landlord's title; but this rule is subject to certain exceptions. If a tenant disclaims the tenure, and claims the fee in his own right, of which Ith'e landlord has notice, the relation of landlord and tenant is put an end to, and the tenant becomes a trespasser; and he is liable to be turned out of possession, though the period of his lease is not expired.
The same relation as that of landlord and tenant subsists between a trustee and a cestui que trust, as it regards the title.
A Court of Equity cannot act on a case which is not fairly made out by the bill and nswer. But it is not necessary that these should point out, in detail, the means which the Court shall adopt in giving relief, Under the general prayer for relief, the Court will often extend relief beyond the specific prayer, and not exactly in accordance with it. Where a case for relief is made out in the bill, it may be giveA by imposing conditions n the complainant, consistently with the rules of equity, in the discretion of the Court.
ON appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Kentucky..
This case was submitted to the Court by Mr. Underwood, for the appellatits; and by Mr. Crittenden, for the appellees, on the argument in the preceding case of Walden vs. Craig's heirs et al.
Mr. Justice M'LEAN delivered the opinion of the Court. This is an appeal from the decree of the Circuit Court of Kentucky. Bodley and others filed their bill in the Circuit Court, representing, that on the 17th of October, 1783, an entry was made in the name of Henry Crutcher and John Tibbs for ten thousand acres of land, as follows: Henry' Crutcher and John Tibbs enter ten thousand acres of land on a treasury warrant; No. 18,747, as tenants in common, beginning at a.large black ash and small buckeye, marked thus, J. T., on the side of a buffaloe road, leading from the lower Blue Lick, a N. E. cours, and about seven miles N. E. and by E. from the said Blue Licks, to a corner of an entry of twenty thousand acres, made in the name of John Tibbs, John Clark, John Sharp, David Blanchard, and Alexander M'Lean, running thence with the said Tibbs & Co.'s line due eqst, one thousand six hundred, poles; thence south, one thousand poles; thencewest, one thousand six hundred poles; thence north, one thousand poles, to the beginning, for quantity.

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

157

(Walden et al. vs. Bodley et al.]
That in 1790, a legal survey having been executed, a patent was obtained in the names of Robert Rutherford, assignee of Henry Crutcher and Willoughby, Tibbs, heir at law of John Tibbs, de-' ceased, in 1790. That by several mesne conveyances the above traqt was vested in the complainants.
The complainants represent that Ambrose Walden, the defendant, on the 22d May, 1780, entered one thousand three hundred thirtythree and one-thir4 acres of land on the east, side of Jacob'Johnson's settlement and pre-emption, on the 'waters of Johnson's Fork, a branch of Licking, to include two cabins on the north side of said Fork5 built by- Simon Butler.; and to run eastwardly for quantity. This entry was surveyed the 29th Novemb6r, 1785, after which a
patent was obtained. Tho bill charges that this entry and survey.are void for want of
certainty, &c. And that Lewis Craig purchased of Simon Kenton, who wasthe locator, and, claimied one-third of the 'land entered for
his services; which, being laid off, Craig sold several small tracts by metes and bounds, to Jonathan Rose, William Allen, and Charles
Rector. That Rose sold a part of his purchase, to Abraham Shockey;
and Allen a'part of his, to Amzey Chapin. And that Walden, alleging he had satisfied the claim of Kenton
as locator, commenced two actiois of ejectment in the District Court of the United States for Kentucky, and obtained judgments against the purchasers under Craig. That Shockey and Chapin, knowing the title they held under Craig by purchase from Allen and Rose, was inferior to that of the complainants, became their tenants. That on the 30th October, 1801, the complainants entered into-an agreement with Lewis Craig, with the assent of Rose and Rector, for the land they had purchased, and deeds were made to them by the comi plainants. Shortly after this, Allen sold his land to Abraham Drake, to whom the complainants made a deed.
That the complainants, Bodley arid Pogue, purchased Shockey's
claim to the land he had bought of Rose, and on which he had erected a valuable mill. And tlat they still held the legal title -to that, and the land purchased by Chapin of Allen, and to a consider-
able part of the interference of their claim with Walden's. That twelve years after Walden obtained his judgments he issued
writs of habere facias, which were set aside on the ground that the demises had expired. That in 1824, the demises were extended,
without notice to the tenants, fifty years. That Rose, Rector, and Allen, and those claiming under them, had possession of their respective tracts of land by metes and bounds, as purchased from Craig, and held under the title of Bodley and Company, for more than thirty years, adversely to Walden. That Shockey and Chapin, and those holding under them, have had possession for 'near the
same length of time, &c. The complainants state that Walden never has had possession of
any part of, his survey, except two hundred acres conveyed by him to Robert Pogue, by proper metes and bounds; about one hundred
VOL. XIV.-O

158

SUPREME COURT.

tWalden et al. vs. Bodley et al.]
and fifty acres of which was held by Carter: and that the complainants have made valuable and lasting improvements on the land, for which they require pay, if the title should be found in Walden.
And they pray an injunction, &c.; which, was granted. The complainants afterwards amended their bill by stating that Thomas Bodley and Robert Pogue, at the Fleming Circuit Court of Kentucky, in March, 1825, in a suit in Chancery against the unknown heirs of John Walden, deceased, and others, obtained a decree for the whole of Ambrose Walden's survey, except .'the one hundred and fifty acres owned by Carter; and except so much of
John Walden's elder suf vey of one thousand six hundred sixty-six and two-thirds acres, as was then in the possession of Ann Thrailhild, and the heirs of Jeremiah Proctor, deceased.
And the complainants further state that the tract of one tbousand three hundred and thirty-three and one-third acres of Walden, interfered with an entry of twenty thousand 6cres, made the 31st July, 178.3, in the names of John Tibbs, John Clark, John Sharpe, David Blanchard, and Alexander M'Lean, with the proper surveyor; sixteen thousand acres of which were surveyed and patented in the name of the complainant Bodley; and this entry is charged to be
paramount to that mnder which Walden claims. Walden, in his aifswer, states, that he obtained judgments against
the complainants, who are tenants on the land, by virtue of his legal
and better title; and that he has been a long time delayed by the complainants from obtaining the possession of the land recovered.
He admits that some improvements have been made on the land; but alleges that waste has been committed, and that rents and profits would more than compensate for the improvements. He states that he brought his suits in ejectment shortly after the adverse possession was taken; and ,he relies upon the dismissal pf certain injunction bills, filed by the complainants,'as a bar to the present suit.
He knows nothing of the entries, surveys, and patents, set forth in the bill, or of the sales and conveyances stated; and he requires proof of the same. He insists on the validity of his own entry; and denies that Kenton, as locator, was entitled to any part of it, as he was paid in full for his services in locating the land. He denies all fraud ; and prays the benefit of his judgments at law.
By agreement of the parties-in the Circuit Court, "the record and proceedings of the Fleming Circisit Court-were filed, and that cause was entered upon the docket, for further proceedings in this Court. And that in the suits for trial, Thomas Bodley and others against Ambrose Walden, and Clark's heirs against Ambrose Walden, and also, the one by Duncan's heirs against Walden, should be entered on the docket, and stand for hearing at the ensuing term, and be decided at the same time ; they all being connected with the present controversy."
Bddley and Pogue having died, at November term, 1833, by consent, the suit was revived in the names of their heirs and representa-
tives; and a guardian ad litem was appointed to certain infant heirs.

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

159

[Walden et it. vs. Bodley et ,al.
A motion is made by tie defendants in the appeal, to dismiss it, on the ground "that it is an appeal from several distinct decrees, in several separate suits, which are attempted to be united in this appeal ; when there is no such record filed as is described in the appeal and citation thereon."
In the decree of the Circuit Court, it is stated, that by consent of the parties, the suits above named were to be heard at the same time; and the*pape~s and pleadings filed in one case should be considered and have full effect in all the cases, to enable the Court to decide the controversies in all the cases on their respective merits." And it was expressly agreed, "that the bill, answers, and orders, the entries, surveys, and patents, in the case of, Bodley and Pogue, should be sufficient, without recording the whole suits and papers in each of the cases; andthat in thdi event of either party appealing, the clerk may copy all the papers in all the records; and that when they are so copied and certified, the transcript shall have the same effect as if there were full and separate records made out in each and all of the cases: and this agreement was declared to be entered into, with the leave of the Court, to avoid expenses. in the cases, as they all involve the same questions."
These agreements cover the apparent irregularities in the record, as it regards the decrees and the proceedings in the different cases stated ; and' obviate the objections on which the motion to dismiss is founded.
And a further motion is made, to dismiss the appeal as to all the parties named in the citation, who are not parties to the decrees.
The names in the citation are found on the record, as parties to one or more of the several decrees entered. It is very clear, that the parties to the decrees only can be made responsible for the costs of this appeal.
Before the decrees were pronounced in the Circuit Court, by Consent of the parties, it was entered upon the record, that every agreement or admission on file, for the preparation of any one of the cases for hearing, shall extend to all of them. And it was admitted, that the complainants were respectively invested with the titles under the entries of Peter Johnson and Tibbs, and Clark and Tibbs, and Crutcher, as alleged in their several bills. And it was agreed, "that the Court should give a final decree, without further ascertainment of the boundaries or positions of the particular tracts or settlements of each claimant or person interested; and that the principles thereof shall be carried into effect as fully as if each tenement and each proprietor were specially named and identified."
The entries involved in this proceeding were brought before the Conr in the case of Bodley et al. vs. Taylor, 5 Cranch, 191; and in their decision, in regard to Walden's entry as well as the others, the Circuit Court followed the decision of this Court.
It is true, the validity of these entries is brought before the Court now by different parties; and the former decision having been made between other parties, and on a state of facts somewhat different

160

SUPREME COURT.

[Watden et a!. vs. Bodley et al.]
from that now before us, does not settle, conclusively, thie question in this case. But inlooking into the evidence, it is found that the controlling call of Walden's entry is proved by Kenton and others; and that. the effect of this evidence is not shaken by the testimony on the other sfde. The calls of the entries are specific and notorious.
I deed, there seems to be little or no contest between the parties on this ground; nor as to the survey of Walden's entry, as directed by t.heTChiisrceunittrCyobueritn. g older and paramount to the other conflicting en-
tries, it was-held to be good: 'but as the subsequent entries were made before Walden's entry was surveyed, it was, very properly, directed to be surveyed strictly in conformity to its calls. *This mode of survey reduced the claim of Walden several hun-
dred acres below the calls of his original survey. And for the land lying outside of this last survey, and within the original one, the Circuit Court decreed that he should relinquish the possession, and release to the complainants, respectively, by metes and bounds stated, the tracts covered by their titles.
Commissioners were appointed to ascertain the value of the improvements made by the tenants on the lands recovered by Walden; the value of the rents and profits; the value of the land without the improvements; and 'whether waste had been committed, &c. A, report was made by the commissioners, which, on motion of the complainants, was set aside, and another order to the commissioners was made. And afterwards, no steps having been taken by the-
complainants to execute the order, the injunction was dissolved,
without prejudice to the complainants, for any claims they might have for improvements; but the Court refused to decree releases from the tenants to Walden of their claim; and also to order a writ to the marshal, directing him to put Walden in possession of the
land recovered. The Circuit Court, it appears, after the final decree was entered,
set it aside at the same term, and entered decrees'in each of the cases. After the original decree, was set aside, and before separate decrees were entered, the defendant moved the Court for leave to fainledsaelvsoer.aalcaronssswbeirlsl,towthheichcasthees placed on the dQcket by agreement,
Court refused. And we think that this application to change the pleadings aiter the hearing, and under the circumstances of this case, was very-properly rejected.
There are cases where amendments are permitted' at any stage of the progress of the case; as where an essential party has been omitted ; but amendments which change the character of the bill or answer, so as to make substantially a new case, should rarely, if ever, be admitted after the cause hag been set for hearing, much less after
it has been heard. On the part of the appellant, it is contended, that the first and
second inijunction bills which were filed in this case, before the present one, and which were dismissed, constitute a bar to the relief
sought by the present bill.

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

161

[Walden et al. vs. Bodle et al-]

The 'contr6versy in this case, by various causes,.has been protracted more than forty years. The judgments in the ejectment cases were obtained in 1800. In the same year, and shortly after the judgments were rendered, Bodley, 1ughe, and others, obtained an injunction. This bill was dismissed, by the Court, in 1809, for

want of jurisdiction. In 1811, another bill was filed, on, which an injunction was
allowed; and which, at Mayterm, 1812, was dissolved. The bill was afterwards dismissed, by the complainants, at rules, in the clerk's office. On the dissolution of this injunction,-writs of habere facias possessionem were 'issued for the first time; and these, after being stayed by order of the judge, were quashed at July term, 18,13,

on the ground that the demises had: expired. The demises were laid, commencing in 1789, f6r ten years;. so
'that they had expired before the judgments were obtained. In 1817, a motion was made toextend the demises, which was,
overruled. But the question was brought before thisCourt, which decided they had no jurisdiction of the case, but gave an opinion favourable to the amendment; which induced the Circuit Court, in 1824, to extend the demises to fifty years.
In the year 1825, the present bill was filed, on w'hich an injunction was issued to stay proceedings on the judgments, which was continued until the final decree of the Circuit 'Vourt.
As the first bill was dismissed for want of jurisdiction, and .the second by the complainants, at rules, in the clerk's office,'it is clear that neither can operate as a bar to the present bill. A decree dismissi.g a bill generally, may be set up in bar of a second bill, having the same object in view ; but the Court dismissed the first bill on the ground that they bad no jurisdiction, which shows that the case was not heard on its merits. And this also appears from the dismissal by the partyof the second billsin the clerk's office.
I also insisted, that the decrees of :the Circuit Court should be reversed, on the ground that there is an improper joinder of parties.
Were it not for the agreements on the record, the decrees entered in the diffeaent cases would be wholly irregular, and of course, unsustainable. Different interests and parties are united, and 'a decree is made in each case, which determines the matters of controversy in each. But the agreement of the parties spread upop the record, and that which is stated by the Court, and the fact of all the causes being brought to a hearing and submitted at the same time, afford the most satisfactory evidence of the assent of the parties, and the waiver of all objection to the irregularity of the proceeding. And we are inclined to this view, from the consideration, that Ify this mode of proaedure, the rights of the parties concerned could in no respect be prejudiced. They were as §usceptible of as distinct an investigation and decision, as if the pleadings had been fully made up in each case, and it had been heard separately.
Where parties by agreement dispense with the usual formalities in the progress of a cause ; and no injustice results from the mode

o2

21

SUPREME COURT;"
[Walden et a!. vs. Bodley et al.) adopted,.the Court should not, on slight ground, set'aside the proceeding.
It is contended, that as the complainants, or at least some of them, entered under the title of Walden, as purchasers from Craig, the principle of landlord and tenant applies; at least so far as to prevent the setting up of a title adverse to that undei which they entered.
Craig claimed a certain part of the entry of Walden, ,as purchaser under Kenton, the locator; and he sold to Some of the complaihants: but as his-title was not sustained, the purchasers under him become interested in the entries of Bodley and others, and Tceived conveyances from them.
It is a general rule, that a tenant; shall not dispute his landlord's title; but this rule is subject to certain exceptions. If a tenant disclaims the tenure, and claims the fee in his own right, of 'Which the landlord has notice, the relation of laildlord and tenant is put an. end to, and the tenant becomes a trespasser, and he is liable to be turned odt of the possession, though the period of his lease has not expired. 3 Peters, 47. The same relation as that of landlord and tenant subists between a trustee and the cestui que trust, as it regards the title. In the case of Botts vs. Shields' heirs, S Lit. 34, 35, the Court of Appeals decided that a purchaser of land, who enters into the possession of it under an executory contract, shall not set up another title. But a purchaser who has obtained a conveyance, holds adversely to the vendor, and may controvert his title. 4 Lit. P74.
It appears from Kenton's deposition, that he was paid in land warrants for making Walden's entry, and that he had not, in fact, a shadow of right to any part of this land, He assigned the contract with Walden to locate the land to Fox and Wood; and afterwards paid them in discharge of this contract, by a conveyance of land, located by the land warrants received from Walden; but the contract was not surrendeied nor cancelled. So that Craig, as purchaser, procured neither the equitable nor legal title to any part of the land in Walden's entry.
The claim of Craig appears to have been purchased by Bodley and others, who at the time claimed under Conflicting and adverse entries to that of Walden, with the assent of the first purchasers from Craig; and then deeds were executed to them.
The original purchasers from Craig, who afterwards received deeds from Bodley and others, ari deceased; and the lapse of time, and change of circumstances, have been so great, that we do not think the complainants, or any part of them, can be precluded on the ground of their purchase from Craig, from setting up a title adverse to that of Walden's. The persons who entered under Craig were in fact, trespassers; for they had no title which could protect heir possession, or shelter them from the consequences of wrongdoe. s, But on this point we go ito further than to say that such an entry, under the circumstances of this case, does not preclude

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

163

[Walden etal. vs. Bodley et al.1
he complainants from retying on the adversary titles set up in their bill. Whether any*other effect May result from this entry, as it regards any other right than the title asserted in the bill, we do not
decide. The counsel for the appellant contend, that the decree of the Cir-
cuit Court should be reversed, on the ground that, although Walden Was decreed to release his title to such parts of the land covered by his original-survey, and not included in the SUrvey of his entry under the order of'the Court, yet the tenants on the land to which Walden had the better title were not required to execute releases
of:their title to him. But we think there is no error in the decree in this respect. Walden had 'the elder legal title for the land included in his first
survey; it was therefore necessary to decree a conveyance or release from him to the tenants who established a paramount equitable title. 'But as.to the land within the corrected survey, he had the elder equitable as well as legal title ; it was therefore unnecessary to decree releases from the tenants, who, from facts before the Court, had neither the equitable nor-legal title.
There are other considerations which show the correctness of the decree in this respect.
The tenants in possession were not parties to the suit; and the Court did not know the nature or extent of their rigit. It was clear, that so far as their right was.made known to the Cqurt by the bill and answer, they had no title to release. Not being parties to the suit, it is ve, clear that the Court could not divest them of any interest which was not divested, as a legal consequence of the recovery of the ejectment suits.
Forty years have nearly elapsed since Walden recovered his judgmfents. Delays, perhaps without precedent in this country, have occurred in realizing the fruits of these judgments. To some extent, these delays may be attributed to thb expiration of the demises; but they are chiefly to be ascribed to the injunctions which have been granted. And now the demises, though extended fifty years from
1789, have again expired.
And it appears from the records in the ejectment cases, which are before us as evidence, that the decease of some of the defendants refiders a revivor of the judgments necessary before writs of posses-
sion can be issued. When the final decree was entered in the Circuit Court, the de-
mise had some years to run; and that Court, we think_.very preperly, refused to decree a surrender of the possession by the tenan.ts to Walden, but dissolved the injunction. This, under ordinary circumstances, would have given to Walden all the'relief he could ask; and, as was said by the counsel for the complainants, all the relief he prays for in his answer. But new and unexpected delays have occurred, until- the demises have expired; and the judgments have become dead by the decease of a part of the defendants.
And a question here arises, whether, on the affirmance of the de-

164

SUPREME COURT.,

[Walden et A,v8. Bodley et al.1
crees'of the Circuit Court, it is not the dutyof this Court, under the circumstances of this case, to direct the Circuit Court -to have the value of the :improvements estimated, the rents arid profits ascertained, and also any damage which may have been done to the land; and then, under an-order or decree that the tenants should relinquish the possessioO to Walden, to issue a writ of possession, in pursuance of,the practice of a Court of Chancery in Kentucky,
This in effect would be the same as the decree of the Circuit Court; and it would seem that it is the only effectual mode by which this
protracted controversy can be. terminated within, any reasonable time. The remedy at' law is obstructed by'the expiration of the demises, and the death of defendants in the judgments. And, if this Court have the case before them so as to send it down-with.the
above directions, We think they-are bound to do so. It would be a reproach to the administration of justice, if in this case the parties should be left by'the decision of this Vourt, apparently, as remote from a final determination of it as they were .forty years ago,.
IIt is true, the answer 'prays merely for a dissolution of the iipjunc-
tion, and that the bill' may be dismissed, But, the Court have, by the bill answer, and evidence, the equities of the parties before them; and having jurisdiction of the main points, they may settle the whole matter. A Court of Equity caimot act upon a case which
is not fairly made by the bill and answer. But it is not necessary that these should point out, in detail, the means which the Court.,shall adopt in giving relief. Under the general p-rayer for relief, the Court will often 'extend relief beyond the specific prayer, and not exactly in accordance'with it. Where a case for relief is made in the bill, it may be given by imposing conditions on the complainant consistently with the rules of.equity, in the discretion of,the Court.
In their decree, the Circuit Court required.Walden to surrender the possession of the land he was directed to irelease to the complainants; and the Court had, unquestionably, the power to decree a surrender of the possession to Walden, by the tenants of the land recovered by him.- This was not done, it is presumed, because it was thought the possession could be obtained under the judgments, on the dissoluton of the injunction. -But this, for the reasons stated, cannot "now be done. The remedy under the judgments, as they now stand, must be attended with additional expense and delay; and litiving the case before us, we think it is our duty to put -an end
to this controversy. Forty years ago Walden recovered the land by virtue of his legal
right; and we now decide in favour of his equity. He should, therefore, have the aid of the Court in attaining the object he 'has so long and so perseveringly pursued; and that without unnecessary
delay. Being satisfied with the 'decrees. wade in the cases stated by the
Circuit Court, -they are affirmed with the following modification: The cause will be sent down to the Circuit Court, with directions to take such steps- in regard' to the improvements, and to the puting

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

105

[Walden et al. vs. Bodley et al.)
of Wald .n or his, representative in possessioh of the premises recovered in the ejectment suits; as shall be conformable- to the decrees affirmed, and the principles of equity.
And as it-regards any title or claim which the tenants or any part of them may set up under the statute of limitations; as thq proper parties are not before us, nor 'the-necessary facts, we do not decide on such title or claim.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record
from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Kentucky, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this Court, that the decrees of the said Circuit Court in the cases stated by the said Circuit Court, be, and the same are hereby, affirmed; with the modification, that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said Circuit Court, with directions to that Court to take such further steps in regard to the improvements, and to the putting of Walden or his representativo in possession of the premises recovered in the ejectment suits, as shall be cQnformable to the decrees hereby af firmed, 'and to the principles of equity.

JANUARY TERM, 1840.
SAMUEL SPRIGG, APPELLANT, V THE BANK OF MOUNT PLEASANT,
APPELLEE.
The principles decided in the case of Sprigg vs. The Bank of Mount Pleasant, reported in 10 Peters, 257, examined and affirmed.
It is equally well settled in Courts of Equity, as well as in Courts of law, a4 a rule of evidence, that parol evidence is inadmissible to contradict, or substantially vary the legal import of a written agreement. And this is founded on the soundest principles of reason and policy, as well as authority. The ease of Hunt vs. Rousmanier, 8 Wheat. 211, cited.
Extending the time of payment of a bond, and a mere delay in enforcing it, will not discharge a surety; unless some agreement has been made injurious to the interest of the surety.
it is a sound and well settled principle of law, that sureties are not to be made liable beyond their contract; and any agreement with the creditor, which varies essentially the terms of the contract, without the assent of the surety, 'will discharge him from responsibility. But this principle cannot apply where the surety has by his own act exchanged his character of surety, for that of principal ; and then applies to a Court of Equity to reinstate him to his character of surety, in violation of his own express contract.
Courts of Equity will permit independent agreements which go to show a deed on its face absolute, was intended only as a mortgage, to be set up against the express terms of the deed, only on the ground of fraud. Considering it a fraudulent 'attempt in the mortgagee, contrary to his own express agreement, to convert a mortgage into an absolute deed. And it is equally a fraud on the part of a debtor, to attempt to convert his contract as principal, into that of a surety only.
ON appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Ohio.
This case was brought before the Court at January term, 1836, on a writ of error, prosecuted by the present appellant, seeking to revers e the judgment of the Circuit Court in an action instituted against him on a joint and several bond, under seal, made by him and others, to the Bank of Mount Pleasant, for the payment of a sum of money stated in the bond, to the bank, upon which .obligation the bank had loaned the sum of twenty-one hundred dollars, and had paid the same to Peter Yarnall and Company, one of the co-joint, and several obligors. The bank, after the loan, had continued to renew it for some years; the discount a-id interest on the same having been paid to the bank every sixty days; until, when Peter Yarnall and Company, having been insolvent, suit was brought on the obligation, against Samuel Sprigg, and a judgment obtained against him for the amount of the obligation.
The object of the writ of error was to have the judgment of the Circuit Court reversed, on the ground that the indulgence for the payment of the debt had been' given to Peter Yarnall and Company, without the privity or knowledge of the plaintiff in error; that he was only a surety in the obligation, which was, he alleged, known to the bank; and he was discharged from the liability
26

SUPREMfE COURT.
(Sprigg vs. The Bank qf Mount Pleasant]
for the debt to the bank. These allegations were denied by the Bank of Mount Pleasant.
The Court in that case held that all wcre principals in the obligation, and were equally and fully bound to the payment of the debt, and the continuation of the loan oh the bond, whether -the same was to one or all the obligors did not impair the claim of the bank to recover from all and each of them. The judgment of the Circuit Court of Ohio was affirmed. 10 Peters, 257.
In December 1838, the appellant in this case, Samuel Sprigg, filed a bill in the Circuit Court of Ohio, praying to have the judgment which had been affirmed in the Supreme Court, perpetually enjoined; on the ground that all the parties to the bond held by the bank, except Peter Yarnall and Company, were sureties for the loan made on the bond; and that the bank, on the maturity of the bond, having re-discounted it from time to time, at the request of Yarnall and Company, without the consent of the sureties, they, the complainant being one, were discharged.
The. Circuit Court, after the testimony of many witnesses had been taken, and a full hearing, refused the injunction ; and ordered the bill to be dismissed: and from this decree the complainant prosecuted this appeal.
The counsel for the appellant contended, that his case is made out as stated in the bill, and referred the Court to the depositions, and particularly to the letters of Yarnall to the bank, and the account of the bank with Yarnall and Company, taken from the bank books. He contended, that there is no estoppel in equity, especially as a rule of evidence, though there may be some cases in its popular sense, as a broad rule of right.
He contended, that though the sureties made themselves principdls to pay in sixty days, yet they are not principals without their consent, as long as the bank might choose to renew the loan.
He contended, that if he has made a case which would entitle him to relief, supposing the words "as principals" were not in the obligation, that then he is entitled to the relief he seeks, notwithstanding the insertion of these words, "as principals." He contended, that the existence of the words "as principals," in the bond, does not deprive him of that equity which the like conduct of the bank would give him in the common case of a joint and several obligation. The plaintiff also contended, that to so give time and enter into new agreembnts, without the surety's assent, is, though none may have been intended, a fraud 'upon him, notwithstanding the insertion of the words "as principals," when the bank knew that the discount was for the sole benefit of Yarnall and Company.
He further insisted, that the insertion of the words "as principals," when the bank knew the true relations of the parties, did not give the bank the right to renew the loan, to make hew agreements, or to give further day of payment at its pleasure, without the assent of the sureties. That if the defendants intended to gain such a

JANUARY TERM,1840.

-203

[Sprigg vs. The Bank of Mount Pleasant.]
power or advantage, fair dealing required them to ask or demand it from the sureties in a plain way, as by a direct insertion of such a power in the obligation, a practice which this same bank has long since adopted. And that the decree of the Court below ought to be reversed, and one entered, perpetuating the injunction, with costs.-

The counsel for the appellee contended, that the appellant, having acknowledged himself in the bond to be a principal debtor, is estopped from alleging that he is only a surety, as between him and the
appellee. Also, that the testimony excepted to is entirely inadmissible, so far as it is sought by the same'to contradict, &c., the bond; there being no allegation in the bill, or proof, that there was any fraud, surprise, or mistake, in the making or executing the same.
Also, that the appellant, upon his own showing, admitting all in his bill stated to be true, is not entitled to the relief prayed for. And that, as the appellant was accustomed to transact business with
the bank, and as the payment of the bond was deferred according to her usages, he is bound by those usages; such usages, under such circumstances, forming a part of the bond or contract.
Also, that the appellant has legally and equitably waived all his rights as surety, if he were such, by acknowledging himself to be a principal debtor, and so contracting with the bank; and has thereby at least authorized the bank to treat him according to the character voluntarily assumed by him, until such time as he might give notice
that he was but a surety, and require the bank to prosecute the collection of the bond. And that the Court ought not to permit the appellant to disclaim the character of a principal debtor, and thereby violate his contract and good faith, and thus perpetrate a fraud upon the appellee. And that the appellant has, failed, even if the testi-
mony is admissible, to sustain by proof the material allegations of his bill.
The ;.ppellee also contended, that the bank is entitled to a decree,
and that decree should include, if the injunction in this case should be dissolved, damages, according to the statutes of Ohio, which may be recognised as rules, &c., by this Court; and which require the Courts of that state, on the dissolution of an injunction to stay the collection of money, to render a decree for ten per cent. damages oil
the amount due, in favour of the defendants: and if an appeal should be taken to a superior Court, and the injunction there dis-
solved, that court is required to render a decree for fifteen per cent.
damages.

The case was submitted to the Court, on printed arguments, by Mr. Jacob and Mr. Webster, for the appellant; and by Mr. Alexan-
der., for the appellee.

Mr. Justice THoMpsoN delivered the opinion of the Court. This case comes up on appeal from the Circuit Court of the United
States for the'District of Ohio. The appellant filed his bill on the

SUPREME COURT.
[Sprigg vs. The Bank of Mount Pleasant.]
equity side of the Court for an injunction, to enjoin all further proceedings on a judgment recovered against him by the appellees, on the law §ide of the Court. The judgment was founded upon the same single bill now in question, and is as follows:

"$2,100: Know all men by these presents, we Peter Yarnall &

Co., Samuel Sprigg, Richard Simms, Alexander Mitchell, and Z.

Jacobs, as principals, are jointly and severalfy held and firmly bound

to the President, Directors, and Company of the Bank of Mount

Pleasant, for the use of the Bank of Mount Pleasant, in the just

and full sum of twenty-one hundred dollars, lawful money of the

United States, to the payment of which said sum, well and truly

to be made, to .the said President, Directors, and Company, for the

use aforesaid, within sixty days from the date hereof, we jointly and

severally bind ourselves, our heirs, &c., firmly by these presents,

signed with our hands and sealed with our seals, this twentieth day

of February, A.D. 1826.

PETER YARNALL & Co., [SEAL.]

SAM. SPRIGG,

[SEAL.]

RICHD. SIMMS,

[sEAL.]

ALEX. MITCHELL,

[SEAL.]

Z. JACOBS,

[SEAL.]"

"Signed and delivered in presence of

The judgment at law caihe before this Court on a writ of error,
and is reported in 10 Peters, 257. There were in that case various
pleas interposed, setting forth, substantially, that this bill was exe-
cuted by the obligors, to be discounted at the bank; aind that the defendant, Samuel Sprigg, was surety only for Peter Yarnall and
Company, who had executed the bill with him; and that the bank had, by renewing or continuing the discount, after the time first
limited for the paynent of the same, discharged the sureties. The pleadings in the suit were very voluminous, and terminated
in demurrers. The judgment of the Circuit Court was affirmed irt this Court; and the decision turned upon the point, that the defend
ant and all the other obligors had, by the express terms of the obli gation, bound themselves as principals, and were thereby estopped
from setting themselves up as sureties for Yarnall arid Company,
and claiming to be discharged by reason of the extended credit given to Yarnall and Company: and the present bill was filed on the equity side of the Court, and relying substantially on the same ground for relief against that judgment. The bill states that Peter Yarnall and Samuel Mitchell were doing business as partners, under the firm of Peter Yarnall and Company; and that the appellees were a banking qompany, doing business as a bank in the town of Mount Pleasant, That about the 20th of February, in the year 1826, the said Peter Yarnall Arnd Company borrowed from the bank two thousand one hundred dollars, and the single bill now in question was executed, and discounted at the bank in the usual course

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

205

[Sprigg vs. The Bank of Mount Pleasant.]
of business. That at th6 time of the loan, the bank knew that. Peter Yarnall and Company were the principals, and so received, and accepted,'and treated them; and that the other obligors were their sureties, notwithstanding the form of the obligation. That when the said obligation became due, to' wit, on the 21st of April, 1826, the bank, on receiving twenty-two dollars and forty cents, paid by Peter Yarnall and Company, for the discount for sixty days, without the knowledge or consent of the sureties, gave a further credit and time of payment for sixty days. That the bank, at each consecutive day of discount and payment of interest in advance, extended the payment of said bill in like manner, until September, or October, 1828; until after the failure and insolvency of the said Peter Yarnall and Company, which happened about that time.' That between the time the said obligatidn first became due, and the day when Yarnall and Company failed, the bank, or the said appellant and his co-sureties, could have collected and realized the money secured by the said obligation. And that if the bank had not renewed said loan, and given new and further time of payment, the obligation could have been collected from the said Peter Yatnall and Company. And the bill then charges, that the bank, contriving and intending to impose upon the appellant a loss which has occurred to him in consequence of a confidence and bargain made by themselves with the sa'd Yarnall and Company, and in fraud of the said 6ppellant and his co-sureties; if at the time of bestowing such confidence and making such bargains, it was intended to hold the appel.lant and his co-sureties liable, atd more particularly in fraud of the appellant and his co-sureties, if such confidence and contract with the said Yarnall and Company was, at the time of making the
same, a mere personal confidence and contract with. the said Yar-
nall and Company. The bill then sets out the proceedings at law, upon which a judgment has been recovered; and praying a perpetual injunction against further proceedings upon the judgment and
execution. The bank in their answer admit the discount of the single bill; and
allege that it was so discounted at the request of the obligors, and the proceeds paid to Alexander Mitchel, one of the obligors. They positively deny having any knowledge of any transaction in relation to said obligation, until it was presented to them for discount; or that they had any knowledge of the relation in which said obligors stood to one another; or that they knew that tlhe proceeds of the obligation was obtained for the exclusive benefit of the said Peter Yarnall and Company ; or that they were the principal 'debtors in said obligations. They deny that they received, accepted, and treated them as the principal debtors; and they aver that the appellant and all the other obligors were principal debtors, and'so contracted with and bound thenselves to the bank; as will appear by reference to the said'single bill. And they further aver, that it was on the faith Of this agree-
ment alone, that they discounted the obligation: and that, had not the bbligors contracted and boubid themselves as principals, let the rela-
VOL. XIV.-S

206

SUPREME COURT.

[Sprigg vs. The Bank of Mount Pleasant.]
tions among themselves be what it might, they would not have discounted the single bill: and that this agreement was made with full knowledge and fair understanding of the fact, and of the purport of the provision.in said obligation. And they aver, that the appellant, having bound himself as a principal debtor to the defendants, he -iesstopped from now alleging that he is only a surety. They deny that they ever ga.ve the said Yarnall and Company the further credit and time of payment as claimed in the bill or otherwise. They admit they used great lenity towards the obligors, ii 'not re-
quiring payment, prorbiptly, when due; but averthat they did so, because they had confidence in the honesty, integrity, and .solvency of the obligors, and considering them all as principal debtors. They admit the proceedings at law as set forth in the bill; and deny all manner of unlawful confederacy; and claim the same benefit of this defence, as though they had demurred to the bill. To this answer, there is a general replication: and the-cause having been heard 'upon the bill, answer, replication, 'exhibits, and testimony; it was adjudged and decreed, that the complainant in the Court below was not entitled to the relief prayed in the bill. Whereupon, the in-, junction which had been allowed was dissolved, and the bill dis-
missed. ' When this case Was before the Court on the writ of error, the
effect and operation ofthe words, "as principals," contained in the, single bill discounted at the bank, were fully considered ; and it was decided, that they operated as an estoppel, and precluded the defendants from going into evidence to show that he was only surety in the single bill. And unless it shall be found that a different principle prevails in a Court of Equity, the same result must follow upon
the present appeal. It is said, however, on the part of the appellant, that there are no
technical estoppels in a Court of Equity. This may be admitted; but it will not affect the present qfiestion. For itis equally well settled, as-a rule of evidence, in Courts of Equity as well as in Courts of law, that parol evidence is inadmissible to contradict or substan, tially vary the legal import of a written agreement. And this rule is founded on the soundest principles of reason and policy, as well as on authority. This doctrine Is fully recognised by this Court in the case of Hunt vs. Rousmanier, 8 Wheat. 211. The Court say: it is a general rule, that an agreement in writing; or an instrument carrying an agreement'into execution, shall not'be varied by parol testimony, stating conversations or circumstances anterior to the written instrument; that this rule is recognised in Courts of Equity, as well as in Courts of Law. But Courts of Equity grant relief, in cases of fraud and mistake ; which cannot be obtained in Courts of Law. In such cases, a Court of Equity may carry the intention of the parties into execution, where the written agreement fails to express that intention. ' This authority is so directly in, point, that it cannot be necessary to refer to any other. But the principle will be found in accordance' with the highest authority, both in this coun,

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

207

[Sprigg vs. The Bank of Mount Pleasant.]
try and in the English Chancery. 1 Johns. C.R. 429. 6 Vesey, 328, and note.
The bill does not charge that the words, "as principals," were inserted in the obligation by mistake, or under any misapprehension, on the part of t.he appellant, of their import and effect. But on the contrary ; the bill states that the loan was made by the bank to Peter Yarnal[. and Company, in the usual way of making loans at that bank, From which it is fairly to be inferred, that this obligation was, in form, according to the usage of the bank; with which usage, the obligors must be presumed to have been conusant. Nor is there any direct charge of fraud on the-part of the bank; but it seems to be stated, as matter of inference from the allegation, that the loan was for the sole benefit of Yarnall and Company, and that known to the bank. But whatever the charge may be, it is denied in the answer, and is entirely unsupported by the testimony. The charge of fraud rests altogether upon the allegations that the appellant was only a surety in the single bill, and that was known to the bank. All the parol evidence on these points seems to have been admitted; although objected to, on the part of the bank, as inadmissible, on the ground that it contradicted the written instrument. The ruling of the Court on this objection does not appear upon the record. But if the evidence was admitted, the appellant has no ground of complaint. It was his own evidence. And all that this evidence established, was the simple fact, that the appellant was only suirty for Yarnall and Company. But that can have no influence against his direct admission in the obligation, that he was a principal; and there being no pretence of mistake or surprise, there can be but one meaning attached to this admission; which is,-that as between the obligors and the bank, all were principals, whatever might be their relation between themselves. They had undoubtedly a right to waive their character and legal protection as sureties, and assume the character of principals. 'This admission in the obligation must have been for some purpose; and none can be reasonably assigned, except that it was intended to place all the obligors upon the same footing, with respect to their liability to the bank.
The evidence did not support the allegation that the bank had made any agreement to extend the loan or time of payment, other than continuing the discount, in the ordinary course of business at the bank. The form of the obligation dispensed with the necessity of giving any notice to the appellant, even considering him in the character of a surety; and extending' the time of payment, and a mere delay in enforcing it will not discharge a surety, unless some agreement has been made injurious to the interest of the surety; nothing of which appears to have been done in this case. 9 Wheat. 720. 12 Wheat. 554i The cashier'of the bank denies that he ever made any contract with Yarnall and Company, for the extension of the payment of the obligation discounted at the bank, on the 20th of February, 1826, for Peter Yarnall and Company, and others;

208

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

[Sprigg vs. The Bank of Mount Pleasant.]
(referring to the single bill in question,) after the same became due, for sixty days, or any other period: but discounted the same according to the custom of the bank; but the time or indulgence given was merely at the will of the bank. That he could not make any contract for the extension of payment, according to the rules of the bank, without an order from the board of directors; and that, on an examination of the minute book, he found no such order;
where, if it had been made, it would appear : and tie inference, attempted to be drawn, that Yarnall and Company were considered
and accepted by the bank as the principal debtors, because the ac-
count kept at the bank of this loan was in his. name alone, was done away, and fully explained by the testimony of the cashier as' to'the custom'of the bank, that the account is always kept with the first signer, unless otherwise especially authorized and directed. But, admitting that the bank knew that Yarnall and Company were the principal debtors, this would not exonerate the other obligors from 'their responsibility as principals, in violation of their express contract. If Yarnall and Company. were of doubtful credit, it might, have been the very reason why the bank required all the obligors
to bind themselves as principals. It is no doubt a sund and well-settled principle, that sureties are
not to be made responsible beyond their contract; and any agree-' ment with the creditor, which varies essentially 1he terms of the contract, without the assent of the surety, will discharge him from his responsibility. But this principle cannot apply where the surety has, by his own act, exchanged his character of surety for t-lat of principal; and then applies to a Court of Equity to reinstate him to his character of suirety, in violation of his own express contract. This would be sanctioning a fraud upon the creditor. This case has been likened at the bar to that of a deed, absolute in its face,.but which, by an independent agreement between the parties, was intended only as a mortgage. Courts of Equity Will permit such agreements to be set up against the express terms of the deed, only on the ground of fraud; considering it a fraudulent attempt in the mortgagee, contrary to his own express agreement, to convert a mortgage into an absolute deed. And it is equally a fraud on the part of a debtor, to attempt to convert his contract as principal into that of surety only.
No attempt has been made in the present case to show that the bank had made any agreement with the appellant, that he should be considered and treated as a surety only; contrary to the express terms of his contract to be bound as-a principal. If any such agree-
mnent had been shown, the analogy to the case put of a mortgage,
might hold. The allegation, that the neglect of the bank to prosecute Yarnall
and Company has, by their insolvency, thrown the loss of the debt upon the sureties, might be of some weight if any measures had been taken by them to expedite the collection of the debt from Yarnall and Company,' or no longer to continue the discount of the

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

209

[Sprigg vs. The Bank of Mount Pleasant.]

obligation. But no such measures appear to have been tptken-, and their solvency must be at the risk of the sureties, who have, by their express contract, assumed the character of principals.
The decree of the Circuit Court is accordingly affirmed.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the 'record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Ohio, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is ordered and decreed by this Court, that the decree of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed, with costs.

334

SUPREME COURT.

THE UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS, VS. ELIZABETH WIGGINS,
APPELLEE.
A grant of land by Estrada, the Governor of East Florida, was made on the 1st of August, 1815, to Elizabeth Wiggins, on her petition, st6ting, that "owing to the diminution of trade, she will have to devote herself to the pursuits of the country." The grant was made for the quantity of land apportioned by the regulations of East Florida, to the number of the family of the grantee. It was regularly surveyed by the surveyor general, according to the petition and grant. No settlement or improvement was ever made by the grantee, or by any one acting for heron the prbperty. In 1831, Elizabeth Wiggins presented a petition to the Superior Courtof East Florida, praying for a confirmation of the grant; and in July, 1838, the Court gave a decree in favour of the claimant. On an appeal to the Supreme Court of the United States, the decree of. the Superior Court of East Florida was reversed. The Court held, that by the regulations established on the 25th November, 1818, by Governor Coppinger, the grant had become void, because of the non-improvement, and the neglect to settle the land granted.
The existence of a foreign law, especially when unwritten, is a fact to be proved like any other fact, by appropriate evidence.
A copy of a decree by the governor of East Florida, granting land to a petitioner while Spain had possession of the territory, certified by tle secretary of the government to have been faithfully made from the original in the secretary's office, is evidence in the Courts of the United States. By the laws of Spain, prevailing in the province at that time, the secretary was the propler officer to give copies; and the law trusted him for this particular purpose, so far as he acted under its authority. The original was confined to the public office.
The cases of Owings vs. Hull, 9 Peters, 624. Percheman's case, 7 Peters, 51, The United States vs. Delespine, 12 Peters, 655, cited.
Prima facie evidence of a fact, is such, as in judgment of law is sufficient to establish the fact, and if not rebutted, remains suffi6ient evidence of it. Kelly vs. Jackson, 6 Peters,
632, cited. The eighth article of the Florida treaty stipulates that, "grants of land made by Spain in
Florida, after the 24th of January, 1818, shall be ratified and confirmed to the persons in possession of the land, to the same extent that the same grants would be valid if the government of the territory had remained under the dominion of Spain." The government of the Unijed States may take advantage of the non-performance of the conditions prescribed bv the law relative to grants of land, if the treaty does not provide for the omission. In the cases of Arredondo, 6 Peters, 691, and Percheman, 7 Peters, 51, it was held, that the words in the Florida treaty "shall be ratified and confirmed ;" in reference to, perfect titles, should be construed, "are" ratified and confirmed. The object of the Court in these cases was to exempt them from the operation of the eighth article, for that they were perfect titles by the laws of Spain when the treaty was made; and that when the soil and sovereignty of Florida were ceded by the second article, private rights of property were, by implication, protected. By the law of nations, the rights to property are secured when territories are ceded; and to reconcile the eighth article of tile treaty with the law of nations, the Spanish side of the article was referred to in aid of the American gide. The Court held, that perfect titles, "stood confirmed" by the treaty; and must be so recognised by the United States, in our Courts. Perfect titles to lands, made by Spain in the territory of Florida before the 24th January, 1818, are intrinsically valid, and exempt from the provision of the eighth article of thie treaty; and they need no sanction from the legislative or judicial departments of the United States. The eighth article of the Florida treaty was intended to apply to claims to land whose validity depended on the pertiormance of conditions, in consideration of which the concessions had been made; and which must have been performed before Spain was bound to perfect the titles. The United States were bound after the cession of the country, to the same extent that Spain had been bound before the ratification of the treaty, to perfect them by legislation and adjudication.

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

335

[The United States vs. Wiggins.]
APPEAL from the Superior Court of East Florida.

The appellee, Elizabeth Wiggins, on the 1st of August, 1815,
presented a petition to Estrada, the governor of East Florida, stating that, "owing to the diminution of trade, she will have to devote
herself to the pursuits of the country;" and wishing to establish herself on the eastern side of the pond of ' t. George, "she asked the governor to grant three hundred acres in the said place, as she had five children, hnd five slaves, with herself."
By a decree of the 6th of August, 1815, the object of the petition
was granted by Governor Estrada, and "a certified copy of this instance and decree," was ordered to be issued to the petitioner, "from the secretary's office." A certified copy of these documents was given to the petitioner, on the same day, by "Don Tomas De Aguilar."
A survey of the land was made by the surveyor general of the
province, on the 23d of March, 1821. On the 26th of May, 1831, Elizabeth Wiggins presented a petition to the judge of the Superior Court of East Florida, stating her claim to three hundred acres of land, granted to her by Governor Estrada, and praying that the
validity of the claim might be inquired into, and decided by the Court, in pursuance of the acts of Congress.
The answer of the District Attorney of the United States to this petition, denied the right of Elizabeth Wiggins to the land claimed on many grounds. Those which were brought into examination,
and decided upon, were: First, That the petitioner had never taken possession of or culti-
vated the land. Second, The petitioner was required to make proof that a grant
for the land had been issued. Third, That the petitione' having failed and neglected to occupy,
improve, or cultivate the land, and having abandoned it, the right and title thereto, if any had existed, were wholly forfeited and lost.
Subsequently, a replication to the answer of the United States was filed, and the original certified copy of the grant to Elizabeth Wiggins of the' land, the same being certified by Tomas De Aguilar, secretary, &c., was offered in evidence by the claimant, and was objected to by the United States.
The Court admitted the evidence. By an amended bill, the petitioner also stated, that no condition
of settlement or improvement was contained in the grant of the land; and that if any condition of settlement had been contained in it, the unprotected situation of that part of East Florida from In-
dian depredations and aggressions, from the time of the grant to the cession of the territory of Florida to the United States, had rendered it impossible to settle in that portion of the country with safety to the persons or property of those who might venture so to do.
The United States in an amended answer, set up in further oppo-
sition to the claim of the petitioner, the usage, practice, and custom,

S3G

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States vs. Wiggins.]

of the government of Spain, which prevailed when the alleged grant was made; that teiA years' occupancy and cultivation of the land, under such'a grant, was necesIsary to give the grantee the title in fee simple to the land. The United States stated other objections to.the title claimed by the petitioner; and denied that the settlement
of the land was rendered dangerous by the disturbed state of.the country.
The parties to the cause proceeded to take evidence in support and in opposition to the claim of the petitioner; and the cause was heard on the documents and evidence. At July term, 1838, the Superior
Court made a decree confirming. the title of. Elizabeth Wiggins to the land claimed by- her. From this decree the United States took an appeal to this Court.

The case was argued by Mr. Gilpin, Attorney General, and Mr. Dent, for the United States; and by Mr. Downing; for the appellee.

Mr. Gilpin, for the United States. This is one of a numerous class of cases which has of late years repeatedly claimed the consideration of this Court. The rule laid down by the late Chief Justice is one that should be recognised whenever they ard" discussed: that "it wopld violate the usage of nations, and outrage the sense of justice, to annul private rights." To protect these is the duty of this Court ;-and it was also unques-
tionably the desire and object of the executive government, when it made the treaty with Spain. The eighth article of that treaty was
adopted after much discussion and change; and these discussions turned mainly on the provisions which were to guard private and existing interests. But, on the other hand; fraud is to be prevented;
the public domain, of which the acquisition was costly, is to be protected; opportunities of deception growing out of the change of dominion are to be Watched; titles-are to be saved from embarrassment and conflict; and the regulations made imperative on the landholder, by the Spanish laws, are not to be wantonly relaxed. The Spanish land law in Florida was one of great liberality; occupation and cultivation formed the only price which the government required from its grantees; but this price it did absolutely require. While, therefore, we sacredly uphold every vested right, and reserve to every citizen of Florida the privileges he derived under the Spanish law, we must exact of him proof of a compliance with the conditions that law imposed, before we allow him the benefit of its pri vileges. We have no right to tolerate what would facilitate or sanction fraud or unjustifiable negligence.
The Spanish government would not, in its most liberalspirit, have confirmed to the present claimant the grant of land she now seeks to obtain. Her claim is founded on a concession of three hundred acres, alleged to have been given by Governor Estrada, in 1815, and to have been surveyed in 1821 ; but never, as is admitted, possessed or cultivated to this day. Two inquiries, thereforep.present

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

337

[The United States vs. Wiggins.]

themselves: first, whether such a concession was ever made in point

of fact; and secondly- whether, if it was not, the-acts of the claim-

ant since have been such as now to authorize its confirmation.

1. That no such concession was ever granted by Governor Es-

trada may be inferred from the fact that none was ever produced

or exhibited until the year 1833, eighteen years after it purports to

have been made. The claim itself first appears in the report of the

register and receiver, dated in January, 1827, twelve years after the

alleged grant. Even then it is sustained only by an alleged certifi-

cate of survey, dated on the 23d March, 1821, purporting to have

been made by the surveyor general, Clarke, six years after the grant,

in face of the Spanish law, which required the possession to be taken

within six months after the date of the grant. There was no evidence

of occupation or cultivation; none of the existence of the concession

now relied on; its existence was not even alleged till the year 1833;

the claim up to. that time was admitted to rest on the certificate of

survey by Clarke, which, if genuine, was made by him in direct

violation of the Spanish land law.

But, independent of the stro-g inferences resulting from these cir-

cumstances, the documentary title now set up is inadmissible as

legal evidence. No original paper is exhibited; of the concession

we have merely a copy certified by Aguilar, the governor's secre-

tary; of the certificate of survey we have merely a copy certified by

the keeper of the public -archives. No evidence is offered to show

that either of these papers ever existed. Aguilar, the person who

copied the concession, is not produced; Clarke, the surveyor gene-

ral, who is examined, does not prove either the concession or his

own certificate of the survey; Alvarez, a clerk in Aguilar's office at

the time, never saw or heard of the original concession; Cavedo,

a clerk in ' 3 record office, knows nothing of it; no evidence of its

existence, and consequentl( of its loss or destruction, appears through-

out the record.

To supply the want of this, the claimant attempts to establish a

presumption of loss, by alleging that the documents in the i'ecord

office were sQ carelessly kept as to make' the loss of these papers

very probable. Bit this allegation is quite inconsistent with the

testimony before this Court. The papers are shown, at all events,

to have been carefully kept from 1815 to 1821; yet Alvarez, who

kept them, and constantly examined them, never saw such a con-

cession; in 1821, the r6turn of the survey must have led .him to

recur to it, if in existence: the surveyor general, who was well ac-

quainted with the office papers, neVer-saw it: in a list of documents

made soon after the change of flags, neither the concession nor cer-

tificate of survey is alluded to. These circumstances, taken in con-

nexion with the fact that the concession was never relied on by the

claimant till 1833, are inconsistent with the presumption of existence

and loss. Nor is this all ; thee is evidence which goes far to raise

a contrary presumption : the loss of no grant from these archives

has been alleged, except such as now depend on copies certified by

VOL. XIV.--2 F

43

338

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States vs. Wiggins.]
Aguilar; and evidence was offered to prove,'that, in two cases at least, he had proposed to forge, or did actually forge, documents of a similar charac, er; although this evidence, being objected to by the claimant, was no doubt properly rejected, yet it forms a strong circumstance, taken in connexion with the rest, to authorize a presump-
tion that there never was any original concession. Admitting, however, the facts on which the claimant presumes
this loss, yet they can have no weight, as legal evidence, without previous proof that the document in question did actually exist.
Satisfactory testimony that the original existed, is absolutely neces7sary before the certified copy can be admitted. In the case of Goodier vs. Lake, 1 Atkyns, 446, Lord Hardwicke required, not merely that the existence but the genuineness of a note, alleged to be lost, should be shown before a copy was admitted ; and in that of Irwin vs. Simpson, 7 Bro. Parl. Cases, 317, an office copy of a
bill was rejected, though an officer of the. Court was ready to prove that the original could not be found, after a search among the records. In the case of Cauffman vs. The Congregation of Cedar Springs, 6 Binney, 63, the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania held, that, in order'to prove the substance of a writtehi agreement, evidence of its existence must be first given, and then that it was lost or destroyed. So in the case of Meyer vs. Barker, 6 Binney, 237, the same Court say, that before secondary evidence of the contents of a written instrument can be given, "there must be proof that such instrument once existed, and is lost or destroyed." This rule has been repeatedly recognised by other judicial tribunals; Jackson vs.Todd, 3 Johns. Rep. 304; Spencer vs. Spencer, I Gallison, 624: and, in this Court, distinct proof that a lost deed had been in possession of a person to whom it properly belonged, was regarded as a necessary ground for the admission of'secondary evidence of its contents. Minor vs. Tillotson, 7 Peters, 101. The present claimant offers no direct -testimony whatever of the existence of her concession. The only evidence in fact is, that a copy of it is referred to in the certificate of survey; but even of that certificate of survey nothing but a copy is produced. Clearly, the case is not brought within the well established rule.
It is contended, however, that the rule in question does not apply where the originals are placed in a public office, and the office is allowed by law to give to the parties certified copies. To this it is answered, in the first place, that this exception does not in any case dispense with direct proof of the, original having existed; but, in the second place, it is never applicable in a case where the genuineness of the original iscontested. In the case of the United States vs.
Percheman, 7 Peters, 84, where the question arose in regard to the admission of these certificates, it was declared by the Court, in admitting them, that the original must be produced, if either party should suggest the necessity of so doing. In the case of Minor vs. Tillotson, 7 Peters, 101, it was held, that wherever suspicion hung over the instrument, the copy was not to be admitted without rigid

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

339

[The United States vs. Wiggins.]
inquiry. In the case of the United States vs, Jones, 8 Peters, 382, it was held, that although a certified treasury transcript of documents filed in the public offices, is made, by law, of equal validity with the originals, yet the defendant is at liberty to impeach the evidence thus certified, and, on allegation of fraud, require the production of the original. In the case of 0wings vs. Hull, 9 Peters, 626, where the copy of a bill of sale in Louisiana was admitted, it was done upon the express ground that the original was in the possession of the notary. In the case of Winn vs. Patterson, 9 Peters, 675, it was held, that there must be satisfactory proof of the genuineness and due execution of a power of attorney, before a copy from the public office of the recorder could be received. In the case of the United States vs. Delespine, 12 Peters, 656, the extent to which these certificates of Florida concessions were to be admitted, as evidence, was discussed; and their admission was made to depend upon the fact that there was positive proof of the existence of the original concession, in the office of the secretary who gave the certificate. This case, therefore, is not excepted from the common law rule, making proof of the existence of the original necessary, by the fact that its deposit in a public office was required.
It is however contended, that by the usages recognised in the Spanish law, the certificate is.evidence without proving the existence of the priginal. No authority has been cited on this point; no law, order, receipt, or judicial decisioi to that effect, has been exhibited. The claimant relies on the parol evidence of a few persons in Florida, to prove what, if it exists, must be a well settled rule in the judicial tribunals of Spain. This is not a matter of.mere local usage, which is to be established like an ordinary fact. But taking the parol testimony in the record, it will be found, that in every instance where the Witnesses speak of a certified copy of a concession being of equal validity with the original, they explain themselves as referring to cases where the original is known or proved to .exist. Alvarez, the principal witness of the claimant on this point, says, that "he does not recollect a certified copy of a grant being received in evidence in a Spanish Court of justice, where the original was not on file in the proper office ; and from his knowledge of the practice of the government, he does not believe that such a copy would be received in evidence in a Spanish Court, uinless the party could prove that the original was in the office at the time the copy was made."'
On these grounds, it is submitted that there is no evidence of this concession ever having been made; but a strong presumption
against it.
2. If, however, the original concession is proved, still the claimant is not entitled to a confirmation of it, because she performed none of the conditions which were required to perfect her title by the Spanish
law. Grants of land in Florida, by the Spanish authorities, so far as

340

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States vs. Wiggins.]

they have come before this Court, appear to have been of three

classes.

First. Absolute grants, in consideration of services already per-

formed, which were made' by the governors, in special cases, either

by virtue of a special power recognised by the laws of the Indies, (2

White's New Recopilacion, 38. 40. 52 ;) or by the authority given, in

particular decrees, coming directly or indirectly from the sotereign, as

in.Je-case of the grants conferred upon Salus, Paujin, and Percheman,

in reward for their services. 2 White's New Rec. 280. The very

nature of these grants forbids a limitation on the quantity, or on the

consideration that might move them. They are recognised by this

Court in the cases of the United States vs. Percheman, 7 Peters, 97;

and United States vs. Clarke, 8 Peters, 453.

Second. Grants in consideration of services to be performed, and

deemed specially important for the improvement of the province.

These do not seem to have grown out of-any law or royal order, but

were not infrequent for some years before the cession of Florida.

They were, established by usage, and recognised as lawful. 2

White's New Recopilacion, 386. 289, 290. The services appear

to have been of three kinds the eiection of saw mills, facto-

ries, or mechanical works; the introduction and rearing of large

numbers of cattle; and the establishment in particular places of

large bodies of settlers. The titles to these were, in some instances,

absolute on their face, and conveyed a present grant from their date,

though coupled with conditions for the subsequent performance of

the specified services; or they were mere concessions or incipient

grants, securing a future absolute title, on the performance of the

conditions. The first are recognised by this Court, in the cases of

United States vs. Arredondo, 6 Peters, 745, 746. United States vs.

C31la3r;kaen, d8

Peters, others.

441. 467.

United States vs. Sibbald, 10 Peters,

The second, in the cases of United States vs.'Mills,

12 Peters,,215, and United States vs. Kingsley, 12 Peters, 477. 486.

Third. But the great class of cases was that of gratuitous grants, in

moderate quantities, for purposes of actual occupation and cultiva-

tion. To this class is applicable the general system of Spanish land

law which existed in Florida and Louisiana; and the regulations embraced under it are as clear and distinct as those of the land laws of the United States. It is true, the grantswere gratuitous, but the performance of the conditions annexed by that law, was a consideration as explicit as the payment required by our laws.
The regulations in regard to these grants are first found in the compilation of the laws of the Indies, promulgated by the Spanish sovereign in 1682. By those laws, grants were distributed by the governors to settlers, on condition that they should take actual possession of the lands granted in three months, and build upon and cultivate them; and after four years of such occupation, they were entitled to hold the land in absolute property. 2 White's New Rec
48. 50, 51. The incipient grant, termed a concession, was deposited

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

341

[The United States vs. Wiggins.]
in the office of the governor's secretary; but, on proof of the necessary occ 'patioln and cultivation, the settler received an absolute grant, or, as it was called, a royal title, which was recorded in the office of the escribano, or notary of the province. 2 White's New Rec. 283. The quantity to be given to each settler is not prescribed in the laws of the Indies, but the governors are directed to graduate it. These regulations are subsequently recognised 'by the King of Spain, in his royal orders of 1735, 1754, and 1768, (2 White's New Rec. 62. 64. 71 ;) and in the latter it is declared, that " where any shall not apply themselves in a proper manner to improve the lands
allotted to them, the same shall be taken from them, (which I do without mercy,) and granted to others who shall fulfil the conditions." In 1770, O'Reilley, the Governor of Louisiana, promulgated
his regulations, fixing two hundred and forty arpcns as the quantity of a concession for a family, and allowing an absolute title, in the name of the king, after three years' cultivation and improvement, to be ascertained after strict inquiry. 2 White's New Rec. 229,230.
In 1790, under the administration of Governor Quesada, in East Florida, and pursuant to a royal order, dated the 29th November,
1789, we have the quantity allotted to the settlers in that province specifically designated; one hundred acres are assigned to each head of a family, and fifty to each other person composing it, whether white or black; provision is also made, that foreign emigrants shall first, take an oath of allegiamice to Spain; the surveyor general is required to inform the settlers that they will obtain their concessions or incipient titles from the governo. 's secretary ; and also, to give them express notice that the conditions prescribed by law must be completed, before they can receive an absolute title. 2 White's New Rec. 276. 1 Clarke's Land Laws, 996-99S. In 1797, Governor Gayoso, in Louisiana, enlarged the allotment to two hundred acres for the head of the family, fifty acres for each child, and twenty for each negro; he required possession to be taken within one year, and gave an absolute title after three years' cultivation. 2 White's New Rec. 233. In 1799, Governor Morales declared, explicitly, that notwithstanding the concession, or first grant, by which the set-
tler obtained possession, he was "not to be regarded as the owner of the land until his royal title was delivered complete." 2 White's New Rec. 239. In 1803, Governor White, in East Florida, reduced. the allotment to fifty acres for the head of the family, twenty-five acres to each child and slave above the age of sixteen years, and fifteen acres to.each that was younger; he declared that "every concession, in which no time was specified, should be null, if polsession and cultivation were not commenced within six months."
He also required ten years' possession before an absolute or royal title was granted; and decreed, that if, in any case, the land was abandoned for two years, the title should be absolutely void. 2 White's New Rec. 259. 277. 278. 281. In 1811, Governor Estrada solicited permission to change these regulations, and to be allowed
to sell the lands absolutely for money, in lieu of granting them gra-
2 r2

SUPREME COURT.
[The United States vs. Wiggins.]
tuitously on conditions of cultivation and settlement; but all chdnga in the system was explicitly refused. 2 White's New Rec. 266 267. In 1813, the Cortes, under the new Spanish constitution,. passed an ordinance authorizing such sales, but this was repealed the next year, and the previous laws and regulations were restored, Clarke's Land Laws, 1007. 1010. 8 Peters, 455. With this partial exception, (which does not appear to have been acted on in practice,) the regulations of Governor White continued in full force till 1815, when Governor Kindelan, on account of the Indian disturbance, relaxed them so far as to grant absolute titles to settlers who had actually built houses and improved their lands, though the ten years' settlement was not complete. 2 White's New Rec. 288. In 1818, Governor Coppinger, at the instance of Garrido, an agent of the Duke of Alagon, directed a full investigation and review of the land syste6 of Florida to be made; aid the report of Saavedra, which was sanctioned by the governor, fully establishes the regula · tions which have been cited, as then in existence ; whether they relate to the absolute grants, the grants upon express condition, or the gratuitous concessions for purposes of settlement and cultivation. 2 White's New Rec. 282. 288.
The claimant's title in this case rests on a concession of Governor Estrada of three hundred acres ; not asked or granted for any services, but because "she has five children and five slaves, with herself." This entitled her to three hundred acres. At that time the regulations of Governor White were in full force. She never occupied the land or cultivated it, at any time from the date of the concession to the present day. It cannot be doubted but that under the Spanish law, "her concession is of no value or effect, the prescribed conditions not having been complied with, nor can she by means of it claim any right to the land granted, which should now be considered vacant." These are the words of Saavedra.
2 White's New Rec. 283. But it is said the eighth article of the treaty between Spain and
the United States, ceding Florida, recognises this as a valid and existing title, because there is no condition expressed in it. The treaty declares, that " Spanish grants, made before the 24th January, 1818, shall be ratified and confirmed to the persons in possession of the lands, to the same extent that the same grants would be valid, if the territories had remained under the dominion of Spain." 6 Laws of the United States 618. 2 White's New Rec. 210. The meaning of this article has been fully canvassed and settled by this Court. In the case of the United States vs. Arredondo, (6 Peters, 741,) it was held, that under the treaty, and without the necessity of any further act by the United States, all complete and absolute titles then existing, " st6od confirmed ;" and this decision was repeated in the
case of the United States vs. Percheman, 7 Peters, 89. But all grants which wei e not complete and absolute, could only bd made valid by the legislation of. the United States. The question, then, resolves itself into this: has any legislation, in pursuance of this

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

343

[The United States v. Wiggins.]
treaty, given validity to a concession or imperfect title, where the grantee had not performed the conditions required by the Spanish law, to make the grant valid? The first act, that of 8th May, 1822, (3 Story's Laws, 1870,) directs an examination by commissioners into the fact, whether the claim presented was valid, "agreeably to the laws and ordinances previously existing of the governments making the grant." The act of 3d March,'1823, (3 Story's Laws, 1907,) recognises and directs the same inquiry. The act of 28th February, 1824, (3 Story's Laws, 1935,) makes it incumbent on the claimant to establish, that "the conditions required by the laws and ordinances of the Spanish government," shall have been complied with. And the act of 23d May, 1828, (4 Story's Laws, 2124,) which finally submits the claims to a judicial decision, restricts them by the rule prescribed in the act of the 26th May, 1824, (3 Story's Laws, 1959,) to such as "might have been perfected into a complete title under and in conformity to the laws, usages, and. customs of the government, under which the same originated.',. While, therefbre, a complete and perfect grant is recognised as valid, without inquiring into the fact, how far it had been duly made ;:it is apparent that neither by the treaty, nor by the legislation of Congress, is an inceptive or imperfect grant confirmed, unless it might have been perfected under the laws and.usages of Spain. It has been shown that the present claim could not have been so perfete, but that it was, and is, absolutely null; and "the land granted should now be considered as vacant."
Nor can any decision of this Court be shown which goes to establish such a claim; no case exactly similar has come before it; but so far as the principles heretofore laid down, are applicable to it, it submitted that they sustain, the ground now taken, on behalf of the United States. If so, the decision of the Court below was erroneous, and the claim of the appellee should be rejected; even if it be admitted that th6 proof of the existence of the original concession is sufficient.

* Mr. Downing, for the appellee, contended, 1. That this copy is full and sufficient prodf of the grant: First,
by the Spanish laws.and usages; and, second, by the common law of England, adopted in Florida, as primary evidence before the Spanish Court-as secondary and sufficient before ours.
2. That the absence of the original from the archives, is accounted for by the carelessness with which the papers were kept; and does not furnish a presumption that it never existed.
The appellee may safely rest her case on the authority of the cases decided by this Court, as to the proof of the grant from Governor Estrada. A certified copy of the grant is presented, and this is the only paper a claimant of land in East Florida can have -The petition for the grant, and the order of the Governor of Floii4a upon it, are office papers ; and always on file in the office of the secretary

SUPREME COURT.
[The United States vs. Wiggins.]
of the government. Certified copies, which serve as titles, are issued .by the government. This was the practice in all such cases.
The question before the Court is upon the validity of the certifi cate of title.
As to the performance of the condition of settlement, it has been repeatedly held, by this Court, it is a condition subsequent' and does not affect the validity of the grant. 10 Peters, 321. But in the grant to Elizabeth Wiggins, there is no condition of settlement.
It has always been contended in Florida, that even if there is a condition of settlement in the grant, the forfeiture is to be enforced by the government: and until this is done, the grant is in full'operation. No case is known in which the forfeiture has been claimed. Grants of this description were made as inducements to settlements and improvements The government required an agricultural population, to increase the safety of the whole community from Indian depredations. Grants of land were freely given, when offers of settlement were made; but no rigid exaction of penalties followed the failure of the grantee to execute the purposes of improvement and settlement.
This Court, in the case of Percheman, have decided upon the legality of the certified copy of the petition and grant, as evidence. In other cases, the same decision has been made. 12 Peters, 655.
Cited also, in support of the general principles on which the title of the appellee rested, 6 Peters, 727-731. 738. 2 Peters' Digest, 313. Sibbald's case, 10 Peters, 322. 6 Peters, 735.
It is considered as having been settled by the decrees of this Court, in the Florida cases, that all other conditions, but those in Mill grants, are conditions subsequent.
Mr. Justice CATRoN delivered the opinion of the Court. The first question arises upon the admission in evidence of the, memorial of Mrs. Wiggins, and the decree thereon by the governor, Estrada, on the certificate of the secretary, Aguilar. They are as follow:
MEMORIAL FOR GRANT.
Translation.
"His Excellency the Governor: "Isabel Wiggins, an inhabitant of the town of Fernandina, with
the greatest respect 6ppears before your Excellency, and states, that she has never importuned the attention of the government with petitions for lands, as she procured to support her family with the fruits of her industry, in this town; but owing to the diminution of trade, she considers' that she will have to devote herself to the pursuits of the country; and wishing to establish herself on the eastern side of the pond of St. George, she supplicates your Excellency to be pleased to grant to her three hundred acres in the said place, as she has five

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

345

[The United States .v.Wiggins.]
children and five slaves, with herself; which favour she begs of the just administration of your Excellency.
"Fernandina, 1st ./ugust, 1815.
"ISABEL WIGGINS."

DECREE.

"St. dugustine, 6th dugust,one thousandeight hundred andfifteen. "The tract which the interested party solicits is granted to her, without prejudice to a third party ; and for the security there6f, let a certified copy of this instance and decree be issued to her, from the

secretary's office.

ESTRADA."

CERTIFICATE OF AGUILAR.

"I, Don Tomas de Aguilar, sub-lieutenant of the army, and secretary of the government of the place and province of East Florida,
for his majesty, do certify that the preceding copy is faithfully drawn from the original which exists in the. secretary's office, under my
charge,.and pursuant to the order I give the present,. in St. Augustine of Florida, on the sixth of August, one thousand eight hundred

and fifteen.

ToMAs DE AGUILAR."

Before the memorial and concession were offered in evidence,
Elizabeth Wiggins made affidavit: 'That, in August, 1815, she petitioned for the grant; that she received shortly after from the
secretary of the government, a certified 'opy of the petition and ,decree; that she never had had possession or control of the original; that she always understood that it was, at the date thereof, placed in
the proper public office, as was usual in such cases; that she understood from her counsel the same could not be found; and that she
is ignorant what has become of the same."
The affidavit was'objected to, on the part of the United States, and rejected by the Court, and the evidence offered received without its aid; on proof being made of the handwriting of Aguilar, the govern-
ment secretary. Much evidence was introduced to prove the, practice and rules in
use in the offices of the Spanish government, from which titles to
lands issued We think the evidence was admissible; the existence of a foreign law, especially when unwritten, is a fact to be proved, like any other fact, by appropriate evidence. The Spanish province of -Florida, was foreign to this country in 1815, when the
transaction referred to purports to have taken place.
A principal witness to prove the practice in the government Secretary's office, was Alvarez, who had been a clerk in it from 1807, to the time of the change of government, in 1821. lie, and others, establish beyond controversy, that persons wishing grants of land from the Spanish government, presented a memorial to the governor, and he decreed on the memorial, in the form pursued in Mrs. Wiggins' case; that the decree of the governor was filed in the secretary's office, and constantly retained there, unless, in cases where
a royal title was ordered to be issued, when the decree was trans-

SUPREME COURT.
[The United States vs. Wiggins.]
ferred to the escribano's office. Mrs. Wiggins' is a case of the first class; and the petition and decree could not be removed from the government secretary's office. These papers were not recorded in books there, but kept in files or bundles.
The evidence given to the grantee, was a certified copy of the decree, or of the memorial and decree, by the government secretary; and that it was one of the ordinary duties of the secretary to make certified copies of memorials and decrees for the use of the parties. Generally, the decree of the governor directed the copy to be made for the use of the party; and that copies made by the government secretary, and certified by him, were generally received as evidence of title in the Spanish Courts of justice; the copies were made immediately after making the decree, and delivered to the party when he called for them. No seal was affixed to ihe secretary's certificate; which was evidence of the facts to which it certified, in a case like this. From the evidences of the duties incumbent on the government secretary of Florida, derived from this record, and other sources, we have no doubt the duties were such as proved; that the secretary was the proper officer appointed by law to give copies; and that the law trusted him, for this particular purpose, so far as he acted under its authority. It follows, in this case, as in all others where the originals are confined to a public office, and copies are introduced, that the copy is (first) competent evidence by authority of the certificate of the proper officer : and (second) that it proves, prima facie, the original to have been of file in the office, when the copy was made. And for this plain reason: the officer's certificate has accorded to it the sanctity of a deposition : he certifies, "that the preceding copy is faithfully drawn from the original, which exits in the secretary's office, under my charge."
The same doctrine was holden in this Court in Owings vs. Hull, 9 Peters, 624, 625. The copy of a bill of sale for slaves, made and of record in a notary's office, in New Orleans, was offered in evidence, without accounting for the original ; and objected to for this reason. By the laws of Louisiana, the, riginal could not .be removed from the notary's office; and le'was authorized to give a copy. This was received and deemed evidence of what was contained in the original; and, of course, that it existed when the copy.' was made.
Again, in Percheman's case, (7 Peters, 85,) it was decided t)y this Court, that a copy of a Spanish grant, certified by the government secretary, could he given in evidence without accounting for the nonproduction of the original; and this, on general principles; which did not require the aid of legislation: much reliance in that case having been placed upon acts of Congress to give-effect to the certificate.
This Court, in the United States vs, Delespine, (12 Peters, 655,) recognised the principle, that a certified copy, such as the one before us, was evidence, for there a copy of the first copy was intro-
duced: and when speaking of the first cony, the Court say, "the

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

347

[The United States vs. Wiggins.]
first copy was .made from the original filed in the proper office, from which the original could not be removed for any purpose. That copy, it is admitted, would have been, evidence in the cause." The original copy having been lost, and no decree being found in the government secretary's office in favour of Delespine, although there was proof that one had existed, the copy of the first copy was received, and a decree founded on it.
Delespine's case is, however, prominently distinguished from the present on the main point in comtroversy ; in that case, there was positive proof of the existence in the secretary's oice of the original concession; here there is none, save the inference that arises from Aguilar's certificate, with some other circumstances: and the question is, can a decree for the land be founded upon these proofs; in the face of the fact, that no decree, or evidence of the claim now.
exists, or has ever been known to exist in the proper office. We have established that the copy of the petition and decree are
made prima facie evidence by the certificate of the secretary. "What is prima facie evidence of a fact? lIits such as, in judgment of law, is sufficient to establish the fact ; and, if not rebutted, remains sufficent for the purpose." Kelly vs. Jackson, 6 Peters, 632. And is it rebutted in this case ? Had the papers in the government secre-
tary's office been carefully kept; and had this claim been first brought forward at a late day, as it is insisted in argument it was, (that is, eighteen years after its date,) then the presumption would stand against its original existence; and it ought to be rejected, if the certificate had no support. But this is far from being the fact. The survey was made by the proper surveyor, for Mrs. Wiggins, March 23d, 1821, in conformity to the memorial and decree, and, which refers to their date. Then again she pursued this claim before the register and receiver of the land-cffice of East Florida, whilst they acted as a board of commissioners for the examination of Spanish claims and titles; and they rejected it because there was no evi. dence of cultivation. Truly, the certificate and plot of the survey were only before them; but as no exception appears to have been taken, for want of sufficient evidence of the existence of the concession, the circumstance of the nonproduction of it before the board, has not so much in it as was supposed in the argument.
The record shows why such vigorous exertions were made, either to reject or to destroy the force of Aguilar's certificate. The a'ttoYney for the-government offered to prove by William G. Davis, that Aguilar, just' before the delivery of the province was made to the United States, offered to forge a grant, in favour of the witness, for a tract of land ; and the attorney also offered to prove by William Levington, that about the same time, Aguilar offered to forge, or did actually forge, under the signature of the former governor, 'White, of that province, a grant of land in favour of the witness ; which evidence the Court rejected; and, we thitk, correctly. Aguilar was not introduced as a witness; but the proof offeredsought to establish upon him forgery and fraud in other instances, so as to

348

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States vs. Wiggins.]
destroy the credit of his certificate in this. The secretary may have been honest and faithful in the discharge of his duties in 1815, and grossly tei reverse k, 1821; and although any number of frauds should be established upon him, still, if the particular act sought to be avoided be not-shown to be tain'ted with fraud, it cannot be affected with other frauds. 4 Peters, 297. If there had been a forgery in this instance, it is probable it would have been brought to light at the time the survey was made: the making of which is the controlling fact with this Court, coming in aid of the certificate of Aguilar. For it must be admitted, that if the unsupported certificate had been brought forward, and the claim for the first time set up under it, in July, 1833, eighteen years after it bears date; that it could not have furnished any-foundation for a decree, or been evidence of title worthy of credit. The lapse of time, the silence of the claimant, and her failure to have presented it for confirmation, would, under the circumstances, have been conclusive objections to its credibility. But the existence of the claim in 1821, is reidered certain by the return of the surveyor general; and before the American tribunals it has been steadily pursued.
Furthermore, the presumption that the original memorial and concession, supposed to have been on file in the government secretary's office, have been lost or destroyed, is very strong. After the papers were taken possession of in 1821, by the -authorities cf the
United States, they were almost abandoned, in an open house, subject to the inspection and depredation of every one; many of the files were seen untied, and the papers scattered about the room; the doors and windows of the house being open. There can hardly be a doubt that some of the papers were destroyed or lost.
Nothing is therefore found in the condition of the office, to rebut thQ prima facie presumption furnished by the secretary's certificate ; as might bQ the case, had the papers been kept with proper care: and especially, had the concessions been numbered, and no number
been missing.
The next question is, does the concession carry with it the conditions imposed by law on those having lands given to them-for the purposes of settlement? The object of the applicant, Mrs. Wiggins, is distinctly set forth by her memorial; with the numbef of the family of which she was the head, that 's, five children and five slaves, with herself. By the regulation,-of Governor White, published in 1803, it vps declared,dhat to each head of a family there should be distributed fi.fty acres; and to the children and slaves, sixteen years of age, twenty-five acres for each one;, but from the age of eight to sixteen years, only fifteen acres.
Taking the slaves and children all to have been over sixteen, there being ten of them, would have entitled the applicant to two hundred and fifty acres on their account, and the fifty acres on her own; which would have made up the three hundred acres applied
for. The same ordinance provides, "That those employed in the city,

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

349

[The United States vs. Wiggins.]
if lands be granted to them for cultivation, by themselves or their slaves; it shall be with the express condition, that he shall commence cultivation within one month after the concession of them, with the understanding, that if they do not do it, they will be granted to any one who will denounce him, and verbally prove it." And that all concessions, without time specified, shall be void, and held as tho-ugh not made, if grantees do not appear to take possession and cultivate them within the term of six months.
In the concessiou to Mrs. Wiggins, no time is specified for the settlement; and the government of the United States may take advanta e of the nonperformance of the condition prescribed by law, if the eighth article of the treaty with Spain does not provide for the emission. It stipulates, "that grants 16f lands made by Spain, before the 24th of January, 1818, shall be ratified and confirmed to the persons in possession of the lands, to the same extent that the same grants would be valid, if the territories had remained under the do-
minion of Spain." . It was adjudged by this Court, in the cases of Arredondo and
Percheman, 6 and 7 Peters, that the words "shall be ratified and confirmed," in reference to perfect titles, should be construed to meal
"are" ratified and confirmed, in the present tense. The object of the Court in these cases was to exempt them from the operation of the eighth article, for the reason that they were perfect titles by the laws of Spain, when the treaty was made; and. that when the soil and sovereignty of Florida were ceded by the second article, private rights of property were by implication protected. The
Court, in its reasoning, most justly held that such was the rule by the laws of nations, even in cases of conquest, and undoubtedly so in a case cf concession: therefore, it would be an unnatural construction of the eighth article, to hold that perfect and complete titles, at the date of the treaty, should be subject to investigation and confirmation by this government; and to reconcile the article with the
law of nations, the Spanish side of the article was referred to, in aid of the meaning of the American side, when it was ascertained that the Spanish side was in the present tense: whereupon the Court
held, that the implication resulting from the second article, being according to the law of nations, that, and the eighth article, were consistent; and that perfect titles "stood confirmed" by the treaty;
and must be so recognised by the United States, and in our Courts. The construction of the, treaty being settled, a leading inquiry in
the, cases referred to was, were they perfect, unconditional Spanish
grants ? Percheman's had no condition in it; and the only difficulty in-
volved was, whether it had been made by the proper authority. The Court held it had been so made.
The grant to Arredondo and son was for four leagues square, and
made as a present grant from its date; with the subsequent condition that the grantees should settle and improve the land in three
VOL. XIV.-2 G

SUPREME COURT.
[The United States vs. Wiggins.)
years, and on failure, the grant should become void: further, that they should sfttle'on it two hundred Spanish families; but no time was fixed for the performance of this condition. Possession was taken and improvements made within the three years; but the families were not settled when the,country was ceded. This Court declared, that after the cession of Florida to the United States, the condition of settling Spanish families had become, probably, impossible, by the acts of the grantor, the goverfiment of Spain; and certainly immaterial to the United States: therefore, the grant was discharged from the unperformed conditiop, and single.
That the perfect titles, made by Spain, before the 24th of January,
isis, within the ceded territory, are intrinsically valid, and exempt
from the provisions of the eighth article, is the established doctrine of this Court; and that they need no sanction from the legislative or judicial departments of this country.
But that there were at the date of the treaty very many claims, whose validity depended upon the performance of conditions in consideration of which the concessions had been made, and which must have been performed before Spain was bound to perfect the titles; is a fact rendered prominently notorious by the legislation of Congress and the litigation in the Courts of this country' for now nearly twenty years. To this class of cases the eighth article was intended to apply; and the United States were bound, after the ces-sion of the country, to the same extent that Spain had been bound before the ratification of the treaty, to perfect them by legislation and adjudication: and to this end the government has provided that it may be sued by the claimants in its own Courts; where the claims shall be adjudged, and the equities of the claimants determined and settled according to the law of nations, the stipulations of the treaty, and the proceedings under the same, and the laws and ordinances of the government from which the claims are alleged to have been derived.
These are the rules of decision prescribed to the Courts by Congress, in the act of 1824, ch. 173, sec. 2; passed to settle the titles of Missouri and Arkansas; and made applicable to Florida, by the act of 1828, ch. 70, sec. 6. By the sixth section of the act of 1824, the claimant who has a decree in his favour, is entitled to a patent from the United States; by which means his equitable claim draws to it the estate in fee. -These are the imperfect claims to which-the eighth article of the treaty with Spain refers.
That a Spanish concession, carrying on its face a condition, the performance of which is the consideration for the ultimate perfect title, is void, unless the condition has been performed in the time prescribed by the ordinances of Spain; was decided by this Court after the most mature consideration, in the cause of the United States vs. Kingsley, (12 Peters;) which is the leading decision upon the imperfect titles known as Mill grants ; and which has been. followed by all others coming within the principles then, with so much care

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

'151

[The United States vs. Wiggins.]
and accuracy laid down: The concession to Mrs. Wiggins, carrying with it the conditions incident to settlement rights by the ordinances and usages of Spain; a brief notice, in addition to what has alre ady been said, will be taken of the regulations and ordinances governing the case. As, on the first point, the practice of the government in disposing of' the public domain, may be proved by those familiar with the customs; and, there is in the record, very satisfactory proof by witnesses of the laws and customs governing the provincial authorities in this respect ; but as the proof is in exact accordance with the published ordinances on the subject, of course the written law will be relied upon.
After the passage of the act of 1828, it was the opinion of the
Attorney General of the United States, that it was indispensable to the correct decision of the Florida claims by the Court, that a cor-
rect translation into the English language should be made of the
Spanish and French ordinances, affecting the land titles in that
country. The task of translating and compiling them was assigned
to Joseph M. White, Esq., then of Florida. The collection was accordingly made and translated, and the manuscript deposited in
the state department; and Congress was informed of the fact, by a
special message from the President of the United States, of Fe-
bruary 11th, 1829. 2 White's Recopilacion, 9, 10. It was afterwards published by Mr. White; and latterly he has published a second and enlarged edition, which is the one referred to in this case.
The treaty with Spain for the cession of Florida, was signed 2d February, 1819: on the 25th of November preceding, the political and military governor (Coppinger) caused to be published an ordi-
nance setting forth the conditions on which concessions for settleinent claims had been issued; obviously with a view to the future cession. 2 White's Recopilacion, 282-285. From the ordinance it appears, "That concessions made to foreigners or rnatives, of large or small portions of lond, carrying their documents with them, (which shall be certificates issued by the secretary,) without having cultivated or ever seen the lands granted to them, such concessions .are of ilo, value or effect; and should be considered as not made, because the abandonment has been voluntary, and that they have failed in complying. with the conditions prescribed for the encouragement of population :" "and therefore, there is no reason why they should not revert to the class of public lands, making null the titles of cession which were made to them."
Ten years had been the time required for cultivation and occupation; this rule was not rigidly adhered to, but the titles were perfected in some instances, where valuable improvements had been made, and the occupation had been short of ten years; the governors taking into consideration the distufbed state of the country. These exceptions were abatements of the general rule, requiring ten years cultivation and occupation: as Mrs. Wiggins, however, never cultivated, or occupied the land claimed, she took no interest under the

352

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States vs. Wiggins.]

rule, or any exception made to it ; and it is free from doubt, had Spain continued to' govern the country, no title could have been made to her; nor can any be claimed from the United States, as success6rs to the rights and obligations of Spain.
It is, therefore, adjudged, that the decree below be reversed, and the petition dismissed.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Superior Court for the District of East Florida, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and decreed-by this Court, that the decree of the said Superior Court in this cause be, and.the same is hereby reversed and annulled; and that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said Superior Court, with directions to dismiss the petition.

SUPREME COURT.
LESSEE OF MARGARET LATTIMER AND OTHERS, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, VS. WILLIAM POTE.T, DEFENDANT IN ERROR.
'Ejectment for forty-nine thousand acres of land in the state of North Carolina, claimed by the plaintiffs under a grant from the state, dated 20th July, 1796, to' William Cathcart, founded on entries made in the -office of the entry taker, in the county of Buncombe, in tLo state of North. Carolina, made after the 3d of February, 1795, within the limits of the county. The land lay wholly within the limits of the territory specially described and set forth in the fifth section of the act of 1783, entitled an act for opening the land office of. the state of North Carolina. The claim of the plaintiffs in the ejectment was resisted on the ground that the grant tinder which the plaintiffs claimed, was, at the time of its emanation, wholly within the territory allotted to the Cherokee Indians, and was null and void; as sach entries and grants were prohibited by the sixth section of the act. It was held thtft the title under which the plaintiffs claim was invalid.
Construction of the treaties with the Cherokee Indians, relative to lands within the boundary; anl of the acts of the legislature of the state of North Corolina, relative to the occupation and entry of lands within the Indian boundary.
Ii will not be denied that the parties to a treaty are competent to determine any dispuc respecting its limits. In no mode can a controversy of this nature be as satisfactorily determiped: as by the 'contracting parties. If their language in the treaty shall be wholly indefinite, or the natural objects called for are uncertain or contradictory, there is no power but that Iwhich formed the treaty which can remedy such defects.
It is a sound principle of law, and applies to the treaty-making power of the government of the United States, whether exercised with a foreign nation or an Indian tribe, that all questions of boundary may be settled by the parties to the treaty: and to the,exercise of that high function of the government -within its constitutional powers, neither the rights of a state, or qf an iplividual can be interposed.
The Indian title being" a right of occupancy, the state of North Carolina had the power to grant the fee ia those lands subject to this right.
IN error to the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of North Carolina.
This case was argued at January term, 1839, by Mr. Coxe for the plaintiffs in error; and by Mr. Webster for the defendant. It was held under advisement until this term.
The case is fully stated in the opinion of the Court.
Mr. Justice M'LEAN delivered the opinion. This case comes before the Court on a writ of error to the Circuit Court of North Carolina. The" lessors of the plaintiff brought their action of ejectment, to recover the possession of forty-nine thousand nine hundled and twenty acres of land, in Haywood county, and described in the declaration by metes and bounds. On the trial, certain exceptions -were taken 'by the plaintiff to the rulings of the Court; and the verdict being not guilty, a judgment in favour of the defefidant was entered. To revise this judgment, this writ of error is prosecuted. The lessors of the plaintiff, to sustain their act;op, offered in evidence a grant from North Carolina to William Cat' cart, for the land described in the declaration, dated the 20th July, 1796, and.founded

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

5

[Lattimer et 'alvs.. Poteet.]
on entries made in the entry-taker's office, of the county of Buncombe, in said state, in the year 1795, within the limits of said county. It was admitted that the title, if any, had descended to the lessors of the plaintiff, and that, at the commencement of the action, the defendant was in possession; and also, that the land was within the limits of the territory described in the fifth section of the
act of North Carolina, 1783, entitled an act for opening the land office for the redemption of specie and other certificates, &c. And. the great questions arising out of the instructions are, whether, at the dates of, the entry and grant, the land was within the Indian
country; and if it was, whether the entry and grant were void. The limits of the Indian country, within the state of North. Caro-
lina, were established jby treaties made between the United States and the Cherokee tribe of Indians.
The first treaty was concluded at Hopewell, the 20th November, 1705. The fourth article of this treaty declared, "that the boundary allotted tQ the Cherokees for their hunting grounds, between the said Indians and the citizens of the United States, &c., shall begin at the moith of Duck river, on the Tennessee; thence runDing northeast to the ridge dividing the waters running into Cumberland from those running into theTennessee, thence easterly along the said ridge to a northeast line, to be run, which shall strike the river Cumfiberland forty miles above Nashville; thence along the said line to the river; thence up the said river to the ford where the Kentucky road crosses" the rivpr; thence to Campbell's line,
near Cumberland Gap; thence to the mouth of 'Cloud's creek on Holston, thence to the Chimney-top mou.6tain; thence to Camp creek near the mouth of Big Limestone on Nalichuchey; thence a southerly course six miles to a mountain; thence south to the North Carolina line; thence to the South Carolina Indian boundary; and along the same southwest over the top of the Occunna mbuntain, till it shall strike Tugalo river; thence a direct line to the top of the Currahee mountain; thence to the head of the south fork of the
Occunna rive.1" The treaty of Holston, which was concluded the 2d July, 1791,
altered the limits, as established by the Hopewell treaty, and declared that "the line should begin at the top of the Currahee mountain, where the creek line passes it; thence a direct line to Tugalo river; thence northeast to the Occunna mountain, and over the same along the South Cafolina Indian boundary to the North Carolina'boundary; thence north to a point from which a line is to be extended t9 the river Clinch, that shall pass the Holston at the ridge which divides, the waters running into Little river from those running into the Tennessee; thence up the river Clinch to Campbell's line, and along the same to the top of Cumberland mountain; thence a direct line to the. Cumberland riyer, where the Kentucky road crosses it; thence down the Cumberland river to-a point from which a southwest line will strike the ridge which divides the waters of
Cumberttnd from those of Duck river, forty miles above Nashville;

SUPREME COURT.
[Lattimer et al. vs. Poteet.]
thence down the said ridge to a point from whence- a southwest
line will strike the mouth of Duck river." "And in order to preclud6 forever all disputes relative to the said
boundary, the same shall be ascertained and marked plainly, by three persons appointed on the part of the United States, and three Cherokees on the part of their nation."
Another treaty was made with the Cherokees, at Philadelphia, the 26th June, 1794, in which it was stated that the treaty of Holston had not been fully carried into effect; and in the second article it was "stipulated that the boundaries mentioned in the fourth article of the said treaty shall be actually ascertained and marked in the manner prescribed by the said article, whenever the Cherokee nation.shall have ninety days' notice of the time and place at which the commissioners of the United States intend to commence their operation."
The whole extent of the line designated by this treaty, never appears to have been run and marked. Some parts of it Were not run, because the country through which it passed was mountainous and uninhabitable. On the 7th October, 1792, (1 American State Papers, Indian Affairs, 630,) Governor Blount having given the notice to the Cherokees required by the treaty, under the directions of the Secretary of War, instructed David Campbell, Charles M'Clung, and John M'iKe, commissioners for extending the line between the United States and the Cherokees, according to the treaty of Holston, to meet the next day at Major Craig's,'on Nine Mile creek, to extend the line. And they were instructed in case the commissioners appeared on the part of the Indians to run the line ; but if the Indians did not attend, they were required to examine where the ridge which divides the waters running into Little river from those running into the Tennessee, strikes the Holston ; and extend the line from thence to Clinch river; and again from the ridge to the Chilhowee mountain, paying strict regard to the treaty.
In their report, the 30th November ensuing, the commissioners say, that "1the commissioners on the part of the Cherokees did n}t attend; and we "proceeded to examine with great attention for the ridge which divides the waters of the Tennessee from those of Little river, and tracing it, found it-a plain leading ridge, and -that it struck the Holston at the mouth; but, having heard it suggested that the Indians had in .contemplation, at the time the treaty was made, a ridge which they supposed would strike the Holston higher up, we did not content ourselves, but retraced the ridge, and examined well the south bank of the' Holston, and the result was,. that we were perfectly convinced that ihe ridge which divides the waters of Tennessee and Little river, strikes the Holston at the
mouth, and at no other part." "We then proceeded to run, but not to mark, a line of experiment,
from the point of the ridge in a southeast direction to the Chtilhowee mountain, distance seventeen and a half miles, and again from thence to the Clinch, in a northwest direction, distance nine miles, and

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

7

[Lattimer et al. vs. Poteet.]
fouhd that line, continued to the southeast, would intersect the Tennessee, shortly after it crossed the Chilhowee mountain, consequently take away all'the Indian towns lying along the south side of the Tennessee. This showed the necessity of turning the direction more to the east and west; and it is our opinion that a line extended from the point of the ridge aforesaid south sixty degrees east to Chilhowee mountain, again from the point north sixty degrees west, will form the true line from Chilhowee mountain to Clinch, between the United
States and the Cherokees, according to the treaty of Holston. The more fully to elucidate this report, we present you with a map, which we believe is nearly correct, on which both the lines are laid
down." This line left several whit6 settlers within the Indian lands.
In transmitting this report to the War Department, Governor Blount remarks, "As the geography of the country generally cannot be known to you, there being no correct map of it, I think it necessary to inform you that the country to the east or rather southeast
of Chilhowee mountain, through which the line. reported upon, if continued beyond it, will pass, for fifty or sixty miles is an entire bed or ledge after ledge of mountains, that is, until it intersects the line which is to be extended south from the north boundary of North
Carolina, near which no settlements can be formed; hence I conelude it will not be essential to extend it. That which the line reported on will intersect, if continued, meaning that which runs south from the north -boundary of North Carolina, I caused to be run, and marked about sixty miles from the mouth of M'Namee's creek to Rutherford's war trace, by Mr. Joseph Harden, in the course of last winter.' Harden did not run north, as required by
the treaty of Holston, but south, according to the treaty of Hopewell." The writer then states certain parts of the line, which, in
his opinion, need not be run. In a letter from-Governor Blount to the Secretary of War, (1 Ame-
rican State Papers, Indian Affairs, 629,) dated July 15th, 1.791, in reference to the treaty of Holston, concluded the 2d of the same month, says, " According to my instructions, I proposed that the ridge dividing the waters of Tennessee 'from those of Little river,
should form a part of the boundary; but the Indians would not agree to it, but insisted on a straight line which should cross the Holston where that ridge should strike it; and were so firmly fixed in their determination, that I could not prevail on them to agree to any other." And in another letter from Governor Blount to the Secretary,. (same page,) dated 2d March 1792, he says, "I can't help remarking, that I proposed at the treaty that the ridge should be the line. You will recollect that I was so instructed ; and the chiefs were unanimously opposed to it, saying it should be a straight line; and that it was an evidence that my heart was not straight that I wanted a crooked line. The difficulty will be-in running the line to ascertain where the ridge that divides the waters of Little river and Tennessee will strike the Holston; for, it seems, the white people

8

SUPRIEME COURT.

[Lattimer et al. vs. Poteet.3
cannot agree upon' it-a circumstance unknown to me at the time the Indians proposed it; but from the best information I can obtain, I am induced to believe it will prove to be lower down than they expected; and, in that case, it is my opinion that the words of the treaty ought not to be so strictly adhered to as to give them any great degree of dissatisfaction." In his answer of 22d April, 1792, the Secretary of War says, "I am commanded by the President of the United States, to whom your letters'are constantly submitted, to say, with respect to your remarks upon the line at Little river, that you will be pleased to make a liberal construction of that article, so as to render it entirely satisfactory to the Indians, and at ,the same time as consistently as may be with thetreaty." ,
On the 2d October, 1798, the treaty of Tellico was entered into, which contained the following preamble: "Whereas the treaty made and concluded on Holston river, on the 2d of July, 1791, between the United States and ,- cherokee nation of Indians, had not been carried into execution for some time thereafter, by reason of some misunderstanding which had arisen; and whereas, in order to remove such misunderstanding, and to provide for carrying the said treaty into effect, and for re-establishing more fully the peace and friendship between the parties, another treaty was held, made and concluded, by and between them, at Philadelphia, the 26th of June, 1794; in which, among other things, it was stipulated that the boundaries mentioned in the fourth article of'the said treaty of Holston should be actually ascertained and marked, in the manner prescribed by the said article, whenever the Cherokee nation should have ninety days' notice of the time and place at which the commissioners of the United States intended to commence their operations: and whereas further delays in carryiig the said fourth article into complete effect did take place, so that the boundaries mentioned and described were not regularly ascertained and marked iintil the latter part of the year 17.97; before which time, and for want of knowing the direct course of said boundary, divers settlements were made by 'citizens of the United States upon the Indian lands, over and beyond the boundaries so mentioned and described in the said article, and contrary to the intention of the said treaties; but which settlers were removed from the said Indian lands, by authority of the United States, as soon after the boundaries had been so'lawfully ascertained and marked as the nature of the case ha& admitted."
The fourth article declares, "In acknowledgment for the protection of the United States, and for the considerations hereafter expressed and contained, the Cherokee nation agrees; and does hereby -relinquish and cede to the United States, all the lands within the following points and lines, viz. from a point onthe Tennessee river, below Tellico blockhouse, called the Wildcat Rock, in a direct line to the Militiv Spring, near the Maryville road leading from Tellico. From'the said spring to the Chilhowee mountain, by a line so to be run as will leave all the farms on Nine-mile creek to the northward .ndeastward of it; and to be continued along Chilhowee mountain

JANUARY TERM, 1840
[Lattimer et al. vs. Poteet.]
until it strikes Hawkins' line. Thence along the said line to the Great Iron mountain; and from the top of which a line to be continued in a southeasterly course to where the-most southerly branch of the Little river crosses the. divisional line to Tugalo river i and from the place of beginning, at the Wildcat Rock, down to the northeast margin of the Tennessee river, (not including islands,) to a point or place one mile above the junction of that river with the Clinch; and'from thence by a line to be drawn, in a rightangle, until it intersects Hawkins' line leading from Clinch. Thence down the said line to the river Clinch; thence up the said river to its junction with Emmery's river; and thence up Emmery's river to the foot of'Cumberland mountain, &c."
The 5th article provided that this line should be run and marked under the superintendence of commissioners appointed by both parties; and that maps should be pnade, one of which was to be deposited in the War Office.
The Indian boundary established by the treaty of Holston calls for certain lines and natural objects, which, it would seem, give as
much certainty to a boundary as could well be given, short of a marked line or water course.
It was to begin at the top ,of the Currahee mountain, where the Creek lihe passe it. This mountain is in the state of Georgia, and is designated on the maps of that state; and " ,where the Creek line passes it," i's easily ascertained. From this point the line was to run direct to Tugalo river, an object well known, and marked on the
maps; thence north-east to the Occunna mountain, and over the the same along the South Carolina Indian boundary, to the North Carolina boundary. This mountain is designated on the map, and the boundaries called for, being established, were known. From the North Carolina southern boundary, the line was to run north to a point, from which a line is to be extended to the river Clinch, that shall pass:the Rolston at the ridge'which divides the waters running into Little river from those runninginto the Tennessee.
The point at which the line shall strike the Holston, at the ridge, not being certain, gave rise to some controversy shortly after the date of thetreaty. The commissioners appointed to run the line in 1792, found that by tracing the ridge, it led to the junction of the Holston and Ten, nessee rivers; and consequently, if the termination of the ridge was t'he place, within the meaning of the treaty, where the line should cross, it must cross the Holston at its mouth. But that this was not the construction given to the treaty by the parties to it is clear, from the letters of Governor Blount, wjio negotiated it, to the Secretary of War. The same day the treaty was concluded, he writes:, I have concluded a treaty which includes all the white settlers, except those south of the ridge dividing the waters of. Little river from those of. Tennessee. And again, July 1,5th, 1791, he says, "I proposed that the ridge dividing the waters of Tennessee from those-of Little river should form a part of the boundary; but the Indians Vould not agree to it; and were so, firmly fixed in their determinatioi), that I
2

SUPREME COURT.
[ILattimer et al. vs. Poteet.]
could not prevail on them to agree to any other., This line is not so limited, as to the point at which it shall leave the north line, or at which itshall strike the Clinch, but that it may be so run as either to include or leave out the settlers sotith of the ridge ; the only stipulations respecting it are, that it shall cross the Holston at the ridge." And again, in a letter of 2d March, 1792, "I can't help remarking, that I proposed at the treaty that the ridge should be the line. You will recollect that I was so instructed, and the chiefs were unaninously opposed to it, saying it should be a straight line." Aind he says that "the ridge will strike the Holston lower down than was expected ; and, in that case, it is my opinion that the words of the treaty ought not to be so strictly adhered to, as to give them any great degree of dissatisfaction." In his answer, the Secretary of War says, by command: of the President, "Youi will make a liberal construction of that article, so as to render it entirely satisfactory to the Indians." The Indians remonstrated, and ,required the white settlers south of the ridge to be removed.
In the talk of the President, dated 27th August, 1798, to the Cherokees, which was sent to them preparatory t the treaty of Tellico, he says, if was expected that the Holston treaty line would have included a great proportion of the frontier white settlers, but it proved otherwise when the line was run. The words, "shall passthe Holston at the ridge which divides the wAtersrunnibg into Little river from those running into the Tennessee," do not necessarily imply that the line shall cross the Holston at the point where the ridge terminates. Little river falls into the Holstgn, and the general course of the ridge would strike the Holston some distance above its mouth. And when we consider that the Indians refused to make the ridge the bouthdary, and would agree to no other than a straight line; and that.:neither Party seems to h'ave considered the place of crossing at the mouth of the Holston, we think, in the language of the President, through the Secretary of War, "that a liberal construction of this clause of the treaty should bei given."
But it is unnecessary to consider the correspondence of Governor Blount, the report of the commissioners of 1792, or the words of this article of the treaty, with the view to give to it a satisfactory construction ; as the parties ihthe treaty near Tellico have given to it a practical construction.
In this treaty, the parties say, that for certain causes enumerated, the boundaries mentioned and described in the fourth article of the treaty of Holston, "were not regularly ascertained and marked until the latter part of the year 1797."
The second article provides, that the treaties subsisting between the present contracting parties, are acknowledged toibe of full and operating force; together with the construction nd usage under their respective articles, and so to continue. And ini the third article it is declared, that the limits and boundaries of the 'Cherokee nation, as stipulated and 'marked by the existing treaties between the parties, shall be and remain the same, where not altered by the present treaty.

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

11

[Lattimer et al. vs. Poteet.]
The object of the government in entering into this treaty was, to purchase the Indian territory, into which white settlers had intruded,
at ard near Nine Mile creek, and perhaps at other places. The line established was run and marked, and we have the original map, or a copy of the survey, before us, which was returned to the' War
Department. That this purchase was of territory not included in the boundaries
of the Holston treaty, will not be disputed. And, from the language of the third #rticle, it is clear, that the parties did not intend to
establish an entirely new boundary, but to make such alterations of the Holston boundary as should secure the object of the United
States. The land lying southwest of the Holston boundary belonged to
the Indians ; and it was. a part of this land that was purchased by the treaty of Tellico. Of course, this purchase extended from the Holston treaty line southerly. For no one can suppose that a strip of Indian land would be left between the treaty lines of Holston, and Tellico. The facts go clearly to show, that the Tellico purchase was up to the Holston line, and that the part of that line to which
the purchase did not extend, was designated ; and the point where the Tellico line varied from it, so as to include the lands purchased, is marked on the map. And .Lhis shows the propriety of the language used in the third article of the Tellico treaty; that' "the boundaries should remain the same as established by existing trea-
ties, where not altered by the present treaty." The line of this treaty was to begin "at the Wildcat Rock, in a
direct line to the Militia Spring, near the Maryville road, leadiig ·from Tellico. From the said spring to the Chilhowee mountain, by a line so to be run as will leave all the farms on Nine Mile creek to the northward and eastward of it ; and to be continued along Chil-
howee mountain until it strikes Hawkins' line." This line is laid down on the map, and although it is not called the southern boundary of the Holston freaty, yet it is recognised as the northern boundary of the territory purchased; and consequently must be the Holston boundary. Hawkins' line extends from Clinch, crossing the Holston some miles abo e its mouth, and runs between the waters of Little river and those of the Tennessee, as appears from the map, and continues until it reach9s the summit of the Great Iron mountain. At this point a monumeat is erected; but if the line were extended beyond this easterly, it was not, probably, marked; and it is not laid down 6n the p!at. Ifis probable that the original survey of this line was destroyed when the War Office was burnt, in 1800.
From the Wildcat Rock, the Tellico treaty calls "to run down the northeast margin of the Tennessee river, to a point or place one mile abbve the junction of that river with the Clinch; and from thence by a line to be drawn in a right angle until it intersects
Hawkins' line leading from Clinch." Here is another recognition of this line as the northern boundary of the Indian lands; and consequently, the line established by the Holstoh iraty.

SUPREME COURT.
ELattimer et a]. va. Pteet.]
And the Tellico treaty calls again, after striking Hawkins' line, by running near Nine Mile creek, and along Chilhowee mountain, to run with it to the top of the Great Iron mountain. From this point the new treaty line va:ries from 'adirect course, and continues "southeasterly to whbre the most southeasterly branch of Little river crosses the divisional line to Tugalo river."
It is only -necessary to compare the course and objects here designated with the southeastern 'calls of the Holston treaty lige, to see hat the Tellico line includes a large tract of country not included by the Holston line. The Holston line, after striking the Tugalo river, runs northeast to the Occunna mountain, and over.the same along the Souh Carolina Indian boundary, continuing a northeasterly direction, until it strikesthe North Carolina boundary; thence north to a point which shall intersect a line to be extended from the river Clinch, that shall pass the Holston at the ridge.
The Tellico line. runs southeasterly, until it strikes the divisionat line to Tugalo river. The Holston line calls to ruin along this divisional line, northeasterly; so that from this point these lines diverge until the Holston line shall reach the point of connection with the line drawn from the Clinch.
These boundaries, from the point of intersection on the top of the
Great Iron mountain to the point of intersection.on the South Carolina Indiar boundary, include a large tract of country. And this tract, with the one designated by Hawkins' line, the Tennessee Nine Mile creek, and the Clinch, &c., constituted the territory purchased by the Tellico treaty.
This recognition of'Hawkins' line as the Indian boundary, was in 1798, only eight years after the boundary was established by the treaty of Holston, and one year after the line is declared to have been -run and maiked. The facts in regard to this line were recent, and of course fresh in the recollection of the contracting parties. It was a matter about which they could not be mistaken. They .ay'the Holston line was not run and marked until the latter part qf the year 1797, and the United States purchase the Indian lands 4p to Hawkins! line. It is true, this line is not in terms said to be
the boundary established by the Holston treaty, but in the most solemn form it is recognised to be the boundary of the Indian' lands,
by purchasing those lands up to it; and by tracing it as-the boundary, beyond the purchase on Nine Mile creek, to the top of the Great Iron mountain. It could then be no other than the Holston treaty line, for in that part of the country there was no other Indian
boundary before the treaty of Tellico. Whatever doubt may have existed as to Hawkins' line-being the
true Indian boundary, independently of this treaty; thre would seem to be no ground for doubt under the recognitions-of that line in this treaty.
It is contended that the Holston line should run irom the Clinch, crossing the Holston river at its mouth, and continue on in the same direction, until it shall strike the North Carolinaboundary.

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

13

[Lattimer bt al. vs. Poteet]
This would -not only disregard the solemn acts and recognitions of the parties to the Holston. treaty, in forming the treaty of Tellico-; but it -would also disregard the language of the former treaty. It calls for a line running north, from North Car'olina boundary, to -a point that shall intersect a line drawn from the Clinch, crossing the Holston at the ridge. This call to run north, by this constructioh, is wholly disregarded., And on what ground is this construction attempted to be maintained ?
The' answer must be, simply on the call for the line to cross the Holston river at the ridge. A call in itself somewhat indefinite, and which was never construed by the Indians to mean the, mouth of. the Holston: nor was such a construction insisted on by the United States, either at the time the -treaty was concluded or afterwards.
The Hopewell treaty line, in running a southerly course, strikes the northern boundary of North Carolina, near Nalichuchey, and extends south to the North Carolina line, and thence to the South Carolina Indian boundary.
From a point in the Hopewell line, near where it strikes the southern boundary of North Carolina, a lne seems to have been run by General Pickens, north seventy-six west tothe state road leading from Ashville to Clayton, in Georgia. But this line has no connection with any other, and'does not appear to have been regarded, eithgr by the United States or the Indians, as any part of the line established -by the Holston treaty. It was certainly not run agreeably to the treaty.
The evidence establishes very satisfactorily, that Hawkins' line, so far as it goes, is the boundary of the Holston treaty; and it is very clear, from the language of the treaty, that from the Clinch, crossing the Holton river at the ridge to the point at which this line will intersect a line run north from the southern boundary of North 'Carolina, a straight line was intended. Of this no doubt can exist; and it is only necessary to extend Hawkins' line from the top of the Great Iron mountain eastward to the point where it shall intersect a line run north from the,place where the South Carolina Indian boundary strikes the -southern boundary of North Carolina. This, we feel authorized to say, from the evidence before us, constitutes the boundary of the Holston treaty.
It is argued; that it was not in the power of the United States and the Cherokee nation, by the treaty of Tellico in 1798j to vary in any degree the treaty line of Holston; so as to affect private rights, or the rights of North Carolina.
The answer to this is, that the Tellico treaty does not purport to alter the boundary of the Holston treaty, but by the acts of the parties, this boundary is recognised, Not that a new boundary was substituted, but that the old one was substantially designated.
Will any one deny that the parties to the treaty are competent to determine any dispute respecting. its limits. In what mode can a controversy of this nature be so satisfactorily determine'd as by the contracting parties. If their language in the treaty be wholly in-
VOL. XIV.-B

SUPREME COURT.
(Lattimer et al. vs. Poteet.]
definite, or the natural objects called for are uncertain or contradictory, there is no. powdr but that which formed the treaty which can remedy such defects. And it is a sound principle of national law, and applies to the treaty-making power of this govenment, whether exercised with a foreign nation or an Indian tribe, that all questions of disputed boundaries may be settled by the parties to the treaty. And to the exercise of these high -functions by the government, within its constitutional powers, neither the rights of a state nor those of an individual can be interposed. We think it was in the due exercise of the powers of the executive and the Cherokee nation, in concluding the treaty of Tellico, to recognise in terms, or by acts, the boundary of the Holston treaty.
It is agreed, that if Hawkins' line shall be extended as the Holston treaty line, the land in controversy lies within the Indian country. And we are now to consider whether, in this view, the entry and patent are void. .The Indian title being only a right of occupancy, the state of North Carolina had the power to grant the fee in the lands, subject to this right. The land was entered in 1795, and patented the 20th July, 1796.
By the fifth section of the act of North Carolina, for opening th land office for the redemption of specie and other certificates, and discharging the arrears due to the army, passed in 1783, it is provided, "That the Cherokee Indians shall enjoy all the lands lying within certain bounds, forever." And the sixth section provides, "That no person shall enter and survey any lands within the bounds set apart for the said Cherokee Indians, under the penalty of fifty pounds specie for every such entry so made, to be recovered in any Court of law in this state, &c.; and all such entries and grants thereupon, if any should be made, shall be utterly void."
In 1784, (North Carolina Laws, 482, ch. 14,) the above act was amended, by authorizing the appointment of three surveyors, viz.: "One to survey those lands. that lie between the bQunds hereafter described for the surveyor of Green county, and Cumberland mountain; one to survey the lands that lie between the Cumberland mountain and the river Tennessee; and one to survey the lands that lie between the Tennessee and the Mississippi river."
The boundaries here described cover the land reserved by the act of 1783, for the Cherokee Indians; but there is no express repeal of the fifth and sixth sections of that act; and as the act of 1784 cap. operate upon lands not reserved in the above sections, they cannot be held to have been repealed by implication. The Supreme Court of North Carolina has decided in several cases, that the above sections remained in force; and that the entries and grants made for lands within the territory described, before the Indian title was extinguished, were void. 1 Murphy, 162, 164. Con. Rep. 4-34. 2 N. Carolina Law Repository, 451. 3 Hawks. 163.
We come now to examine the exceptions of the plaintiffs in the Circuit Court; and having considered and decided the controverted points, it will not be necessary to examine the exceptions in detail.

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

15

[Lattirner et al. vs. Poteet.]
The first exception was fo the refusal of the Court to instruct the jury that the sixth section in the above act of 1783, had been repealed: and we think the Court did not'err in refusing to give the instruction.
The second instruction asked was, "that the treaty line of Holston ought to run with the South Carolina Indian boundary, called for in the treaty of Hopewell, made on the 28th of November, 1786, until it should reach the termination of the line described in that treaty, running from the North Carolina, boundary to the South Carolina. Indian boundary; and on reaching that line, should then run with the same reversed to the North Carolina boundary ;" which instruction was not given.
Some doubt arises from the structure of this instruction, whether the reversed line referred to is the Hopewell treaty line, or the South Carolina Indian boundary. From the maps, the latter line strikes the southern bouidary of North Carolina, and from the language of the Holston treaty, this fact seems to have been within the knowledge of the parties. The call is to run "along the South Carolina
Indian boundary, to the North' Carolina boundary." In the Hopewell treaty line, the southern boundary of North Caro-
lina is not named, but the northern; from which the line runs to the South Carolina Indian boundary. Now the instruction must have referred to the southern boundary of North Carolina; and if the Indian boundary strikes this line, it is difficult to perceive what application to the facts the instruction would have.. But if the instruction referred to the Hopewell treaty line, it was not called for in the Holstorf treaty; and under the circumstances of the case, we are not prepared to say that there was error in refusing to give the
instruction. And we think there was no error in refusing to give the third,
fourth, and fifth instructions prayed by the plaintiffs' counsel. Nor do we perceive any error of which the plaintiffs can complain, in the first, second, third, fourth, fifth, and sixth instructions given by the Circuit Court, on the prayer of the defendant.
The judgment of the Circuit Court is affirmed.

Mr. Chief Justice TANEY.
I agree with the majority of the Court in affirming these judgments; but I dissent from some of the principles upon which they
have founded their opinion. The Court (as I understand the opinion) consider Hawkins' line
to be the established boundary line of the treaty of Holston; they ihink it is recognised as such in the subsequent treaty of Tellico; and that being thus recognised by the political department of the government, the Court (according tothe principles deduced in Garcia vs. Lee and Foster, and Elam vs. Nielson) must also regard it as the true boundary line; and must treat it as such from the date of the treaty of Holston, in any question of property that may come
before them. If the legislative or executive departments of the government, by

SUPREME COURT.
[Lattimer et at. vs. Pot~et,]
any clear and unequivocal act, had declared Hawkins' line to be the true line of the treaty of Holston, I should concur with the majority of this Court. But I do not find any act of that description.by any department of the government. In the cases of Foster and Elam vs. Neilson, and of Garcia vs. Lee, an act of Congress had been passed describing particularly the boundary line-therein mentioned, and declaring it to be the true line of that treaty. But in this case we have no act of the legislative or executive departments of the government, recognising the line run by. Hawkins as the treaty line. It is true that in the subsequent treaty of Tellico, the
parties, in describing the boundaries of this new treaty, call, upon two occasions, for Hawkins' line, and upon both of them run some, distance with it. But there is no expression in ,this treaty which recognises the line thus called for as the boundary line.Qf the treaty of Holston. It is mentioned and referred to merely as a known point, like other places called for in this treaty; and the lines spoken of, are run with, merely as known lines. But so far from declaring it to be the boundary line described in the treaty of Holston, the treaty of Tellico does not even say that it was run, by Hawkins as the boundary; nor is it described as having any connexion whatever with the treaty of Holston. It is called for as a line known in the country, and which on some occasion or other had been run by Hawkins; but when run, or for what purpose, cannot be gathered from any expressions in the' treaty of Tellico. We know, indeed, from public historical documents, that Hawkins' line is one of the many efforts that were made to fix a certain boundary between North Carolina and the Cherokee Indians, from the vague and imperfect descriptions contained in the treaty of Holston. Other lines
were' run for this purpose besides that of Hawkins. And we have no evidence that Hawkins' line, or any other line was ever acknowledged, either by the Cherokees or the United States, as the correct one, unless the expressions in the treaty of Tellico are deemed to be sufficient for that purpose. The treaty of Holston was made in 1791 ; the treaty of Tellico in 1798 : and the last mentioned treaty
recites that delays had taken place in carrying the former into effect, so that the boundaries were not regularly ascertained and marked, until the latter part of the year 1797. But the treaty of Tellico gives no description of the marks or of the boundaries thus ascertained;
nor does it siate by whom the lines were run, or the boundaries ascertained and marked. I cannot think that this recital, and the calls before mentioned for Hawkins' line, are sufficient of themselves to establish as a matter of law, that this line is the true boundary of the treaty of Holston; and I must dissent from that part of the opinion of the Court which holds that doctrine. At the trial of this case in the Circuit Court, the jury were instructed, "that the treaty of Tellico is an admission by the parties that the line of the treaty of Holston has been ascertained and marked; and furnishes strong evidence that the lands reserved to the Cherokees by the treaty of Tellico were reserved by the treaty of Holston, but does not estab-

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

17

fLattimer et al. vs. Poteet.]
lish the lines of Pickens and Hawkins, if erroneous in fact i I concur entirely in this opinion of the Circuit Court,: and as I perceive nothing in the other instructions of that Court, as stated in the exception, of which the: plaintiff has a right to complain, I agree with a majority of my brethren in affirming its judgment.

Mr. Justice WAY1E dissented.

Mr. Justice CATRON.

1 think the treaty of Tellico did not settle the line of the treaty of

Holston, from the Holston river to the top of the Iron mountain;

and certainly not cast of the Iron mountain. So that it must now

be extended in a direct course, and as a unit, to the line of intersec-

tion, running north froth the North Carolina line.

The land in controversy was granted before Hawkins' line was

run; and which was not marked in execution of the treaty of Hol-

ston ; no one pretends it was; the Indians were not present, which

was indispensable to give binding validity to the line. To say' it was conclusive on one of the contracting parties, the

United States, and void as tothe other, the Cherokees, at the time

it was run and marked, would be a most harsh assumption in regard

to those whd acquired titles before it was run ;' admitting, that the

contracting parties had the power afterwards to settle its position,

but, which they never saw proper to do. The truth is not open to

question, that the Holston treaty line never was ascertained south-

east of the Iron mountain ; and with due deference to the opinion

of others, I think not west of it, in execution of, and in conformity

to, the treaty. Why Hawkins' line was r'un, the history of our rela-

tions with the Cherokees does not with any distinctness show. From

personal position, I. happen to know, through those who lived at that date, and by reputation, that it was run to fix some line beyond

which it was intended the white population should not be permitted

to obtrude, further than they had done at the ,time the line was

marked, extending to a few settlers on Nine Mile creek. But that

Hawkins' line was run as a conclusive boundary in execution of the

treaty of Holston, of.1791, or for any further purpose than to hold

the whites .in check, for the sake of peace and convenience, it is im-

possible to affirm as a matter of history; and as such it must be

affirmed, there not being any evidence in this cause.

I repeat: The lanrd in controversy was granted before this line

was run; Hawkins' ceased running far west of where the land is

situated ; on the east a line was run and marked by Pickens, which,

when marked, was as authentic as that marked by Hawkins, for

any thing we know; the object of each line no doubt was the same:

neither concluding the Cherokees previous to the treaty ofTellico;

which treaty superseded the necessity of ascertaining and marking

the true line of the treaty of Holston, from the point east, from where Hawkins' ceased running. From this point, (the top of the

Iron mountain,) it continues a line not fixed by the contracting par-

B2

3

SUPREME COURT,
[Lattimer et al. vs. Poteet.]
ties; anct the United States and Cherokees having ceased to have any interest in its ascertainment after the treaty of Tellico was made,
North Carolina had the right to ascertain and settle it for herself,. according to some one construction of the treaty of 1791 ; and by which her grantees should be bound, if so settled :,or, she may have recognised Pickens' as the true line of the treaty; if so, I think the state and her grantees bound by the recognition: so this Court held in Patterson vs. Jenks, 2 Peters, in 'a similar case; and for reasons manifestly just. Truly, Pickens' line must be proved to'be in conformity to some ong construction of the treaty; and that it is in confornity to the most favourable construction for North Carolina, there can be little doubt.,
T5 extend H'awkins' line eastwardly as the true boundary of the treaty of Holston, will manifestly tend to disturb titles made in reference to another line; as it will (when extended) split Buncombe county, long settled, almost in the centre.
I do not, therefore, find myself capable of concurring with the majority of the Court in its extension.
Again : If North Carolina has construed this treaty, and for herself settled this boundary, by her srbsequent acts manifesting her understanding of it, I should -not hesitate to adopt that construction, unless in violation of the plain terms Of the treaty : I use the language holden by this Court in Patterson vs. Jenks, 2 Peters, 231. But the misfortune is, the bill of exceptions sets forth not a single fact; and the correctness of the instructions of the Court below cannot therefore be tested by the evidence given on the trial ; whether they are right or wrong, it is imp6ssible for me to say ; they may have been mere abstractions, especially as to the main fact, whether or not North Carolina had by her acts fixed a boundary for herself, be it Pickens' line or another. It follows, I feel bound to concur with a majority of the Court, ii affirming the judgment, on the presumption that the instructions were proper.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of' the -Unted States for the-District of North Carolina, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this Court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed, with costs.

448

SUPREME COURT.

THE PHILADELPHIA AND TRENTON RAILROAD COMPANY, 'PLAIN-
TIFFS IN ERROR, VS. JAMES STIMPSON, DEFENDANT IN .ERROR.
Action for the violation of a patent right, granted to the patentee for "a new and useful improvement in turning short curves on railroads."
On the 26th September, 1835, a second patent was granted, the original patent, granted in 1831, having been surrendered and cancelled on account of a defective specification; the second patent being for fourteen years from the date of the original patent. The second patent was in the precise form of the original, except the recital of the fact, that the former patent was cancelled " on account 6f a defective specification," and the statement of the time the second patent was to begin to 'run. It was objected that the second patent should not be admitted in evidence on the trial of the case, because~it did not contain any recitalJ that the prerequisites of the act of Congress of 1836,' authorizing the renewal of patents, had been complied with. Held: that this objection cannot; in point of law, be maintained. The patent was issued under the great seal of the United States, and is signed by the President, and countersigned by the Secretary of State. It is a presumption of law, that all public officers, and especially such high functionaries, perform their proper official duties, until the contrary is proved. Where an act is to be done, or patent granted upon evidence and proofs to be laid before a public officer, upon which he is to decide, the fact that he has done the act, in granting the patent, is prima facie evidence that the proofs have been regularly made, and were satisfactory. No other tribunal is at liberty to re-examine or controvert the sufficiency of such proofs; when the law has made the officer the proper judge of their sufficiency
and*competency. Patents for lands, equally with patents for inventions, have, in Courts of justice, been
deemed prima facie evidence that they have been regularly granted, whenever they have been produced under the great seal of the. government, without any recitals or proofs that the prerequisites of the acts under which they have been issued have been duly observed. In cases of patents, the United States have gone one step further; and as the patentee is required to make oath that he is the true inventor, before he can obtain a patent, the patent has been deemed prima facie evidence that be has made the invention. It is incumbent on those who seek to show that the examination of a witnes has been improperly rejected, to establish their right to have the evidence admitted ; for the Court wil be presumed to have acted correctly, until the contrary is established. To entitle a party to examine a witness in a patent dause, the purpose of whose testimony is to disprove the right of the patentee to the invention, by showing its use prior to the patent by others, the provisions of the patent act of 1836, relative to notice, must be strictly complied with. It is incumbent on those who insist upon the right to lut particular questions to a witness, to establish that right beyond any reasonable doubt,-for the very purpose stated by them; and they are not afterwards at liberty to desert that purpose, and to show the pertinency or relevancy of the evidence for any other purpose not then suggested to the Court. A party has no right to cross-examine any witness, except as to facts and circumstances connected with the matters stated in his direct examination. If he wislhes to examine
him on other matters, he must do so by malting the witness his dwn ; and calling him as such, in the subsequent progress of the cause. A party cannot, by his own emission to take an objection to the admission of improper evidence, brought out on a cross-examination, found a right to introduce testimony in chief, to rebut it or explain it. Parol evidence, bearing upon written contracts and papers, ought not to be addmitted in evidence, without the production of such written contracts or papers; so as to enable both the Court and the jury to see whether or not the admission of the parol evidence in'any manner, ,wiltrlench upon the rule that parol evidence is not admissible to vary or contra-
dict written contracts or papers. As a general rule, and upon general principles, the declarations. and conversations of the
plaintiff are not admissible evidence in favour of his own rights. This is, however, but a general rule, and admits and requires various exceptions. There are many cases in which a party may show his declarations comport with acts in his own favour, as a part

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

449

[The Philadelphia and Trenton Railroad Company vs. Stimpson.]
of the Yes gesti. There are other cases in which his material declarations have been
admitted. In an action for an assault and battery and wounding, the declarations of the plaintiff to
his internal pains, aches, injuries, and symptoms, to the physician attending him, are admissible for the purpose of showing the nature and extent of the injuries done to him. In many cases of inventions, it is hardly possible in any other manner to ascertain the
precise time and exact origin of the invention. The conversations and declarations of a patentee, merely affirming that at some former
period he had invented a particular machine, may well be objected to. But his conversations and declarations, stating that he had made an invention, and describing its details, and explaining its operations, are properly deemed an assertion of his right, at that time, as an inventor, to the extent of the facts and details which he then makes known, although not of their existence at an anterior time. Such declarations, coupled with a description of the nature and objects of the invention, are to be deemed a part of the res gestae, and legitimate evidence that the invention was then known and claimed by him; and thus its origin may be fixed at least as early as that period. If the rejection of evidence is a matter resting in the sound discretion of the Court, this
cannot be assigned as error. The mode of conducting trials, the order of introducing evidence, and the times when it
is to be introduced, are properly matters belor ing to the practice of the Circuit Courts, with which the Supreme Court ought not to interfere; unless it shall chose to prescribe some fixed general rules on the subject, under the authority of the act of Congress. The Circuit Courts possess this discretion in as ample a manner as other judicial tribu-
nals. Testimony was not offered by a defendant, or stated by him as matter of defence, in the
stage of the cause when it is usually introduced according to the practice of the Court., It was offered after the defendant's counsel had stated, in open Court, that they had closed their evidence, and after the plaintiff, in consequence of that declaration, had discharged his own witness. The Circuit Court refused to admit the testimony. Hold,
that this decision was proper.

IN error from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.

At the April session of the Circuit Court, James Stimpson insti-

tuted an action against the plaintiffs in error, for the recovery of

damages, for the violation of a patent granted to him by the United

States, on the 26th day of Septembdr, 1835, for "a new and useful

improvement in the mode of turning short curves on railroads."

The case was tried on the 16th day of February, 1839; and a

verdict was rendered for the plaintiff, for the sum of four thousand

two hundred and fifty dollars. On the 6th of May, 1839, a remit-

liter was entered on the docket of the Court, for the sum of one

thousand dollars; and a judgment was entered for the plaintiff for

three thousand two hundred and fifty dollars.

On the trial of the cause, the defendants tendered a bill of ex-

ceptions to the decision of the Court, on their admitting the patent

to the plaintiff in evidence; and to other rulings of the Court in the

course of the trial. The defendants prosecuted this writ of error.

The patent granted by the United States to James Stimpson was

as follows:

"The United States of America; to all to whom these letters

patent shall come. "Whereas, James Stimpson, a citizen of the United States, bath

alleged that he has invented a new and useful improvement in the

2r2

57

450

SUPREME COURT.

[The Philadelphia and Trenton, Railroad Company vs. Stimpson.]
mode of turning sh6rt curves on railroads, for which letters patent were granted the twenty-third day of August, 1831 ; which letters being hereby cancelled' on account of a defective specification; which improvement, he states, has not been known or used before his application, hath made oath that he does verily believe that he is the true inventor or discoverer of the said improvement, hath paid into the treasury of the United States, the sum of thirty do., lars, delivered a receipt for the same, and presented a petition to the Secretary of State, signifying a desire of obtaining an exclusive property in the said improvement, and praying that a patent
may be granted for that purpose. These are, therefore, to grant according to law, to the said James Stimpson, his heirs, administrators, or assigns, for the term'of fourteen years from the twentythird day of August, 1831, the full and exclusive right and liberty of making, constructing, using, and vending to others to be used, the said improvement, a description whereof is given in the words of the said James Stimpson himself, in the schedule hereto an-
nexed." Tested at Washington, under the seal of the United States, on
the 26th day of September, 1836, by the President of the United States; and certified in the usual form by the Atlorney General of the United States.
"The schedule referred to in these letters patent, and making a part of the same," contained "a description in the words of the said James Stimpson himself, of his improvement in the mode of turning short curves on railroads, for which letters patent were grapted, dated the twenty-third day of August, 1831, which letters patent being hereby cancelled, on account of a defective specification."
The specification describes the invention with minute particularity, and concludes: "What I claim as my invention, or improve-ment, is the application of the flanches of the wheels on one side of railroad carriages, and of the treads of the wheels on the other side, to turn curves upon railways, particularly such as turning the
corners of the streets,.wharves, &c., in cities and elsewhere, operating upon the principle herein set forth."
The bill of exceptions stated, that the counsel for the plaintiff offered in evidence the patent and specification, to the admission of which in evidence, the counsel for the defendant objected ; but the objection was overruled by the Court, and the evidence was ad-
mitted. 2. The defendants offered to give in evidence, by Josiah White,
the description of a flange upon one side of the railroad cars, and the running upon the tread of the wheel upon the other side, with the flange in a groove, for the turning of curves, which he had seen in use before the date of plaintiff's patent; which was objected to
by the counsel for the plaintiff, and the objectiqun sustained by the Court. The objection of the counsel for the 'Laintitf to the introduction of the testimony of Josiah White, was founded on the ab-

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

451

[The Philadelphia and Trenton Railroad Company vs. Stimpson.]
sence of the notice required by the act of Congress of the use of the machine at Mauch Chunk; at which place, it was said, his testimony would show it had been used.
3. The third exceptiori was to the refusal of the Court to allow the defendants to introduce proof of the conversations between the patentee ,and the counsel of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, while an arrangement of a suit against the Company was made, as to the character and effects of the arrangements.
4. The counsel for the plaintiff, by rebutting evidence, to extend his claim to the ifivention prior to the time at which the defendants had. proved the reduction of the same into use and practice by others, offered to give evidence by witnesses of the conversations of the patentee on the subject of his invention at an anterior period ; which conversations were intended to show the making of the invention by the patentee, before and at the period when the same took place. The counsel for the defendants objected to the admission of this testimony; but the Court overruled the objection.
5. The fifth exception was to the refusal of th Court to admit the examination of Dr. Thomas P. Jones. The plaintiff had dis.. charged his witnesseq on the declaration of the defen4lants' counsel that they had closed their evidence. The testimony asked from Dr. Jones, was to new facts. The Court ref Ui.pd to admit the testimony, on the ground that the testimony was improper, and that it was offered too late.

The case was argued by Mr. Coxe, and Mr. Southard, for the plaintiffs in error; and by Mr. J. R. Ingersoll, for the defendant.

Mr. Coxe and Mr. Southard, on the first exception. The patent should not have been admitted in evidence. On its face it is inoperative, and invalid. It is not a patent under the act of Congress of 1793'; but it purports to be a substituted patent for one which had been surrendered. It gives to the patentee the same privileges as those which were given by the first patent. It, there.. fore, should be in strict atid exact conformity with the law of 1793, as well as with the subsequent act of Congress, authorizit g dt.e surrender of a patent for an imperfect specification, and the issue of
another. The act of 21st February, 1793, requires, by its third section, that
the applicant shall be the true inventor of the machine, &c. This is made a sine qua non to the granting the patent, and the oath of the claimant is required to this fact. This provision makes the oath necessary, before the Secretary of State has authority to grant the patent. There is no remedy, if this has been omitted.
There was no decision before the case of Morris vs. Huntington, Painie's Reports, 348, which aflirmed the right of a patentee to stirrender his patent for an erroneous or imperfect specification. After this case, Congress authorized such a surrender. Act of Congress

452

SUPREME COURT.

[The Philadelphia and Trenton Railroad Company vs. Stinpgon.]
of July 3d, 1832. By this act the cause of the surrender must be made out to the satisfaction of.the Secretary of State, when a second patent is asked for. It has been decided, that a patent is prima facie evidence of the statements on the face of the patent. This does not give any other validity to those statements; and it is not sufficient that some of the requirements of the act of Congress are stated. All must be set forth, and an averment must-be made that every thing has been done. There is no halting point. Those requirements exist as to any patent granted after the surrender of a patent. The errors or imperfections in the specification, on which the surrender has been made, should be stated. Grant vs. Raymond, 6 Peters, 218. In the case cited, there was a recital of the surrender of the patent, and the cause of its surrender.
There is in the patent which was before the Circuit Court, no recital of the imperfections of the first specification; no -Illegation that there was no fraud in the transaction. There is nothing shown but the gratuitous act of the officer in granting the second patent. And yet all the prerequisites to the granting of a second patent should appear in it, as welt as be of record in the patent office.
Without these essential features in a patent given on the surrender of a previous one for the same invention, it camiot be read in evi-
dence to a jury. The requirements in both the acts of Congress of 1792, and 1832, must appear in it. If all those matters are not shown,;
the second patent stands as a new patent : and by allowing it to be given in evidence, the Court altogether disregard the law. If the patent, in this imperfect form, is admitted as prima facie proof, all the burden of contradicting it is thrown on the opposite party. Cited, on ihese points, Shaw vs. Cooper, 7 Peters, 245.
In support of the second exception, the counsel contended that .the notice given was sufficient to authorize the introduction of the testimoary of 'Josiah White. Cited, on this point, Evans vs. Eaton, Peters' C. C. R. 322. Wheat. Rep. S. C. The notice would have been'sufficient under the act of Congress of 1793, and why not
under the act of July 3d, 1836 ? The objection to the introduction of the evidence by the Counsel
for the -defendants, which was sustained by the Court, and which is the subject of the defendants' third exception, was well- taken. It was in the power of the plaintiff to have produced his contract with the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, and have rendered this evidence unnecessary. He did not do so.
As to the fourth exception. It is admitted, that it was the right of the plaintiff to prove, by iegal rebutting evidence, that the invention made by him, and for which he heid the liatent, was in use before the period in which the defendant had proved the invention by him. But Ihis evidence could not be given, by showing the conversations of the plaintiff on the subject of the invention before the date of the first patent.
Conversations on the subject of an invention are not the inven-

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

453

[The Philadelphia and Trenton Railroad Company v8. Stimpson.]

tion; nor are the ideas of the invention, its actual development.
There must be an application of the thought, in the construction of the machine.
This is an attempt to give the declarations of a party in evi-
dence, after the actual occurrence of the transaction. No declaration of a person that he intended to take, out a patent, could be given in evidence. Cited, on this point, 1 Wheat. Rep. 313. 10 Sarg. and Rawle, 27. 5 Serg. and Rawle, 295. Roscoe on Evidence, 21. 4 Washington C. C. R. 58. 5 Mason, 6. 1 Gallis, C. C. R. 438.
As to the fifth exception, the counsel contended, that the evidence of Dr. Jones was rebutting evidence, and was regular; as it was offered to meet and to disprove the plaintiff's declarations, which the Court had admitted as testimony.

Mr. Ingersoll, for the defendants in error. 1. The objection to the certificate of the Secretary of State should
apply rather to the effect than the admissibility of the document. That officer is authorized by law to issue patents, and the presumption is, that he has done so rightfully. Possession of the document
does not affect the intrinsic rights of any one. Every question of merit is still open. It enables the- patentee to sue; but it neither soethcuerress fhroimm incotnhteesetinnjgoytmheent of the alleged invention, nor precludes
validity of his claims. In the different
cases cited, the patent appears to have been received in evidence exactly in the form now exhibited, although it ihay have availed
nothing to the plaintiff afterwards. Sullivan vs. Redfield, 1 Paine, 447: " The patent is prima facie
evidence of the right." The Margaretta, 2 Gall. 519: Remission, though not valid, was given in evidence. See also Bingham vs. Cabot, 3 Dall. 19. Bell vs. Morrison, 1 Peters, 355. Keene vs. Meade, 3 Peters, 6. The United States vs. Liddle, 2 Wash. C. C.
Rep. 205. 2. The testimony of Josiah White would have been admitted under
the sixth section of the law of 1793. But the fifteenth (or corresponding) section of the law of 1836, requires notice of place, person, and residence. As the law previously stood, great injustice might have been done, unless the Court had construed it-so as to invest
the judge with power to prevent the plaintiff from being taken by surprise. Evans vs. Eaton, 3 Wheat. 505. The law now wisely anticipates the necessity for an exercise of judicial discretion and possible delay; apd requires notice of the place where the improvement is supposed by a defendant to have been previously used. This was not given, and the testimony was necessarily rejected.
3. Although, in truth, the offer to examine Mr. Latrobe upon certain points was not rejected by the Court, but withdrawn by the counsel, yet as it appears by the record to have been a point decided, Twill submit to treat it accordingly. The testimony would no doubt have been rejected if the offer had been persisted in, and the delay

454

SUPREME COURT.

(The-Philadelphia and Trenton Railroad Company vs. Stimpson.]
that would be Yequisite to put the record right would be deeply injurious to my client.
(1.) The inquiries suggested for the witness are impracticable, and they lead to impracticable results. The inquiry refers to a "negotiation," "arrangement," and "settlement." It asserts the fact that a "grant" or "contract," was made. Negotiation is the necessary preliminary to a contract, is absorbed in it, and forms a part of it. How can you separate them ? Out of one identified existence, two things are to be made, essentially distinct from each other. That is
impossible. (2.) The inquiries are irrelative. The arrangement contemplated
was res inter alios acta. The plaintiffs in error were altogether strangers to it. Many inducements may lead to a settlement with one person which wouild not render it desirable with another. If it were not that Ross Winans had previously been cross-examined by the- counsel for the plaintiffs in the Circuit Court, to the point of settlement with the Baltimore and Ohio Company, no pretence for the inquiry would exist. If that was wrong, this will not make it right. It was not objected to. If not strictly cross-examination, we had no right to resort to it. Ellmaker vs. Buckley, 16 Serg. and Rawle. If it was regular cross-examination, it cannot justify the proposed irregularity. But we were bound to put the witness on
his guard as to a'collateral fact which might impeach his testimony. Rule in the Queen's case.
(3.) The object attempted to be proved was a mere entity; an abstraction : nothing actually done, but at best something omitted or avoided: a conclusion or construction: a contingency without a substantial thing to support it.
(4.) It was an attempt to prove by parol some known written arrangement, which was susceptible Of being produced.
4. Explanations of the patentee himself were good evidence to prove the genuineness of his claims to originality. It is necessary to understand the manner in which this testimony was produced.
Plaintiff at first simply produced his patent, and called a witnegs who proved its utility and the infringement by the defendants. Then the defendants went at large into proof of alleged priority of
invention by other persons. All of this went to show a use before the date of the plaintiff's patent. A necessity was therefore thrown upon him of proving that his invention existed, and was communicated by him to different persons at a still earlier period. No doubt
of the importance of such proof. It consisted of evidence of plaintiff's invention prior to defendants' knowledge, or the knowledge of those persons on whom they relied. To meet this particular exigency, that is, to show invention, it is difficult to conceive what can be authentic except what comes from the inventor himself. He therefore produced several individuals, who stated that lie described the improvement to them at a period 'considerably earlier than defendants had fixed for its earliest use. If he described it,he must have known it. If he knew it before any other person, he must

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

455

[The Philadelphia and Trenton Railroad Company V. Stimpnon.]
have invented it. That prior knowledge was invention; and that was the very thing to be proved.
Two objections were taken to the character of the proof: 1st. That it was derived from the plaintiff himself,; 2d. That the alleged improvement was not then brought into practical use by him. · Answer Ist. It was an invention; else not patentable: in other words, it must spring from himself. An exhibition of it must necessarily in some shape or other be his act. Whatever might be said or done by others could not be available to him. The exhibition
'night be effected by deeds, signs, or words. It matters not in what particular manner the effect is produced, but the discovery must
make manifest its paternity; and it can do so only through the medium of itsproper parent.
Thi may be done by his works-a machine constructed. Let it be produced; original, practical, perfect in all its parts. Nothing is gained by the author unless something more than all this appears, viz. authorship. However eloquent the machine may be as to its uses, it cannot speak for itself, as to its author. The nearest it can come to speech would be an inscription or label on its front: "J. S.
fecit," for example. That would at best be a written declaration. What difference
would it make that the writing, or stamping, or printing, should be in a book? That description of evidence in a sister department of the law, is conclusive of important rights. In maintaining copyrights, the writing of the party is the essence of the discovery, and the sole proof of invention or originality. If, instead of writing with
his own hand, the same author dictates to another person, cannot the' amanuensis prove the dictation, and hence the authorship ? A blind author has often given to the world the result of his genius, through the pen of another. On a question of authorship, surely the testimony of the scribe would be received as competent.
Another species of proof of invention remains, namely, oral explanation alone. Why may it hot be received? It is the very thing itself. To speak it, was to create it, if it did not already exist in thought; and if it did, it must prove it. The proof was given to counteract the allegation of earlier discovery. It produces the effect by showing that the earlier discoverers, as they are regarded, received from the plaintiff the information which enabled them to,put the, invention in use, and then attempt to deny the right of showing how the information was communicated and obtained. One of the very pieces of testimony objected to consisted of a conversation with the person who claimed to be an inventor in preference to the
plaintiff. The declarations did not stand alone; they were accompanied by
two drawings and a model. The date of the existence of these
monuments is clearly proved. The conversations became but a part of the res gestoa.
There are manyoccasions on which one's own sayings and doings
are good evidence ; in some instances the best, and in others the only

456

SUPREME COURT.

[The Philadelphia and Trenton Railroad Company vs. Stimpson.]
evidence. The present is an anomaly unless it concurs. It does not follow that the expressions of an individual are the illegal creation of testimony for himself. Such are, 1. Various kinds of declara-
tions ante litem motam; 2. When the sayings are the doings, as in cases of notice; 3. Where the expressions of an individual are the test of a given state of things, as intellect; 4. Proof of a contract, as marriage, by words de presenti; 5. Almost any other discovery or invention, not connected with the useful arts. A reward is offered for lost property: the finder informs of the finding of it: the
declarations can be proved.
Answer 2d. As to the objection that the explanations were not reduced to practice. Here, too, the objection loses sight of the fact that our evidence was not original, but merely designed to meet a
collateral issue as to the period of invention, and not exactly as to invention itself. On any ground, howev'er, the question of invention does not depend upon whether the thing has been reduced to practice, but whether it can be. Not whether it is actually practised, but practicable. Drawings, descriptions, and models are sent to the patent office. These are miniature likenesses, not the thing itself. Any other course would, in many instances, be quite impracticable. A ship, a house, a town, are often the recipients of an improvement which cannot be practically exhibited, except in connection with the vast object to which it is applied. Sometimes the reducing to practice might be destructive of life or property. A guillotine need not be rehearsed in order to prove its power.
Besides, it mighit destroy the very intention, to insist on practical exercise. It might be regarded as giving the invention to the public, and then the patent right is gone forever.
5. Thomas P. Jones was called by the defendants after all the testimony in chief, on both sides; and the plaintiff's rebutting testi-
mony also had been given, and his witnesses dismissed; and much time had been occupied in giving rebutting testimony for the defendants. The declared object was to prove that the invention described in the plaintiff's patent of 1835, was different from the invention described by him in his patent of 1831: in other words, that the patent which purported to be a mere correction of form, was in substance a totally different thing. We are struck at once with an inconsistency between this point, and the whole tenor of the defendants' case. The notice which they gave, the aim of their evidence, their great design., is to show that the thing relied on by the Plaintiff, which was patented by him in 1835, was well known and used in 1831; known to everybody, publicly, notoriously. Yet we are now told that it was not known even to the plaintiff himself; but that he found it necessary four years afterwards to desert the alleged
invention of 1831, and surreptitiously to foist in a different thing, which then became known to him for the first time. Unless this is
the true meaning of the point, it bas none. The evidence offered was original and direct. It contradicted
nothing already asserted in evidence. It was directed to a point in

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

457

[The Philadelphia and Trenton Railroad Company vs. Stimpson.]
no way collateral. It went immediately to the essential merits of the case. It was of great importance, undpubtedly. Nothing could be more conclusive against the plaintiff. Not only would it be destructive of his claim to originality; but it would prove a most audacious fraud, abortively attempted, and calculated, when detected, to deprive him of all standing in or out of Court, and to render his defeat as disgraceful as it was inevitable.
Notice of all this ought to have been given, perhaps. It is not urged, however, as an argtnent, that none was received; although it might have been calculated to take the plaintiff by surprise. But it was a fact above all others, requiring, and in its nature admitting of countervailing proof. Not a clerk in the office, probably, could
have failed to give material testimony in reply. These persons were at a distance ; and we should have been left to the question of probability, whether a man, in any extremity of impudent-fraud, would have ventured to place two totally different patents side by side in theTohfeficeev,idaesnsecretionfgfetrhedatwthaesy were in substance identical.
not the best the nature of the case admit-
ted of. Contradiction was to be proved between two written instru-
ments, with, perhaps, a model accompanying each of them. Copies would be the proper sources of illustration. Were copies not accessible? We do not know. No inquiry was made. A thousand copies may have been made before the patent office was destroyed. Plaintiff himself, no doubt, had such copies in: his possession. No notice was given to him to produce them, before this violent attempt was made to introduce secondary evidence.
To get rid of all this, the argument was that the difference was only to be inferred between the patents from adifference between the conversation and one of them. But that would rebut nothing. No person denied that plaintiff's conversations with the witnesses
he produced, were as they were sworn to be. Other conversations with other persons might show descriptions of other inventions; but they could not possibly show that the first conversations did not take place. The judge gave two reasons for rejecting the testimony. One.was, that it was offered at too late a stage of the cause. That was ruled in his sound discretion., From the exercise of that discretion there is no appeal. No attempt was made to take one. On both of his grounds he was right. But one was sufficient to cover the whole question, and it is inaccessible to review here.

Mr. Justice SToa delivered the opinion of the Court.

This is a writ of error to the judgment 'of the Circuit Court for

the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, rendered in an action brought

by Stimpson, the defendant in error, against the plaintiffs in error,

for a violation of a patent right granted to him for a new and useful

improvement in the mode of turning short curves on railroads.

A patent was originally granted to Stimpson, for the same inven-

tion, on the 23d day of August, 1831 ; and the renewed patent,

upon which the present suit is brought, was granted on the 26th of

VOL. XIV.-2 Q

58

458

SUPREME COURT.

[The Philadelphia and Trenton Railroad Company vs. Stimpson.)
September, 1835, upon the former letters patent "being cancelled on account of a defective specification ;" and the renewed patent was
for the term of fourteen years from the date of the original patent. Wita the exception of'the recital of the fact that the former letters patent were cancelled "on account of a defective specification," and the statement of the-prior date from which the renewed patent was
to begin to run, the renewed patent is in the precise form in which original patents are granted.
At the trial upon the general issue, a bill of exeeptions was taken to certain rulings of the Court upon points of evidence, to the consideration of which we shall at once proceed without any further
preface.
The first exception taken is to the admission of the renewed patent as evidence in the cause to the jury. The patent act of 1832, ch. 162, sec. 3, under which this patent was obtained, provides, that whenever any patent shall be inoperative or invalid, by reason that any of the terms or conditions prescribed by the prior acts of Congress, have not, by inadvertence, accident, or mistake, and without any fraudulent or deceptive intention, been complied with on the part of the inventor, it shall be lawful for the Secretary of State,
upon the surrender to him of suchpatent, to cause a new patent to be granted to the inventor, for the, same invention, for the residue
of the period then unexpired for which the original patent was granted, upon his compliance with the terms and conditions prescribed by the third section of the act of the 21st of February, 1793,
ch. 55.
Now, the objection is, that the present patent does not contain any recitals that the prerequisites thus stated in the act have been complied with, viz. that the error in the former patent has arisen by inadvertency, accident, or mistake, and without any fraudulent or deceptive intention; and that without such recitals, as it is the case of a special authority, the patent is a mere nullity, and inoperative. We are of opinion that the objection cannot, in point of law, be maintained. The patent was issued under the great seal of the United States, and is signed by the President. and countersigned by the Secretary of State. It is a presumption of law, that all public officers, and especially such high functionaries, perform their proper official duties until the contrary is proved. And where, as in the present case, an act is to be done, or patent granted upon evidence and proofs'to be laid before a public officer, upon which he is to decide, the fact that he has done the act or granted the patent, is prima facie evidence that the proofs have been regularly made, and were satisfactory. No other tribunal is at liberty to re-examine or controvert the sufficiency of such proofs, if )aid before him, when the law has made such officer the proper judge of their sufficiency and
competency. It is not, then, necessary for the patent to contain any recitals that the prerequisites to the grant of it have been duly complied with, for the law makes the presumption; and if, indeed, it were otherwise, the recitals would not help the case without th

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

459

[The Philadelphia and Trenton Railroad Company vs. Stimpson.]
auxiliary proof that these prerequisites had been, de facto, complied with. This has been the uniform construction, as far as we know in all our Courts of justice upon matters of this sort. Patents for lands, equally with patents for inventions, have been deemed prima facie, evidence that they were regularly granted, whenever they have-been produced under the great seal of the government; without any recitals or proofs that the prerequisites of the acts under which they have been issued have been duly observed. In cases of patents, the Courts of the United States have gone one step further, and as the patentee is required to make oath that he is the true inventor, before he can obtain a patent, the patent has been deemed prima facie evidence that he has made the invention. This objection, then, is overruled; and there was no error in the Circuit Court
in the admission of the patent. The next exception is to the refusal of the Court to allow a wit-
ness, Josiah White, to give a description of an invention which he had seen on the Mauch Chunk railroad, in 1827, which had a groove on one side, and run on the other on a flange for crossing, for the purpose of showing that the supposed invention of the plaintiff was known and in use by others, before the date of his patent. By the patent act of 1836, (which was applicable to the present point,) it is provided in the fifteenth section, that whenever the defendant relies in his defence on the fact of a previous invention,
knowledge, or use of the thing patented, he shall state in his notice of special matter to be used in his defence, the names and places of residence of those, whom he intends to prove to have possessed a prior knowledge of the thing, and where the same had been used. The object of this most salutary provision is to prevent patentees being surprised at the trial of the cause, by evidence of a nature which they could not be presumed to know, or be prepared to meet, and thereby to subject them either to most expensive delays, or to a loss of their cause. It is incumbent on those who seek to show that the examination of a witness has been improperly rejected, to establish
their right to have the evidence admitted; for the Court will be presumed to have acted correctly, until the contrary is established.
In the present case, there is no proof on the record that notice had been given according to the requirements of the statute, that White was to be a witness for the purpose above stated. Unless such notice was given, it is plain that the examination could not be rightfully had. The onus probandi is on the defendants to show it, and unless they produce the notice, the objection must fail. In point of fact, it was admitted by counsel, at the argument, that no such notice was given. In either view, then, from the admission, or from the defect of the preliminary proof of notice in the record,
the exception is not maintainable. The next exception is to the refusal of the Court to allow certain
questions to be put by the defendants to Johrk H. B. Latrobe, a witness introduced by the defendants to maintain the issue on their part. Latrobe, on his examination, stated, "I know Mr. Stimpson.

460

SUPREME COURT.

[The Philadelphia and Trenton Railroad Company vs. Stimpson.]
by sight and character. He granted to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company the privilege of using the curved ways on their railroad, and all lateral roads connected therewith. I fix the date of the contract ii the early part of October, 1834, because I have then a receipt of Mr. Stimpson's counsel, for two thousand five hundred dollars. Mr. Stimpson laid his claim against the Baltimore Company for an infringement of his patent, in 1832. It was referred to me by the Company, and I advised them." The counsel
for the defendants then offered to prove by the same witness, the declarations of the plaintiff and his agent, to the witness, that the settlement made with the ,Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company with the plaintiff, was not an admission by the said company of the plaintiff's right in the alleged invention, but a mere compromise of a pending suit, disconnected with a grant, in writing, made by the plaintiff *to the said company; and to that end proposed to put the
following questions, respectively, and in order, to the witness: "1. Do you know who was the agent or attorney of James Stimpson, in negotiating the arrangement and settlement between him and the company referred to? Who was he? 2. State if any conversations occurred between James Stimpson, or his agent or counsel, at any time, during the negotiations, regarding -the rights claimed by him in the patent for curved waysi without reference to the existence of a written contract, or its contents? 3. What were they-?" The Court refused to allow these questions to be put, for the purpose
aforesaid.
Now, (as has been alreadk intimated,) it is incumbent upon those who insist upon the right to put particular questions to a witnesi, to establish that right beyond any reasonable doubtfor the very
purpose stated by them; and they are not afterwards at liberty to desert that purpose, and to show the pertinency or relevancy of the evidence for any other purpose, not then suggested to the Court. It was not pretended at the argument, that the evidence'so offered was good evidence in chief, in behalf of the defendants upon the issue in the cause. It was ros inter alios acta, and had no tendency to disprove the defendant's title to the invention, or to support any title set up by the defendants; for no privity was shown between the defendants and the Baltimore Company. As evidence in chief, therefore, it was irrelevant and inadmissible. The sole purpose for which it was offered, so far as it was then declared to the Court, was to show, that the compromise with the Baltimore Company was not founded on any admission of the plaintiff's right in the invention. Be it so; it was then inconsequential; for it certainly had no just tendency to disprove his right. If the compiomise had been offered on the part of the plaintiff, for the purpose of establishing: his right to the invention, there is no pretence to say that it wou)d have been admissible against the defendants. In the converse case, it is equally inadmissible for the defendants.
But it is now said that the evidence was in fact offered for the purpose of rebutting or explaining certain statemer ts made by one

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

461

[The Philadelphia and Trenton Railroad Company vs. Stimpson.]
Ross Winans, a witness called by the defendants, in his answers upon his cross-examination by the plaintiff's counsel. Now, this purpose is not necessarily, or even naturally, suggested by the purpose avowed in the record. Upon his cross-examination, Winans stated: " I understood there were arrangements ade with the Baltimore Company. I heard the Company paid five thousand dollars." Now, certainly these statements, if objected to by the defendants, would have been inadmissible upon two distinct grounds. 1. First, as mere hearsay; 2. And, secondly, upon the broader principle, now well established, although sometimes lost sight of in our loose practice at trials, that a party has no right to cross-examine any witness except as to facts and circumstances connected with the matters stated in his direct examination. If he wishes to examin e him to other matters, he must do so by making the' witness his own, and calling him, as such, in the subsequent progress of the cause. The questio~i then is presented, whether a party can, by his own omission to take an objection to the admission of improper evidence brought out on a cross-examination, found a right to introduce testimony in chief to rebut it or explain it. If upon the cross-examination, Winans' answer had been such as was unfavourable to the plaintiff, upon the collateral matters thus asked, which were not founded in the issue, he would have been bound by it, and not permitted to introduce evidence to contradict it. There is great difficulty in saying that the defendants ought to be in a more favonred predicament, and to acquire rights founded upon the like evidence to which they did not choose to make, .y objection, although otherwise it could not have been in the cause. But waiv-
ing this consideration, the grounds on which we 'tihink the refusal of the Court was right, are; first, that it was not distinctly propounded to the Court, that- the evidence was offered to rebut or explain Winans' testimony; and, secondly, that in the form in which it was put, it proposed to separate the written contract of compromise from the conversations and negotiations which led to it, and to introduce the latter without the former, although it might turn out that the written paper mighf most materially affect or control the presumptions deducible from those conversations, and negotiations. We think, that upon the settled principles of law, parol evidence bearing upon written contracts and papers, ought not to be admitted without the production of such written contracts or papers, so as to enable both the Court and the jury to see whether or not the admission of the parol evidence in any manner will trench upon the rule, that parol evidence is not admissible to vary or contradict written contracts or papers.
The next exception is to the admission of the evidence of William A. Stimpson, Richard Caton, and George Neilson, as to certain declarations, and statements, and conversations of the plaintiff, as to his invention prior to the date of his original patent; in order to rebut the evidence of the defendants, as to the invention or use by other persons of the same contrivance, before that date. The ob.
2q2

462

SUPREME COURT.

[The Philadelphia and Trenton 'RailroadCompany miS.timpson.]
jection is, that, upon general principles, the declarations and conver.
sations of a plaintiff, are not admissible evidence in favour of his own rights. As a general rule, this is undoubtedly true. It is, however, but a general yule, and admits, and requires various exceptions. There are many cases in which a party may show his declarations conflict with acts in his own favour, as a part of the res gesta3. There are other cases, again, in which his material declarations have been admitted. Thus, for example, in the case of an action for an assault and battery, and wounding, it has been held, that the declarations of the plaintiff, as to his internal pains, aches, injuries, and symptoms, to the physician called to prescribe for him, are admissible for the purpose of showing the nature and extent of the injuries done to him. See 1 Phillips on Evidence, ch. 12, sec. 1, p. 200-202, eighth ed., 1838. In many cases of inventions, it is hardly possible in any other manner to ascertain the precise time and exact origin of the particular invention. The invention itself is an intellectual process or operation; and, like all other expressions of thought, can in many cases scarcely be made known, except by speech. The invention may be consummated and perfect, and may be susceptible of complete description in words, a month, or even a year before it can be embodied in any visible form, machine, or composition of matter. It might take a year to construct a steamboat, after the inventor had completely mastered all the details of his invention, and had fully explained them to all the various artisans 'whom he might employ to construct the different parts of the machinery. And yet from those very details and explanations, another ingenious mechanic might be able to construct the whole apparatus, and assume to himself the priority of the invention. The conversations and declarations of a patentee, merely affirming that at some former period he invented that parti41ular machine, might well be objected to. But his conversations and declarations, stating that he had made an invention, and describing its details and explaining it'operations, are properly to be deemed an assertion of his right, at that time, as an inventor to the extent of the facts and details which he then makes known ; although not of their existence at an antecedent time. In short, such conversations and declarations, coupled with a description of the nature and objects of the invention, are to be deemed a part of the res gestm; and legitimate evidence that the invention was then known to and claimed by him, and thus its origin may be fixed at least as early as that period. This view of the subject covers ali the parts of the testimony of the witnesses objected to in the Cirsuit Court; and we are of opinion, that the Court were right in admitting the evidence.
The next and last exception is, to the rejection of the evidence of Dr. Jones, who was offered 'to prove that there were material differences between the patent of 1831, and the renewed patent of 1835, and to explain these differences. No doubt can be entertained that the testimony thus offered was, or might be, most material to

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

463

[The Philadelphia and Trenton Railroad Company vs. Stimpson.]
the merits of the defence. And the question is not as to the competency or relevancy of the evidence, but as to the propriety of its being admitted at the time when it was offered. It appears that the testimony was not offered by the defendants, or stated by them as a matter of defence, in the stage of the cause when it is usually introduced according to the practice of the Court. It was offered after the defendants' counsel had stated in open Court, that they had closed their evidence, and after the plaintiff, in consequence of
that declaration, had discharged his own witnesses. The question, then, is, whether it was at that time admissible on the part of the defendants as a matter of right; or whether its admission was a matter resting in the sound discretion'of the Court. If the latter, then it is manifest that the l ejection of it cannot be assigned as error.
The mode of conducting trials, the order of introducing evidence,
and the times when it is to be introduced, are, properly, matters belonging to the practice of the Circuit Courts, with which this Court ought not to interfere ; unless it shall choose to prescribe some fixed, general rules on the subject, under the authority of the act of Con-
gress. Probably the practice in no two states of the Union is exactly the same; and ther, are, in each state, the Circuit Courts must
necessarily be vested with a large discretion, in the regulation of their practice. If every party had a right to introduce evidence at any time, at his own election, without reference to the stage of the trial in which it is offered, it is obvious that the proceedings of the Court would often be greatly embarrassed, the purposes of justice
be obstructed, and the parties themselves be surprised by evidence destructive of their rights, which they could not have foreseen, or in any manner have guarded against. It seems to us, therefore, that all Courts ought to be, as indeed they generally are, invested with a large discretion on this subject, to prevent the most mischievous consequences in the administration of justice to suitors ; and we think that the Circuit Courts possess this discretion in as anple a manner as other judicial tribunals. We do not feel at liberty, therefore, to interfere with the exercise of this discretion; and, indeed, if we were called upon to say upon the present record, whether this discretion was, in fact, misapplied or not, we should be prepared to say, that we see no reason to doubt that it was, under all the, circumstances, wisely and properly exercised. It is
sufficient for us, however, that it was a matter of discretion and practice, in respect to which we possess no authority to revise the
decision of the Circuit Court. Upon the whole, we are of opinion, that the judgment of the
Circuit Court ought to be affirmed with costs.

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

33

ELIAS KANE, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, VS. GABRIEL PAUL, ExE-
CUTOR OF EDWARD COURSAULT, DECEASED.
Letters testamentary to the estate of Edward Coursault, a merchant, who had died at Baltimore, were granted to Gabriel Paul, one of the executors named in the will. The other executor, Aglae Coursault, the wife of Edward Coursault, did not qualify as executrix, nor did she renounce the execution of the will. Afterwards, on the application of Aglae Coursault, stating she was executrix of Edward Coursault, accompanied with a power of attorney, given to her by Gabriel Paul, the qualified executor, who had removed to Missouri, the commissioners under the treaty of indemnity with France, awarded to the estate of Edward Coursault, a sum of money, for the seizure ard confiscation of the Good Friends and cargo, by the French government. During the pendency of the claim before the commissioners, Aglae Coursault died ; and letters of administration, with the will annexed, were, on the oath of Thomas Dunlap, that the widow and executrix of Edward Coursault was dead, granted by the Orphans Court of the county of Washington, in the District of'Columbia, to the plaintiff in error, Elias Kane, a resident in Washington. Tie sum awarded by the commissioners was paid to Elias Kane, by the government of the United States. Gabriel Paul, the executor of Edward Coursault, brought an action against Elias Kane, for the money paid to him. Held : That he was entitled to recover the same. The letters testamentary granted in Maryland, entitled the executor of Edward Coursault to recover, withaut his having the letters of administration granted by the Orphans Court of Washington repealed or revoked.
At conmon law, the appointment of an executor vests the whole personal estate in the person appointed e' ecutor, which he holds as trustee for the purposes of the will, and he holds the legal title in all the chattels of the testator; and, for the purpose of administering them, is as much the proprietor of them as was the testator. The ordinary cannot transfer those chattels to any other person by granting administration of them.
The act of Congress of the 24th June, 1812, gives to an executor or administrator, appointed in any state of the United States, or in the territories, a right to recover from any individual within the District of Columbia effects or money belonging to the testator or the intestate, in whatever way the same may have been received, if the law does not permit him to retain it, on account of some relations borne to the testator or to his executor, which defeats the rights of the executor or administrator; and letters testamentary or letters of administration obtained in either of the states or territories of the Union, give a right to the person having them to receive -and give disharges for such assets, without suitw,hich may be in the hands of am person within the District of Columnia. The right to receive from the government of the United States, either in the District of Co lumbia, or in the state where letters have beet. granted, any sum of money which the government mlay owe to the testator or iotctate at the time of his death, or which may become due thereafter, or which may accru to the government as truste for a testator or intestate, in any way or at any time, is given by that act. A bona fidepayment of a debt to the administrator, which was due to the-estate, is a legal discharge to the debtor, whether the administration be void or voidable.
The certificate of the Register of Wills, annexed to the proceedings of the Orphans Court of Maryland, giving letters-testamentary to the executor, shows that the will had been proved, and that tie letters testamentary had been gratited. This is proof that the persotholding the letters testamentary is executor, as far as the law requires it to be proved, in aia action of assumpsit upon a cause of action which arose in the time of the testator or of the executor. On the plea of the general issue in such an action, and even in a case where that plea raises the question of right or title in ti executor, the certificate of probate and qualification meets tire requisition. A judicial examination into their validity can only be gone into upon a plea in abatement, after oyer has been craved and granted ; and then, upon issue joined, the plaintiff's title, as executor or administrator, may be disputed, by showing any of those causes which make the grant void ab initio, or that the administration had been revoked.
The declaration in an action by an executor for the recovery of money received by the defendant after the decease of the testator, may- be in the name of the plaintiff, as executor,
5

34

SUPREME COURT.

[Kane vs. Paul.]
or in his own name, without stating that he is executor. The distinction is, that'when an executor sues on a cause of action which occurred in the lifetime of his testator, he must declare in the detinet, that is, in his representative capacity only; but when the cause of action accrues after the death of the testator, if the money when recovered will be asets, the executor may declare in his representative character, or in his own name.

IN error to the Circuit Court of the. United States for the county of Washington, in the District of Columbia.

Edward Coursault, then a merchant of the ciiy of Philadelphia, in December, 1809, was, the owner of the brig Good Friends, and part of her cargo. Both the brig and cargo were seized at Morlaix-, in France,.by order of the French government, and vere confiscated.
In 1825, Edward Coursault died in Baltimore, where he resided at the time of his decease; and by his will, dated August, 1814, he appointed Aglae Coursault, his wife, his executrix, and Gabriel Paul
his executor. On the 27th August, 1814, letters testamentary of the will were
granted in Baltimore to Gabriel Paul. Mrs. Coursault did not qualify, nor did she renounce, as executrix. Some time afterwards, Gabriel Paul removed to thestate of Missouri.
The claim of the estate of Edward Coursault, for indemnity for the seizure and confiscation of the brig Good Friends and cargo, having been provided for by the convention between the United States and France, concluded at Paris, in July, 1831, Aglae Coursault, styling herself the widow and executrix of the last will and
testament Of Edward Coursault, in January, 1833, presented a memorial to the board of commissioners appointed to carry the convention into effect, claiming indemnity for the seizure and confiscationThoef tVhieembroirgiaal nsdtatceadrgtoh.e death of Edward uoursault, the.appoint-
ment of the memorialist and Gabriel Paul executors, by his last will; that letters testamentary were granted to the memorialist and Gabriel Paul; and the Memorial also states that whatever amount of said claim may be awarded under said convention, will belong solely and exclusively to the memorialist, as executor of the last will and testament of the said Edward Coursault, deceased.
Together with the documents presented to the commissioners, showing the property of the Good Friends and part of her cargo to have belonged, at the time of the seizure and confiscation, to Edward Cou rsault, there was a power of attorney from Gabriel Paul, as "administrator of the estate of Edward Coursault," to Mrs. Aglae Coursault, authorizing her to present in his name to the commissioners of the United States the claim of' the estate of Edward Coursault, promising to present himself before them as soon as required.
The commissioners awarded the sum of seven thousand eight hundred and sixty-four dollars, .n favour of the claimant.
On the 27th of March, 1837, an affidavit was made and presented to the Orphans Court of the county of Washington, in the District

JANUARY TERM, 1840

:5

[Kane v. Pgul.]
of Columbia, stating that Edward Coursault had died in the city of Baltimore, in 1814, and that Aglae Coursault, his widow and executrix, had died about two years before the making of the affidavit.
On the 29th of March, 1837, the judge of the Orphans Court directed letters of administration, with the wili annexed, to be issued upon the estate of Edward Coursault, to Elias Kane., Esquire; and the sum awarded on the claim of Aglae Coursault by the commissioners, was paid at the Treasury of the United States to Mr. Kane,
as the administrator.
Gabriel Paul, in November, 1837, as executor of Edward Coursault, having taken out letters of administration in the District of Columbia, instituted a suit in the Circuit Court of the county of Washington against Elias Kane, for the recovery, of the sum. paid
to him by the United States; and at November term, 1838, the cause was tried, and a verdict and judgment were rendered for the
plaintiff.
At the trial, the defendant in the Circuit Court gave in evidence an exemplification of the letters of administration granted by the Orphans Court of the county of Washington; but the Court directed the jury that they were no bar to the action of the plaintiff. The defendant excepted to this opinion 6f the Court. And the plaintiff having offered in evidence the award of the commissioners, the power of attorney from the plaintiff to Aglae Coursault, (by cdpies from the State Department,) and his letters testamentary, with a copy of the will annexed; and having proved that the plaintiff was then living ; the Court directed the jury that the plaintiff, if the said evidence was believed, -was entitled to recover the amount received by the defendant under the award. The defendant excepted to this direction of the Court., and prosecuted this writ of error.

The cause was argued by Mr. Key, with whom was Mr. Kane, for the plaintiff in error; and by Mr. Coxe and Mr. Semmes, for
the defendant.
Mr. Key, for the plaintiff in error, contended that the letters of administration granted to the plaintiff in the District of Columbia, were not void; and that the instructions of the Circuit Court were
erroneous. If there had not been special legislation on this subject, no doubt
could be entertained of, the invalidity of the letters of administration granted to Gabriel Paul, in the District of Columbia; after those which had been granted to the plaintiff in error. By the general law, administration is to be granted in the place where the property of the deceased person is found; and letters testamentary drawing their authority from a different state or country, have no validity. 9 Wheat. 571. Smith vs. the Union Bank of Georgetonv, 5 Peters, 518. Story's Conflict of Laws, 422. 429-433. 436. 439. 20 Johns, Rep. 265.
The special legislation by the Act of Congress of 24th June, 1812, was not intended to make a general change on this subject, It

SUPREME COURT.
[Kane v8. Paul.]
meant only to authorize suit to be brought on foreign letters of administration, or letters of administration granted, out of the District of Columbia. The Court will lean in favour of this construction of the act; and by giving it this limitation, will prevent, as far as possible, the infraction of the principle, that the personal estate of. an intestate, or decedent, is to be distributed according to the local law of the place where it may be.
Nor can the act of Congress of 1812, be construed to take away the authority to issue letters of administration in this District, when no administration of the deceased is within the District, and there are personal effects belonging to the deceased within the same.
The law does not take away this jurisdiction of the Orphans Court of the countr of Washington to issue letters of administration. While it authorizes a foreign administrator to come into this District,. it leaves the authority of the Orphans Court as it existed before the act. Such a construction of the law would be most unreasonable, and would produce great difficulties and inconveniences. There is no power to compel a foreign administrator tb come into this District and collect the assets of the estate. Thus the personal property of a decedent might be wasted and rost. But to construe the law, as is contended for by the plaintiff in error, is to give it all the efficiency requisite, and essential to the purposes of the legislation. The foreign administrator may institute suits in the District; but over assets which are in the District, an administrator duly appointed by the Orphans Court, before the foreign administrator comes here, has full and exclusive control and authority.
In support of this construction of the act of Congress, the counsel cited United States vs. Fisher, 2 Cranch, 35. Baldwin C. C. Rep. 316. Cowper, 391. 6 Dane's Abridgment, 601. 593. Foster's Case, 11 Coke's Rep. 64a.
The power given to an administrator in the District, is to collect and administer the estate of the intestate according to the lex rei site. After his appointment he cannot excuse himself for neglecting to collect the assets of the estate by alleging that there was another and a foreign administrator: nor would the payment of a debt to a
foreign administrator, by a person in the District, be a bar to the claim of an administrator appointed here. Suppose an administra-
tor appointed in the District should have brought suits, would they abate wh6.( a foreign administrator comes here? It is admitted that the act of Congress of 1812, may be interpreted to give concur-
rent powers to foreign and dohresti administrators, but not to make the powers of the foreign administrator exclusive. Story's Conflict
of Laws, 431.
There is another view of this question. This is not a debt which
was due to the intestate in his lifetime. It is money of the estate which came into this District in 1827; and the letters testamentary, granted in Baltimore, were issued to Gabriel Paul, in 1814. The
action in the Circuit Court was not for money due to the testator,
but due to the executor of Coursault. The action is not, therefore,

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

37

[Kane vs. Paul.J

authorized by he act of Congress, as it authorized suits by the representative of' a decedent; -but this is a suit in his own right by the
executor. A suit may be brought by an administrator for the .-ecovery of a
debt due to him, contracted with'him in his capacity of administrator, after the decease of his intestate. 4 Mason C. C. Rep. 34. But the act of Congress gives no power to sue, except in cases where action
can be brought on letters of administration for debts to, or on contracts with, the intestate. It has no application to suits which a party
might institute without letters of administration,; such as suits for claims by the administrator on debts due on contracts or obligations which have arisen aftdr the decease of the party represented by him.
An. 'objection lies to the original letters testamentary granted in Baltimore to Gabriel Paul. The will of Edward Coursault ap pointed two executprs, and yet without 'any renunciation by Aglae
Coursault, the letters testamentary are issued to Gabriel Paul alone. This is contrary to the testamentary act of February, 1777; ch. S.

The counsel for the defendant'in error stated, that the application to the commissioners under the treaty of indemnity with France, was made by Aglae Coursault acting as executrix of her husband, and under a power bf attorney from Gabriel Paul, who had regu-
larly proved the will and taken out. letters testamentary. The award of the commissioners was to the executor; this was regular. The sum awarded was the property of the estate of Edward Coursault, being an indemnity for the seizure of his property in his lifetime; and the claim for a recompense for this injury passed to the executors of his will.
Thus'situated, and Aglae Coursault having died, the plaintiff in
error came forward; and disregarding the rights of the defendant in error, which were his by the letters testamentary, and by the award of the commissioners under the treaty, he obtained possession of this money under letters of administration granted to him in the District of Columbia. He did not come forward as a creditor
of the estate of Edward Coursault, but as a stranger, and took pos'session of the fund. This was an illegal interference with the rights of the executor, and cannot be allowed. The provisions of the act of Congress on the subject of the claims under the treaty with
France have been violated; rights clearly Vested tdder the law and by the award of the commissioners have been disregarded.
The fund awarded under the treaty with France was not assets
in the District of Columbia. The claim had been presented on the part of the representatives of a merchant of Baltimore, for the
seizure of his vessel and cargo; and the United States having received the money from France, were trustees for tlhe claimants to distribute the same among them. If this fund had any location, it was in Baltimore; there the United States were bound to pay the amount awarded to the executor of Edward Coursault. In point' f
facVt OthLe. money, was paid in New York, as there it had been kept by XIV.-D

SUPREME COURT.
[Kane vs. Paul.]
the United States when received from France. All that was required was the presentation of the award of the commissioners, to the agents of the United States in New York.
The action in the Circuit Court was properly brought. But if this was not so, the exception should have been taken by a plea in abatement. The plea of the general issue admits the right of the executor to sue. 8 Wheat. 542. 1 Peters, 386. 4 Peters, 500. Baker vs. Biddle, Baldwin's C. C. Rep. 394. To show the right of the executor to sue, cited Biddle vs. Wilkins, 1 Peters, 486. 1 Ventris,
535. 1 Mod. 213. 2 Mod. 149. Hobart, 46. 2 Lord Ray. 701. 1 Williams on Executors, 155. An administration granted, where there is an executor, is void. 3 Bos. and Pull. 30. Toller on Executors, 120. 8 Cranch, 1.
Mr. Justice WAYNE delivered the opinion of the Court. It appears in this case, that Edward Coursault being domiciled in Baltimore, died there in the year 1814; and that by his will, dated the 13th August, 1814, he appointed Aglae Coursault, executrix, and Gabriel Paul, executor. On the 27th August, 1814, letters testamentary were granted in Maryland to Gabriel Paul-Paul is still alive. Edward Coursault being the owner of the brig Good Friends, and part of her cargo, both were seized and confiscated at Morlaix, in the year 1809, by the French government. Paul, the qualified executor of Coursault, by a power of attorney dated the 18th of October, 1832, he being then a resident of Missouri, empowered Aglae Coursault to present a memorial in his name to the board of commissioners, appointed under the act of Congress to carry into effect the convention between the United States and his majesty the king. of the French, concluded at Paris, on the 4th day of July, 1831, for the claim of the testator to indemnity on account of the confiscation of the Good Friends, and her cargo; stating in his power, that he would present himself before the board of commissioners as soon a5 he might be required. Under this power, Aglae Coursault memorialized the commissioners; in which memorial, after reciting the seizure and confiscation of the Good Friends and her cargo, what the cargo was, the value of the vessel and her freight, and that Edward Coursault had incurred great expense in defending his rights; it is said, letters testamentary were granted to herself and Gabriel Paul, and that whatever sum may be awarded upon the claim, it would belong exclusively to herself. The commissioners made an award in favour of the claim. After this award was made, Kane, the appellant, applied to the Orphans Court of the county of Washington, in the District of Columbia, for letters of administration upon- the estate of Edward Coursault; and upon an affidavit of Thomas Dunlap, stating that the widow and executrix, Aglae Coursault, was dead, an order was made to issue letters of administration to the appellant, upon the estate of Edward Coursault; and letters of administration de boniF

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

39

[Kane vs. PauL]
non, with the will annexed, were given to him, he having entered into bond with Thomas Dunlap and John K. Kane, as securities for the faithful performance of his' duties.
Kane applied for, and received from the proper department of the government, a part of the sum awarded by the commissioners upon the claim of Fdlvard Coursault:- and this suit was brought by Gabriel Paul, the Vexecutor, to recover from Kane the money he received, in his character of administrator de bonis non, cum testa-
mento annexo. The declaration contains three counts, in each of which the plain-
tiff claims as executor. The defendant pleaded non assumpsit; and issue being joined, a jury was called to try the issue. On the trial, besides other evidence, the plaintiff produced his letters testamentary, granted in 1814, in Maryland; and the defendant offered in evidence an exemplification')of the letters of administration grantedto him by the Orphans Court of Washington county, District of Columbia, in
1837. The Court charged the jury, that the letters Of administration
offered by the defendant, were no bar to the plaintiff's action; but that the plaintiff's letters testamentary and the other evidence, if believed by the jury, entitled him to recover the amount the defendant had received upon the award of the commissioners, according to the certificate of that amount, given by John H. Houston, a clerk in the fifth auditor's office. The jury gave a verdict in favour of the plaintiff; the defendatit having first excepted tQ the instruc-
tions of the Court. The point then made by this'exception to the, instruction of the
Court is, do the letters testamentary, obtained by the plaintiff in Maryland, prevail over the letters of administration de bonis non, cur testamento antiexo, given to the defendant in the District of Columbia, so as to entitle the former to recover from the latter, the money received by him in such character, without a repeal or revo-
cation of such letters? The answer to that question will depend upon the legal character
'of the letters granted to the defendant. Are they void or voidable? In Com. Dig. Adm. B. 1, it is said, If there be an executor, and
administration be granted before probate and refusal, it shall be void on, the will being afterwards proved; although the will were suppressed or its existence were unknown, or it were dubious who was executor, or he were concealed or abroad at the time of granting the administration. So in Com. Dig. B. 2, B. 10, If there be two executors, one of whom proves the will and the other refuses, and he who proves the will dies, and administration is granted before the refusal of the survivor, subsequently to the death of his co-executor, or if grantea1 before the refusal of the executor, although he afterwards refuse, such administration shall he void. Ln all these
cases, the administration is a mere nullity. The executor's interest the ordinary is incapable of divesting. Toiler on Ex. 121.

SUPREME COURT.
[Kane vs. Paul.]
In the case of Griffith vs. Frazer, 8 Cran. Rep. 24, the Court says, "The appointment of an executor vests the whole personal estate in the person so appointed. He holds as trustee for the purposes of the will, but he holds the legal title in all the chattels of the testator.
He is, for the purpose of administering them, as much the legal proprietor of those chattels, As was the.testator himself while alive. This is incompatible with any power in the ordiuary to transfer those chattels to any other person by the grant of administration on them. His grant can pass nothing; it conveys no right, and is a void act."
Such is the Common Law. Notwithstanding the extended jurisdiction given by the statutes of Maryland to the Orphans Court in testamentary cases, we cannot see in them any alteration of the legal consequence resulting from the grant by that Court of letters of administration, in case of a will, when there is an executor not disqualified by law, or who has not been excluded from acting in conformity to law. The grant of administration is void, as at common law. The powers given to the Court are intended to protect the rights of executors ; not to enlarge its jurisdiction to transfer them to another per-, son. the action of the Court, to be effective to grant adminis,tration* upon a will, an executor being alive, and capable of acting, must be within its powers. If not, the administration will be void. This conclusion is sustained too by the stern manner in which the Orphans Court 'is confined within its jurisdicti4)n by the statute of 1798, ch. 101, sub-ch, 15. "The said Orphans Court shall not, under any pretext of incidental power or constructive authority, exercise any jurisdiction whatever not expressly given by this act,
or some other law." The letters being void, the person named in them .cannbt retain
from the rightful executor the testator's effects ; upon the plea that he may do so until the letters have been revoked by the Court which granted them. The appearance of an executor with proof of the will and letters testamentary, subsequently to the grant of letters of administration in a case where it was supposed there was no will, is of itself a revbcation of the latter; and so is the Maryland law. Dorsey's Maryland Testamentary Law, 4 sec. 77.
In this case, then, though the right of the plaintiff to sue in the District of Columbia is given by the act' of Congress of the 24th June, 1812; Davis' Dist. Laws, 266; his right to recover rests upon the legal conclusion that the defendant never was administrator to administer the effects of, the testator: the act of the Orphans Court naming him such, being void, ab initio. His right'under that act is, to "maintain any suit or action, and to prosecute and recover any claim in the District of Columbia, in the same manner as if his letters testamentary or administration had been granted by the proper authority,"&c. &c. "in such District."
In the case before us, there was a will which had been proved in Maryland ; letters, testamentary granted to an executor; that executor was alive (and is still so) when the Orphans Court gave letters

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

41

[Kane vs. Paul,]

to the defendant, upon the proof that the executrix named in the

will was dead; without any inquiry concerning the executor, but in

the face of the certificate of his letters testarbentary.

It was repeatedly asked on the argument of this cause, what rights, can letters testamentary, or of administration, granted in either of

the states of this Union, give to an executor or administrator in the

District of.Columbia, except the right to sue, given by the act of

Congress of 1812. Davis' Dist. Laws, 266.

We answer, that the right to sue in the manner it is given, gives

the right to such executor or administrator to recover from any indi-

vidual within the District of Columbia, effects or money belonging

to the testator. or intestate, in whatever way they may have been re-

ceived, if the law does not permit him to retain them on account of

some relation borne to the testator or to his executor, which defeats

the executor's right; and that letters testamentary, or of administra-

tion, obtained in either of the states or territories of this Union, give

a right to the person having them to receive and give discharges for

assets, without suii, which may he in the hands of any person within the District of Columbia: and the right to receive from the govern-

ment, either in the District or in the state where letters have been granted, any sum of money which the government may owe to a

testator or intestate at the time of his death, or which may become

due thereafter, or which may accrue to the government from a testator or intestate, in any way or at any time. And a bona fide pay-

ment to the administrator of a debt due to the estate, shall be a legal

discharge to the debtor, whether the administration be void or void-

able. Toiler, 130. Allen vs. Dundas, 3 Term Rep. 125.

It was however uirged, that the Court erred in its instruction to

the jury, because the letters testamentary of the plaintiff appear on

the face of them to have been granted ihviolation of the law of

Maryland, Dor. Test. Law, 6 sec. 77. which declares that letters

testamentary shall not be granted to any one, or to any number of

executors less than the whole; unless there shall be such proceedings

against each of them failing, as would authorize the issuing of let-

ters of administration in case'of the failure of a sole named executor.

Whether such proceedi!)gs were had or not, the record does not show:

but if it did, the objection would not prevail. The certificate of the Register of wills annexed to the proceeding of the Orphans Court,

giving letters'to the defendant, shows that the will had been proVed, and that the p!aintiff had received - letters testamentary. That he

is executor, then, is proved, as much as the law requires it to be;

whether the declaration is in assumpsit upon a cause of action arising in the time of the testator, or in that of the executor. The

plea was the general issue; and even in a case where that plea raises

the question of right or title in the executor, the certificate of pro-

bate, and qualification as executor, meets the requisition. A judi-

cial examination into their validity can only be gone into upon a plea in abatement, after oyer has been craved and granted; and then

upon issue joined, the plaintiff's title as executor or administrator

D 2

6

42

SUPREME COURT.

tKane vs. Paul.]
may be disputed, by showing any of those causes which make the grant void, ab initio, or that the administration has been revoked. The title of an administrator is proved by the production of the letters of administration. 2 Phil. Evi, 550, 551. Childres vs. Emory et al. 8 Wheat. 671. 'Nor can such objection prevail,because the plain-
tiff omitted to make profert of his leters testamentary in his declaration, for that is aided, unless the defendant, demur specially for the
defect. 4 Anne, ch. 11. 1 Saunders on Pleading, 574. It was also objected, against the recovery in this case, that the
money of the testator having been received by the defendant after the death of the testator, the declaration should have been in the plain tiff's own name, and not as executor. The law is now well established that it may be in either-form. The distinction is, that when an executor sues in respect of a cause of action which occurred in the lifetime of the deceased, he must declare iii the detinet, that is, in his representative capacity only. But where-the cause of action accrues after the death of the testator, if the money recovered will be assets, the executor may declare in his representative character, or in his own name.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record
from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washingtoti, and was argued
by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this Court, that the judgnent of the said Circuit Court
in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed, with costs and damages at the rate of six per centum per afinum.

SUPREME COURT.
JOHN F. GAMES AND NATHAN GILBERT, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, VS.
JOHN STILES, EX DEM. OF WALTER DUNN, DECEASED, DEFENDANT IN ERROR.
A deed was executed in Glasgow, Scotland, by which land in Ohio, which had been patented tp David Buchanan by the United States, was conveyed to Walter terling. The deed recited that ii was made in pursuance of a decree of the Circuit Court of 'the United States, for the District of Virginia. No exemplification of the decree was offered in evidence in support of the deed. The Court held, that as Buchanan was the patentee of the land, although he made the deed in pursuance of the decree of the Circuit Court of Virginia, the decree bould add nothing to the validity of the conveyance; and therefore it was wholly unnecessary to prove the decree. The deed was good without the decree.
The possession of a deed, regularly executed, is rima facie evidence of its delivery. Under ordinary circumstances, no other evidence of the delivery of a deed than the possession of it, by the person claiming under it,is required.
The grantor in the deed was David Carrick Buchanan; and he declares in it that he is the same person who was formerly David Buchanan. The Circuit Court were required to charge the jury that it was necessary to convince the jury, by proofs in Court, that David Carrick Buchanan is the same person as the grantor named in the patent, David Buchanan; and that the statement by the grantor was no proof to establish the fact. , The Circuit Court instructed the jury that they must be satisfied from the deed and other documents, and the circumstances of the case, that the grantor in the deed is the same *person to whom the patent was issued; and they declared their opinion that such was the fact. By the-Court: The principle is well established, that a Court may give their opinion on the evidence to the jury, being careful to distinguish between -matters of law and matters of opinion, in regard to the ,fact. When a matter of law is given by the Court to the jury, it should be considered by the Court as conclusive; but a mere matter of opinion as to the facts, will only have such influence on the jury as they may think it entitled to.
The, law knows of but one Christian name, and the omission or insertion of the middle , name, or of the initial letter of that name, is immaterial; and it is competent for the party to show that he is known as well without as with the middle name.
A deed of lands sold for taxes cannot be read in evidence, without proof that the requisites of the law which subjected the land to taxes had been complied with. There can be no class of laws more strictly local in their character, and which more directly concern real property, than laws imposing taxes on lands, and subjecting the lands to sale for unpaid taxes. They not only constitute a rule of property, but their construction by the Courts of the state should be followed by the Courts of the United States, with equal if not with greater strictness than any other class of laws.
The Supreme Court of Ohio has reqtiired a claimant under a tax title to show, before his title can be available, a substantial compliance with the requisites of the'law.
In an action of ejectment, the defendants having entered into the consent rule, the plaintiff in Ohio is not to be called upon to prove the calls of the patent under which he claims, on the ground of establishing the' different corners. The defendants are bound to admit, after they have entered into the consent rule, that they are in possession of the premises claimed by the lessor of the plaintiff.
IN error to the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Ohio.
In 1836, the lessee of the defendants in error instituted an action of ejectment against the plaintiffs in error, in the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Ohio, for a tract of land lying between the Little Miami and Sciota rivers, in that part of the state of Ohio known as the Virginia Military District being on a survey

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

323

(Games et al. w. Stiles.]
under a part of a military land warrant for one thousand acres.
The cause was tried at July term, 1838, and a verdict and judgment
were entered for the plaintiffs in the action, the defendant in error.
On the trial of the cause, the defendant tendered a bill of excep-. tions. The bill of exceptions states, that the plaintiff offered in evi-
dence in support of his action: First, A certified copy of a deed from David Carrick Buchanan to
Walter Sterling, dated June 27th, 1825. The patent from the United States, dated 22d May, 1802, ftr the land in controversy, was granted to David Buchanan by the President of the United States, and the deed was executed by David Carrick Buchanan, stating that he had formerly been David Buchanan. The defendants asked the Court to instruct the jury, that the statement in the deed by the grantor, that he had formerly been David'Buchanan, is no proof that he was David Carrick Buchanan. This instruction the Court refused. The deed from David Carrick Buchanan recited that the deed was exe-
ctited in conformity with a decree of the Circuit Court of the United States for the Fifth' Circuit, in the Virginia District, to convey the land described in it to Walter Sterling, in fee simple. The defendants excepted further to the introduction of the deed in evidence, because the proceedings of the Circuit Court of the United States in Virginia, recited in the deed, were not produced with it. But the Court overruled the objection.
Second, The defendants in their defence offered in evidence a certified copy of a paper, purporting to be a deed from William Middleton, auditor of Brown county, to John S. Wills, bearing date April 22d, 1824, for two hundred acres of land; and insisted it was duly acknowledged as such deed, and such copy was duly certified by the recorder of Brown county. The deed from William Middleton, the auditor of Brown county, recited that a sale had been made of two hundred acres of land, by William Middleton, county auditor, to John S. Wills, on the 29th December, 1823, for arrearages of taxes due to the state of Ohio, for 1821, 1822, 1823, for the lands conveyed; the land being part of the land patented to Buchanan. The deed particularly described, by metes and bounds, the tract conveyed, and granted the same. to John S. Wills, in fee simple. It was duly acknowledged according to the laws of Ohio, and recorded
in the proper office.
The plaintiff objected to this deed as not competent to go to the jury without evidence bf the proceedings and acts of the public officers, prior, and at the sale of said land for the tax; and insisted it ought to be admitted: and the Court sustained the objectian, and overruled the evidence, and declared their.opinion that the same evidence should not be admitted, and the same was rejected
accordingly.
The defendants then offered the same deed or copy of deed, accompanied by a duly certified copy of the record of the proceedings, at and before the sale of said land for taxes, bearing date 9th May, 1838, certified by Hezekiah Lindsey, county auditor of said county

324

SUPREME COURT.

(Games et al. vs. Stiles.]

of Brown; which copies or papers, and certificates thereon, are referred to aa a part of the bill of exceptions; whereupon, the plaintiffs, by counsel, objected to the admission of the sama on the ground that the same did not contain all the legal requisites to justify and authorize said sale and conveyance of said land for taxes; and of this opinion was the Court, and declared their opinion to be that the same ought not to be admitted in evidence in this case, and the same were rejected accordingly.
The defendants below gave in evidence a transcript of the record of the proceedings and decree of tile Supreme Court of the state of Ohio, in a case wherein White's-heirs and J. S. Wills' heirs, and
JI. Brush were complainants, and David Buchanan, in his lifetime, was defendant; and his unknown heirs, after his decease, were, by bill of revivor, made defendants; wherein the title to the premises in question was decreed to the complainants in that suit.
The defendants asked the Court to instruct the jury, that, the recordof the proceedings and decree given in evidence by defendants, may be considered by the jury as conveying the title to the land in controversy in that suit, to the complainants therein, and will, and ought to affect parties and privies, who had knowledge of the same, to prevent their taking title from the defendant therein from tile time such knowledge existed. In place of this instruction, the Court instructed the jury, that to prevent Btchanan from mak: ing a good deed to those lands, it was.necessary he should have notice, actual or constructive, prior to the making such deed; and of the commencement of the suit; the service of the process or the order of publication, giving such notice to appear and answer; and such publication made, to be proved: if the jury should find the deed from Buchanan to Sterling, was dated June 27th, 1825, and was-at that time delivered, and the order of the Court fbr the pub0lidation not made until August following, as appears in the record aforesaid, it was competent for Buchanan to make -such deed to Sterling; and the Court declared their opinions accordingly.
The defendant prosecuted this writ of error.

The case was argued by Mr. Mason, for the plaintiffs in error; and by Mr. Corwin, with whom was Mr. Bond, for the defendant.

The counsel for the plaintiffs in error, Mr. Mason, assigned the

following reasons for the reversal of the judgment of the Circuit

Court: First, That on the trial of the cause, the Court admitted as evi-

dence in the cause, a paper purporting to be a deed from, or signed

by David Carrick Buchanan to Walter Sterling, as appears by bill

of exceptions; which, for the reasons stated in the bill of exceptions

shoSuelcdonndo,t

Thhaveree

been admitted is also error

in in

evidence. this,

that the Court, on the trial

aforesaid, admitted in evidence to the jury a copy of another paper,

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

325

[Games et a. vs. Stiles.]
purporting o be a deed from Walter Sterling to Walter Dunn; which, for the reasons. stated in the bill of exceptions, ought not to have been admitted in evidence.
Third, There is also error in this, that the Court refused to admit a certified copy of a deed from William Middleton, auditor of Brown county, to John S. Wills, 'for two hundred acres of land, for the reasons stated in said bill of exceptions; whereas the same evidence ought to have been admitted.
Fourth, There is also error in this, that said Court refused to admit the same deed or copy accompanied by a duly certified copy of the record of the proceedings, at and before the sale of said lands for taxes, for the reasons stated in the bill of exceptions ; whereas, said evidence ought to have been admitted.

Mr. Corwin, for the defendants, contended, that the proceedings of the Court in Virginia were not necessary to the validity of the
deed; that a good consideration is stated in the deed, independently
of that decree; that the title being in Buchanan, he had a right to convey with or without the authority of the decree.
2. That it was not necessary, that the acknowledgment should
aver, or recite the delivery of the deed; that possession of the deed
was evidence to go to the jury of its delivery; that the recital of delivery in the deed, is evidence of that fact.
3. That the recital in the deed, showing that the grantor, David Carrick Buchanan, Esq., was the same person formerly called David Buchanan, Esq., was evidence to go to the jury of the identity of
the person named in the deed and patent. The counsel for the defendant also insisted, that it was incum-
bent on the party offering evidence of title growing out of a sale for non-payment of taxes, to show that the law was in all material respects complied with under which the auditor acted; that neither the deed nor the iecord of the auditor shows such compliance. See
18 Ohio Laws, 70.
4. That the defendants below claiming title under Brooke, through whom the lessor of plaintiff also claimed, it was not competent for
them to dispute the validity of their common title. 5. That the identity of the land in question with that described in
the title papers, is shown by the descriptive calls recited in the declaration, and those in the title papers of the plaintiff below, and is admitted by the consent rule.
The defendant below asked the Court to charge the jury, that the
statement in the deed from Buchanan to Sterling, reciting that Da-
vid Carrick Buchanan, Esq., was formerly called David Buchanan, Esq., was no evidence that it was the same person who received the patent, and conveyed to Sterling. The Court refused so to charge, and instructed the jury that they must be satisfied from the deed, other documents, and the circumstances of the case, that David Carrick Buchanan, and David Buchanan, Were the same person;
VoL. XIV,-2 E

SUPREME COURT.
[Games et al. vs. Stiles,]
and declared their opinion, that such was the case; to which opinions the defendants excepted.
1. The defendant in error insisted, that this exception only questions the propriety of the opinion given to the jury as to the fact of identity, as arising out of the proof before them.
2. That it was proper for the Court to give such opinion, leaving the jury to decide on it for themselves. 1 Peters, 182. 190. ;10 Peters, 80.
3. That the recital in the deed is evidenc6 to be considered by the jury, with other proofs in the cause, to show the identity of the grantee of the United States with the grantor to Sterling.
Mr. Justice M'LEAN delivered the opinion of the Court. This case is brought before this Court from the Circuit Court of Ohio, by a writ of error. An action of ejectment was brought by Dunn against the defendants, in the Circuit Court, for the recovery of a certain tract of land ; and on the trial, exceptions were taken to the rulings of the Court, which being the points decided before this Court. The first objection taken was, that the deed offered in evidence by the plaintiff from David Carrick Buchanan to Walter Sterling, recited the proceedings and decree of a Court of the United States, for the. fifth circuit, and Virginia district, &c., and no exemplification of the record of such proceedings and decree was offered in evidence, in support of the deed. Buchanan was the patentee of the land; and although he made the conveyance in pursuance of the decree, yet as the fee was in him, the decree could add nothing to the validity of the conveyance; and it was, therefore, 'wfiolly unnecessary to prove it. The deed was good without the decree, and was only referred to by the grantor to show the consideration, in part, for making it. The defendant also objected to the admission of the deed in evidence, because "it was not duly acknowledged and proved, according to law; there .being no proof of the delivery, either in the acknowledgment or other proof; except what appears on the deed, and that it was in possession of the lessor of the plaintiff." This deed was executed at Glasgow, in Scotland, and its execution was proved by the two subscribing witnesses, who swore, "that they saw the said grantor seal as his own proper act and deed, in due form of law, acknowledge and deliver this present conveyance." This oath was administered by the Lord Provost, and chief magistrate of Glasgow, and Which he duly certified, under his seal of office. The objection did not go to the execution of the deed, but to the want of proof of the delivery. In the conclusion of the deed, it is stated to have been signed, sealed, and delivered in presence of the subscri b ing witnesses, and they swear that it was delivered. But, independently of these

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

327

[Games et al. vs. Stiles.]
facts, the possession of the deed by the lessor of the plaintiff, who offers it in proof, is prima facie evidence of its delivery. Under ordinary circumstances, no other evidence of the delivery of a deed, than the possession of it by the person claiming under it, is required.
The defendant also objected to -this deed, that it did not appear that the grantor, David Carrick Buchanan, was the same person named as grantee in the patent, who is called David Buchanan.
·In the deed, the grantor declares, that "I, David Carrick Bucha,nan, formerly David Buchanan," &c.
And in connection with this objection the Court were asked to charge the jury, "that it is necessary for the plaintiff to convince them by proofs in Court, that David Carrick Buchanan is the same person as David Buchanan, named as grantee in the patent. That his statement of the fact in the deed is no proof tending to establish that fact."
The Court instructed the jury that they must be satisfied from the evidence given to them, to wit, by the deed and other documents in evidence, and the circumstances of the case, that the grantor in the deed to Sterling is the same person to whom the patent was issued; and they declared their opinions that such was the fact.
The principle is well established, that a Court may give their opinion on the evidence to the jury, being careful to distinguish between matters of law and matters of opinion in regard to the facts. When a matter of law is given by the Court to the jury, it should be considered as conclusive; but a mere matter of opinion as to the facts, will only have such influence on the jury as they may think it is entitled to.
The law knows of but one Christian name, and the omission or insertion of the middle name, or of the initial letter of that name, is immaterial; and it is competent for the party to show that he is known as well without as with the middle name. 5 Johns. Rep. 84. 12 Peters, 456.
We think there was no error in the Circuit Court, either in admitting the deed, or in their instruction to the jury on the point stated.
A deed from Sterling to Walter Dunn, the'lessor of the plaintiff, for the premises in controversy, was objected to on the ground " that the delivery thereof was not proved nor acknowledged in the acknowledgment and proof thereof thereon endorsed."
This deed is not in the record, and it cannot therefore be inspected; nor can it indeed be considered in reference to thd objection. But the same question is raised, it seems, on this deed as was made on the deed from Buchanan to Sterling, and the remarks of the Court on that exception would be equally applicable to this, if the deed to Dunn were in the record.
The evidence of the lessor of the plaintiff being closed, the defendants offered in evidence a certified copy of a paper -purporting to be a deed from the auditor of Brown county, to John S. Wills, dated

328

SUPREME COURT.

(Games et al. vs. Stiles.
the 22d April, 1824, for two hundred acres of land in the tract claimed by the lessor of the plaintiff; which the Court overruled, on the groutd that it could not be received without proof that the requisites of the law, which subjected the land to taxation and sale, had been complied with.
The defendants then offered the same, deed or copy of a deed, accompanied by a duly certified copy of the record of the proceedings, at and before the sale of said land, for taxes, dated 9th May, 1838, certified by Hezekiah Lindsey, county auditor of said county of Brown, which the Court overruled.
The laws of Ohio, imposing a tax on lands, and regulating its collection, like similar laws in, perhaps, almost all the other states, are peculiar in their provisions, having been framed under the influence of a local policy. And this policy has, to some extent, influenced
the construction of those laws. There can be no class of laws more strictly local in their character, and which more directly concern real property, than these. They not only constitute a rule
of property, 'but their construction by the Courts of the state should be followed by the Courts of the United States, with equal if not greater strictness than the construction of any other class of laws.
It will be lbund from' the Ohio reports, that the Supreme Court has required a claimant under a tax title to show, before his title can be available, a substantial compliance with the requisites of the law. In 2 Ohio Rep. 233, the Court say, "the requisitions of the law
are substantial and useful, and cannot be dispensed with. Tax sales are attended with greater sacrifices to the owners of land than any others. Purchasers at those sales seem to have but little conscience. They calculate on obtaining acres for cents, and it stands them in hand to see that the proceedings have been strictly regular."
In the case 6f the Lessee of Holt's Heirs vs. Hemphill's Heirs, 3 Ohio Rep. 232, the Court decided that a deed from a collector of taxes is not available to transfer the title, without proof that the land was listed, taxed, and advertised," &c.
The act of the 2d February, 1821, provides, that all deeds of land
sold for taxes, shall convey to the purchaser all the right, title, and interest of the former proprietor, in and to the land so sold; and shall be received in all Courts as good and sufficient evidence of
title in such purchaser."
,Under this and similar provisions, which are found in the various tax laws up to 1824, the Courts of Ohio seem never to have held,
that the deed on a tax sale is admissible as evidence of title, unaccompanied by proof that the substantial requisites of the law, in the previous steps, had been complied with. The collector, or person making the sale, was considered as acting under a special authority, and that his apts must be strictly conforniable to law, to divest the title of real property, without the consent of the owner. And the purchaser at such sales is held bound to see that the requirements

JANUARY 'TERM,,1840.

329

[Games et al. vs. Stiles.]
of the law, which subjected the land to sale for taxes, had been strictly observed. These principles have been repeatedly sanctioned byWtheiswCilolunrto.w examine the statutes under which the sale in question was made, with the view of ascertaining Whether the Circuit Court erred in overruling the record of the auditor, offered in evidence to support the tax deed.
The act of the 8th February, 1820, and the act to amend the same, of the 2d February, 1821, are the laws under which the title in question was obtained.
The county auditor is required to make out from the books or lists in his office, every year, a complete duplicate of all the lands listed in his office, subject to taxation, with the taxes charged thereon. In which duplicate he shall state the proprietor's name, the number of entry, for whom originally entered, the quantity of land contained in the original entry, the county, water course, number of acres, Whether first, second, or third rate land, and the amount of taxes charged thereon. These matters of description are required to be entered in separate columns, opposite the name of the progrietor. And the auditor is required to keep a book 'for that pur.pose, and to record in the form above specified, the lands entered in his county for taxation.
If the tax be not paid in the county by the 26th November, or to the state treasurer by the 31st December, in each year, the lands are to remain charged with all arrearages of taxes, and the lawful interest thereon, until the same shall be paid; to which there shall be added a penalty of twenty-five per, cent. on the amount of tax charged for each year the same may have been delinquent.
The auditor of the state is required to compare the listof defalcations transmitted from each county auditor with thd duplicates sent to his office from said county, for the same year ; and to record in a book kept fdr that purpose, the delinquent lands, and charge the same with penalties and interest. And the county auditor is required, in making out the duplicate for his county, to charge each tract, in addition to the tax. for the current year, with the tax, interest, and penalty of the preceding year, which shall be entered ina separate column, to be' designated for that purpose, on said dupl; cate. And when lands are returned delinquent for two years, the penalty and interest are to be charged for each year by the state auditor, who is required to transmit the same to the county auditor; and he is forbidden to enter lands a second time delinqugnt oa the duplicate for the current year.
On receiving this list of lands, a second time delinquent., the auditor, is required to advertise the same six weeks successively in a newspaper printed in the county, which advertisement shall state the amount of the tax, interest and penalties due on each tract, and the time of sale, &c. All sales are to be made by the county auditor; and on such sale being made, he is required "to make a fair

SUPREME COURT.
[Games et at. v3. Stiles.]
entry descriptive thereof, in a book to be provided by him for that purpose," and shall also "record in said book, all the proceedings relative to the advertising, selling, and conveying said delinquent lands; which record shall be good evidence in all Courts holden within this state."
The record offered in evidence is stated to be a "record of the
-proceedings relative to the advertising, selling, and conveying the lands delinquent for tax, for the years 1821, 1822, and 1823, within
the county of Brown, and state of Ohio." "Be it remembered, that the following lands, as herein set forth,
advertised for sale, in the names of the person to each tract annexed, were regularly entered on the duplicates for taxation, by the auditor of Brown county, for the year 1821 ; the tax whereon not being paid for said year, the collector of said county returned the same as delinquent therefor; whereupon the said county auditor made out and transmitted to the auditor of state, a list of said lands so returned as delinquent; and afterwards a list of said lands, with the amount of taxes, penalty, and interest charged thereon, was transmitted by the auditor of state to the county auditor of said county; whereupon a copy thereof was published three weeks in succession in a newspaper printed at Georgetown, Brown county, Ohio, in general circulation in said county; and afterwards the county auditor, in making out the duplicate for said county the succeeding year, to wit, for the year 1822, charged each tract in addition to the tax for said year 1822, with the tax, interest, and penalty of the preceding, and sent the same out a second time for collection; the tax on said land not being paid for the year 1822, they were a second time returned delinquent for the non-payment of the tax, penalty, and interest charged thereon; a list of which was again transmitted to the auditor of the state; that afterwards the said auditor of the state did transmit," &c.
This, together with the advertisement published six months before the sale of the land, is the record and only evidence offered to show that the legal requisites of the law had been complied with, previous
to the sale of the land. The first objection which arises to this paper is, that *itis a mere
historical statement of the facts as they occurred, and not a copy from the record.
The first important step is to show that the land was listed for taxation. On this depends the validity of the subsequent proceedings. And how is this shown by this record? It states that "the land was regularly entered on the duplicates for taxation, and sent out for collection for the year 1821," &c. Now this is a mere statement of the fact, and not an exemplification of the record.
The record of the auditor shows in what manner the land was listed for taxation, the amount of tax charged, the description of the land required by the law, and the rate at which it was entered. But the auditor in the record before us has stated that the entry or list

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

831

fGames et al. vs. Stiles.1
was regularly made, without copying the same from his records,
which copy would enable the Court to determine whether the entry for taxation had been made legally. Now this is the foundation of
the whole proceeding; and unless the Court will substitute the judgment of the auditor for their own, it is impossible for them to say the land was entered for taxation according to law.
Suppose the auditor had, instead of copying the advertisement on which the land was sold, merely stated that the land had been Kegularly advertised; could such a statement have been held sufficient? Perhaps no one acquainted with the legal requisites on this point, could hesitate in deciding that such a statement would be radically defective. That the advertisment constituted an essential part of the record, as the Court could only judge of its sufficiency by inspecting it. It would not do therefore for the auditor to withhold from his record and the Court, the advertisement, and merely say
that it was regular.
Clear as this point is, it is not less so than the objection above stated. The listing of the land in conformity to law, is as essential as advertising it for sale. But in this record we have no evidence that the land was entered according to law, except the mere state-
ment of the fact by the auditor, that it was so entered. Is this statement evidence ? The law makes the record evidence
but this statement is evidently made out, not by copying from the
record, but by looking at the record, and giving in a short statement what the auditor supposed to be the fact.
Suppose it should be important in any other case to show that this land had been regularly entered for taxation in the year 1821. Would the certificate of the auditor, in general terms, that the land was regularly entered that year, be evidence ? Must not the record itself be produced, or an exemplification of it; which would show
how it had been entered; and'enable the Court to judge of the regularity (f the entry ? That this would be required, seems too clear for argument; and yet in no possible case could this evidence be so important, as in the case under consideration.
If the Court are to receive the mere statement of the auditor, that the land was regularly entered, which is the first step in the proceeding, and as important as any other; to be consistent, they
must receive his mnere statement, as proof that the subsequent steps were taken as to Ithe charge of penalties, and interests, and delinquencies, and that it was advertised regularly and sold. This would be a short mode of arriving at the result, and might add somewhat to the validity of the titles, in disregard, however, to the rights of
the nonresident land holder. The law requires the auditor, on receiving the list of delinquent
lands from the state auditor, to give public notice by advertisement, for three weeks in succession, in some newspaper in general circulation in his county, of the amount of taxes charged, &c. Now, if this advertisement be not published, the land cannot be returned by the auditor a second time as delinquent; and if not regularly re-

33.2

SUPREME COURT.

[Games et al. vs. Stiles.]
turned as delinquent twice, it is not liable to be sold. And what evidence is there in the record that this notice was given. There is nonebut the mere statement of the fact that such notice was given three weeks in succession, in a newspaper printed in Georgetown. Now, if the statement of the auditor be sufficent as to this notice, it must be held equally good as to the notice of the sale.
This land was transmitted from the auditor of the state twice, charged with penalties, to the county auditor, who, by the thirtysixth section of the act of '1820, was required to publish the same, when received, three weeks; but it seems from his record that this
notice has been but once given. And, again, there is no evidence that the penalties were charged,
and the interest added, but the mere statement of the auditar. What amount was charged as penalty, and the amount of interest added, nowhere appears.
In the list published in the notice of sale, it does not appear at what rate the land was entered for'taxation ; and the gross sum of fifty dollars is charged, without showing of what items it was composed. In the case of Lafferty's Lessee vs,. Byers, 5 Ham. 458, the plaintiff offered in evidence an exemplified copy of the books of the county auditor, showing the listing for taxation, and the advertise-
ment of the sale. Upon the whole, we think that the Court did not err, in rejecting.
the paper certified by the auditor as a record. We think that this
record contained no evidence that the land was regularly, listed for taxation; and that it was defective in not showing that other imaportant requisites of the law had been coinplied with. That it is a mere historical account of the facts as they transpired, and not the record evidence of those facts, as they appear or should appear on
the.record.
Under the law of 1824, which makes the tax deed prima facie evidence, the Ohio Courts have not required proof to the same extent in support of the deed, as before such law. But the present case does not come under this law ; and it is unnecessary to go into its construction by the Ohio Courts. 5 Ohio Rep. 370.
The defendants gave in evidence a duly authorized transcript of
the record, proceedings and.decree, of the Supreme Court of the state of Ohio, of a certain case, wherein White's heirs and J. S. Wills' heirs, and H. Brush, were complainants, and David Buchanan, deceased, in his lifetime, defendant; and his unknown heirs defendants after his death, by bill of reviver; wherein the title to the premises in question, and other lands, were decreed to complainants.
And here the defendants rested their case. The Court were asked to instruct the jury, by the defendant, that
it was necessary for the plaintiff to prove the calls of his patent for the ground, by establishing the different corners, &c. But the Court refused to give the insti'uction as requested, and informed the jury, that, by a rule of Court, the defendants having entered-into the
consent rule, were bound to admit, at the trial, that they are in pos-

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

333

[Games et al. vs. Stiles.]
session of the premises claimed by the lessor of the plaintiff. And there can be no doubt that, under the rule, this decision of the Court was correct.
This Was not a dispute about boundaries, but of title ; and in such a case, the rule referred to is salutary, and supersedes thZ necessity of proving the possession of the defendant. Without this rule, it would have been incumbent on the plaintiff to prove the possession; but this could have been done by any one who had a general knowledge tf the land in controversy, and who could state that the defendant was in possession.
And the Court instructed the jury, that the pendency of the suit against Buchanan and his heirs, could in no sense be held constructive notice to Sterling, in receiving the deed from Buchanan, after the commencement of the suit, unless the process had been served, or publication made, before such deed was executed.
There can be no doubt that this instruction was proper; and, upon the whole, we affirm the judgment of the Circuit Court.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Ohio, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is ordered and adjudged by this Court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed, with costs.

SUPREME COURT.
JEFFERSON L. EDMONDS AND OTHERS, APPELLANTS, vs. ANDERSON
CRENSHAW, APPELLEE.
Where there are two executors in a will, it is clear that each has a right to receive the debts due to the estate, and all other assets which shall come into his hands; and he is answerable for the assets he receives. This responsibility results from the right to receive, and the nature of the trust. A payment of the sums received by him to his co-executor, will riot discharge him from his liability to the estate. He is bound to account for all assets which come into his hands, and to appropriate them according to the directions of the will.
Executors are not liable to each other; but each is liable to the cestuis quo trust and devisees, to the full extent of the funds received by him.
The removal of an executor from a state in which the will was proved, and in which letters testamentary were granted, does not discharge him from his liability as executor; much less does it release him from his liability for assets received by him and paid over to his co-executor.
ON appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of Alabama.
The appellee, with one James M'Morris, was, by the will of Aaron Cates of South Carolina, made on the 8th day of February, 1816, and proved on the 15th of the same month, appointed executor of the will. Letters testamentary were granted to both the executors.
The will directs the estate of the testator to be sold ; and after the payment of the debts, directs the executors to invest the residue of the proceeds of the estate in stocks, for the benefit of certain persons named in the will; and who are.appellants in this case.
The estate was sold, and the accounts were settled by the executors with the ordinary. The executors failed to invest the proceeds of the sales in stocks. This bill was filed to compel a performance of the directions of the will by the appellee.
The defendant; in the Circuit Court, stated in his answer, that the monies of the estate were not invested in stocks in consequence of the opposition of one of the legatees, a complainant in the bill; and because the sums collected were not sufficiently large. That although at the time of the taking out the letters testamentary, he was a resident of South Carolina, yet that in 1819 he removed to Alabama, having first delivered over to his co-executor, M'Morris, all the assets of the estate which had ever come to his hands, and took the receipt of the co-executor for the same, which receipt he filed with the Court of Ordinary which .had granted the letters testamentary, and surrendered to the co-executor the exclusive management of the estate 6f the testator. M'Morris had become insolvent.
The case was heard on the bill, answer, and the receipt; and the Circuit Court ordered the bill to be dismissed. From this decree an appeal was prosecuted to this Court.

JANUARY TERM, 1840,
[Edmonds et al. vsx Crenshaw.]
The case was argued by Mr. Key, for the appellants. appeared for the appellee.

167 No counsel

For the appellants it was contended, that the defendant was bound to invest the proceeds of the sales in the stocks, as directed by the will of Aaron Cates; and that for.any loss occasioned by his failure to do so, he was liable.
The renunciation was of no effect. No discharge from liabilities as executor can be obtained without the action of the Court. His liabilities continued, and they were not changed or ditninished by
his removal to Alabama. The receipt given to him by his co-executor had no operation on
his responsibilities under the will. While it will be admitted that one executor is not liable for payments made to a co-executor; it is denied that a payment of the money by one executor to another, instead of a compliance with the will by investing the money, has no effect on those liabilities. Cited, 1 Williams on Executors, 148, 149. AnLbler, 117. 2Williams,1124. 1 Ventris'Rep.335. 2 Brown's
Ch. Cases, 117. 2 Penn. Rep. 498. Precedents in Chancery, 173.
2 Schoales and Lefroy, Rep. 245. 7 East, 246. 11 Johns. Rep. 16.
116. 16 Ves. Jr. 478. 1 Merivale, 711. 1 P. Williams, 241.

Mr. Justice M'LEAN delivered the opinion of the Court. This is an appeal from the Circuit Court of Alabama. The complainants, who represent themselves to be the devisees
of Aaron Cates, deceased, who, on the 7th of February, 1816, made his will in which he required all his estate, both real and personal, to be sold at public auction, by his executors, on a credit of one,
two, and three years; the purchaser to give two good freehold securities and a mortgage on the property, to secure the payments. Three bequests, of one hundred dollars each, were made to certain
individuals, to one of whom he gave his wearing apparel. After the payment of these bequests, his funeral expenses, and ten per
cent. on monies collected byhis executors, he directed that his executors should vest the entire balance, including the net proceeds of fits estate then in their hands, in bank stock; or in shares or capital of such companies or corporations as in their judgments should be most proper and productive, in trust for certain uses, and subject to certain restrictions: and he appointed "his friends, Anderson Crensha'w and James M'Morris, executors; and on the death of either, the survivor was to be sole executor, with power oflappointing,
either by deed or by will, a proper person to carry into effect the provisions of the will."
On the death of the testator, the executors proved'the will in the
ordinary's office for Newberry district, in the state of South Carolina, and qualified as executors. They caused the property to be appraised and sold, and made returns thereof to the above office: the sale bill, they allege, amounted to the sum of twenty-five. thou-
sand one hundred and forty-four dollars. And the complainants

SUPREME COURT.
[Edmonds et al. vs. Crenshaw.]
state that at the time of his decease, the testator had a considerable sum of money on hand, and that many debts on accounts, notes, bonds, and mortgages, were due to him; and afterwards came into the hands-of 'his executors.
The bill alleges that the defendant, one of the executors, some years since, removed from the state of South Carolina to the state of Alabama, without vesting or causing to be vested any part of the funds belonging to the estate, in the hands of the executors. That the defendant left the state of South Carolina without settling the estate or accounting for the funds which came intp his hands; that M'Morris continued to act as executor; and that there is in the hands of the executors about the sum of sixteen thousand dollars, funds of the estate; and that they have neglected and refused to account for and pay over the same. That M'Morris is insolvent;
and the complainants pray that the executors may account, &c. The defendant, Crenshaw, in his answer, admits that Aaron Cates
made the will, as stated in the bill,.and that it was proved; that he was qualified with M'Morris as executor, made the returns to the ordinary as stated, but does not recollect the amount of the estate. He states that a part of the estate sold by the executors was recovered from the purchasers, by others; and that debts to a considera-
ble amounrf were paid by the executors. He'admits that in the year 1819 he removed to Alabama: and that the executors previous to this time made no investment of the funds, because the amount on hand was small, and Mrs. Wadlington, one of the legatees, and only daughter of the testator; and who was the natural guardian, of her then infant children, who were the principal legatees, opposed such investment by every means in her power.
And' the defendant states that before he left South. Carolina, he surrendered up and delivered over to M'Morris, his co-executor, all the assets of the estate which had come to his hands; including cash, evidences, of debt, and other liabilities; and took from him a receipt, which is made a part of the answer. That until this time, he and
his co-executor had 'made correct returns to. the brdinarir of their proceedings; and that since then, he has not intermeddled with the estate.
The parties.agreed to go to a hearing on the bill and answer; and that the receipt referred to in,.the answer given by M'Morris to the
defendant, should be considered as duly proved. On the bill, answer, and receipt, the question arises whether the
defendant is discharged from the trust under the will. Where there are two executors in a will, it is clear that each has
a right to receive the debts due to the estate, and all other assets which shall conie into his hands; and he is responsible for the assets he teceives, This responsibility results from the right to receive,
and the nature of the trust: and how can he discharge himself from this responsibility?
,n this case the defendant has attempted to discharge himself from, responsibility, by paying over the assets received by him to

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

169

f[Edmonds et al. vs. Crenshaw.]

his co-exL-utor. But such payment cannot discharge him. Having

received the assets in his capacity of executor, he is bound to ac-

count for the same: and he must show that he has made the in-

vestment required by the will, or in some other mode, and i4 con-

.formity with the trust, has applied the funds.

One executor having received funds cannot exonerate himself,

and shift the trust to his co-executor, by paying over to him the sums

received. Each executor' has a right to receive the debts due to

thd estate, and discharge the debtors; but this rule does not apply

as between the executors. They stand ion equal ground, having

equal rights, and the Same responsibilities. They are not liable to

each other, but each is liable to the cestuis que trust, to'the full ex-

tent of the funds he receives. Douglass vs. Satterlee, 11 Johns. 16.

Fairfax's Executors vs. Fairfax, 5 Cranch, 19.

The removal of the defendant from the state did not. render him

incapable of discharging his duties as executor; much less did it

release him from the assets he receive4 and paid over to his co-

executor.

In the case of Griffith vs. Frazier, 8 Cranch, 9, this Court held,

outht alet ttaenrs

executor who testamentary,

absents

himself from

the

state after taking

is still capable of performing, and is houid

to perform, all the duties of executor." This was a case where

there was but onie executor.

The liability of the defendant arises under the laws of South Ca-

rolina, which regulated his duties as executor. He is responsible

for all the assets of whatsoever kind which came into his hands as

executor; and which he has not accounted for and paid over, as

directed by the will.

The Circuit Court held, that the facts set up in the answer, with

the receipt of his co-executor, released the defendant from'his trust;

and from all responsibility under it. In this the Court erred, and

their decree on this ground is reversed and annulled; and the cause

is remanded to that Court, with directions to have an account taken

of all the assets which came into the possession of the defqndant

as executor, and to enter a decree in favou of the complainants

against him, for the amount he. shall have received and not ac-

counted for to the ordinary, and paid over, in conformity with this

opinion.

VOL. XIV.-P

SUPREME COURT.,
TaE LESSEE oF HENRY BREWER, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, VS. JACOR BLOUGHER AND DANIEL BLOUGHER, DEFENDANTS IN ERROR.
Construction of the act of the legislature of Maryland, passed December session, 1825, entitled, " An Act relating to Illegitimate Children," which provides that " the illegitimate child or children of any female, and the issue of any such ciild or children," are declared capable in law "to take and inherit both real and personal estate from their mother end from each other, and from the descendants of each other, as the case may be, in like manner as if born in lawful wedlock."
J. S., who had several, children who were the children of an incestuous connection, conveyed a tract of land in the state of Maryland to one of those children. The grantee died intestate and without issue, seized in fee of the land. Two brothers and one .sister of this incestuous intercoyrse survived him. Held, that under the act of Maryland, "relating to Illegitimate Children," they inherited the estate of their deceased brother.
It is undoubtedly the duty of the Court to ascertain 'the meaning of the legislature from the words used in the statute, and the ubject matter to which it relates; and to restrain ita operation Within narrower limits than its words import, if the Cou't are satisfied that the literal meaning of its language would extend to cases which the legislature never designed to include in it. According.to the pf'inciples of the common law, an illegitimate child is filius nullius, and can have no father known to the law : and when the legislature speaks in general terms of children of that description, without making any exceptions, the Court is bound to suppose they design to include the whole class.
AN a~tion of ejectment was instituted by the plaintiff in, error, a citizen of Pelisy!vania, in the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Maryland, for the recovery of a tract of land situated in Allegany county, in the state of Maryland, called "Part of Grassy Cabin."
The following were the facts of the case, as agreed upon by the parties to the suit.
John Sloan, late of Allegany county, was twice married ; by his first wife he had but one child, namely, Mary Sloan; and by his second wife he had the following children, namely, William Sloan, John Sloan, Elizabeth Sloan, Peggy Sloan, Sally Sloan, and Jane Sloan: and that the plaintiff's lessor is the husband of the said Elizabeth. * After the death of his second wife, John Sloan lived and c.habited with and married Mary Sloan, his daughter, by his first wife, and had by her the following children, viz.: William Sloan, John Joseph Sloan, Mary Sloan, Jesse Sloan. and David Sloan; and William Sloan is since dead.
The said John Sloan, the father, was many years ago seized and possessed of a tract of land lying in Allegany county, Maryland, called "GrassyCabin," containing four hundred twenty-seven and one-fourth acres, to which tract he had an undisputed legal title. * The said John Sloan being so seized and possessed of the said tract of land, conveyed the same for a valuable consideration, by a deed of bargain and sale, duly executed, acknowledged, and re/corded according to law, to John Joseph Sloan, and that the said

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

179

[The Lessee of Brewer vs. Blougher.]
John' Joseph Sloan became and was seized and possessed of the said tract of land, under and by virtue of the said deed.
The said John Sloan, the father, and Mary Sloan, his said daughter, by his first wife, bothtdeparted this life about the'year 1826, and the said John Joseph Sloan died about the year 1832, seized and possessed of the said tract of land, intestate, and without issue, and unmarried; leaving Mary Sloan, Jesse Sloan, and David Sloan, his
brothers and sister, children of the said Mary Sloan, by her said
father as aforesaid, him surviving. That the said Mary Sloan, Jesse Sloan, and David Sloan, being
possessed of and claiming title to the spiid tract of land, called
"Grassy Cabin," by descent from the said John Jose-qh. Sloan, conveyed the same, by a deed of bargain and sale duly executed, ac-
knowledged, and recorded according to law, to Jacob Blougher and Daniel Blougher, the defendants.
After the death of the said John Joseph Sloan, the plaintiff, Henry Brewer, obtained out of the Western Shore land office, a special
warrant of escheat, to re-survey and affect, the said tract of land, called "Grassy Cabin," for an alleged want of the heirs of John Joseph Sloan, who died seized thereof, in fee, and intestate as aforesaid; and the patent was granted to the said Henry Brewer.
The, pdtent was in legal form, and recited the escheat of the land, "for want of heirs of John Joseph Sloan, who died seized of the premises."
The question for the 'decision of the Circuit Court, upon these facts was, Whether, upon the death of the said John Joseph Sloan, according to the laws and statutes of Maryland, the said tract of land, "Grassy! Cabin," did not pass by descent to the said Mary Sloan, Jesse Sloan, and David Sloan, his illegitimate sister and brothers as aforesaid. If the Court shall be of opinion that tle said tract of land did not so pass by descent, then judgment to be given with costs for the plaintiff. If the Court shall be of opinion that the said tract of land did so pass by descent, then judgment, to be given with costs, for the defendants. Either party to be at liberty to appeal or sue out a writ of error; it being admitted that the value of the land
in controversy is at least twenty-five hundred dollars. The Circuit Court gave a judgment for the defendants; and the
plaintiff prosecuted this writ of error.

The case was argued by Mr. Pigman, for the plaintiff inerror,
who also submitted a printed argument by Mr. Mayer, also for the plaintiff. 'A printed argument for the defendants was submitted to the Court by Mr. Price.

Mr. Pigman, for the. plaintiff. The plaintiff in error, being a citizen of the state of Pennsylvania,
claiming title to the tract of land called "Part of Grassy Cabin," which is mentioned in the declaration in the record, as being in Allegany county, in the state of Maryland, brought his action of:

SUPREME COURT.
[The Lessee of Brewer vs, Blougher.]
ejectment against the defendants in error, residing in the latter state, in the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Maryland, to try his title to said tract of land. The plaintiff holdg title to his land by patent from the State of Maryland, issued by the legal authorities of that state, upon an escheat warrant from the land office, by virtue of the acts of Maryland, of October session, 1780, ch. 51, sec. 5, and 1781, ch. 20, sec. 8. The plaintiff applied to the land office of the state of Maryland for his escheat warrant, upon the ground that one John Joseph Sloan died in the state of Maryland, intestate, seized in fee simple of the land mentioned in his patent, without issue, and without heir or heirs who could have inherited. The facts upon which the questions of law will arise are settled by agreement filed by consent, and makepart of the recprd.
The act of 1780, ch. 51, sec. 5, enacts "that any lands within the state of Maryland, of which any person shall die seized in fee simple, without any heir of the whole blood who could inherit, or without leaving any relative of the half blood, such lands shall escheat to the state." And by the act of 1781, ch. 20, sec. 8, escheat warrants are authorized to be issued 'from the land office "when the owner shall die intestate, seized in fee simple, without having any relation of the half blood within two degrees, as the same are reckoned by the common law, and without leaving any relation who might inherit."
It appears by the agreement of counsel filed in the cause, that one John Sloan, late of Allegany county, was twice married: by his firstwife he bad but one child, namely, Mary Sloan; and by his second wife he had the following children, namely, William Sloan, John Sloan, Elizabeth Sloan, Peggy Sloan, Sally SloPLn, and Jane Sloan.
After the death of his second wife, the said John Sloan lived, and cohabited with, and married Mary Sloan, his said daughter by his first wife; and had by her the following children, namely, William
Sloan, John Joseph Sloan, Mary Sloan, Jesse Sloan, and David Sloan; and that William Sloan is since dead.
The said John Sloan being seized and possessed of a tract of land' lying in Allegany county, called " Grassy Cabin," containing four hundred twenty-seven and one-fourth acres, conveyed the same by deed of bargain and sale, for a valuable consideration, to the said John Joseph Sloan.
The said John Joseph Sloan died about the year 1832, seized and
possessed of the said tract of land, intestate, and without issue, and unmarried, leaving Mary Sloan, Jesse Sloan, and David Sloan, his brothers and sister, children of the said Mary Sloan, by her father, as aforesaid. The said Mary, Jesse, and David, conveyed the said tract of land by deed to Jacob Blougher and Daniel Blougher, the
defendants. After the death of the said John Joseph Sloan, the plaintiff in error
obtained out of the Western Shore land offce, in the state of Mary-

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

181

[The Lessee of Brewer v8sB. lougher.]
land, a warrant of escheat, to re-survey and affect the said eract of land, called '1 Grassy. Cabin," for want of heirs of John Joseph Sloan, and obtained his patent, which patent appears in the record.
The question for the decision of the Circuit Court by the agreement filed, was, whether upon the death of the said John Joseph Sloan, according to the laws and statutes of Marylafhd, the said tract of land, called " Grassy,6abin," did not descend to the said Mary Sloan, Jesse Sloan, and David Sloan, his illegitimate sister and brothers, as aforesaid. The Circuit Court, upon the facts stated, gave judgment for the defendants, upon the ground that the said tract of land did descend to the said Mary Sloan, Jesse Sloan, and
David Sloan. From which judgment the plaintiff appealed to this Court,
It is admitted in the statement of facts that John Joseph Sloan, and his brothers and sister the children of John and Mary Sloan, as aforesaid, were illegitimate;the marriage of the father and daughter being prohibited and made void by a law of Maryland, entitled, "an act concerning marriage," passed in 1777, ch. 12.
At common law, therefore, John Joseph Sloan, and his brothers, and sister, being bastards, in the eye of the law, were nullius filius, and 'incapable of inheriting as heirs either to their putative father, or mother, or to any one else; and John Joseph Sloan, in regard to the common law, having died intestate, and without heirs of his own body, the tract of land called, "Grassy Cabin," escheated to the state of Maryland, and was properly granted by patent to the
plaintiff in error. But it is contended on the part of the defendants, that by a law
of Maryland, of 18251 ch. 156, entitled, "an act relating to illegitimate children," the brothers and sister of John Joseph Sloan, who survived him, were such heirs at law, and relations of their deceased brother, to whom his said estate might descend; and that said estate
did'not, therefore, escheat to the state of Maryland. We contend on the part of the plaintiff in error, that the Circuit
Court committed an error in this ; that upon the statement of facts and the laws of the state of Maryland, the judgment of the Circuit Court ought to have been given, for the plaintiff, and not for the defendants:
1. Because the plaintiff's patent for his land, issued by the legal
authorities of the state of Maryland is good, and that he had, therefore, a right to recover his title in the Circuit Court : the said John Joseph Sloan having died intestate, without issue, or heirs or relations that could inherit.
2. Because, notwithstanding, by the letter of said law, there is but one category of illegitimate children ; it was never inteoded to extend to children of incest; and more especially to children of incest from father and daughter.
3. Because he law of 1825, ch. 156, from its ette and terms, is morally and legally impossible to be executed w th a iy reasonable certainty; and cannot be ekecuted in any of its partsi if the whole
VOL. XIV,-Q

18

SUPREME COURT.

[TheLessee of Brewer w. Blougher.]
ought not to be received, in consequence of the absurdities to which it leads.
4. Because the proviso of the law is repugnant to, and contradicts its purview, or first providing clause, and renders the whole null and void.
5. Because it was not, the intention of the legislature to embrace any illegitimate children, *but those who could be legitimated by
marriage and acknowledgment of the parents. With.regard to the first hnd'second points, it is not necessary to
proceed with an extended argument, because the correctness of the position contained in them depends upon the other points stated, and more especially, perhaps, on the fifth.
In regard to the third, it is proper to observe, that the act of 1825, eh. 156, has never received any construction by the Maryland Courts; and is,,therefore, open for the judgment of this Court, and must now be finally settled by it.
As it stands upon the statute book with all its latitudinous letter, it is sui generis. Though of an exceedingly general and comprehensive character, it occupies but a small space in print. At a first glance, it: appears to be sensible enough, as the offspring of a grave legislative body. But when we approach it ,with sedate and sobeX inquiry, to ascertain its meaning and bearing, and the great'design
of the Maryland lawgivers of 1825-; it may be termed not inaptly, monomaniac; without great caution in bringing to our aid the most
rigid rules of construction, it will carry Maryland back, without the intention of her legislature, to the most dark and uncivilized ages of antiquity., It is no well inspired oracle, but rather a rickety
bantling of the law, that ought not to thrive in the nursery of judi-
cature. To enable us the more clearly and-successfully to present our
objections to this act, we will preaont, to the Court the incontrovertible law maxim settled by Lord Coke, and his associates, in Dr. Benham's caqc, in 4 Coke's Reports, 368. It was in that case:
settled, that, when an act of Parliament is against common right and reason, or repugnant, or impossible to be performed, the common law shall control it, and adjudge it to be void. In discussing this maxim, so sound and pregnant with good sense, we shall apply
it by analogy to the act under consideration. This maxim, if applicable to the act in question, will not only be
entitled to great reverence and respect, but will be received as proper law, to overthrow and altogether reject the act of 1825.
All legislative enactments which change and restrain the common law, shall M3taken stricti juris, 19 Viner's Abridg. 524, see. 125; and this rule will be claimed as settled, both in regard to our objec-
tions to the act in lintine, which are intefided to overthrow and reject it; and in discussing its merits, when looking for the meaning and intention of the legislature.
The original design of the first move of the Maryland legislature of the session of 1825, appears to have been to provide, that from

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

183

(The Lessee of Brewer vs. Blougher]
and after the passage of the act, the illegitimate children of any female should be able and capable in law to take and inherit both real and pers6nal estate from their mother, or from each other derived from their mother, in like manner as if born in lawful wedlock.- This, with proper guards and limitations, would have been seihsible and right enough; and the only mischief to result from it, would be to indirectly encourage the illicit commerce of the sexes. But it more accords with natural justice, that the illegitimate children of any female, within proper limits, should inherit her estate, rather than her brothers and sisters anq other collaterals. But how utterly thoughtless and careless, even in this, the legislature has been! Suppose such female should have illegitimate children by one man, and afterwards marry another, and have children in lawful wedlock, and dies seized of real and personal estate: how shall such estate descend? To he illicit, brood exclusively, or to both illicit and marriage children? Suppose such female should have illegitimate children by one man, and afterwards marry 'another, and have lawful children; and afterwards break away from her husband, to whom she was affianced, which often happens, and have children in adultery, and finally, she dies intestate, leaving real and personal estate: how will such estate descend ? To the first illicit brood, the second set in marriage, or the third in adultery, or will it descend equally among all ?
Suppose further, that such female should have illegitimate children: by a negro, which we know often happens in the lower ranks of life, after she has had white illegitimate children, and dies intestate seized of real and personal estate: is it to descend equally among the blacks .and whites? We have no definitions, limitations, or guards in all such matters; except the proviso, so important to the purity and correctness of social intercourse in the state. And even in regard to the right of inheritance of illegitimate children from their mother, for the want of proper guards, the act in question is clearly unreasonable. And if the naxim of Lord Coke, that "an act of Parliament against reason is void," is to be received in this Court; the law ought to be rejected, and all.claims to titles to property under this law ought to be arrested by the judgment of this CQur.
But the act of 1825, ch. 156, is still more unreasonable, and objectins increase and thicken, upon us as our examination is in progress. From the careless manner of its enactment, the legislature
has rendered itself liable to be misunderstood, and its teue'intention frustrated. It has, indeed, if the letter be adhered to, made a general act to direct, descents for the benefit of all' illegitimate children of any female who is the propositus in the law, and who is to be the stirps whence these relations are to branch out, from fathers and mothers without marriage; and this too, embracing bastards issuing from adultery, and from incest of father and dat hter, and even son ,and mother; -if the .depravity of the human heart shall ever let loose such unbridled passions: and also embracing in its

184

SUPREME COURT.

,[The Lessee of Brewer vs. Blougher.]
confusion, bastards lineal and collateral, running into the same incest and adultery, and bastards of colour mingled with whites, and all too in like manner as if born in lawful wedlock. But in such a state of illegitimacy, how could persons and families proceeding from such female, as the root, establish their right to inherit any estate from each other? According to the position assumed, (i. e. if the letter be strictly adhered, to,) here is a general act to direct illegitimate-descents; and all the issue both lineal and colla teral, in the ascending and descending lines, to endless generations, would be capable of inheriting from the "female," who is named as the propositus in the laW. Does it -require any argument to demonstrate that such a law could not be enfbrced, because it would be impossible to trace such issue with any thing like 'certainty? Yet if the law be received by this Court in the full sweep of its letter, it must stand in the statute book like' all other acts to direct descents, for the benefit of all persons claiming under it. But how could be traced the ailcestors of a bastard, up to a grandfather or great grandfather, grand uncle or great grand uncle, in the ascending line; or the reverse in the descending line, all too, in bastardy.? When lineage is traced within the pale of wedlock, there is evi
dence and certainty to rest upon; but without that sacred union, all i incertitude and confusion. To ascertain the pedigree of an individual whose ance'tors were all bastards, would be impossible. It is, therefore, impossible to execute the law, according to the letter; and it cannot be so received by judicature.
Suppose Maryland, or any state in this Union, should pass a
general law to' direct descents of real and personal estate, out of wedlock. Could it lead to any thing else but absolute confusion? But if the letter of the act of 1825, ch. 56, be adhered to, it is necessarily just Such a law as that supposed; and necessarily leads to the same absurdities and unreasonable results, and is equally impossible to'be executed. Can it, then, be received in one part, if the whole together is Unreasonable and inipossible 'to be executed.-
4. The proviso~of the law is repugnant to, and contradicts its purview or first providing 'clause, and renders the whole null and void.
The proviso is as follows: "Provided, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to alter or change the law respecting illegitimate persons, whose parents may after the birth of such persons, and who are by them acknowledged, agreeably to the seventh section of the act of Assembly, passed at December session, eighteen
hundred ard twenty, chapter one hundred and ninety-one." There is no principle better settled, than that if the proviso is di-
rectly repugnant tO the purview, the proviso shall stand and operate as a repeal-of the purview. 19 Viner's Abridg. 522, see. 105.
Is this proviso, then, directly repugnant to the purview? The purview changes the law of 1820, ch. 191, sec. 7, inthis; it allows tle illegitimate child or children of any female, to inherit bt4: real and personal estate from 'their mother, or from each other, without marriage or acknowledgment of the father. Whereas, the act of

JANUARY TERM,1840.

185

[The Lessee of Brewer vs. Bloughr.]

r1e8n2,0t,ochb.e 1c9a1p,asbelee.,.7,"will not allow any illegitimate child or chi'din law to inherit and transmit inheritance, with-
out marriage and acknowledgment of the father. It is evident,
therefore, that the act of 1825 intended to change, and did actually change, that of 1820, which the proviso declares shall not be altered
or changed. The proviso declares that the law of 1820 shall stand firm, with-
out change or alteration ; and the act of 1825, quoad hoc, makes a very material change and altcration. Without such change and al-
teration, the law of 1825 would be wholly useless. The proviso, therefore, is clearly repugnant to the purview, and
overthrows the law altogether. The counsel for the defendafit has filed his brief, in which he does
not deny that the proviso is repugnant; but simpIy states, that the proviso has nothing to do with this question. He was invited by u,
to discuss the proviso, but has declined it. By the fixed rules of law, we must give the act of 1825 a strict
construction, as it intends to change thetommon law. The common law, we learned in our early studies, is the perfection of reason, and is, always jealous of its own importance; and requires every statute which invades itm authority to be carefully Watched and

strictly- construed.

How, then, by strict construction, can this proviso be otherwise

than repugnant? Will the Court be disposed to keep 'strictly to the

fetter in the purview, and depart from it in the proviso ?

The proviso strangled the act of 1825, and it fell stillborn from

the hands of the law makers, before it sa* the light, to annoy and

-disturb the good order and purity of social, intercourse. For with

the entire latitudinous results to which ifleads, if unrestrained by ju-

dicial powers, it will be "a horrid monster, huge, shapeless, and de-

prived of sight, Conceived in ignorance, and "brought! forth by

presumption ;" or rather perhaps from carelessness more 1han ino-

rance.

Will the Court depart-from the rule, and give the act of 1825 a

liberal construction, instead of holding it stricti juris? Will it apply

the proviso to something beyond its letter, to bring it, into harmony

with the purview, and prevent it from being repugnant, and so save

the law from its own nugatory terms?

One of the maxims of Lord Coke, that in regard to a repugnant

clause, was received, we presume, and acted on by this Court, in the

case of The United States vs. Cantrill,:4 Cranch, 167. That ca e

was certified from the Circuit Court of the District of Georgia, and

arose under the act of Congress of the 27th June, 1798, made to

punish frauds committed on the first Bank of the United States.

Cantrill was indicted for falsely and feloniously uttering and pub-

lishing, as a true bank bill of the United States, with intent to de-

fraud one William Gibson, a certain false, forged, and counterfeit

paper, partly written and partly printed, purporting to be a bank

bill of the United States, for ten dollars, sigued by Thomas Willing,

q 2

24

SUPREME COURT.
[The Lessee of Brewer vs. B1Qugher.]
president, and G. Simpson, cashier. Upon a verdict of guilty, a
motion was made in arrest of judgment, and reasons filed, one of which was, " Because the act of Congress, passed 27th June, 1798, entitled, ' An act to punish frauds ommitted on the Bank of the
United States,' under which the prisoner is indicted, or so.much thereof as relates to the charge set forth in the indictment, is inconsistent, repugnant, and therefore void."
The act of Congress, as far as it describes the offence charged against Cantrill, is in the following words: "If any person shall utter or publish as true, any false, forged, or counterfeited bill or note, issued by order of the president, directors, and dompany
of the Bank of the United States, and signed by the president, and countersigned by the cashier thereof, with intention to defraud said corporation," &c. &c.
The question being submitted without argument, Chief Justice Marshall delivered the opinion of the Court, that the judgment ought to be arrested for tlae reasons assigned in the record. The words in italics were held to be inconsistent and repugnant, inasmuch as they made it a crime to publish as true any false, forged, or counterfeit bill or note, issued by order of the president,directors,and company of the Bank of the United States,signed by thepresident, and countersigned by the cashier. A note issued by the order of the board, and signed by the president, and countersigned by the
cashier, being genuine, could not be false and forged, and could not be falsely uttered and published, and put into circulation by Cantrill or any one else, and the law was, therefor#, inconsistent and repugnant. Congress was afterwards obliged to amend the law in this respect.
5. That it was not the intention of the legislature by the act of 1825 to embrace any bastards, except such as could be legitimated by marriage. We have examined with great care, and reflected much upon this branch of the cause. The law of 1825, and all other laws of Maryland, to, which it refers, or to which it has any affinity, in regard to. the commerce of the sexes, law ful or illicit, have been carefully examined, weighed and considered ; and all the authorities, American and British, and of other civilized states, in the least calculated to ijlustrate and enlighten on this point, have been collected for the examination of the Court. The result has always been the clearest conviction that the legislature of Maryland did not, at the time of passing the act of 1825, think of or intend any illegitimate child or children,.except such as could be le~itimated by marriage. If any other interpretation shall be made and prevail, however well intended, it will, we hold, be a violation of the legislative will.
In the argument upon this poia, we shall take the following positions as true and incontrovertible. 1. That all civilized states have
l oked upon, incest with the greatest abhorrence. 2., That no civilized state has at any time permitted illegitimate children, proceeding from inest, to inherit. 3. That it will be a aoveie internretation of

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

1,87

[The Lessee of Brewer vs. Bloughqr.]
the act Of 1825, to settle down upon Maryland a civil code, by implication, drawn. out of a law having on its face evident signs of being made in a careless hour; when all otherf civilized states have uniformly rejected such a civil code, and when it cannot be doubted that Maryland herself would instantly reject such a code, if openly proposed for her deliberation.
Incestuous marriages have always been regarded with abhorrence by-the, soundest writers, and the thost polished states of antiquity; and an incestuous connection between an uncle and niece has been adjudged, by a great master of public law, a nuisance. 2 Kent, 81. Burgess vs. Burgess, 1 Haggart's Consistory Reports, 368. And such a connection was held in equal abomination by Justinian's Code. Code 5, 8 ; 2. No civilized -state has at any time allowed by law,. illegitimate children, proceeding from incest or adultery, to inherit. 5 Wheaton's Rep. 262., Note A. Civil Code of Louisiana, title, "Illegitimate. Children. Napoleon Code, Illegitimatt Children.
To sustain the argument upon the fifth and last point, to prove -that it was not the intention of the legislature of Maryland to embrace any bastards, except such who could be legitimated by marriage, we proceed to lay before the Court all acts of the General Assembly of that state, which may be connected with the act of 1825, by reference or affinity, in regard to the lawful or illicit commerce of the sexes. Several of them, if not all, must be taken in pari ma-teria; and before we are drawn into the vortex of the letter of the act of 1825, without restriction or limitation, for the better understanding of the intention of the legislature, we will collect all her .legislation on this subject, to demonstrate and establish the intention and interpretation for which the plaintiff contends.
The act of 1777, ch. 12, entitled, " An act concerning marriages," to prevent incestuous marriages; Settles the degrees of kindred and affinity, .andm- akes the marriage of John Sloan and his daughter void; and by the second section of the act, a fine of five hundred pounds is imposed upon persons who violate the law. Here we will barely remark, that it ought not to be presumed that the Gener.aAlssembly would'authorize the issue of an incestuous marriage to inherit, when that issue proceeded from a connexion in palpable violation of a standing law of the state.
The next law which has any affinity to that before the Couri, is the act to direct descents, 1786, ch. 45 ;,and it is produced to show, that our legislature has in more than one instance, from negligence, authorized by the letter of the law a construction which the Maryland Courts would not give; always restraining the letter by judicial power to prevent mischief.
The second section of the act of 1786, ch. 45, provides how land shall descend, "first to the pliild or children and their descendants, if any." Now, is not "the child or children" here, as comprehensive as "illegitimate child or children," in the act of 1825 ? And Would not the words "child or children," in the act to direct descents,

SUPREME COURT.
(The Lessee of Brewer vs. Blougher.]
if a Court would be governed by the mere letter, embrace any child or children, in or out of wedlock, of incest, adultery, or of amalgamation ? And yet his honour the Chief Justice knows, that our constant exposition of the act to direct descents is, that it shall be confined to a child oi children born in wedlock, or legitimated by marriage, according to the degrees of kindred and affinity settled by the marriage act of 1777.
Again, by the seventh section of the act of 1786, to direct descents, ,it is enacted, "that if any man shall have one or more children by any woman whom he shall afterwards marry, such child or children, if acknowledged by the man, shall, in virtue of such marriage and acknowledgment be hereby legitimated, and capable in law to inherit and traasmit inheritance, as if born in lawful wedlock." Now by the letter of this section, the marriage act is changed; and the man is at large to marry his daughter or his mother, hi neighbour's wife, or his negro slave. And yet his honou the Chief Justice knows, that our uniform exposition has been, that the letter shall be confined to a woman according to the degrees fixed by the marriage
act of 1777. The act of 1820, chap. 191, (which is in truth, by the reference in
the proviso of the act of 1825, made part of the latter act,) in its seventh section, is precisely the same as the seventh section of the act of 1786, and would by the letter of that sectidn change the marriage act of 1777, and allow a man in the wide field of his lust to marry his daughter or his mother, his neighbour's wife, or his negro slave. And yet his honour the Chief Justice knows, that our uniform exposition has been, that the letter, shall be restrained according, to the degrees fixed by the marriage act of 1777.
Can any one doubt that the legislature, when it passed the law 1820, chap. 191,.and copied in its seventh section the entire seventh section of the act of 1786, ch. 45, had deliberately examined and considered the seventh section of the act of 1786, ch. 45, and intended nothing more than a re-enactment of the same matter, which it was thought fit and proper to be a standing law of the state? But it may be asked, what proof have we of this? We answer, that the legislature of 1820 inserted in the seventh section
of the act of that year, v-erbatim et literatim, the whole sevepth section of the act of 1786., Before it was thus copied, it must have
been read, examined, and considered, and the contents fully known and understood, and must therefore have been fully in the legislative mind. Are we not all clearly satisfied of this? '
Now if the Court shall conclude that the act of 1825 ought to be received by judicature for grave interpretation, let us apply the same rule and mode of reasoning by analogy to the acts of 1820 and 1825; and it will be clearly demonstrated that the'act of 1825 did
not intend to embrace any bastards except such who could be legi-
tiiated by marriage. It appears to us clear, that, to understand fully and without any
misapprehension the act of 1825, that the act and the law of 1820

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

189

[The Lessee of'Brewer vs. Blougher.]

must be taken in pari materia. For this part of ue argument, and to enable us to apply it with greater force, let us again refer to the law of 1825. It,is entitled, "An Act relating to Illegitimate Child-
ren," and is as follows: "Be it enacted by the General Assembly of Maryland, that from and after the passage of this act, the illegitimate child or children of any female, and the issue of any such illegitimate child or children be, and they are hereby, declared to be
able and capable ir law to take and inherit both real and personal estate from their mother or from each other, or from the descendants of each other, as the case may be, in like manner as if born in lawfulwedlodk: Provided, that nothing herein contained shall be
construed to alter or change the law respecting illegitimate persons, whose parents marry after the birth of such persons, and who are by them acknowledged, agreeably to the seventh section of the act
of Assembly, passed at December session, eighteen hundred and twenty, chapter one hundred and ninety-one."
Notwithstanding it is evident that this act was passed in a careless hour, without proper guards and limitations in the purview; the proviso, although inconsistent and repugnant, will afford us a kcy to unlock and throw open to our minds the true.meaning and intention of the legislature.
To do full justice to the legislature, the act of 1825 ought to be received as'an appendix to the act of 1820. The proviso proves to
us beyond all doubt several important matters, to enable us to discern the real intention of the legislature. When that is once clearly discerned, the judgment of this Court must, we hold, conform to it, as the only rule of construction.
In the first place, the proviso informs us, by the very special and particular reference to the year, chapter, and section of the act of 1820, that the committee, or persons having the matter in charge,
had carefully and deliberately examined the act of 1820, and reported their proceedings to the legislative body before the passage of the law. The'question here is, what evil or grievance did the legislature discover as still existing under the act of 1820, ch. 191, see. 7, which ought to be provided for and redressed ? The evil and grievance discerned was evidently this, and nothing more: 'That by the act of 1820, ch. 191, sec. 7, no illegitimate child or children could be legitimated so as to be capable in law to inherit or transmit inheritance, without marriage and acknowledgment of the father. If any woman, being seduced by the'artful addresses of a man, shall have an illegitimate child or children, and die intestate, leaving real and personal estate, it is but just and honest that such estate shall descend to her own natural children, in preference to a descent to her collateral relations. When reading, deliberating on, and exa-. mining the act of 1820, ch. 191, see. 7, did the legislature find any,
other bastards than such as could be legitimated by marriage ? Is there the least shadow Of reason to suppose that any others entered
at all into the mind of any member of the legislature? Nay, does
not the proviso itself take us back to the act of 1820, ch. 191, see.

190

SUPREME COURT.

[The Lessee of Brewer vs. Blougher.]

7, and point, out exaetly the illegitimate child and children the legislature had in view ? If we had been present and witnes ed all tht. deliberations on the subject; if we had now every member of the General Assembly before us as witnesses, and they should all inform
us that nothing more was intended than such children as were found named in the act of 1820, ch. 191, sec. 7,. could it be more conclu-
sive than the information given by the proviso? The proviso is certainly part of the law of 1825, and must be
brought to our aid in the interpretation of that law. For nothing
is better settled than tlhis, that "one part of an act of parliament may expound another." 19 Vin. Abr. 527, sec. 1.49, and the references there. This is often done, even where the-re is no express *saving in form, when it evidently leads to the true meaning of' the legislature. We be to any Court that shall consider itself in absolute control by the mere letter of this legislative enactment, evidently leading to mischief; and when the law presents a clear presumption that the
legislature intended something other than the letter. Can we believe that children of incest, adultery, and aiiialgamation were ever intended by the law? Take out, we pray, this hybridous and impure
issue, or you will do great injustice to the intention of the legis-
lature. To further illustrate and prove that the legislature by the act of
1825, intended to embrace only such children as could be legitimated by marriage, according to the act of 1820, ch. 191, sec. 7, we will now refer to several other Maryland laws, which by their
affinity properly belong to the argument. And as we progress, we shall insist that the legislature, when merely remedying a grievance, still existing in the state, could not by this enactment, sweeping as are its terms, have intended to abandon the fixed standard of purity so long erected by the sages of Maryland.
And what is that standard of purity, as gathered from all her laws upon the subject? Let us pass them in review, as proposed, in order to discover it.
By the act of 1777, ch. 12, a penalty of five hundred pounds is incurred by persons Who shall consummate an incestuous marriage.
By the act of 1715, ch. 27, see. 3, every case of adultery' is
punished by fine. The commerce of the two races of whites and blacks has, by the
laws of the state, been, strictly prohibited A free negroor mulatto intermarrying with a white woman, becomes a' slave for life. A white woman having issue by any negro or mulatto, is made a servant for seven years. White men having issue by any negress or mulatto, become servants for seven years. Free negro or mulatto women, having bastard issue by white men, are subject to the same
penalty. Acts of 1715, ch. 44; 1717, ch. 13; 1728, ch. 4.
Now can it be supposed that the legislature, being cognisant of all these laws, and knowing the universal sentiment of the state in reference to their purity, could have intended at once to abandon them all,
and provide for all the illegitimate and illicit issue that can by any

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

191

[The Lessee of Brewer vs. Blougher.]
possibility be -reached by the letter of the act of 1825 ? Bear in mind too, that there never had been in the history of Maryland any illegitimate children under the fostering hand of the, government, except such as could be legitimated by marriage. Can it be supposed, then, that the legislature intended thus at once to abandon all her former policy and purity; and make provision for all the incestuous, illicit, and hybridous issues within.the scope of the letter of the act of 1825 ? Surely, surely not.
Throughout the argument, we have held the governing rule to be, that the judges ought to interpret the law, and not to make or give law. This rule makes it the more proper that the greatest care and diligence should be used: first, in bringing to our aid the grand and leading objects of th Maryland legislature, in passing the law of 1825 ; and then in considering every part of that law with its reference and appendage. When putting a construction upon any statute whatever, the judges will endeavour to save the legislature from absurdity and folly; as it cannot be presumed that men of sound minds would willingly and deliberately stultify themselves. But above all things, and most especially will the judges endeavour to arrive at the intention of the legislature; and when that is once ascertained, readily gratify it, no matter how loose or careless may be the language in which that intention is clothed. We have endeavoured to show, that any other construction than that for which we contend, would involve the legislature in folly,; and further, we think we have disclosed the true, clear intention of the legislature in passing the act of 1825; both from the universal sentiment of the state, as well as all prior Maryland laws on the subject, and particularly that important one which the act in question expressly refers to by year, chapter, and section.
As a leading case upon the construction of statutes, which directs the judges to restrain the letter in order to get at the intention, we cite Dr. Bohman's case, 4 Coke's 'Rep. 368. 19 Viner's' Abridg. 514, see. 34; 518, sec. 81, and the note 519, note 522, see. 109,.note 523, sec. 116; 527, sec. 149.
Judges have power over statutes to mouTd them to the truest and best use. , 19 Viner's Abridg. 528, sec. 154. 158, 159.
When laws or statutes are made, yet there are some things which are exempted and foreprized out of the provision thereof, though not expressly mentioned. .19 Viner's Abridg. 527, sec. 147; 524, secS. t1a1tu9t,;es52w3h,icshee.re1s1tr6ai;n51,4, see. 27-31.
the common law to be taken stricti juris. 19 Viner's Abridg. 524, sec. 125.
Our researches, for the better understanding of the matters involved in this discussion, have informed us, that all civilized states that have deliberately formed a civil code, uniformly have prohibited the issue from, incest or adultery from the right of inherit4nce. Shall Maryland, then, by mere implication, and a forced construction of a single act of her legislature, evidently made'for another

192

SUPREME COURT.

[The Lessee of Brewer vs. Blougher.
purpose, have a civil code -fixed upon her, that oher'people have ever abhorred; and Wrhich, if proposed openly,. would be instantly rejected by her legislature ? Such an important code as that, dissenting from all civilized usage, ought never to be fastened upon any Aiodern state. We have endeavoured to maintain,,that it is not the civil code of Maryland, and that it never will be' with the consent of her people ; and now, as one of her citizens, we enter our protest against such a presumption.
A printed brief has been filed in Court, by the counsel for the defendant. But it mistakes our position. It supposes that the plaintiff desires the Court to punish the incestuous issue of John and Mary Sloan; and contends that the plaintiff is endeavouring to make such issue something more than illegitimate. This is not that, for which the plaintiff contends. The purity of the law, which always extends less favour to illegitimate children than to legitimate, was not intended to punish the innocent, but to prevent the illicit commerce of the sexes. The illegitimate children from the incest
in this cause, are, it is true, illegitimate. But they are not such as
the legislature intended to embrace.
We think we have demonstrated this clearly and successfully to the Court. If they. were not intended to be embraced -by the legis-
lature, this Court cannot embrace them. If so, this Court would
be making a law, not interpreting that before it.

Mr. Price, for the defendants in error. John Sloan, having married his own daughter, and having had several children by her, conveyed to one of those children a tract of land, and upon the death of such grantee, the rest of the children,
claiming the property by descent, conveyed the same to the defendants in error. The question is, and it is the only question in the case, whether a good title did not pass by descent from the grantee of John Sloan to hi brothers and sisters ?
The :at of 1825, cb. 156, (of Maryland,) provides, "That the illegitimate child or children of any female, and the issue of any such illegitimate child or children, be, and they are hereby declared to be, able and. capable, in law, to take and inherit both real .and personal estate from their mother, or from each other, or from the descendants of each other, as the case may be, in like manner as if born in lawful wedlock." Then follows a proviso, which has no applicationto the present question.
If this were the case of legitimate children, their right by descent would not, as it could not, be questioned. But the act provides that
illegitimate children shall inherit "in the same manner as if born in lawful wedlock." There is no distinction, therefore, in this-connection, between legitimate and illegitimate children; they all take
alike.
It ii admitted that these children are illegitimate, and in that respect are within the letter of the law; but it is insisted that they

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

193

[The Lessee of Brewer vs. Blougher.]
are something more than illegitimate, beig -the fruits of an incestuous commerce between the father and daughter, and for that reason not within the intention of the law makers.
It is supposed that the Court will feel itself called upon to show its disapprobation of the incest of the parents, by withholding from their unoffending offspring, property, to 'which, in other respects, they have a good title. The law, however, declares that the sins of the parents shall not be visited upon the children. And is this forbidden by any canon of the moral code ? 'On the contrary, is it not wise and just to enable the children to rise above the degrading accidents of their birth, by placing within their reach every means of improvement, and every incitement to a virtuous and exernp.laBryutliifef?they are to be marked and degraded as victims, why not carry it out fully and effectually ? Why permit them to vote at the elections ? or to hold any office ? or to marry into honest families? or to hold property by purchase ?
It is- conceived to be necessary to punish incest. And how is it proposed that this shall be done ? It is by sufferitng the guilty to escape, and by seizing the innocent, and making them bear the penalty. The parents were permitted to hold and enjoy this property all their lives; and, after their death, the law is to step in and take it away from the children, as an example to the parents.*
But why speak of punishing incest? It is no crime. These parents were permitted to'live in open incest, because there was no laW to punish them. We feel it to be immoral and highly revolting; but, in reference to the criminal law, it is an act perfectly innocent. It is a little surprising, therefore, that the Court should be called upon to visit, with condign punishment, an act which the law does not regard as calling for penalty or punishment of any kind..

Mr. Mayer, for the plaintiff in error. The decision here depends on the constructioil of the law of Maryland, (1825, ch. 156,) which enacts, "That the illegitimate child or children of any female, and the issue of such child or children, shall be able and capable in law to take and inherit both real and personal estate from their mother or from each other, or from

the descendants of each other, as the case may be, in like manner as if born in lawful wedlock: Provided, that nothing in this act contained shall be construed to alter or change the law respecting illegitinate persons whose parents 'marry after the birth of such persons, and who are by them acknowledged, agreeably to the seventh section of the act of Assembly, passed at December session, eighteen hundred and twenty, chapter one hundred and ninety-one."

The defendants claim under the title of one of an incestuous issie; and upon the ground that one of that issue may inherit front another, under the law now quoted. The act of 1820, ch. 191, see. 7, reerred to in the proviso of that just recited, declares that "if any man shall have a child or children by any woman whom he shall after-

VOL. XIV.-R

25

194

SUPREME COURT.,

[The Lessee of Brewer vs. Blougherj]
wards marry, such child or children, if acknowledged by the man, shall, in virtue of such marriage, be hereby legitimated, and capable in, law to inherit and transmit inheritance, as if born in wedlock."
A marriage was had between the parents of the incestuous offspring; and it is contended by the plaiitiff, that so far as they were born before the marriage, they must seek for legitimation under the act of 1820, ch. 191, sec. 7; and if born after the marriage, they must rely on 'the marriage as their sanction, if they are to have any legitimate standing. This latter provision of the Maryland law, and the cited act of 1825, ch. 156, must be taken together in construction; and we maintain that the whole enactment meant to provide for those whom it was possible for the marriage ceremony to have made legitimate; and that when the ceremony has in fact been performed, and yet can in law have no effect, the offspring are not within ithe contemplation of the act of 1S25, ch. 156: the just deduction from the entire legislation being, that those were regarded who needed only the lawful union of their parents to make them legitimate,.and that legitimacy in this legislation is thus to be contra-distinguished to illegitimacy. As a part of the 'series of enactment, there should also be c6nsidered the Maryland act of 1777, ch. 12, sec. 1, which contains penal prohibitions of marriages within certain degree . If this interpretation be sound, the offspring in question could not be within the benefit of the act of 1825, ch. 156, the mar'riage to which they must appeal being unavailing, and no lawful union-the 'possibility contemplated by the act-being practicable between their parents. For if we are to characterize the issue, we must look to the putative and admitted parents, and to the particular case; and seeing the relations of the parties themselves, we must find that they could not come within the condition of "lawful wedlock," inithe view ofthe act. They never could have been born
in "lawful wedlock." Whatever may be our sympathies in such instances, we are con-
strained to look at pretensions through the stern medium of the common law policy, disqualifying as it is against the issue of illicit alliances. 'It makes bo provision itself for such offspring by its policy, whatever may be the duty of the parents, who are therefore left free to make retribution to them for the dishonour of their birth. All statutes 'like that under consideration, interpreted as they must be in reference to the strict general policy which pervades our common law, are to be limited to the instances clearly within them, and are to be construed in obedience to the common law principles, so far as those are not unequivocally superseded by the statute enactment. This view enforces the interpretation we would assign to the act of 1825, Ch. 156. In the particular case, too, before the Court, not only does the interpretation contended for subserve the general policy of the common law, in its repugnance to illicit connexions, but it is demanded by the special odium in Which it denounces such alliances as that which is the revolting feature of this case; and against which Maryland legislation has so emphatically

JANUARY TERM, 1,840.

195

[The L~eee'of Brewer vs. Bloigher.1
and studiously guarded the social morals by the act of 1777,,,ch. 12. All such unions and their results seem to be peculiarly offensive to our common law; andparticularly when of the infamous order of
that which this 'case presents. The offspring of incest are not admissible within the general denomination of mere illegitimate issue,
and should be specially designated to entitle them to' enjoy the ad-
vantages of any particular legislation.. 2 Kent'sCom. 71, 72. However general, then, the terms of a law may be in favour of
illegitimate issue, it is reasonable to require, in conformity with the feeling the law entertains towards incest, that the common law regarding marriage as the only test of legitimation, should exclude
incestuous offspring from ordinary illegitimacy, and require them to
be specifically designated. There are many cases where general
terms, which might embrace certain objects, are limited in import by reference to paramount principles or institutes of the common law, which are allowed to be invaded only by express terms. The aversion of the common law may, in its bearing on the exposition' of a statute, as to illegitimates, be regarded as akin to those jura naturm which aie termed even leges legum. Hob. 87. Indeed the
common law (2 Kent's Com.-72. Vaugh. Rep. 206. 2 Vent. 9)
pronounces iti}estuous marriages to be against the law of nature. There are a number of instances, as marked as that now contended for by us, of a restricted construction of general words in a statute,
in due respect to a policy, or.to certain deeply seated principles of the common law. 6 Bac. Abr. Statute, 381-387. 1 B ocken-
brough's Rep. 162., ' But however we may. admit that the offspring of incest may,
under this act of 182b, be recognispd irt point of parentage as to the mother, and may inherit her estate from her or from one another, is collateral inheritarice, asihere claimed, allowed under it ? The act declares that the illegitimate children of any female may inherit" real estate from her and from each other. The terin "inherit" has a technical meaning, and has regard to the principles which at com-
mon law regulate the derivation. of estates by descent. The descent from brother to brother isimmediate, but still parents must be found who shall be the actual or,assumed fountain of inheritable blood, and create the kindred of brothers. 2 B1, Com. Q26-223. This act of 1825 contravenes the common law in its maxim that an illegitimate child is nullius filius only so far as its express provisions go: and the utmost that can be said as to the parentage With which it endows the offspring, is, that it gives them a mother It gives them no father, and does not constitute between the children the relation of brothers and sisters. In Stevenson vs. Sullivan, 5 Wheat. 207, the terms of the Virginia act came irAo question, which allows illegitimate children to inherit from the mother, and "transmit inheritance" on par' of the mother. The Court determined that descent was not permitted by the act from brother to brother, not only because the words" on part of the mother" confined the taking by inheritance through the mother, in the ascending or descending line;

196

SUPREME COURT

[The Lessee of Brewer w.Blougher.]

but also, because, although the bastards, as the Court says, "are, in these respects, quasi legitimate, they are, nevertheless, inall others, bastards, and as such they have and can have neither father,, brothers, or sisters." The Court also say, that in the construction of
the act, "it is never to be lost sight of that the appellants are to be considered as bastards, liable to all the disabilities to which the common law subjects them, as such; except those from whiGh the
section itself excepts them; thus indicating that the strict maxims of the common law are to be adhered to, and the privileges of bastards narrowed in reference to. them in the construction of these enfranchising acts. Now the terms in the Yirginia act, which allow the children to transmit inheritance, would, in case of legitimate issue, covet the descent from brother to brother; and yet, even apart from the restrictive words, "on part of the mother," the Court regards this transmitting power to the children as not instituting collateral descent, or in other words, as not, ex vi terminorum, creating the constructive relation of brothers and sisters, without express
words in'the act giving a perfect parentage constructively to the children. The Virginia act, as explicitly as the Maryland, conferred a mother on the children; and in giving the children the capacity to "transmit inheritance," -the Virginia act yields all that the Mary-
land act grants in declaring that the children may inherit fron/ each other:, for certainly a collateral descent is a transmission of inheritance. So the case of Stevenson vs. Sullivan treats it, when showing that, even not regarding the terms "on part of the mother," there could be no descent in the case from brother to brother, although the children were endued with the capacity of transmitting inheritance.' According, then, to that decision of this Court, there can be no inheritance here between brother and brother, under the Maryland act'of 1825; and for the reason there stated, that, although a mother is recognised by the Virginia act, as in the Maryland, yet the children had, 'in contemplation of law, no brothers nor sisters. According to the decision, even without the words "on part of the mother" being connected with the transmitting of inheritance by the children, their capacity to inherit would be limited to the estate of the mother. In every case of a descent from brother to brother, although it is immediate, there must be fathers to whom the kindred may be traced, although they be not named in deriving
the estate,, which is the subject of the collateral descent, 2 Black, Com. 226. The paternity is the essential clue to learn the kindred, whether it be of the whole or half blood; and the primary element
in this ascertainment'is wanting where no father to either party is to be found, and when the law itself declares that there is none. The relation of whole and of half blood depend in the derivation of descent on the question of community of father and of mother,
unless when the estate comes froyn the mother. Stich is the necessary rule from the theory of feudum novum ut antiquum.
Thus it is not sufficient here to say, that by the law of Maryland
the half-blood may inherit among brothers and sisters, for we have

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

197

[The Lessee of Brewer vs. Blougher.]
seen that n ascertained pat.prnity is essential to determine the relation of whole or half-blood among brothers and sisters. The law of Maryland gives the right to the half-blood only where it is ascertained that there isno brother or sister of ihe whole blood; a provision which looks to the possible existence, at least, of fathers. Where the law itself, in the confessed circumstances, leaves an utter blank for the father, and declares it a legal impossibility that there phould be one, we may at least say that the statute of descent, which pre-supposes a necessary ascertainment of a father, does not comprehend a case where the law declares itself that there can be none, and can be no such ascertainment. The case, then, of such collateral succession between illegitimates must be regarded as a casus omissus from our Maryland Law of Descents, (see the Act of Descents, 1820, ch. 191,) and the common law must regulate as in another case of casus omissus, as the same was done in Barnitz vs. Cassey, 7 Cranch, 456. There could, then, be no inheritance of the
half-blood between these illegitimates; even assuming that the tests are erroneous, which an effort has been made to show are those
exclusively applicable.
The result of these views, which conform to the well established principles of the common law, unimpaired by the act under consideration, is, that the act allows the illegitimate issue to inherit from their mother, and to inherit from each other estate derived from the
mother, but not estates of purchase, as is the character of the estate in question in this cause. Ouy exposition gives effect tQ every provision of the act, according an inheritance collateral as well as lineal; but modifying the scope of the act by rules of the common law, which wust govern and limit the innovation introduced: unless those rules be, by the terms of the new legislation, expressly, or by necessary implication, superseded : an implication so clear and irresistible that no construction of the law is possible, consistently with the operation of those rules.

The Chief Justice TANEY delivered the opinion of the Court. This case depends upon the construction of the act of Assembly
of Maryland, passed at December session, 1825, ch. 156, entitled, "An act relating to Illegitimate Children." By this act of Assembly, "the illegitimate child or children of any female, and the issue of any such child or children," are declared to be incapable in law "to take and inherit both real and personal estate from their mother, or fr)m each other, or from the descendants of each other, as the case
may be, in like manner as if born in lawful wedlock." It appears from the record, that a man by the name of John Sloan
had several children, who were the iss-ie of an incestuous connection of a shocking character. He conveyed a tract of land, called "Grassy Cabin," situated in Allegany county, in the state'of Maryland, to
John Joseph Sloan, one of these children. John Joseph Sloan, the grantee, died about the year 1832, intestate, and without issue; and seized in fee simple of this land. Two brothers and one sister, the
,Ft2

198

SUPREME COURT.

[The Lessee of Brewer vs. Bloughe..]
issue of the same incestuous intercourse, survived him; and they conveyed the land to Jacob Blougher and Daniel Blougher, the de-
fendants in error. The plaintiff in error, after the death of John Joseph Sloan, took
out an escheat warrant for the above-mentioned tract of land, upon
the ground that there could be no lawfulheirs of the said Sloan ; and having obtained a patent for the said land, he brought an ejectment
for it, in the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Maryland; and the judgment of that Court being against him, the case has been brought here by a writ of error.
There is no controversy about the facts in the case. It was tried in the Circuit Court upon a case stated; and has been elaborately argued here, and many authorities cited to show that the Court, in construjng a statute, may restrict the literal meaning of the words used in order to effectuate the intention of the legislature.. The plaintiff in error contends, that in passing the act of Assembly above mentioned, the legislature never contemplated a case like the present; and never intended to give the right of inheritance to the children of an intercourse so deeply criminal.
It is undoubtedly the duty of the Court to ascertain the meaning of the legislature, from the 'words used in the statute, and the subject matter to which it relates; and to restrain its operation within narrower limits than its Words import, if the Court are satisfied that the literal meaning of its language would extend to cases which the legislature never designed to embrace in it.
In the case before us, the words are general, and include all persons who come within the description of illegitimate children. According to the principles of the common law, an illegitimate child is
filius nullius, and can have no father, known to the law. And when the legislature speak, in general terms, of children of that description,
without -making any exceptions, we are bound to suppose they design to include the whole class. And, as illegitimate children, in a question as to the inheritance or distribution of property, can have no father whom the law will acknowledge as such; how can we, in
a controversy like'this, inquire who was the father of these children, in order to determine upon tLeir right to the property ?
The expediency and moral tendency of this new law of inheritance, is a question for the legislature of Maryland, andnot for this Court. It seems to have been supposed by the legislature, that as there could be no doubt of the relation which the mother bears towards her illegitimate children, the reasons of policy which must always preclude such children from claiming the inheritance of any one, upon the ground that he was their father, do not apply to the property of the mother, or the property +,feach other. To this extent, therefore, the right to inherit is given by this act of Assembly. And'it,,would appear to have been given upon the principle, that it is unjust to punish the offspring for the crime of the parents. The right of the children, therefore, is not made to depend upon the degree of guilt of which they were the offspring. All illegitimate

JANVARY TERM, 1840.

199

[The Lessee of Brewer vs. Blougher.]
children are the fruits of crime; differing indeed, greatly, in its degree of enormity. And the legislature, if it had seen proper to do so, might undoubtedly have made the right to the inheritance todepend upon the character of the offince committed by the parents. But they have used no language showing any such design. On the contrary, they appear to have looked at the unoflending character of the children, rather than at the criminal conduct of the parents, of whom they were the offspring.
ithas been said that the expressions in the enacting clause of this act of Assembly, which declares that the illegitimate children spoken of shall be capable of inheriting from their mother and from each other, "in like manner as if born, in lawful wedlock,"
imply, that those children only were intended to be provided for, whose parents were capable of contracting a lawful marriage with each other. The same argument has also been urged upon the proviso, which declares, that nothing in the law shall be construed "to change the law respecting illegitimate persons whose parents
marry after the birth of such persons, and who .are by them acknowledged agreeably to the seventh section of the act of Assembly, passed at December session, 1820, ch. 191.'
We do not perceive the force of this argument. It is admitted
that the act of Assembly, now in question, must be taken in coninection with the previous laws of Maryland regulating the descent of real estate, and the distribution of personal property; for this law forms a part of the entire system of legislation on these subjects.
But the expressions referred to in the enacting clause, so far from implying that the parents may marry, presupposes that they never will marry;. and provides for the children on that account. The expressions are evidently used merely to denote, the shares and pro-
portions in which such children are to take ; and the reference for the rule is made to children born in wedlock, in order to save the necessity of introducing into this law, a table of descents as to real property, and of distribution as to personal.
In relation to the proviso, it is proper to remark, that the rights
of primogeniture were abolished in Maryland, by the act of 1786, ch. 45. There was a provision in this law declaring that illdgiti-
mate children whose parents afterwards married, and acknowledged them, should be thereby legitimated, and made capable of taking and inheriting property as if born in lawful wedlock. The act of 1820 embodied the original act to direct descents, with its various supplements, into one law; and provided for'some lawslof descents which had before been omitted. This act of Assembly, of course, contained the clauise in favour of illegitimate children whose parents should afterwards marry, which had been introduced into the act of 1786, and which had always been the law of the state, from the time that act went into operation. And the proviso in the act of Assembly now in question, was introduced manifestly from the ap-
prehension that the general expressions of the enacting clause of
the law might be held to reach those whose parents afterwards

SUPREME COURT.
[The Lessee of Brewer v8. Blougher.]
married, and deprive them of the greater rights of inheritance which belonged'to them under the previous acts of Assembly. The proviso, like the expressions in the enacting clause, shows that the legislature were not looking to children whose parents would probably marry, but to children whose parents 'never would marry; and they make no distinction between the issue of those who could not, and of those who would not become lawfully joined in wedlock. If from any cause whatever, the parents were never married, the children were illegitimate; and all illegitimate children, under this act of Assembly, may inherit from their mother and from each other. It follows, that the tract of land called "Grassy Cabin," upon the death of John Joseph Sloan, descended to his brothers and ,,sister, before mentioned; and the plaintiff is not entitled to recover.
The judgment of the Circuit Court is therefore affirmed.
This cause came on tW be heard on the transcript of the record from 'the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Maryland, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this Court, that the judgment of the. said Circuit Court, in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed, with costs.

JANUARY TERM, 1840.
HENRY A. SUYDAM AND WILLIAmI BOYD, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR,
VS. ROBERT BROADNAX AND ISAAC NEWTON, ADMINISTRATORS OF DAVID NEWTON, DECEASED, DEFENDANTS IN ERROr.
The plaintiffs, merchants of New York, instituted a suit in the Circuit Court of Alabama, against the administrators of the drawer of a note, dated in New York, and payable in New Yorlj. The act of the Assembly of Alabama provides, that the estate of a deceased person, which is declared to be insolvent, shall be distributed by the executors or administrators, according to the provisions of the statute, among the creditors; and that no suit or action shall be commenced or sustaiped against any executor or administrator after the estate of the deceased has been represented as insolvent, except in certain cases not of the description of.that on which this suit was instituted. Held, that the insolvency of the estate, judicially declared under the statute of Alabama, is not sufficient in law to -abate a suit instituted in the Circuit Court of the United States, by a citizen of another state, against the representatives of a citizen of Alabama.
The exceptions in the sixth section of the law of Alabama, in favour of debts contracted out of the state, prevent the applice u Lof the statute, or its operation.-in a case of a debt originating in and contracted by tne deceased out of the state of Alabama.
A sovereign state, and one of the states of this Union, if the latter were not restrained by constitutional prohibitions, might, in virtue of sovereignty, act upon the contracts of its citizens, wherever made; and discharge them, by denying the right of action upon them in its own Courts: but the validity of such contracts as were made out of the sovereignty or state, would exist and continue everywhere else, according to the lex loci contractus.
The constitutional and legal rights of a citizen of the United States, to sue in the Circuit Courts of the United States, do not permit an act of insolvency, completely executed under the authority of a state, to be a good bar against a recovery upon a contract made in another state.
The eleventh section of the act to establish the Judicial Courts of the United States, carries out the constitutional right of a citizen of one state to sue a citizen of another state in the Circuit Cou - of the United States; and gives to the Circuit Courts" original cognisance concurrent with the Courts of the several states, of all suits of a civil nature, at qommon law and in equity." It was certainly intended to give to suitors, having a right to sue in the Circuit Court, remedies, co-extensive.with that right. These remedies would not be so, if any proceedings under an act of state legislation, to which the plaintiff was not a party, exempting a person of such state from suit, could be pleaded to abate a suit in the Circuit Court.
ON a certificate of division from the Circuit Court of the United States, of the Southern District of Alabama.
An action was instituted in the Circuit Court of Alabama by Henry A. Suydam and William Boyd, against the defendants, as administrators of David Newton, on a promissory note given by him to the plaintiffs.
On the trial of the cause the following questions arose, on which the judges of the Circuit Court were divided, and the same were certified to this Court.
1st. Is the plea that the estate of the said decedent is insolvent, sufficient in law to abate the said action ?
2d. If the said plea be sufficient in law to abate said action, can the Circuit Court of the United States for the district aforesaid, refer said-cause for adjudication and final settlement to a board of corn-

SUPREME COURT.
[Suydam et aL vs. Broadnax et al.]
missioners, to be appointed by a County Court in one of the counties in the state of Alabama, in pursuance of an act of the Legislature of the said state ?
Mr. Curtis, for the plaintiffs, presented the following points 1. The law of Alabama is no defence to. the action, because it is in conflict with a law of the United States. 2. The law of Alabama is void, because itis repugnant to the clause in the tenth section of the eleventh article of the Constitution of the United States, which inhibits any state from passing "any law impairing the obligation of a contract.' 3.Even if the law of Alabama be admitted to be valid, it is no defence to the ction. On the first point, That the law of Alabama is no defence to the action, because it is in conflict with a law of the UnitedStates, Mr. Curtis said:The plaintiffs, residing in New York, sued. the defendants, residing in Alabama, as administrators of a deceased person. For the defence, a law of that state is relied on, the clause of which, applicable to the case, is as follows: "Nor shall any suit or action be commenced or sustained, against him," [i. e. an executor or adinistrator,] "after the estatd -of the testator or intestate is represented insolvent." Two -exceptions are made, which have nothing to do with the present case. Aiki6i's Digest of the Laws of Alabama, second edition, 1836, 152. 664, 8vo. The second section of the third article of the Constitution of the United States extends their judicial power8 to controversies between citizens of different states. The Judiciary Act of 24th Sdptember, 1789, section eleven, (2 Laws of the United States, 60, 61,) gives the Circuit Courts of the United States, original cognisance, concurrent with the Courts of the several states, of certain classes .ofcases, among which are cases in which "the suit is between a citizen of the state where the suit is brought, and acitizen of another state ;"
and in which "the matter in dispute exceeds, exclusive of costs, the sum or value of five hundred 'dollars." It is admitted that the present case has both these requisites for jurisdiction on the part of the federal Court. The effect, then, of the defence, if successful, would be to establish the doctrine, that it is competent for a state legislature, under the Constitution of the United States, to pass a law to oust a CQurt of the United States of a jurisdiction which that Constitution had'conferred on it.
The mere statement of such a proposition is, one would think, its conclusive refutation.
The effect claimed for the law of Alabama, would be to give a state exclusive jurisdictiqn of cases in which, by the Constitution and laws of the United States, and the judicial expositions of that' Constitution and those laws, the state has no jurisdiction at all. I" For," the Court said, ",in cases of concurrent authority, where the laws of the states or of the Union are ,indirect and manifest collision on the

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

69

[Suydam, et a], vs. Broadnax et al.]

same subject, those of the Union being 'the supreme law of the

land,'. are of paramount authority; and the state-laws, so far, and

so far only, a such incompatibility exists, must necessarily yield."

PeTr hSistoprya,ssJa.,geinoHccouurss,toint

vs. Moore, 5 Wheat. is true, in the

49,

50.

opinion of a judge who dis-

sented from the judgment of the. Court in the particular case ; bipt

the difference between the judges was, not as to the principle, (for

it appears never to have been, as Judge Story says, "seriously

doubted,") but as to its application to the case before them. In t*he

present case no such difference can exist. The law of the United

States says that the Circuit Court shall try it: the law of Alabama

says that the Circuit Court shall not try it. The conflict between

the two statutes is direct and palpable. It is for the Supreme Court

to say which is to prevail.

It may not be amiss, on this point of concurrent powers, to cite

the principle laid by Chancellor Kent; after analyzing the case of

Houston vs. Moore, and other cases, in which the subject had beer

judicially examined: "It would seem, therefore, that the concur-

rent power of legislation in the states, is not an independent, but a

subordinate and dependent power, liable in many cases to be ex-

tinguished, and in all cases to be postponed, to the paramount or

supreme law of the Union, wherever the federal and the state regu-

lations interfere with each other." 1 Kent's Commentaries, 394.

388-393.

After referring to the doctrine of the Federalist, (No. 82,) that in

all cases of concurrent jurisdiction, an appeal would lie from the

state Courts to the Supreme Court of the United States; that with-

out, such right of appeal, the concurrent jurisdiction of the state

Courts, in matters of national concern would be inadmissible, be-

cause, in that case, it would be inconsistent with the authority and

efficiency of the general government; and after 'analyzing several

cases, Chancellor Kent says, (1 Commentaries, 403,) that if the

state Courts "voluntarily entertain jurisdiction of cases cognisable

under the authority of the United States, they assume it upon the

condition, that the appellate jurisdiction of the federal Courts shall

apply." This proposition is irreconcilable with the assumption of

the Alabama law, that the federal Courts shall have no jurisdiction

at all in the present case.

The same learned judge lays it down as a principle, and sustains

it by abundant authority, that "no state can control the exercise of

any authority under the federal government." (1 Kent's Commen-

taries, 409-412.') Yet this is exactly what the state of Alabama

seeks to do herd.

In Fisher vs. Blight, 2 Cranch, 397, the Supreme Court emphati-

cally assert .' the supremacy of the laws of the United States, on

all subjects to which the legislative power of Congress extends."

In a case -inwhich the states of Virginia and Kentucky had made

a compact, by the terms of Which certain rights to land were to be

70

SUPREME COURT.

[Suydam et al.vs. Broadnax et al.]
finally decided according to the laws of Virginia, the Supreme. Court said :
"The Constitution of the United States, to which the parties to this compact had assented, gave jurisdictiop to the federal Courts in controversies between citizens of different states. The same Constitution vested in this Court an appellate jurisdiction in 'all cases where original jurisdiction was given to the inferior Courts; with only such exceptions and under such regulations as the Congress shall make. Congress, in pursuance of the Constitution, has passed a law on the subject, in which the appellate jurisdiction of this Court is described in'general terms, so as to comprehend this case ; nor is there in that law any exception or regulation which would exclude the case of a caveat from its general provisions.. If,then, the compact between Virginia and Kentucky was even susceptible of the confstruction contended for, that construction could only be maintained on the principle that the legislatures of any two states, might, by agreement among themselves, annul the Constitution of the United States. The jurisdiction of the Court being perfectly clear, it remains to inquire which of the parties has the better right.' Wilson vs. Mason, 1 Cranch, 91, 92. See' also, Sergeant's Constitutional Law, 44. 275, 276-278. 287--290, second edition, and the cases there cited. - The laws of the several states, as to rights, furnish rules of decision for the federal Courts under certain qualifications; but as to remedies, they have no binding force in these Courts. Campbell, Boaden and Company vs. Claudius, 1 Peters C. C. Rep. 484.
The statutes of limitation of the different states do not bind the
United States in suits in Courts of the United States; and cdnnot be pleaded in bar in a suit by the United States against individuals. United States vs. Hoar, 2 Masan, 311.
"It has been generally held, that the state Courts have a concurrent jurisdiction with the federal Courts, in cases to which the judicial power is extended, unless the jurisdiction of the federal be rendered exclusive by the words of the third article. If the words, 'to all cases;' give exclusive jurisdiction in cases affecting foreign ministeis, they may also give exclusive jurisdiction, if such be the will of Congress, in cases arising under the Constitution, laws, and treaties of the United States." Cohens vs. Virginia, 6 Wheat. 397.
It has already been shown, that the conflict of the law of Alabama with the law of the United States, covering, this case, makes the grant of jurisdiction in the latter to the federal Court a grant of exclusive jurisdiction, quoad this case.
The Judiciary Act of the 24th September, 1789, in section thirty-
four, (2 Laws of the United States, 70,) declares that the laws of the several states, except where the Constitution, treaties, or statutes of the United States shall otherwise require or provide, shall be regarded as rules of decision in trials at common law, irt[ie Courts of the United States, in cases where they apply.

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

71

[Suydam et aL vs. Broadnax et al.]
The cas; at bar is the very exception. It is a suit ior which a statute of the United States has "otherwise" provided:'and far "otherwise" 'than the law of Alabama has done; for the federal law says expressly, that the suit may be brought, and the state law says expressly, that the suit shall not be brought.
This thirty-fourth section of the Judiciary Act of 1789, has no application to the practice of the Courts, nor in any manner calls upon them to pursue the various changes which may take place from time to time in the state Courts, with respect to their processes, and modes of proceeding under them. United States Bank vs. Halstead,
10 Wheat. 54. So far as the act of Congress of the '8th May, 1792, (2 Laws of
the United States, 299, 300,) called the- Process Act," perpetuating the former act of 29th September, 1789, (2 Laws of the United States, 72,) adopts the state laws as regulating the modes -of proceeding in suits at common law, the adoption is expressly confined to those in force in September 1789. The act of Congress does not recognise the authority of any laws of this.description which might be afterwards passed by the states. Wayman vs. Southard, 10 Wheat..41.
If a state law cannot affect the coirse of causes in the federal Courts, after' they have passed to judgment, how can it prevent them; when regularly prosecuted under a law of the United States, from passing the judgment?
On the second point it was argued, that the law of Alabama is void, because it is repugnant to the clause in the tenth section of the first article of the Constitution of the United States, which inhibits a state from passing "any law impairing the obligation of contracts."
This law manifestly impairs the obligation of a contract, because it destroys the. creditor's remedy, in toto. It disables him from bringing a suit at all, and makes him an outlaw. See as to this point, Sturgis -vs. Crowninshield, 4'Wheat. 122. M'Millan vs.
M'Neill, 4 Wheat. 209. Ogden vs. Saunders, 12 Wheat. 213. 1 Kent's Com; 4,19.
On the third point, Mr. Curtis contended that, even if-the law of Alabama be admitted, for the sake of argument, to be valid, it is no defence to the action.
The words of the law are, "Nor shall any suit or action be com-
menced or sustained against him, after the estate of the testator or intestate is represented insolvent."
Whether the words "commenced" and "sustained'? are, as here used, synonymous or not, is a question on which philologists may differ. Dr. Johnson gives seven definitions of the word "sustain ;" the first of which is, "to bear; to prop; to holdup:" the second,
"to support; to keep from sinking under evil:" the third, "to maintain ; to keep :" and the fourth, "to help ;. to relieve; to assist." Mr. Richardson, on the contrary, says that "Isustin~re," from which' he derives it, means, not to hold up, but to bold or keep under, as well as to support ; and defines "sustain" as meaning "to bear or

SUPREME COURT.
[Suydam et al. v. Broadnax et al.]
carry; to bear, to suffer, to-endure." These are his only senses of the word; and they coincide with the remaining three given to it by Dr. Johnson. None of Richardson's definitions of the word As'ustain," can, it is clear, help out the defence, so far as it rests on that word in the law. It is a word generally used loosely in statutory and judicial language; and it has even been "represented" that the legislature of Alabama is more remarkable than other legislatures for critical elegance or precision. The probability is, that the word "sustained" was thrown into the law in question as a mere pleonasm. If so, the law prohibits such suits only against an executor or administrator as are commenced after the estate of the testator or intestate is represented insolvent. Now, in the case at bar, the representation of insolvency was after the suit, instead of the suit being after the representation. The suit, therefore, was a proper one, even under the law of Alabama.
But, let it be conceded that the word "sustained" has a substantive meaning in the law, and bars actions properly "commenced," on a representation of insolvency made "pendente lite ;'I still the
law would be inoperative to oust a jurisdiction which had once vested. "Where," says Chief Justice Marshall, "jurisdiction of the federal Court has once attached, no subsequent change in the relation or condition of the parties in the progress of the cause will oust the jurisdiction. The strongest considerations of utility and convenience require, that the jurisdiction once vested, the action of the Court should not be limited ; but that it should proceed to make a final disposition of the subject." U. States vs. Myers et al. 2 Briock. C. C. Rep: 616.
This principle has been repeatedly announced by the Supreme Court of the United States. See Morgan's heirs vs. Morgan, 2Wheat. 290. 297. Mollan vs. Torrance, 9 Wheat. 537. Dunn vs. Clarke, 8 Peters, 1. Clarke vs. Mathewson et al. 12 Peters, 164.
Mr. Justice WAYxE delivered the opinion of the Court. This case has been sent to this Court upon a certificate of division of opinion between the judges of the Circuit Court of the Southern
District of Alabama. Suydam and Boyd, partners in trade, citizens of the state of New
York, sue the defendants as administrators of David Newton, upon a promissory note given by the intestate to the plaintiff, dated New York, September 1st, 1835, payable in twelve months.
The defendants, as we are left to gather from a most imperfect
record-for the pleadings, except the declaration, are not givenplead in abat -cut of the suit, that the estate represented by them has been declared, under proceedings of a statute of Alabama, to be insolvent; and in such case, that they are not liable to be sued.
The judges of the Circuit Court were opposed in opinion Upon the question, "Is the plea that the estate of the said deceased is insblvent, sufficient in law to abate, the said action ?" .The statute of Alabama will be found in Aikin's Digest of the

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

73

[Suydam et l.vs.Broadnx et aI.]

Laws of Alabama, 151. The second section of it declares, that the

estates of persons altogether insolvent shall be distributed among the creditors in proportion to the sums respectively due, after the payment of debts due for the last sickness and necessary funeral

expenses. For the purpose of ascertaining such insolvency, the

executor is permitted to exhibit to the Orphans Court an account

and statement of the effects of the estate, including in it also the

lands, tenements, and hereditaments of the testator or intestate: and

if it shall appear to the Orphans Court that such estate is insolvent,

then, after ordering the lands, tenements, and hereditaments of the

testator or intestate to be sold, the Court shall appoint two or more commissioners, with power to receive and examine the claims of

creditors of the estate; and the commissioners are directed to give

notice of the times and places of their meeting, by notifications posted

up in such public places, and in such newspapers, as the Orphans Court, or Chief Justice thereof may direct. Six months, and not more than eighteen months, shall be allowed by the Court to creditors to

bring in and prove 'their claims before the commissioners. The commissioners, at the end of the time limited, are to make a report, on oath, to the Orphans Court, of all the claims which have been laid before them, with the sums allowed by them on each respective claim. The Court then shall order the residue of the estate, personal and real-the real estate being sold according to law-to be paid and distributed among the creditors whose claims have been allowed bythe commissioners, in proportion to the sums respectively due. Provision is then made, either at the instance of a creditor, or executor, or administrator, either being dissatisfied with the report on x particular claim, under an order of the Orphans Court, to refer tlai

claim-to a Court of Referees, whose report upon it, when returned

to the Orphans Court, and approved, is declared to be final and conclusive. And it is further declared, that no suit or action shall

be commenced or sustained against any executor or administrator, after the estate is represented insolvent, except in certain cases not

necessary to be now noticed. But the statute further provides for the liability of the executor or administrator to the creditors for their respective shares in,the distribution; and then declares that the

claims of creditors which have not been put before the commissioners within the time limited, or which have not been allowed in the other modes directed by the statute, shall be forever barred; unless such creditor shall find other estate of the deceased, not inventoried 'or accounted for by the executor or administrator, before distri-

bution. Is then the insolvency of the estate, judicially declared under the

statute, sufficient in law to abate the suit of the plaintiff?

We think such an insolvency cannot abate the action upon which

this division of opinion has been certified to this Court. The statute

itself contains a provision which meets-the question. The sixth section declares that "all claims against the estates of deceased per-

sons shall be presented to the executor or administrator within eigh-

VOL. XIV.-G

10

74

SUPREME COURT.

[Suydam et al.vs. Broadnax et al.]
teen months after the same shall have accrued," "dr within eighteen months after letters have been granted, and not after: and all claims not presented within that timeshall beforever barred from recovery:" but excepts, among other exceptionsy debts.contracted out of Alabama., Now, if an estate may be. declared insolvent under the statute, in less than the longest time allowed, to creditors to present their claims; and creditors, for debts contracted out of the state, are not limited to that time to present their claims; it follows, as a ne,essary consequence, that an estate having been declared to be in-
solvent within the shorter time, cannot exclude such creditor from maintaining a suit against the executor or administrator. And in cases of insolvency, declared after eighteen months, creditors of debts contracted out of the state cannot be included in .the exclusion from the right to sue ; for no time is limited foi" such claims to be presented: and ih an action to enforce them, a recovery can only be prevented by such defences as would prevail in any other suit.
We think this a. conclusive interpretation of the sixth section; and on this ground, that the plea of the estate being insolvent is not sufficient to abate this action.
But if the sixth section was not in the statute, our opinion 'would be the same, from the rule which must be applied to interpret such a statute. Statutes are mandatory, except of the established rules for the interpretation of therd.
This is a statute which, by the exemption it gives to executors and administrators from suit, would seem to imply a denial to creditors of the intestate the right to sue, without respect to the foreign
Qeountry or state, in our own Union, where the debt was contracted. It is a general statute, without a direct application to contracts made out of 'Alabama ; and its construction cannot be extended to such contracts. Ratio',est, quia statutum intelligit semper disponere de contractibus factis intra et non extra territorium suum. Casaragis
Disc. 136, sec. 14-16* 20. 22. A sovereign state, and, one of the states of the Union, if the latter were not restrained by constitutional nrohibitions, might, in virtue of sovereignty, act upon the contracts )f its citizens, wherever made, and discharge them, by denying a right of action upon them in its Courts. But the validity of such contracts
as were made out of the .sovereignty or state, would exist and continue everywhere else, adeording to the lex loci contractus. This show's the reason for and force of the rule just given.; and it may be laid down as a safe position, that a statute discharging contracts or denying suits upon them, without the particular mention of foreign .contracts, does not include them.
We do not mean, however, to decide this question solely by the interpretation which has been given to the statute.
It may be put upon other grounds, inaking our conclusion equahy certain. They are such as aTe connected with the constitutional and legal rights of the plaintiffs to sue in the Circuit Courts of the United States ; and upon the law which under our system does not permit an act of insolvency, completely executed under the autho-

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

75

[Suydam et al. vs. Broadnax et al.]'
rity of one state, to be a good bar against the recovery upon a,'contract made in another state.
The eleventh section of the act to establish-the Judicial Courts of the United States, carries out the constitutional right of a citizen of one state to sue a citizen of another state in the Circuit Court of the United States; and gives to the Circuit Court "original cognisance, concurrent with the Courts of the several states, of all suits of'a civil nature, at common law, and in. equity," &c. &c. It was certainly intended to give to suitors having a right to sue in the Circuit Court, remedies co-extensive with these rights. These remedies would not be so, if any'proceedings under an act of a state legislature, to which a plaintiff was not a party, exempting a person of such state from suit, could be pleaded to abate a suit in the Circuit Court. The division of opinion too, as it is presented in the record, is brought within the decisions of this Court, in Sturges vs. Crowninshield,
4 Wheat. 122, and Ogden vs. Saunders, 12 Wheat. 213. It must be remarked, however, that the statute of Alabama is one for the
distribution of insolvent estates, not liable to the objections of a general law; and is only brought under the cases mentioned, by an attempt to extend its provisions to a citizen of another state.
In Sturges vs. Crowninshield, it is said, "Every bankrupt or insolvent system in the world must partake of the character of a judicial investigation. Parties whose rights are affected, are entitled to a hearing. Hence, any bankrupt or, insolvent system professes to summon the creditors before some tribunal, to show cause against granting a discharge to the bankrupt. But on what principle can-a citizen of another state be forced into the Courts of a state for this investigation,? The judgment to-be passed, is to prostrate his rights ; and on the subject of those rights, the Constitution exempts him from the jurisdiction of the state tribunals, without regard to the place where the contract may originate." In Ogden vs. Saunders: "A bankrupt or insolvent law of any state, which discharges both the person of the debtor and his future acquisitions of propert , is not a law impairing the obligation of contracts, so far as respecs debts contracted subsequently to the passage of the law. But a certificate of discharge cannot be pleaded in bar of an action brought by a citizen of another state, in the Courts of the United States. or of any other state than that where the discharge was obtained." I
Though this is a statute intended to act upon the distribution of
insolvent estates, and not a statute of bankruptcy; whatever exemption it may give from suit to an executor or administrator of an insolvent estate against the citizens of Alabama, a citizen of another state, being a creditor of the testator or intestate, cannot be acted
upon by any proceedings under the statute, unless he shall have voluntarily made himself a party in them, so as to impair his constitutional and legal right to sue an executor or administrator in the Circuit Court of the United States.
Let it then be certified to the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of Alabama, as the opinion of this Court,

'76

SUPREME COURT.

[Suydaw. et al. vs. Broadnax et al.]
that the plea that the estate of the decedent is insolvent, is not sufficent in 14w to abate the plaintiffs' action.

This cause came on to be heard on thetranscript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of Alabama, and on the points and questions on which the judges of the said Circuit Court were opposed in opinion, and which were
certified to this Court for its opinion, agreeably to the act of Congress in such case made and provided, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is the opinion of this Court, that ".the plea that the estate of the said decedent is insolvent, is not sufficient
in law to bate the plaintiffs' action." Whereupon, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this' Court, that, it be socertified to the said Circuit Court accordingly.

210'

SUPREME COURT.,

THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND AND PROVIDENCo PLANTATIONS,
COMPLAINANT, VS. THE STATE OF MASSACHUSETTS, DE-
RENDANT.'
By a rule of the Supreme Court, the practice of the English Cocrts of Chancery is the practice in tho Courts of Equity of the United States. In England the party who puts in a plea, which is the subject of discussion, has the right to begin and conclude the .argument. The same rule should prevail in the Courts of the United States, in Chancery cases.
In a case in which two sovereign states of the United States are litigating a question of boundary between 'them, in the Supreme Court of the United States, the Court have decided, that the rules and practice of the Court of Chancery should, substantially, govern in conducting the suit to a final issue. 12 Peters, 735-739. The Court, on re-examining the subject, are fully satisfied with the decision.
In a controversy where two sovereign states are contesting the boundary between them, it is the duty of the Court to mould the rules of Chancery practice and pleading in such a manner as to bring the case to a final hearing on its merits. It is too important in its character, and the interests concerned too great, to be decided upon the mere technical principles of Chanceiy pleading.
In ordinary cases between individuals,,the Court' of Chancery has always exercised an equitable discretion in relation to its rules of pleading, whenever it has been found necesbary to do so for the purposes of justice. In a case in which two sovereign states are contesting a question of boundary, the most liberal principles of practice and pleading ought, unquestionably, to be adopted, in order to enable both parties to present their respective claims in their full strength. If a plea put in by the defendant may in any degree embarrass the complainant in bringing out-the proofs of his claim on which he relies, the case ought not to be disposed of on such an issue. Undoubtedly, the defendant must have the full benefit of the defence which the plea discloses, but, at the same time, the proceedings ought to be so ordered as to give the complainant a full hearing on the whole of his case.
According to the rules of pleading in the Chancbry Courts, if the plea is unexceptionable in its form and character, the complainant must either set it down for argument, or,he must reply to it,,and put in issue the facts relied on in the plea. If he elects to proceed in the manner first mentioned, and sets down the plea for argument, he then admits the truth of all the facts stated in the plea, and merely denies their sufficiency in point of law to prevent the recovery. If, on the other hand, he replies to the plea, and denies the truth of the facts therein stated, he admits that if the particular facts stated in the plea are true, they are then sufficient in law to'bar his recovery ; and if they are proved to be true, the bill must be dismissed, without a reference to the equity arising from any other facts stated in the bill.
If a jlea upon argument is ruled to be sufficient in law to bar the recovery of the complainant, the Court of Chancery would, according to its uniform practice, allow him to amend, and put in issue, by a proper replication, the truth of the facts stated in the plea. But in either case the controversy would turn altogether upon the facts stated in the plea,'if the plea is permitted to stand. It is the strict and technical charecter of those rules of pleading, and the danger of injustice often arising from them, which has given rise to the equitable discretion always exercised by the Courts of Chancery in relation to pleas. In many cases, when they are not overruled, the Court will not permit them to have the full effect of a plea; and will, in some cares, leave to the defendant the benefit of it at the hearing: and, in others, will order it to stand for an answer, as, in the judgment of the Court, may best subserve the pmr'poses of justice.
The state of Rhode Island, in a bill against the state of Massachusetts, forthe settlement of the boundary between the states, had set forth certain facts on which she relied in support of her claim for the decision of the Supreme Court, that the boundary claimed by the state of Massachusetts was not the true line of division between the states, ac-
Mr. Justice STOUT did not sit in this case.

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

211

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
cording to their respective charters. To this bill, the state of Massachusetts put in a
plea and answer; which the counsel for the state of Rhode Island deemed to be insufficient. On a question, whether the plea and answer were insufficient, the Court held; that as, if the Court proceeded to decide the case upon the plea, it must assume without any proof on either side, that the facts stated in the plea are correctly stated, and incorrectly set forth in the bill, then it would be deciding the case upon such an issue as would strike out the very gist of the complainant's case; and exclude the facts upon whiph the whole equity is founded, if the complainant has any. The Court held, that it would be unjust to the*complainant not to give an opportunity of being heard according to the reat state of the case, between the parties ; and to shut out from consideration the many facts on which he relies to maintain his suit. It is a general rule, that a plea ought not to contain more dcfences than one. Various facts can never be pleaded in one pIe, ; unless they are all conducive to the single point on which the defendant means to rest his defence. The plea of the state of Massachusetts, after setting forth various proceedings which pre-
ceded and followed the execution of certain agreements with Rhode Island, conducing to show the obligatory and conclusive effect of those agreements uporf both states, as an accord and compromise of a disputed right; proceeded to aver that Massachusetts had occupied and exercised jurisdiction and sovereignty, according to the agreement, to this present time: and then sets up as a defence, that the state of Massachusetts had occupied and exercised jurisdiction over the territory from that time up to the prdsent. The defendants then plead the agreements of 1710 and 1718, and unmolested possession from that time, in bar to the whole bill of the complainant. The Court held, that this plea is twofold: 1. An.accord and compromise of a disputed right. 2. Prescription, or an unmolested possession from the time of the agreement. These two defences are entirely distinct and separate; and depend upon different principles. Here are two defences in the same plea, contrary to the established rules of pleading. The accord and compromise, and the title by prescription united in this plea, render it multifarious: and it ought to be overruled on this account.

THIS case was before the Court at January term, 1838. The state of Rhode Island, in 1832, had tiled a bill against the state of
Massachusetts, for the settlement of the boundary between the two states; to which bill Mr. Webster, at January term, 1834, appeared for the defendant; and on his motion, the cause was continued until the following term, when a plea and answer were filed by him, as the counsel for Massachusetts. Before January term, 1837, the state of Rhode Island filed a replication to the plea and answer of the defendant; at the same time giving notice of d motion to with-
draw the same.
At January term, 1838, the counsel for Massachusetts moved to dismiss the bill filed by the state of Rhode Island,-on the ground that the Court had no jurisdiction of the cause.

This motion was argued Ly Mr. Austin, the attorney general of Massachusetts, and by Mr. Webster, for Massachusetts; and by
Mr. Hazard and Mr. Southard, for the state of Rhode Island: and was overruled.' 12 Peters, 657.
Afterwards, at the same term, Mr. Webster, on behalf of the state of Massachusetts, asher attorney and counsel in Court, moved for leave to withdraw the plea filed in the case on the part of Massachusetts; and also the appearance which had been entered for the state. Mr. Hazard moved for leave to withdraw the general replication to the plea of the, defendant in bar, and to amend the original bill.

212

SUPREME COURT.

rThe State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
The Court, after argument, ordered, that if -the counsel on behalf of Massachusetts shall elect to withdraw the appearance before entered, that leave be given for the same; and the state of Rhode Island may proceed ex parte. But, if the appearance be not withdrawn, that then, as no testimony has' been taken, the parties be alowed to withdraw or amend the pleadings under such order as the Court may hereafter make. 12 Peters, 756.
At January term, 1839, Mr. Southard, on behalf of the state of Rhode Island, stated, that the bill filed by the state had been amended; and moved that a rule be granted on the state of Massachusetts, to answer in a short time, so that the cause might be dis-
posed of during the term. The Court, the bill of the state of Rhode Island having been
amended the second day of theterm, ordered that the state of Massachusetts should be allowed until the first Monday in August 1839, to elect whether the state will withdraw, its. appearance, pursuant to the leave granted at January term, 1838; and if withdrawn within that time; the state of Rhode Island should be, thereupon, at liberty to proceed ex parte. If the appearance of the state of Massachu-
setts should not be withdrawn before the first Monday in August 1839, the state to answer the amended bill before the second day
of January, 1840. 13 Peters, 23. The amendments made by the complainants in the bill were,chiefly,
the insertion, by reference to reports of the commissioners of the colony of Massachusetts to the government of Massachusetts, while a colony, on the 13th of April, 1750, and on the 21st of February, 1792, to the legislature of the state of Massachusetts, appointed by an act of the commonwealth of Massachusetts, passed on the 8th. day of March, 1791, "for ascertaining the boundary line between this commonwealth and the state of Rhode Island."
The report of April 13th, 1750, states, that the commissioners on the part of the colony of Massachusetts met the gentlemen appointed on behalf of the colony of Rhode Island, on the 10th of April, 1750, "and spent part of that and the next succeeding day in debating on said affair with those gentlemen ;" and produced the agreement of 1710, 1711. "Sundry plans, &c. were offeredto run and review with them the said line, but they refused to go, or join us herein, but insisted on our going with them to a certain place on Charles river, in Wrentham, from which they a few months since measured three
miles south, and then extended a West line with the variation west, to the west bounds of that colony, as they claim as the west bounds of that colony, as they informed us; which bounds they claim as their north bounds; and is about four or five miles northward from Woodward and Saffrey's station." The report also states, "that on the return of the commissioners to the place of meeting, the Rhode Island commissioners not having accompanied the Massachusetts commissioners to the station, they found them at the original place of meeting, who desired the commissioners would adjourn to a second meeting, which was assented to, and the meeting fixed at

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

213

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.)
the same place, in October following, in case their respective governnients consented thereto."
The seccud report was made by "The commissioners on the part of Massachusetts, to the legislature of that state, Feb. 21, 17920."1
It is stated to be a report "that the commissioners appointed by an act of the legislature of the c'ommonwealth of Massachusetts, passed on the 8th day of March, 1791, for ascertaining the boundary line between this commonwealth and the state of Rhode Island, have carefully attended the services assigned them, and take leave to report
their doings." The report states, "that on the 15th of August, 1791, we, by
agreement, met the commissioners from the state of Rhode Island, at Wrentham, in this commonwealth, and after exchanging the powers under which we severally acted, we proceeded to discuss the subject that gave rise to our appointments, in the course of which, it appeared that the state pf Rhode island, from their construction of this expression, ' three miles south of Charles river, or of any and ,every part thereof,' in the ancient charter of the colony of,MasSachusetts, and as the, south bounds of the same, claim near three miles north upon this commonwealth, than the present line of jurisdiction between the two governments; the commissioners of the commonwealth, from the circumstance that the branch, now :alled Charles river, and f-om which the claim of the state of Rhode.Island would run three miles south to ascertain the south boundary of the commonwcalth, could not have been known by the name of Charles at the time of granting the Massachusetts charter in 1621; and from this line being ascertained and fixed at a different place by commissioners' chosen by the colonies of Massachusetts and.New Plymouth, in 1667, at a time when the intentions of the grantor and grantees must have been known, are convinced that the claim of the state of Rhode Island is ill founded; but to complete, if po'ssible, the intentions.of our appointments, and that the disputes between the governments might be amicably adjusted, we united with the commissioners of the state of Rhode Island, in the agreement as innumber one.
"In examining and comparing the charter of the two goverrments, granted by the successive kings of England, under which both claim, it appears that the first charter to the colony of Massachusetts was granted by King James the First, in 1621, and resigned a certain territory to that colony, bounded by an east and west line, which was, to be three miles south of Charles river, or of any and every part thereof; the same expression is also used fcr limiting a part of the bounds of the old colony of Plymouth, and was probably copied from their charter into the Massachusetts, to prevent an interference of claims; the same line is adopted in the charter from King Charles the Second, to the colony of Rhode Isand, granted in 1663,
and- is their northern boundary. The erection of a third government, referring to the ame bounds, seems to have rendered it necessary for Plymouth and Massachusetts to ascertain their bounds; 'accordingly those two governinents, in 1664, appointed commissioners

214

SUPREME-COURT.

[The State of Rhiode Island v8. The 'State of Masshchusetts.]
to survey the most southern branch of the Charles river, and to lay off from thence three miles due south as their boundary line by charter; this was' accordingly done, and they fixed upon a large .tree, then known and since noted by the name of the Angle tree, as the north line of Plymouth, and the south line of Massachusetts. The knowledge and name of the place, is preserved, and the commonwealth, in order to perpetuate it, have erected in the place of the tree, the remains of which are now to be seen, an handsome stone monument, which bears the name of Angle tree, and is ex-
plained by suitable inscriptions on'the different faces of it. This the commissioners apprehend to have been the true and original boundary, and is three miles south of the most southerly Wvaters of Charles river: It does not appear that the colony of Rhode Island ever expressed any dissatisfaction respecting their notthern boundary until 1716, or thereabouts, which finally endea in the appointment of commissioners by both governments in 1718, who fixed a new station about two miles north of the Angle tree, and which was called after the surveyors, ' Woodward and Saffrey's Station.' This place is well known, although no records of it have been preserved, or the proceedings of the commissioners ratified by either govern-
ment; yet the line drawn from it has been practised upon as the line of jurisdiction between the governments from that to the present time. This commonwealth then lost two miles in width along the northern line of Rhode Island, and seems to have acquiesced in the agreement upon principles of generosity. The ancient charter of New Plymouth and Rhode Island were irregularly bounded on
one an6ther: the former, as was supposed, by the shores of the Narraganset bay, the latter by three miles east of those shores; this
interference of boundary, however, appears not to have given any discontent, as the date of the charter of New Plymouth was prior to that of Rhode Island; and the peaceful jurisdiction to the shores of Narraganset bay, was enjoyed not only by the old colony of Plymouth, but by Massachusetts, (after these two colonies were
united by the charter of 1691,) down to the year 1730, at which
time the colony of Rhode Island passed an act claiming the jurisdiction of the territory on their eastern boundary, granted to them, by charter, in this act and in the subsequent dispute and determination.
of the'sulbject, not a claim, nor the intimation of one, but that their northern boundary was satisfactory, as established in 1718. In 1740, the King of Great Britain, who was then the sovereign of these states, appointed commissioners to hear and determine the dispute then existiig between the governments, who, after hearing the parties, came to the determination as in number two, by which the extent of Rhode Island charter'was allowed, and the jurisdiction of Massachusetts cut off from the shores of Narraganset bay. This judgmetit, unexpqcted-by either party, was disapproved of by both, and they accordingly appealed to the king in council, whore, however,
it was ratified in 1746. ,As soon as this information was received
bv"the colony of Rhode Island, they proceeded to appoint their

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

Ol5

iThe State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Masuchuaettz.]
commissioners, and assigned the time of meeting for them to begin running the lines that had thus been determined, and they gave ,information thereof to the gqvernor of, this their province; but the legislature not being convened until some time after the period affixed for the Rhode Island commissioners to begin the survey, they thought it unnecessary for them to join in the commissio). These lines, we perambulated in company with the commissioners of the tate of Rhode Island, and excepting one or two stations between Providence and Bristol, which were well ascertained,. we found,that they,had. encroached upon this commonwealth from onequarter to three-quarters of a mile in width. We were attended by suitable persons, approved by both parties, for making the necessary
observations and surveys. Here, probably, all further dispute relative to boundary lines with the colony of Rhode Island would have forever ended, had it not have been for the rage of political parties at this time within that colony; one of which, to effect a decided majority, was extremely anxiotus for an extension of northern jurisdiction. Influenced by these motives, and perhaps. in some measure by their late success, they, in 1740, brought forward a new Plaini
for extending their northern boundary beyond the line established in 1718; and to support that claim, they appointed commissioners in 1750, to examige what is now called Charles river, and froin the most southern part of. the same, to survey off three miles as the boundary of Massachusetts, agreeably to their charter. A plan of this survey was laid before u§, and copy of it herewith presented. We have inserted our own survey of what we conceive to.be the most southern part of Charles river, as intended by the charter, above Whiting's pond, and the position of the Angle tree. It may not be. unnecessary to observe, that at the southern head of what we call .Charles river, is a place known by a large chesnut trep; ,thence the stream descends to Whiting's pond, where it forms a considerable lake, and afterwards resuming its proper shape, (and now known by the name, of. Mill river or brooke,) pursues its course in a northerly direction till it joins that stream which is known by the name of Charles' river, the confluence of the two streams six- miles more
northerly than the chesnut tree at the southern head of Charles; after perambulating the bounds now practised upon, and ascertainingtheir deviations from the stations to which they ought to have been fixed, and learning, the principles upon which Rhode Island supports her claims, and the extent of them, we adjourned to the 5th day of December last, then to meet at Providence, In the state of Rhode Island; at which time and place we met with the commissioners from ,Rhode Island, and after fully*discussing the several claims, and endeavouring to conciliate the difference between the
two- states, agreeably to the powers of oar commission, we were convinced that no agreement can be made at present with them, unless we yield a valuable territory, to which they have no claim, and which we hold not only by repeated,charters, but by the agreemeat of the state of Rhode Island in 171,8), and. so far from its ap-

216

SUPREME COURT.

[The state of Rhode Island vs. The 8tate of Massachusetts.]

pearing that encroachments have been made by this commonwealth on that state, that thecontrary is notoriously the fact."
The counsel of the' 'state of Massachusetts, after January term,
1839, and in conformity with the order and leave of the Court then given, filed a plea and answer to the amended bill of the state of Rhode Island,' The plea and answer were the same, in all importantparticulars, as that originally filed at January term, 1834. The plea and answer c'onclude,-" And "thedefendant saith that there is
no other matter or thing in the complainant's said bill of complaint contained, material for this defendant to make answer unto, and to
which said defendant has not already pleaded and answered as aforesaid; all which matters and things pleaded and answered, as aforesaid, the defendant i ready to verify and maintain as the Court shall order. Wherefore said defendant prays to be hence dismissed, with costs,"
All the 'matters in the bill, material in this case, and in the plea and answer, with the exception of the amendments given on pages 213-215, ante, are stated fully in the report of the case in 12 Peters, 657; and ihthe opinion of the Court delivered at this term, by
Mr. Chief Justice TANFY.

The case was before the Court, on the sufficiency of the plea
and answer. It was argued by Mr. Hazard and Mr. Whipple, for -the state of Rhode Island ; arid by Mr. Austin,. altorney-general of Massachusetts, and Mr. Webster, for the defendant,

Before the argument was proceeded in, a question arose between the counsel in the case, on the right of the counsel for the complainants to begin and conclhde the argument.
The Court held, that by.a rut of the Court, the practice of the English.Courts of Chancery is the practice in the Courts of Equity of the United States. On looking into the books of practice in the
English Courts of 'Chancery; it appears that the party who puts in the plea which is the subject of discussion, has the right to begin and conclude the argument. The same rule should prevail in the Coutts of the United States, in Chancery proceedings.

Mr. Austin for the state of Massachusetts. The question before the Court is on the SuffiCiency of the plea in bar to the plaintiff's demand, both for discovery and relief. The plea is open to any just exception, either as to its form or substance; but as it purports to be an answer or bar to the plaintiff's complaint, its sufficidncy must materially depend on the structure of the
bill in which that complaint is set forth. Any answer is sufficient to a bill which is so frame( as to require none. The respondent contends that this opens, substantially, the whole merits of the ease. Bogardus vs.: Trinity Church, 4 Paige, 178.
The sufficiency of the plea is very different from the truth of it.
For the purpose of the present inquiry, all its allegations are to be taken to be true. If the plaintiff denies any of them, lie has another

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

217

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]

mode of proceeding: it, is Understood also, that all allegations

made in the bill, and denied by the plea, are, for this hearing, to be

taken according to the plea, and not according to the statement of

them in the bill: and it is admitted, that whatever is stated in the

bill, and not controverted by the plea, is in this stage of the cause

to be taken as true. If, under these circumstances, the plea leaves

the plaintiff without a sufficient cause for -discovery and relief, it

has answered its office, and must be sustained. The case seems to

the respondent in no material degree to differ from a general de-

murrer to the bill; except only that the allegations of the plea con-

trol those of the bill, and are admitted to be true pro hac vice only.

Before the sufficiency of the plea can be ascertained, the matter

to be answered must be examined and understood. The bill sets

forth the plaintiff's title. It is of a form adopted, not very remotely,

into the practice of Chancery; and requiring, or at.least admitting,

what the books call, without much propriety, an anomalous or irre-

gular plea; thus applying terms to the plea, which in fact belong

to the bill., It introduces, in anticipation, the subject matter of the

defence, and attempts to avoid the effect of it, by special allegations.

Substantially, the bill enumerates and recites the letters patent of

the council established at Plymouth in 1621: the deed of said

council to Sir Henry Roswell and others, of 19th March, 1628: the

first charter of Massachusetts, in 1629, by Charles I. From all

these, one fact only is material, and that is notin dispute at all, viz.

that Massachusetts became a colony of the British crown, at the

settlement of it by the pilgrims; and that its southern boundary line

first mentioned in the letters patent of 1621, and repeated in the

words whenever occasion required, was by "all those landes and

hereditaments whatsoever, lyeing within the space of three Englishe

myles on the south parte of the saide River, called Charles river, or

any or every parte thereof."

It is obvious from these public papers, the effect of which is ad-

ritted by both parties, that the southern boundary of Massachu-

setts was described with sufficient accuracy; and the only matter to

be done to fix it with perfect certainty, was to run on the earth, and

through the then uninhabited wilderness, the line described in the

charter.

The bill proceeds, after referring to the surrender of the letters

patent of the council of Plymouth, in 1635, 17th June, and the

planting and purchasing of what now is the territory of Rhode

Island ; which facts are not- material or controverted; to recite the

charter of the colony of Rhode Island, granted by Charles II. on

the 8th July, 1643, whereby Rhode Island is bounded "northerly

on the said south or southerly line of Massachusetts."

The bill states also, the dissolution of the first charter of Massa-

chusetts, by the Court of Chancery in England, the new charter of

William and Mary, in October 1691, re-establishing on this line, the

ancient boundary in the same words, and the Declaration of Inde-

penVdOeLn.ce of the United States: documents not essential to any con-

XIV..-T

28

218

SUPREME COURT.

[The State of Rhode Island w. Thet State of Mqasachusetts,]
troverted point in this suit; unless itb.e) as before was contended-by the attorney general of Massachusetts, and now again respectfully insisted upon, that the Declaration of Independence repealed all these charters, and established the several former colonies in their new character of sovereign and independent states, by the line and boundary actually enjoyed and possessed by them respectively, on the-day, of their political nativity, the 4th of,July, 1776.
All these documents not controverted by the plea, and not to be denied with truth, are admitted with all their legitimate consequences. The bill. then proceeds to state, that disputes had arisen, not in regard to any charter, or where the line ought to be drawn in conformity with the ,provision of those instruments; but where on the earth's surface a line corresponding with the charters should be described. It sets forth the appointment of commissioners by each colony,:" to settle the boundary, line ;" the meeting of those commissioners; and their unanimous agreement, certified under their hands on the 19th January, 1710, 1711 ; "that a stake set up by N. Woodward, and S. Saffrey, in 1642, and since often renewed, in latitude 410, 55', being thre~e English miles.distant southard from the southernmost part of Charles river, agreeably to the-letters patent for the Massachusetts province, be accompt, d and allowed on both sides the commencement of the line," &c.
The commissioners having thus ascertained a point of beginning,
and it being necessary to p rotract the line from that- point which they did not do at that time; the bill recites the appointment of other commissioners by the two colonies, and their meeting at Rehoboth, on the 22d Otober, 1718, to protract the -line; the fact that they reaffirmed the correctness of the place of beginning, ran the line as. described by them, certified their proceedings under the hands and seals of a majority of their whole number, and of the delegation of each colony; and that the General Assembly of Rhode Island, passed a resolution on the 26th October, 1718, ordering that the return be accepted, and placed to record in the colony books.
It seemed to the counsel of. Massachusetts, that if the bill had stopped here, there would be nothing for the respondents .to answer; because it is everywhere admitted in the bill, that the line thus run, is that to which Massachusetts laid claim before Rhode Island was in exjstence; the line to which Massaehusdtts was possessed, and over all: territory north of which she was in the actual exercise of jurisdiction, when the charter of Rhode Island was granted; and that is all she had ever claimed, or now claims in that direction, by charter, possession, or title of any kind. It would seem, too, that both parties to this suit admitted the line by the charter; that they intended to describe on the earth-the line so designated in the 'charter; that they did so by commissioners mutually appointed on two different occasions, at the interval of seven years; and, that the pl&intiff had accepted and recorded their proceedi'gs, as satisfactory and conclusive, at the time, now more than one hundred and twenty years ago.

JANUARY TERM,1840.

219

[The State of Rhode Island'w. The State of Magsachusetu.
Btft the plaintiff having thus ithsered the bar matter in his bill, proceeds to give his answer to it. It is obvious, therefore, that to this answer, and to so much of this answe'r only as is material to set aside the bar matter, isthe respondent bound to reply.. The plaintiff has furnished for the respondent a sufficient defence: he has set up a bar to his own further proceedings; and unless he, removes the bar of his own procuring, the respondent has no need to make any reply. What then, is the allegation in the bill, Which professes to be sufficient to countervail an agreement of this -sort; and of possession in conformity with such agreement for more than a
century ? In the, first place, it is apparent in the bill, and distinctly admitted
by the learned counsel of Rhode Island, that no fraud is charged to anybody in these transactions; but it is alleged that the parties acted under a mistake. It is averred, that the commissioners of Massachusetts, believing, no doubt, that the point which they designated as Woodward and Saffrey's station,, was three miles, and no more, from Charles river, affirmed to the Rhode Island commissioners, that it was the proper place of beginning for the line, and that the Rhod .Island commissioners, taking the word of the Massachusetts commissioners for true, or searching for themselves and coming to the same conclusion,'or examining the map the, -' before them, made by Woodward and Saffrey, were of the same opinion, and jumped together in judgment: and that the commissioners of the two colonies, in 1718, in running out the line, were actuated by the, same meadis, and established the line, which, as ever before, so ever since, has been the actual line of division between these neighbouring sovereignties. And that in all this, without fraud or misrepresentation,,there is, nevertheless, a fatal mistake.
It -iasdmitted that all parties acquiesced in the doings of the commissioners until 1749, more'than thirty years; when Rhode Island discovered, as is alleged, that the stake of Woodward and Saffrey was more than three miles, viz., seven miles from Charles river; and that the Rhode Island commissioners, and the Rhode Island legislatire, acting under this mistake, are not bound. by the treaty, compromise, arbitration, or award, and have now a right to claim for that cause by the intervention of this honourable Court, to set aside the'onventions of 1710 and 1718, and re-examine and adjust the boundary on :their present information; and by the letter of their
ancient charters, as they are now understood by the plaintiff. The residue of the bill recites the 6x parte proceedings of Rhode
Island, to determine the .true line, independent of the agreements of 1710 and 1718, and the various attempts made to induce Massachusetts to re-open the matter; all which were ineffectual, as is con. fessed by the fact, distinctly admitted, that for all time since Massachusetts has been a government, colonial, provincial, federative, or sovereign, she has had the actual, undisturbed, quiet possession

220

SUPREME COURT.

(The State of Rhode Island vs, The State of Massachusetti.]
and occupation, jurisdiction and control of and over the premises in dispute.
Now itseems to the counsel of the respondent, that to this complaint, thus set, forth, a demurrer might safely have been filed; and that to a bill to whidh a demurrer would be sustained, any plea or answer must be deemed sufficient. Such bill contains its own answer. It incorporates the defence: and whatever else may be said of 'the plea, it cannot be deemed inadequate or insufficient for the defence
But the respondent is unwilling that the record should contain only the plaintiff's coloured view of the treaty, covenant, or arbitrament, entered into in 1710 and 1718. However safe it would be to admit such a mistake as the plaintiff alleges, yet the facts afford a stronger ground; and the respondent avails himself of it.
The plea, therefore, to the substance of which the attention of the Court is now solicited; takes from the plaintiff's bill the whole subject of the proceedings of the commissioners in 1710 and 1718, and treating of each of them severally, avers that the "whole real and true merits of said complainant's supposed cause or causes of action, claims, grievances, and complaints, set forth and supposed in said bill of complaint, were fully beard, tried, and determined, in the hearing and by the judgment of said commissioners; that the agreement was fair, legal, and binding between the 'parties, and was, in all particulars, a valid and effectual settlement of the matter in controversy; and- was had and made without covin, fraud, or misrepresentation, and with a. full and equal knoWledge of all circumstances by both parties; and that the same is still in full force, in no way waived, abandoned, or relinquished; that the station called Woodward and Saffrey's station, was then well known, the place where it was fixed of common notoriety, and the line run therefrom, as aforesaid, capable of being discovered and renewed; that the said defendant has held and possessed, occupied and enjoyed the land, property, and jurisdiction, according to said station and line running therefrom, from the date of said agreement to the present time, with-
out hinderance or molestation."
It is certainly true, that the plea does not undertake to say that the Woodward and Saffrey.station is three miles southwardly o4 Charles
river, and no more. It does not put in issue, whether now a revision of the line, according to the charter, would describe the same plaee.
If the plans exhibited in this case, either by Rhode Island or Massachusetts, are correct, no revision could alter the line; for it is clearly within three miles of one of the branches of that river; and the only question would be, whether the charter, by the terms in it, viz., "on tne south part of Charles river, or of any or every part thereof," meant to include one of the forks as partof the river, or not. But the geographical and historical facts, which are notorious, and, of course, to be taLer notice of by the Court, (one of which

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

221

(The State of Rhole Island vs. The State of Masaehusetts.]
both these maps prove,) are important in the case. Charles river had never been explored in 1642 by any European, and its borders were occupied only by savages. Woodward and Saffrey went there to determine the river; the offset of three miles; and the line of boundary. It is very immaterial how they determined it. ,
The stream called Charles river acquired that name not from na-
ture, but man. When and what was called, Charles, became Charles ; what was called part of the river, was, for all human purposes, thenceforth known and notorious as part of the river. They fixed their station within three miles of water flowing into the main stream. They found or they called this water Charles river. If it was unquestioned, it must have been conclusive. If it was questionpd or questionable, if after Rhode Island came into existence, and in 1710, near seventy years after the naming of this'water by Woodward and Saffrey,it was brought into question byRhode Island, it was then a proper subject of settlement, compromise, and agreement for the commissioners; and their decision settled the matter
conclusively for all after time. It was the very question they met to settle; and their opinion, judgment, and award, made it what they
determined it to be. The respondent contends, first, that it is not necessary to the suf-
ficiency of the plea, to controvert or notice in any way the sugges-
tion of a mistake. Secondly, That mistake or no mistake are substantially and suffi-
ciently put in issue by the plea, so that the plaintiff may join the
issue there tendered, if he pleases. On the first point, it is respectfully submitted, that where a party
alleges a proceeding to be had under a mistake of fact or law, and sets forth the circumstances in which he supposes the mistake to exist, if by the circumstances so stated it is apparent that there was no mistake, the allegation may be treated as a nullity. The legal inference from the matter so stated, and not the term applied to it, must regulate the pleading of the adverse party; and the decision of the Court. Story Eq. Pl. § 680, and note.
The plaintiff sets forth his circumstances of supposed mistake. They are these; Massachusetts being in possession of a line of boundary, Rhode Island complains, and propgses a joint commission to settle it. Commissioners meet.. Governor Dudley, on the part of Massachusetts, tells Lieutenant Governor Jenckes, of Rhode Island, that the true point is the Woodward and Saffrey station. Governor Jenckes, either knowing that fact himself, before; or in some other way being convinced, agrees to it, and signs an award fixing that station as the point of beginning. Nine years after, the same thing is repeated by other commissioners, and the whole line run from that point. The bill does not allege that the Rhode Island commissioner believed the station to be the true one, because Governor Dudley told him s6; but avers that he did believe the fact, which being the very thing he was commissioned to ascertain, it must at
T2

222

SUPREME CDOTLRT.

[The State df Rhode Island vs. The S_, of Masunchuse .j
this distant day be supposed, that he believed it on sufficient and satIistfaisctoorbyvieoxuasmtihnaattioinn. this, by the plaintiff's own showing, is no
mistake, as that term is understood in equity. . When negotiators meet to decide a question, it is impossible but that one must make an assertion to the other, which, after the lapse of an hundred years, the generation of the then present period may
deem wrong in point of fact. So of arbitrators or referees. If a decision that should appear to the heirs of a remote ancestor to be wrong,could be reinvestigated on the allegation of the losing party, that the verdict or judgment was a mistake, (which every losing litigant is ready enough to make,) there could be no end to lawstits: and the decision which this Court may pronounce in this case, may, on the same principle, be revived an hundred years, hence, by a suggestion that there was a mistake in the forming of it.
It is impossible that any declaration made by Governor Dudley one hundred and thirty. years ago, could be known now; and the suggestion of the plaintiff, in this regard, must be a mere fancysketch.. The allegation, if made, could be only the declaration of an opinion.
Gov. Dudley died in 1720, aged seventy-three years. 1 Holmes'
Annals, 525. The fact referred to occurred in 1642, five or six years before lie
was born. The statement of an opinion is no misrepresentation. Scott vs.
Hanson, 1 Simon's Rep. 13. Such a statement is not calculated to deceive, but rather to put the opposite party on his guard. Trower vs. Newcomb, 3 Meiivale,,704. Ignorance, which might have been
remedied by due diligence and inquiry, is no cause for relief. Perry vs. Martin, 4 John's Chan. R. 566. And Lord Loughborough has emphatically said, ignorance is not mistake.
If 'the Rhode Island commissioner acted on such representation, supposing it was made, and if it was false, yet his action is not to
be considered as founded in a mistake, as that term is understood in equity; because the relations of the two commissioners was not such as to induce one to place a known trust in the other; but the contrary. Fox vs. Mackrith, 2 Bro. Ch. Ca. 420. Smith vs. The Bank of- Scotland, I Dow, Part. C. 272. Laidlaw vs. Organ, 2 Wheat. 178; 195. Evans vs. Bucknell, 6 Ves- Jr. 173; 182M-192. Such representation would not vitiate a sale; a fortiori, not an arbitrament. F.eInftotnherves.wBarsownon,fa1l6seVes. 144. 2 Kents Lectures, 2d ed. 484, 485.
representation; if the Rhode Island commissioner believed a< fact, the truth of which it was his special duty to
investigate, and which he had the means of investigating: and all this appears by the plaintiff's bill, the judgment and the award was
not mistake, but conviction. The plaintiff, by calling it a mistake, cannot change the rule of pleading, or of equity;. and. it -may be teped as a misnomer or a nullity,

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

23

[The Statt. of Rhode-IslanI vs. The State of Maesachusetta.]
in furthbr--considering' this' allegation of mistake, the great ques.
tions arise, in what relation or capacity did the present plaintiff and respondent stand to each other at that time ? What was the,capacity of the commissioners by whom the line was run? and what is
the law of a case so situated? If the parties now before the Court stand here as common suitors,
corporations, or individuals, controverting the boundary of an'estate, and these commissioners are.referees or arbitrators mutually chosen to decide the controversy; then the rules regulating the proceedings of an arbitrament and award at common law or equity, may well enough. be invoked, to determine the question befoie the Court.
But in this.view, the mistake of law or fact, the wrong judgment and. erroneous decision of arbitrators, do.not authorize the re-opening and re-examining their proceedings. Knox vs. Symonds' 1 Ves. Jr. 369, South Sea Co. vs. Bumstead, 2 Eq. P1. Ab. 8. 1Shephard vs. Merrell, 2 Johns. Ch. R. 276. Delver vs. Barnes, 1 Taunt. 48.
51. Morgan vs. Mathews, 2 Ves. Jr. 18i Jones vs. Bennettf 1 Bro. Par. Ca. 411. 28. Ching vs. Ching, 6 Ves. 282. Annersly vs. Goff,
Kyd on Awards, 351. Mitford's Plead. in Eq. by Jeremy, 131, 132.
Lyon vs. Richmond, 2 Johns. Ch. R. 51. Kleine vs. Catara, 2 Gal. 61. Dick vs. Mulligan, 2 Ves. 23. Young vs. Walter, 9 Ves. 464. Wood- vs. Griffith, I Swans. 55. Auriol vs. Smith, 1 Turner and
Russ. 125. Goodwin vs. Sayres, 2 Jacob and Walker's Rep. 249. These cases go the whole length of establishing the position, that
the mistake of the arbitrator on a matter of fact or law referred to him, cannot be inquired into; or rather, that his -judgment and opinion make the rule, and there is no authority above him competent to say that his decision is a mistake. Lord Commissioner Wilsonii
one of the cases (Morgan vs. Mathews) says," It would be a melancholy thing if, because We differ from arbitrators in point of fact, we should set aside awards." And Lord Chancellor Eldon, in Ching vs. Ching, states in strong terms, "If a question of law is referred
to an arbitrator, he must dpcide it; and though he decides wrong, you cannot help it."
The case is different where arbitrators, conscious of a mistake, desire to rectify -it; because, in that position, the supposed decision is not their judgment: and this consideration reconciles any cases ot a seemingly different character from those above cited.
This supposed mistake may, however, even on the strict.rules of equity practice, be passed, without notice in the plea, because the allegationof the plaintiff renders it invalid by lapse of time. It is of ancient date, and from that ( recumstance impossible to beascertained; or if ascertained, to have any present operatiom
Coarts of Equity, by their own rules, independent of any statute of limitations, give great effect to length of time; and they refer fre. quently to statutes of limitations, for no other purpose than as furnishing a convenient measure for the lengtheof time that ought to operate as a bar in equity to any particular demand. Beckford vs. Wade, 17 Vesey, Jr. 2 Scho. and Lefroy, 626. Paul vs. M'Namara,

224

SUPREME COURT.

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusettsi]
14 Vesey, Jr. 91. Gifford vs. Hort, 1 Scho. and Lefroy, 406. Bo-
gardtis vs,. Trinity Church, 4 Paige, 178. Now, though the question before the Court assumes to be one of
pleading, and not of equity, yet it is maintained by the respondent,
that a plea is sufficient which leaves no material matter unanswered; that what is not answered redounds to the benefit of the plaintiff;
and if this mistake is not answered, it may count for him valeat quantum. But if it is in itself immaterial, and of state characteir, it may-be passed over without notice, because it can in no shape
make out a case for the plaintiff. Secondly, the respondent contends, "that all which the strictest rule
of equity pleading requires in this case is met by the allegation in
the plea, that the "said agreement was fair, legal, and binding between the parties,without covin, fraud, or misrepresentation, and with a full and equal knowledge of all circumstances by both parties." This allegation is not now controverted: and it seems to the respondent's counsel impossible to say, that with a full and equal knowledge of both parties, their unanimous determination of the question submitted to them could be a mistake relievable in equity.
To the form of the plea no exception is taken by the learned counsel for the plaintiff; but he contends, that it is novel and insufficient in this, that it pleads possession as a bar, and not title. To an action at common law or at equity, where the usual statute of limitations applied, this exception might, if well taken in point of fact, cause some besitation. But it is not founded in a correct estimation of the character of the plea.. The respondent, in his plea in bar, asserts his title to the territory in dispute, and derives it from the joint effect of the agreements of 1710 and 1718, and possession under them forever. It may be, that under the peculiar circumstances of this case, neither the agreement, if made ag4inst the letter of the charters; nor possession, if held adversely and without consent, could sustain 'the respondent's claim: nor is it material to inquire how this Would be, because in truth and fact the title of the respondent rests ou neither one of those pillars alone, but on both;
upholding, strengthening, confirming, and supporting each other, and forming together a foundation of irresistible strength. They have not been separated for more than a century; and Gught not to be separated now in the matter before the Court. The true chigracter of the plea is, title derived in part from two sources, and concentrating into one p6int, that of indefeasible- right. 1 Chitty's Pleading, 512-, and the cases there collected.
But before this plea can be overruled for any technical exception of this or any other sort, the Court will come to the consideration of a much more important and interesting question than yet has been presented; full of novelty and grandeur, and suited to the cause, the
parties, and the Court. The question thus presented is this: By what code of laws, by
what forms of proceeding, by what principles of judicial construction, is this controversy to be settled? It is impossible not to per-

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

225

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusett*]
ceive, that the case before the Court is not one of'ordinary judicial cognisance. It is not the boundary of a farm or a water lot that is in dispute, but the limit of a nation. It is not a question of ownership in the soil that is presented, but of jurisdiction over a territory and its inhabitants. The parties, too, are not ordinary suitors in a Court of justice i they are states, called by the plaintiff "sovereign states;" and standing in that relation to each other, before this high tribunal, which, like the ancient Areopagus, is to adjudicate on the tranquillity and peace of mankind.
The Court, on solemn consideration, has decided, that on these great interests of territorial jurisdiction and state sovereignty, and on the transfer of the allegiance of five thousand people from one civil government to another, essentially. different in many Qf its institutions, customs, and, laws, it has a constitutional power to pronounce judgment and decree justice. Be it so: this point is not now to be controverted. But whence does the Court derive this power? Not from its ordinary judicial authority; not as a branch of that prerogative by which it is to decide "cases in law and equity;" but by a special provision of the Constitution, for the' administering of which no forms are provided; a power above and beyond the
reach of any 9ther judicial tribunal in the world; wholly without precedent in the principles of the civijl, the canon, or the common law; and vesting in this high tribunal .a discretion and authority, which yet has been limited by no legislation of'Congress, nor by any rules or acts of its own.
In a case where "the file affords no precedent," and there is neither common nor statute law to guide the proceedings of the Court, the counsel of the respondent respectfully contends, that the case brings with it into this tribunal its own law, in the principles of an elevated and perfect justice, unfettered-as in tbeir nature they are incapable of being fettered-by technical sttbtleties and petty for.. It stands upon those great and fundamental doctrines of international law, which, by the common consert of mankind, are the basis of the intercourse of the civilized world.
The high Aemand of the plaintiff is, that your honours will "restoreand confirm to him his violated rights of jurisdiction and sovereignty." These are rights which no private party ever could possess, and over which no other judicial tribunal ever held jurisdiction. The light which is to guide the conscience of the Court in this new field, comes not from books of pleading, or reports of adjudicated cases between citizens or subjects. Such matters belong not tQ them. It is to be found only in the source of eternal justice, as it comes from. intelligence and truth.
The case, examined in the character which it thus properly
assumes, however important in principle, is one of easy solution. The parties to the suit were once colonies of Great IBri ain., The
relation thus sustained is matter of pablic history, and familiar to the Court. Nominally in a state of vassalage,,they were in reality free; and professing a formal ailegiance to the British crown, actu-
29

226

SUPREME COURT.

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
ally assumed and exercised the prerogatives of, sovereignty. They made war and' peace;, coined money; entered, into confederacies; and'made tretties of alliance, offensive and defensive, with each other. 'Theproceedings in 1710 terminated in a treaty of boundary,
differing in nothing from that of 1783 between Geat Britain and the United States, except in extent. No earthly power but the contracting parties ever attempted -to interfere with it. It was made by negotiators of each party, With unlimited powers to compromise and
settle the boundary. The terms are plain and incontrovertible. Th6 treaty, thus made, established the station of Woodward and Saffrey in latitude 41O 55', to 'be three English miles from Charles river, and "that, agreeable to the letters patent for the Massachusetts province, it'be accompted and allowed on both sides the commencement of the line between: Massachusetts and the colony of
Rhode Island." It is obvious from the whole of the plaintiff's bill, that this treaty
only confirmed and established what had always before been admitted in point of fact.
In 1718 another treaty was negotiated, confirming the treaty of
1710, and more fully carrying it into effect. These titles to the territoryi founded on the solemn faith of two
formal treaties, under and by -force of which the respondent has always held "unmolested possession," arepresented to this Court" thus held over sovereigns, on a question exclusively of international law, as a bar in equity and justice to further molestation and dis-
turbance. Whether,'being negotiated between colonies, they-are entitled by
the law of nations to be termed treaties, or only conventions, agreements, or pactions, they are by that law equally sacred. Vattel, 193, § 14, 155; 227, § 215. S'Why are they not binding? The suggestion in the plaintiff's bill,
that they were notratified by the mother country, is a poor attempt at self-stultification. They needed no ratification., They were not repudiated by Great Britain; and, like' all acts of the colonies, were in force until disallowed. If it were otherwise, it would be more consistent with the high character of our esteemed fellow-citizens of Rhode Island to imitate the Roman honour of the Consul Fabius Maximus, who, when the senate would not ratify his agreement with the enemy, sold his private property-to make good his word: or that other Consul, Postumius, who, because the senate would not confirm his treaty with the Samnites, adjudged that he himself and
his colleagues should be delivered into their hands. The answer to all this by Rhode Island is, that 'the negotiators
made a mistake. To this the reply 'is, that it is denied in the plea. But if the allegation be admitted, the mistake of negotiators never was, and on principle never can be, a just cause for violating the stipulations of a treaty. Of this principle the diplomatic history of the United States is full of examples, and conforms to the diplomacy
of civilized Europe,-

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

227

[The State of Rhode Island v8. The State of Massaehusetts.]
Possession,-or as it is called in books on international 'law, usucaption, for a long period of time, is the best evidence of a national right. Vattel, 187. 191, &c.
The possession of Massachusetts began before Rhode Island was created, and has never been interrupted for a day. This is an insuperable bar to the long delayed claim of the plaintiff. Of itself, it is invincible. The-only arqswer to it now,'is, that it is joined with another title, equally strong, which two are not to be united in the same plea. One reply to this objection has already been given; but there is a stronger one in the present aspect of the case. Under the law of nations, forms cannotr obstruct justice. There are no technicalities; and no Common Pleas practice, in a Congress of nations; nor can any be admitted before this august tribunal, sitting under its high constitutional commission, to settle the rights of sovereignties, and to administer justice in political controversies between independent states.

Mr. Hazard, with whom was Mr. Whipple, for the state of Rhode Island.
I had endeavoured to prepJe myself to argue the questions of law Which the state of the pleadilngs presented to the Court; intending to confine myself strictly to those questions, that I might not trespass upon the time or patience of the Court. I did not anticipate, for I could-not believe that the defendant's counsel "would, himself, bring into view the merits of the main cause, in a trial upon his own plea in bar to those merits, interposed to prevent their being put in issue' or tried. But, finding myself mistaken in this, it becomes necessary for me to pay some attention to the statements made by the counsel, lest he should consider them as being acquiesced in.
The facts staten in the plaintiff's bill, we think, constitute a good
cause fqr the relief asked for. And we believe that we can prove those facts. The defendant, while, by his pleading, he excludes those facts from the issue and from trial, himself makes statements which we are not permitted to disprove ; because they also are excluded by him from'the issue and from trial. But there is this distinction between the statements made by the respective parties. The defendant has no right to state facts which he refuses to put in
issue, or have tried. But, it would not be departing from the merits of the law question of the sufficiency of the plea in bar, for the plaintiff to show the mraterial facts he would be able to prove, if inot precluded by the defects of the plea. At present, however, I ask leave to appeal to facts, only so far as may be necessary to correct the erroneous statements made by the defendant.
I understood the'counsel to say, that he resorted to the merits of the cause, and to one of the charges in our bill, for the purpose of showing that, at the time of the Roxbury agreement of 1710, 1711, there was a serious misunderstanding between the parties as to what was the most southerly part of Charles river, at the distance of three English miles south from which the southern boundary

228 '

SUPREME COURT.

[The State of Rhode Island vs, The State of Massachusetts.]

line of Massachusetts was to be ,run east and west, agreeably to her charter; Rhode Island claiming to measure from Charles river proper, as it is now known; while -Massachusetts insisted upon taking the head of a brook, called Jack's Pasture brook, or Mill brook, as the most southerly part of Charles river; and that this misunderstanding led to a compromise which was effected by the agreement at Roxbury. But the charge referred to negatives instead of countenancing this supposition. For it speaks of the pretence about Jack's Pasture brook, as one that is set up against the present claim of Rhode Island, which was made upon Massachusetts, in 1748; and has since been adhered to and prosecuted to the present time. But besides this, it is plain from the reports of all the committees from 1710, 1711, and1718, to 1791, that Mill brook was never thought
of as in any way affecting the question of the boundary line, until the idea occurred to, and was for the first time, started by the Massachusetts commnittee of that last year, 1791. . In the old reports of 1710, 1711, and 1718, no mention is made of any such brook; and it is not
likely-that the committees knew of its existence, for they took no
view even of Charles river itself. They adopted the supposed Woodward and Saffrey station, because set'up (they said) by skilful and approved artists, so far back as 1642; and believed to be on the true charter line. The same ground was taken by the Massachusetts committee of 1750, which was appointed, as the report shows, to run the line from the pretended Woodward and Saffrey stake. Not
to ascertain what was Charles river, nor where the true boundary line was or ought to be, noi to run any such line. But, aftex the
Rhode Island committee of 1750 had by actual view and survey ascertained the true charter line, and found that the line chalked out
by Massachusetts for herself, was really eight, instead of three miles off from Charles river, and gave to that colony a part of the Rhode island territory, averaging five miles, in breadth by twenty-three in
length; it'would not do any longer to rest upon the naked authority of the ima~iuary. Woodward and Saffrey stake, which 'had been acquiesced in, only because it had been asserted to be on the true line, and nothing to the contrary was known. The Massachusetts
committee of 1791, therefore,,cast about for something to give a colour of pretence for adhering to the old position, after it had been thus exposed. And in their difficulty, they quit Charles river, and
run up into Mill brook, and through Whiting's pond, two and a half miles off, and then into another brook still further on. Their report (annexed to the bill) shows this. After mentioning that the
Rhode Island committee measured from Charles river as it now is, they say, "we have inserted our own survey of what we conceive to be the most southern part of Charles river," &c. And the report then tells how they made the matter out, as has just been related. Here it appears, that the pretence about Mill brook, was a new one, and their own. They do not speak of it as having ever before been thought of, but as a conception of their own.
The allegation, therefore, that there had been a dispute about this

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

229

[The State of Rhode Island w.The State of Massachusetts.]
brook, in 1710, 1711, which had led to a compromise then made, is wholly unsuppprted and unfounded. Indeed, the idea that Charles river ever could have been mistaken for Mill brook, or the brook for the river, or that they ever could have been identified and taken for one and the same, appears to me to be preposterous. Charles river had its present name, the only name it has ever had, even before the first settlement was made by the Massachusetts colony. It was so named in the first charter, by King Charles I., to that colony, in 1629. Whoever first went there and saw it, marked it as one of the giat natural boundaries for the colony. A boundary definite and permanent, about which there could be no uncertainty or dispute. Having the broad river before their eyes, although in the wilderness, and not far to be seen, it is not likely that they spied out the particular tributary brook, much less that they groped tlhelr way through the bushes and swamps, to see where it came from, that they might nonour it; Whiting's pond, Jack's Pasture brook, and all, up to the big chesnut tree, with the name of the king.
The counsd thinks that he sees evidence of a compromise in the clause of the Roxbury agreement, leaving five thousand, or the land within ore mile north, to the inhabitants of Providence or others. But the committee assigned their own, and a different reason, for that clause; which was, that some of the inhabitants of Providence had laid out lots there. But it is not pretended that any notice was taken of that clause by the government of Rhode Island, or that it was ever acted upon by either government. Again, if the Roxbury committee had been making a compromise instead of ascertaining and fixing the charter line; their report would have shown it, and the grounds of it. They were-bound to show this;
for their respective legislatures had a right to know what they did, and why they did it. Now, the report of this committee, on the face of it, negatives the supposition of a compromise. It professes to go by the charters ; and that the station agreed upon was on the
true charter line, and no more than three English miles from Charles river. And so the General Assembly of Rhode Island was led to believe; and not that any thing was done by way of compromise. A singular compromise it would have been certainly, had it been so intended ; by which Massachusetts took to herself five miles of the Rhode Island territory, and in consideration thereof, allowed the
inhabitants of Providence or others, to retain the land within one mile, but under her jurisdiction. Whether that territory does 'or does not justly belong to Rhode Island, by her charter, and equally so by the charter of Massachusetts, is the question which constitutes the merits of the main cause; and can only be tried when those
merits are put in issue. Some further disclosures are made in the report of trie Massa-
chusetts committee of 1791, which ought not to be overlooked.
Having- mentioned, that Old Plymouth colony aid Rhode Island had the same northern boundary on Massachusetts, the report says:
"The erection of a third government, roferring to the, same bounds,
VoW. XIV.-U

230

SUPREME COURT.

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
(the Rhode Island charter of 1663 had then just been granted,) seems to have rendered it necessary for Plymouth and Massachusetts to ascertain their bounds." Accordingly commissioners were then (in 1664,) appointed, who "fixed upon a large tree, called the Anglb tree, as the north line of Plymouth and the south line of Massachusetts," &c. "This, (spys the report,) the commissioners apprehend to have been the true and original boundary; and is three imles south of the most southerly part of Charles river." They then mention the appointment of commissioners by Massachusetts and Rhode Island, in 1718, "who fixed a new. station, about two miles north of the angle tree," called Woodward and Saffrey station. "This commonwealth then lost two miles in width along the northern-line of Rhode Island."
Thus these Massachusetts commissioners themselves falsify the pretended Woodward and Saffrey station, which they call a "new station," fixed upon in 1718. And it is a striking fact, that although the settlement with Plymouth was onily twenty-two years after the date now assigned to the Woodward and Saffrey station, yet, in that settlement, not a word was said about any such station. The plain inference is, either that none such existed, or that Massachusetts concealed it for the purpose of gaining two miles more upon Plymouth; and that with a view to fixing a line for Rhode Island, without giving Rhode Island any notice of her doings, or allowing her to be a party to them. The probability is, that no such station was ever heard of, until Colonel Dudley asserted that there was or had been one. The report in my hand states, that no record of it had been preserved. The Massachusetts committee of, 1750, say that they found none; and it is plain from all the other reports that none existed at their dates. Even Dudley himself did -not pretend that he had ever seen any. And there is not in the whole case, a particle of evidence that there ever was any such .station in exigtence.
It is necessary that I should now take one more look at this now important Jack's Pasture, or Mill brook, and notice the use which the Massachusetts committee of 1791, endeavoured to make of it; and which the defendant endeavours to make of it, since it was then brought into notice. That committee, in its report, says: "It may not be unnecessary to observe, that at the northern head of what we call Charles river, is a, place known by a large chesnut tree; thence the stream descends to Whiting's pond, where it forms a considerable lake, and afterwards resuming its proper shape, (and now known by the name of Mill-river,'or brook,) pursues its course in a northerly direction'till it joins that stream, which is known by the name of Charles river." Here the committee themselves mark the distinction between Charles river and the brook that runs iotG it, calling each by its own proper name, by wvhich it had always been known and still is. If all the tributary streams which find their way into a river are to take its name, and to be considered part of it before they reach it, and contribute their mites to its

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

231

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
waters, then would there be 'a mighty change in the great natural boundariec by. rivers, between nations and states, and even eounties. If the Mississippi should be so measured, it would be a wonderful river to behold; and many a great state, and parts of states, wou.o disappear from the map of the United States. But the Missouri is not the Mississippi, nor part of the Mississippi, until it joins it; and if a state should be bounded on a line to be run twenty miles distant from the Mississippi, nobody would dream of measuring the twenty miles from the Missburi as part of the Mississippi When two rivers, or streams, come together and form one river, which keeps the name of one of the branches, that name can never. be understood to comprehend the other branch, having a distnct name of its own. 'If,therefore, this Mill brook, instead of being a mere streamlet creeping into Charles river, was really a principal branch of Charles river, having its own proper name ; neither that name nor the brook could ever be confounded with the river or its name, until they were swallowed' up in the main river.
Here, your honours have the real and only question between the parties, upon the merits of the cause under the charters. That ,question (as first raised by Massachusetts committee of 1,791, and never before) is, whether the first charter granted to Massachusetts, by King Charles I., in 1629, by the name "Charles river," meant Charles river proper, as it was then and ever since has been known and called; or, besides this, meant also Jack's Pasture, or Mill brook, running from near a large chesnut tree into a pond called Whiting's pond, two and a halft miles off from Charles river, meant also the said'Whiting's pond: and, moreover, another brook running out of the pond, and fin.ally getting into Charles river. This, I repeat, is the only question upon the merits, as the defendant himself has made it, If the defen~dant is willing to have a trial upon the merits, let him put them in issue, or allcr us to put them iii issue. Both' parties would then have an opportunity to produce their evidence applicable to that question. Among other evidence, we have in our possession certified copies of a large number of original grants, from 1659 to 1698, to individuals, of lands, bounded, some on Charles river, and some on Mill brook, or Jack's Pasture brook ; all of them showing, that the'river and brook were never confounded together, but, were always distinguished by the same separate names they now are. We have also much other material evidence upon that question of the merits. ·But your honours cannot now hear any of it, because that question is not in issue, or on trial. The defendant virtually acknowledges the original title of -Rhode Island, by setting up a supposed cession or grant from her, in bar of that title. Let him, then, present that bar matter and our reply to it, in such a manner that they can be fairly tried. Let him not deprive us of a fair trial upon one question or the other, either upon the merits, or the bar, or both ; as he had it in his power to do under the twenty-third rule of practice established by the Court : allowing a defendant to have the benefit

SUPREME COUR.:
[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
of his bar matter, under his answer to the merits, as fully as he can by pleading it specially.
I will now proceed to consider the question of the sufficiency of the defendant's plea as a bar.
This plea is in bar to the whole bill. The requisites of such a.plea being familiar to the Court, we have only to inquire whether the present plea possesses those requisites. Our objections to it, I will endeavour to bring under one or other of the following heads: 1. The matter of the plea does not constitute a bar to the relief prayed for, 2. The plea does not contain the statements of facts, and the averments necessary to a good plea in bar. 3. The plea is not accompanied by such an answer as the
rules of equity require to support such a plea, and to give to the plaintiff the benefit of the material facts charged in the bill in avoid-
ance of the plea. The plea c6mmences with relating that in the year 1642, a station
was erected and fixed at a point then taken and believed to be on the true boundary liue between the two states. So mere a story as this, would be thought too loose and light for the use of a common annalist, whose work is Very unlike that of a special pleader. A, station was taken, it is said; and we are left to conjecture that it was erected by one Woodward and one Saffrey, by its being called the Woodward and Saffrey station; who in another place are called skilful and approved artists. But the Massachusetts historian, Dr. Douglass, tells us, that they were two illiterate and obscure sailors, and would never have been heard of but for the controversies between Massachusetts and Connecticut and-Rhode Island. There is no- report or statement from Woodward and Saffrey themselves of their doings, and no record of any. The plea says that the station then set up was believed to be. on the true line. This mode of expression would hardly have been used if any actual survey had been made, and the real charter line ascertained by actual measurement. The plea avoids stating that Woodward and Saffrey were employed by Massachusetts, or authorized by anybody. If they acted under the orders of the Massachusetts government-which I do not doubt, if they acted at all; which I do doubt, because I see no reason for believing it-then, what wasdone was the ex parte act of Massachusetts, and not binding upon anybody. It is not pretended that any notice was taken of Rhode Island in what was done.
Indeed, it was only about six years before that date, that Roger Williams and his companions, having been exiled from Massachusetts for conscience' sake, took refuge in Providence. It is a matter of history, that neither Rhode Island, Connecticut, New Hampshire, Maine or Plymouth, were acknowledged by Massachusetts, at that day, as possessing any power independent of herself. At that early period, she assumed to be mistress over all the surrounding territories; and she drew her lines and erected her stations as she pleased, without consulting her feeble neighbours, and in defiance of them. And that she most wantonly encroached upon them all, is a mattel

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

233

[The Sate of Rhode Iiland vs. The State of Massachusetts.]

not only of history, but of judicial record. It seems to me that the

defendant can add no strength to his plea in bar by basing it upon

his own ex parte act, and insisting upon that act as the source and

foundation of all the subsequent proceedings which be sets up as

matters in bar to a claim founded upon his own charter as well as

upon the charter of a sister state.

The plea proceeds to state, that, by virtue of an act of the Gene-

ral Assembly of Rhode Island, passed the 30th of July, 1709, Major

Joseph Jenckes was appointed to meet Colonel Dudley, who was ap-

pointed by Massachusetts, and to settle the misunderstanding about

the line, &c.: "provided it be within six months after passing of the

act of the said Assembly ;" that "said Jenckes and Dudley, on the

19th day of January, then next ensuing, and within six months from the passing of said act," did meet and conclude the following agree-

ment, &c. Here is an error in the reckoning of time apparent on the

paper. The recited agreement is dated, "Roxbury, January 19th,

1710-11," which was eighteen months instead of six months, after

the passing of the act referred to. The mistake of defendant proba-

bly arose from not noticing the double dating practised -it that day,

and including both the oldand the new style. By the old style the

year commenced and ended on the 25th of March. So that the

same month of January, which was part of the year 1710, by the

old style, was the commencement of the year 1711, by the new.

But, take it either way, the month of July, 1709, was eighteen

months prior to the date of the instrument. This being the case, the

agreement of Jenckes and Dudley was null and void: Jenckes'

authority to act having expired a year before he did act.

The case would have been altered, had the two governments

afterwards confirmed the instrument. But no such thing was done

by either government, and is not alleged to have been. This inatru-

ment, therefore, is no bar to the bill.

But, as every subsequent proceeding set up in the plea is therein

averred to hav6 been based upon this Roxbury agreement, and takeht

in pursuance of it; and as it is from and under and by virtue of this

agreement, that defendant claims to have held possession; I will, with

permission, make some remarks fipon it, for the purpose of showing

its character, and the manner in which it was obtained.

It is stated, that the committee met at Roxbury, and then and

there debated the challenges concerning the several charters; &c.

relating to the line between the two colonies. This reference to the

charters makes them part of the instrument as much as if they had

been annexed to it. Now, by the Massachusetts charter, her south-

ern boundary line was to be three Eniglish miles south of the most

southerly part of Charles river. Thus, the plain duty of the com-

mittee was to go to Charles river, ascertain the most southerly .part of it, measure off the three miles south, and thence run the line east

and west, or erect a monument from which the line might be run.

But the committee performed no part of this dutr, and took no sin-

gle step by which the object of their appointment could be effected.

u 2

30

234

SUPREME COURT.

[The State of Rhode Island v8. The State of Massachusetts.]
They took no view of Charles river, made no survey or measurement, nor any attempt to ascertain the charter line. On the contra-
ry, Jenckes went to Roxbury, two miles out of Boston, and thirty or forty miles from the place where hiq business called him; and there, at the door of Governor Dudley, they debated the challenges, as they call it. This is easily accounted for, and can be accounted for in one way only. The two committees and, their respective colonies were very differently situated. It was plainly for the interest of Rhode Island, to have the true charter line ascertained and established, and not to be tied down to the ex parte doings of Massachuisetts. But Massachusetts had already carved for herself, and was desirous only of keeping what she had taken; and it was,-therefore, the purpose of Dudley, her commissioner and governor, to draw Jenckes away from Charles river, and to avoid having any inspection or actual survey taken, by which, at the same time that the true charter line was ascertained, it would be made to appear that Massachusetts had encroached largely upon Rhode Island. And Dudley gained his point, and brought Jenckes to join with him in saing and agreeing that "the stake set up by Nathaniel Woodward' and Solomon Saffrey, skilful and approved artists, in 1642, and since often renewed, &c., being three English miles distant from Charles river, agreeably to the letters patent for the Massachusetts province, &c., should be the commencement of the line, &c." Can it be doubted *ho dictated this instrument, and who drew it. These representations of the doings of Massachusetts agents were palpably made by Dudley, the then Massachusetts agent, to, Jenckes. Jenckes did not know that there ever were such men as Nathaniel Woodward or Solomon Saffrey; or that they were skilful and approved artists; or that they ever set up any stake anywhere; or that it had been often or ever renewed. He did noteven know that any such stake then existed, much less that it was three English miles, and no more, from Charles river. Yet, all this Dudley induced him to subscribe to. If it was allowable here, we could show that the very same language used in this report about Woodward and Saffrey, and theirskill, and their station, &c. &c;, was Dudley's language, used in a communication from him made four years before. And the very truth is, that Jenckes' appointment was procured by Dudley himself, as appears by the vote itself, passed by the General Assembly in July, and referred to at the commencement of this plea, as giving Jenckes authorityto act. Which vote recites, that, "whereas, the Assembly has been credibly inforned that his excellency Colonel Dudley has
declared, that if Major Joseph Jenckes was empowered thereto, he doubted not but that they two should settle," &c. &c. The General Assembly did not foresee the use that Colonel Dudley was to make
of his Jajor Jenckes. I do not forget that we are now trying the suffic, ency, and not the
truth of defendant's plea. but the averments in the plea cannot cover or protect such marks Or evidences of mistake, misconduct; undue influence, &c.&c., as appear upon the face of the instrument

JANUARY TERM, i840.

12,35

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.1
itself, pleaded in bar; for these go to show the invalidity of the bar.
There are other such marks on this instrument. The line, it says, is to be run " as is deciphered in a plan or tract by Nathaniel Wood-
ward and Solomon Saffrey, now shown to us, and is now remaining on record in the Massachusetts government." It is a trifling circumstance to remark upon; but it is now acknowledged, that the plan or tract spoken of was never on record in Massachusetts, other-
wise than as it was deposited in the secretary's office ; and, if Dudley then hrad it at Roxbury, it was not then remaining on record. But what had Jenckes to do with this ex parte plan, any more than with the ex parte station of Woodward and Saffrey; of neither of which had he any knowledge beyond the mere assertion of the adverse party. And let me ask, why was not that plan or tract, or, a
copy of it, annexed to the instrument of which it was made a part, and which, without it, was a nullity, and could not be carried into effect, any more than a bill of sale of certain articles enumerated in an inventory not annexed or identified ? And where is that pre-
tended plan n'ox, that it is not produced here ? The counsel says;' that it is on record, or on file ; and will be produced on proper occasion. And is not this the proper occasion, when the validity of the insfrumoqt3 of which the plan is made part, is on trial; and that in-
strument cannot be understood without the plan it refers to and rests upon ? The counsel have procured and produced a recent plat to show the importance of Mill brooke. Can it be believed that the pretended Woodward and Saffrey plan would not be produced, if any thing favourable was to be found in it? I have no doubt that
there was, at some time or other, and now is, a scrawl of 'ome kind, which has been called the Woodward and Saffrey plan or tract. But I am confident, that, whenever it makes its appearance, it Will be seen that the person or persons who made it, whether Woodward and Saffrey, or somebody else long afterwards, were grossly ignorant; afid no glimpse of light can be obtained from it to aid in ascertaining the line between the parties.
Lastly, the committee agree that persons should be appointed by the governor and counsel of each state, to show the ancient line, &c. Here we see Governor Dudley again. Massachusetts had, and still has, a distinct.political body so entitled, and with the power of appointment; but there was no such body in Rhode Islnd. Jenckes knew this, and yet he repeated after Dudley whatever was
dictated to him. But no such committee was ever appointed by either government; and is not alleged to have been.
Next, the plea recites parts of votes passed by the two legislatures, in 1717 and 1718, appointing another committee to settle the line, and then sets out the agreement made by those committees at Rehoboth, October 22d, 1.718. And the plea avers that those com-
mittees were appointed, and the agreement made "in pursuance of" the Roxbury agreement of 1710, 1711, which I have just been ex.
amining. It appears that both legislatures, by their first votes, did restrict

23.6

SUPREME COURT.

[The State of Rhode Island vs.The State of Massachusetts.]
their respective committees to the Roxbury agreement. But the Rhode Island legislature, by its. subsequent Vote, passed June 17th, 1718, expressly disowned the Roxbury doings, and gave its com-
mittee unrestricted power to settle the line, as near as might be, according to the charter; and the Massachusetts legislature) by its second vote, gave the same power to her committee. And thus the
Roxbury agreement, which was void in itself from the beginning, was abandoned by both parties.
The Rehoboth agreement, (as it is called, from the place where it was made,) is in eight and a half lines, with a preamble: and the whole of it is, that the line should be run from the Woodward and Safirey stake, so as to be at Connecticut river two and a half miles south of a due west line. This agreement is liable to some of the same material objections that have been made to the Roxbury agreement. The committee paid no regard to the charters, nor made any attempt to ascertain the true charter line. They arbitrarily adopted the pretended Woodward and Saffrey stake, wherever it might be; without knowing that there was any such stake, or going to see either that or Charles river. The plea then alleges, that the General Assembly of Rhode Island accepted this Rehoboth agreement, and ordered it to be recorded; and thereby ratified and confirmed it. I will con-
sider, presently, what kind of ratification this was. The plea now introduces the last instrument tipon which it relies,
and which has been called the report of the running committee. That committee consist.d of four persons, who say, in their report, that they were appointed by the Rehohoth committee to run the line by them agreed upon. This is the only evidence there is oftheir appointment by anybody. The Rehoboth Ieport speaks of no sluch committee ; and none such was appointed by either colony: Whatever, their authority was, they undertook to run a line, and say in their report of it, that "having met at the stake of Nathaniel Woodward and 'Solomon Saffrey," &c. &c. This was spealking loosely. The stake set up by Woodward and Saffrey, in 1642, (if ever set up,) certainly was not in existence in 1719' Their meaning probably was, that the stake they met at was where the Woodward and Saffrey stake had been. Pat how did they know this; and what authority had they for saying it ? No doubt there was a stake where thekr met, for they would not have been carried there without a stake for them to start from. But who set up that stake, and where was it set up ? Neither' the Roxbury committee of 1710,1711, nor the Rehoboth committee of 1718, set up any stake or monument. They only speak of a stake said to have been set -up by Nathaniel Woodward and Solomon Saffrey, in 1642, and since often renewed, in latitud6 410 55', (says the ;st committee,) but they saw no such stake, nor knew that any su.h existed. Thu this running committee had nothing to go by. Tiiey had, not the plan or tract of Woodward and Saffrey, nor did their take the latitude 410 55', on whicn the Roxbury report said the Woodward and Saffrey stake was set up; for that latitude would, in fact, have carried

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

237

[The State of'Rhode Islanid vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
them many -miles off from the stake where they met; which, as appears from the line described by the committee,) was in latitude 420 3'. By their'own showing, the running committee had no power to fix any station, or set up any. stake themselves. How, then, did they know that the stake they saw was where the Woodward and Saffrey stake had been? They could only believe from what was told them ; and that, in all probability, by persons interested, and who had themselves set up the stake they wished the line to be run from. It was the tradition in that quarter for many years, and derived from the old men of the day, that the pretended stake was a bean pole, stuck up by John Chandler, one of the running committee.e At all events, that committee had no right to hear evidence, for they had no power to decide.
Thus, from all that appears, there is as good cause for believing
that the stake from which these four men started, was any where else, as that it was at or near the place of the Woodward and Saffrey
stake, if there evqr was any. For myself, I can see nothing in all those proceedings, from begin-
ni!g to end, but kmposition, and the exercise of undue influence over the Rhode Islnd committees.
The plea then alleges, that the said report or return of the running committee " was approved by the General Assembly of the said colony pf Rhode Island," &c. This is copied from our original bill; but in the amended bill, (page 36,) those words are stricken out, being incorrect, and the words, " the above return is accepted by the Assembly: a true copy, extracted from the public records of the colony of Rhode Island, examined by T. Ward, secretary," inserted. That being the minute appearing on the document itself. I have no desire to be critical, but it may be observed, that there is
no vote of acceptance. A secretary or clerk can only certify to a copy of a vote. He has no authority to certify that :such or such a thing was done, or-vote passed. The record is the only evidence of votes; and certified copies are the evidences of the record.
But what does it amount to, if there were such a vote ? It was no more than the ordinary form on such occasions. Wheit a legislative committee makes a report, something is to be done with it ; and the usual course is to receive or accept it; and then it is laid on the table, or ordered on file, or taken up and acted upon. The ame course was pursued in the. legislature of Massachusetts, as appears by the secretary's minutes, on some of the reports of their committees. But the report so received or accepted is nothing of itself, until some legislative act is passed upon the subject of it.
But the legislature of Rhode Island never passed any act-confi rning the doings of either of those committees, or establishing either of the lines (for they all differ) spoken of by them. Nor did
the legislature of Massachusetts ever pass any such act; and it is not alleged that she did. .And, if one of the governments had confirmed those proceedings,. by ever so solemn an act of ratification,

238

SUPREME COURT.

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts,]
the other could take no advantage of it without passing a similar and mutual act of dinfirmation on her part.
But as there was no such ratificatloh by either government, it seems that the defendant would now set up the doings of the committees, as binding and absolute in themselves, withbut any legislative acts confirming them: thus making the committees independent of, and paramount to, the legislatures which created them. This is novel, and I should think, dangerous doctrine. If this is true, the moment the legislature passed a vote appointing a committee to perform a certain service, it parted with all power over the subject; and could neither revoke the appointment, nor vary, nor in any way
touch the powers of that committee. This was not the understhnding of either legislature at the time of passing the votes and appoint-
ing their committees, as has already been shown. The boundary line between Massachusetts and Connecticut (which by their charters was precisely the same as ours) was agreed upon by a joint com-
mittee, in 1713 ; and the doings of that committee were ratified and confirmed by mutual acts passed by both legislatures: and it was those legislative acts of confirmation, and not the report of the com-
mittee, upon which Massachusetts wholly relied in their subsequent dispute respecting the line. And even those solemn acts of ratification were set aside for the same causes and grounds which we are now presenting to the Court. This, as I before remarked, is new ground, even for Massachusetts to take. For her own committee of 1791, (whose report, jointly with the Rhode Island committee, is
copied into our bill; and whose separate report to their own legislature is annexed to the bill, and h'as already been referred to,) that committee, remarking that the proceedings of the former committees had not been confirmed by either government, joined with the Rhode Island committee in recommending to their respective governments, "to subnit the matter in dispute to indifferent men of the neighbouring states; or to unite in an application to Congress to
settle the same, agreeably to the respective charters, and the Consti-
tution of the United States." I have thus far endeavoured to show from the plea itself that the
matter contained in it does not constitute a bar to the plaintiff's bill; and will now, with permission, proceed to the two other general grounds of objection, which, as they are closely connected, I will consider together. They are, 1st, That the plea does not contain the statements. of facts, nor the averments necessary to a good plea
in bar; and 2d, That it is not accompanied by such an answer as the rules of equity require to. support such a plea, and to give the
plaintiff the benefit of the matter charged in the bill in avoidance of the plea. I wish it to be understood that we make no objections to the mere form either of the plea or answer. Our objections are to the merits, and substance of them., And we contend, that not a single material fact charged in the bill in avoidance of the bar matter pleaded, is negatived or met by any averment in the plea, or by

JANUARY TERM, 1840

239

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachisetts.]

the answer. -So that, as the plea and answer now stand, the defend-

ant would avail himself of his legal defence, while he Would exclude

the plaintiff from all the equitable facts and circumstances charged

in the bill in avoidance of the bar; which, by the rules of equity, a

defendant is not permitted to do. In avoidance of the two agreements plead in bar, viz. that made

at Roxbury in 1710, 1711, and that at Rehoboth in 1718, the bill charges that the Rlbode Island committees who signed those instru-

ments were misled by representations made to them by the Massachusetts committees, and acted under the mistaken belief that the

pretended Woodward and Saffrey station was really on the true

charter line, and was no more than three English miles from the

most southerly part of Charles river; and that under this erroneous

belief they signed the agreements; which, if confirmed, would trans-

fer to Massachusetts a large portion of territory justly belonging to

Rhode Island, and the jurisdiction over it. This is the general

charge; and in support and proof of it,,the bill charges the follow-

ing facts, viz. that by actual survey and measurement, it is proved

that the line alleged to have been run according to those agreements

is near eight miles, instead of three miles, distant from the most

southerly part of Charles river, and takes from Rhode Island a tract

of territory four, miles and fifty-six rods wide on the east, and over

five miles 6n the west end; and in length, twenty-three miles: that

said line does not conform to the line designated in either of said

agreements, it being in latitude 42' 3' N., whereas the supposed

Woodward and Saffrey station is alleged to have been in latitude

410 55': that neither of said committees made any survey or measurement, nor any attempt to ascertain the true charter line : that,

at the dates of said agreements, there was no such station as the

pretended Woodward and Saffrey station, nor any evidence that

there ever had and took

been

any:

that

said committees saw no

such station,

no step to ascertain whether there then was or ever had

been any, or how far it was from Charles river, if it did exist. It was the duty of the plea to have met and negatived the main

charge by direct and positive averments; but there is no such aver-

ment to be found in the plea. The principal averinent is, that there

was no covin, fraud, or misrepresentation. The bill does not charge

covin or fraud, although it might justly have done so. The aver-

ment of no misrepresentation, is evasive, and no direct negative; for

the defendant might admit'that such representations were made as

the bill charges, and yet might consistently aver that no misrepre-

sentations were made,'for he might say they'were true. But it is

of little importance from what source the committees received their

impressions; it is enough that the hill charges that they act-ad under

an erroneous belief; and this charge is not touched by. any of the

averments. The other averments are, that the whole merits of the

plaintifi's claim were 'heard and decided upon by the committees:

that the agreements were fair, legal, and binding, and madewith a

full and equal knowledge of all circumstances by both parties. All

240

SUPREME COURT.

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
the first part of this is mere opinion and assertion. A man charged with a breach of contract, might as well reply that he was an honest man, and a man of fair standing. The sweeping allegation that the agreements were made with a full and equal knowledge of all circumstances, has none of the qualities of an averment required in pleading. It is no traverse of anr specific charge or fact. No fact charged, however important, could be put in issue under it. Yet that is the whole object of averments in the plea; which are therefore required to be direct and positive, not evasive,.or by way of opinion, inference, or implication, which it is the province of the Court to deal with, not the party..
The bill also charges that the legislature of Rhode Island was deceived, and led to believe that its committees had ascertained the true charter line: that there really was such a station as the Woodward and Saffrey station, and that it was on the true line, and no more than thre6 miles from Charles river. This charge is most important, because the legislature, if it had not itself been deceived, could have corrected the errors of its committees. Now there is not a word in the plea or answer that in any way meets, much less negatives, this main charge; which goes to the roots of the pretended agreements. And the defendant might as well have put no averments at all into his plea, and accompanied it with no answer; and still have insisted upon having the pretended agreements sanctioned and allowed to be'valid, without any examination whatever. Will equity countenance any such practice ? It is observable that the Roxbury agreement is so framed, and contains such statementl, as could not fail to mislead and deceive the General Assembly of Rhode Island. The committee professed to go by the charters and letters patent of the two colonies; as the legislature of Rhode Island expected they would, and supposed they had done. The -committee then adopt the supposed Woodward and Saffrey.take, " being (they say) three Enclish miles distant from the southernmost part of Charles river, agreeably to the letters patent for' the Massachusetts province." It cannot be averred here that Governor Dudley had no hand in making this representation. And how was it possible for the legislature of Rhode Island to avoid being deceived by this representation ?
So much for the averments in the plea. And now for the accompanying answer-if that can be cailed an answer, which is a mere repetition of the averments in the plea, without the slightest addition to them. Can such an answer be said to support the plea, as the rule in equity requires that it should ? But, to support the plea is not the only office of the answer. It must meet anl respond, particularly and specifically, toevery fact and equitable circumstance charged in the bill, in proof of the main charge in avoidance of the bar matter pleaded; to the end that the plaintiff may have the benefit, and avail himself of his equitable defence against the bar. If the answer cannot do this with truth or safety, then the plea is not only a defective and insufficient one, but is an improper plea to be

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

241

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]

used. May I not correctly say that this plea is not supported by

such an answer as the rules of equity require; and without which

the plea cannot be sustained?

Again,.the bill charges, that the agreements now set up were

never consented to by the king of England; without which, at that

day, the colonies had no power to make any compact affecting their

territories or jurisdiction. This being the case; it was- necessary

for the plea to show the authority of the two colonies to act, as it

was to show the authority by which their committees acted. This

same objection was made by the state of'Connecticut, in her contro-

versy with Massachusetts about their boundary line; and made

too against the validity of the solemn acts of the two legislatures.

And how was it met by-Massachusetts? Her reply was, that her

government, by its charter, was required to send all its public acts

to the king, for his approbation; and' that such of them as were not

disallowed within a certain period were to be considered as allowed.

It was, therefore, inferred by Massachusetts, that this course must

have been taken upon the occasion of her compact with Connec-

ticut; and that that compact had been tacitly consented to by the

king. In the case of Pool vs. Fleeger, recently decided in this Court,

there was a formal compact between the states of Kentucky and

Tennessee, settling a boundary line between them; which compact

was formally ratified by both governments, and consvnted to by Con-

gress. The Court said in that case: "It is part of the general right

of sovereignty belonging to independent nations to establish and fix

disputed boundaries. This right is recognised by the Constitution

of the United States, with the limitation or restriction requiring the

consent of Congress." As, therefore, the consent of Congress is pecessary to the validity of satch a compact, even at the present

day, it follows, that a party who pleads such a compact in bar to a suit, must show its validity, by stating the consent of Congress to it.

But in the present case, the bill itself charges the defect in the Rox:-

bury and Rehoboth agreements; and the charge ought to have been directly met and responded toby the plea and answer. It is for the

purpose of showing the insufficiency of the plea, in this respect,

that I mention the charge contained in the bill; and not fur the purpose of discussing here the objection itself to the two agreements

which would not now be proper. But the plaintiff has a right to

be heard upon that question at a proper time, and therefore, the

defendant was bound t6 respond~to the charge.

The plea concludes by stating, in substance, that the defendant

doth plead the said agreement of 1710, 1711, and the said agree-

ment of 1718. "And unmolested possession according to the same,

from the date of the said agreements, in bar to the whole bill," &c.

The opening counsel for the defendant-has considered the alleged

possession as constituting a distinct bar of itself. If this is the

meaning of the plea, it is pleading double; which is a fatal objec-

tion to any such l)lea. The passages, therefore, read by the counsel

from Vattel, to show that prescription may give a good title, are

VOL. XIV.-X.

31

242

SUPREME COURT.

[The State of Rhode sland vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
out of place; supposing that the counsel did not mean to spoil his own plea. To' be sure he ought to understand his own plea best; .but I suppose that long possession under the two agreements, is alleged in the plea for the purpose of aiding and protecting them from inquiry into defects in their origin. Long possession is frequently used for this purpose. But this plea alleges long possession only. It alleges. no .acquiescence in or assent to that pos-
session, without which mere naked possession is of no avail; for it furnishes no inference of the fairness of the original transaction, sought to be sustained. This may be illustrated by a very common cage. A man obtains a conveyanqe of an estate, by imposition or , some unjustifiable means, which, in equity, vitiates and annuls the transaction. Arid, having got possession, he retains it for many years. But, in the mean time, the injured party, having discovered the imposition Or mistake, and the injury done him, demands restitution from the wrongdoer, who holds many conferences with him; but evades the claim and avoids any inquiry into the justice of it, continues to hold possession. It is plain, th'at in such a case, the continued possession of the wrongdoer, instead of bettering the original transaction, aggravates its injustice. It is laid down by Vattel, page -192, that even prescription or usucaption, cannot be
set up against a party who is not in a condition to enforce his rights. This is-precisely the plaintiff's case. And this case is clearly and fully made out by our bill. 'And if the defendant had given us a sufficient plea and answer, so that'we might have taken issue, the
question of her alleged possession might have been tried, and we should have had an opportunity to rebut and avoid the alleged pos-
session, by producing the facts stated in the bill, and other. evidence, proving that the defendant has had no such possession as can give any ad or countenance to the two agreements which she relies upon, and which we impeach. But no such trial upon the question of possession can be had under the present question as to the sufficiency of the plea; and'I can only refer to the facts charged in the bill, for the purpose of showing the insufficiency of the plea in not having met and responded to those facts, so that they might have been put in issue and tried. The bill, after pointing out the irnposition or erroneous belief under which the Roxbury and ] ehoboth agreeIments had been signed by thecommittees; states that the error or mistake thus committed, and the wiong thereby done to Rhode Island, were not discovered until an actual survey of the premises was made in 1749, 1750, by which the true charter line was ascertained. That from that time Rhode Island never ceased to assert her claim, or to deny the right of Massachusetts to the possession of the territory of which she had wrongfully got possession. That the Rhode Island legislature had, time after time, appointed, and con
tinued, committees,' for the purpose of effecting a settlement of the dispute with Massachusetts, and had constantly urged that. colony,
and afterwards state, to appoint committees on her part for the same purpose; which had, been done by Massachusetts, and many con-

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

243

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
ferences upon the subject of the existing misunderstanding had been! held by those, committees from the year 1750, and continued to be held up to a recent date. But without producing any good effect: except in the year 1791, when the committees from the two states, not being able to agree upon the main subject, did agree to ,recommend to their respective governments to refer the matter in dispute to indifferent men of other states, or to Congress, to settle the same agreeably to the respective charters; the Massachusetts coinrhittee being satisfied that nothing' binding on either party had as yet been done. That some time after the committees appointed, 'by, the two colonies in 1749, 1750, had failed to effect a settlement, Rhode Island prepared 'to prosecute her claim before the king in council. "But that, being then thinly populated, and her resources -very limited, and the war with France having soon after broken out, by which her attention was directed to other objects, and her resources exhausted; her endeavours to obtain a settlement of'the line, according to her charter, were ineffectual; and that her efforts
tO effect that object were again suspended by the war of the revo: lution. But that towards the' end of that war, in 1782, upon the petition of a large number of the inhabitants residing on the disputed territory, claiming of right to beldng to Rhode Island; the legislature again appointed a committee who reported in favour of
said claim."' Besides these, there are other material facts and circumstances to
the sane effect, which, whenever the question of the alleged possession by Massachusetts shall be tried, will conclusively prove,
that from the year 1748, 1749, when the error in the boundary line was first discovered, Rhode Island has never, for a moment, acquiesced in the justice of that possession, but has constantly denied it, and demanded restitution; and that the character of that possession has r- been such as to give any consistency or validity to the. pretended agreements of 1710, 1711, and 1718, or either of them. But, as that question of possession is not now on trial; I presume that the references I have made to the charges in the bill, upon this head, are enough to support 'our objection to the plea'and answer
for insufficiency, in not having in any way negatived, met, or responded to a single one of those charges. I may, how-ever, be
allowed to remark, that, undoubtedly, Rhode Island was always very rehictant to engage in a conflict with her powerful neighbour.
And it is apparent, that the part whiclh Massachusetts herself acted, from the time that the error was discovered in 1749, was the chief cause thaf Rhode Island did not sooner adopt stronger measures for enforcing her right. For, the'"committees which Massachusetts continued tQ appoint and keep up, although they parried the claim of
Rhode Island, yet, by temporizing with her committees, and leading them along from period to period, they encouraged the expectation
that an equitable settlement might finally be effected.' And certainly Rhode Island had a right to indulge in this expectation', Pnrticularly after the year 1791, when the Massachusetts committee

244

JANUARY' TERM, 1840.

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massathusetts.]

itself recommended the appointment of impartial referees to settle the line according to the charters; which they were satisfied had nbt been done,' but ought to be done.
It ought to be recollected also, that, during all that period, the same controversy existed, and was carried on between Massachusetts and Connecticut The two :complainant states co-operated together, particularly in the measures taken to. bring their complaints before the king in council. Connecticut w"s the larger and -more influential colony; and Rhode Island very properly expected,
her to tdke the lead in the common cause, relying upon her efforts to'biing Massachusetts to justice. But during all that period there
was never any acquiescence by Rhode Island any 'more than by Connecticut, in the wrongful possession of Massachusetts; both colo-
nies, or states, equally and constantly protested against that wrongful possession, and demanded restitution. It was not until the year 1804, that Connecticut brought Massachusetts to terms: and certainly, when that was done, Rhode Island had good reason to hope
that her claims (resting upon the same basis as those of Connecticut,) would also be listened to, and her rights respected by Massachusetts. And accordingly, committees' were soon afterwards appointed by the two states to' make a settlement between them. And those committees continued their conferences until no long time before the commencement of this suit. Clearly, Massachu-
setts had as good a pretence for setting up her long possession
against Connecticut, as she can now have for setting 'it up against
Rhode Island: and better; for the agreement made in 1713, by their committees, adopting the same pretended Woodward and Saffrey station, as did the Roxbury committees in our case; that agreement was' confirmed and ratified by solemn acts of both governments.
But Connecticut would not consent, that a posses ion, wrongful in its commencement and continuance, and always protested against, should be used to support an agreement obtained by unfair means, and under which that possession had been unjustly held. And Massachusetts acquiesced in the objection, and abandoned the pretence of possession. Can she now revive the same pretence against
the other copartner state; with whom she had, at the same time, precisely the same controversy.
The counsel has dwelt and laboured upon this allegation of possession, as if the mere fact of possession was the only thing he had to establish. And has read a part of our bill to show that that fact is admitted by the plaintiff; and this,.he thinks, settles the whole
matter: keeping out of sight the facts charged by way of replication, in the bill, (in conformity to the practice in equity,) in avoidance of the admitted possession, showing that the alleged possession.was unfairly obtained, had been unjustly continued, and always protested against. This is the incurable defect oft the plea itself. It tenders no issue upon the only facts upon which an issue can be taken. The fact of possession being admitted by the replication, makes no part of the issue to be joined. The facts charged in avoid-

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

245

[The Rate of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
ance of that possession, are the only facts to be put in issue, so far as posgession makes part of the bar matter pleaded. As well might a defendant who pleads a release in bar, to which the plaintiff replies, admitting the execution of the release, but charging that it had been obtained by fraud; as well might the defendant refuse to have any trial upon the charge of fraud, and still insist upon his naked release, because the execution ot it is admitted
It has been asserted that Rhode Island was never, for a single
moment, in possession of the territory in question. This is saying too much. Wheh the Rhode Islanders were driven from Massa-
chusetts because they were Baptists and Quakers, they 'purchased of the native proprietors, and honestly paid for that part of the Narraganset's country which was b~yond the jurisdiction of the hostile colony; and there they colonized and took possession of the country in 1635, 1636. In 1643, they obtained their first charter, and their last in 1663; confirming their purchase from the native proprietors, and erecting them into a colony, bounded north on the charter line of Massachusetts colony. If certain persons (whatever their names) did go into the wilderness in 1642, and did, somewhere or other, set up a stake, and leave it standing, that act
did not interfere with the rights of anybody. If the Massachusetts colony had any agency in that, (which no how'appears, nor is
alleged in the plea,) she certainly did not pretend to take any possession adversely to the king or the king's grant to Rhode Island.
Rhode Island, therefore, was dlearly ini possession, at least down to 1710, 1711, the date of the agreement between Dudley and Jenckes; as to the possession which Massachusetts then obtained, how she
obtained and how retained it, I have already sufficiently commented upon; more than sufficiently, for the purposes of this argument upon the sufficiency of the defendant's plea.
Sundry passages have been read from Vattel, to show the sacred character of treaties and compacts between sovereigns. Who ever doubted so self-evident a proposition ? But what are those treaties and compacts which are so obligatory ? They are such as are just and unimpeachable; executed fairly and freely ; without suggestiq falsi, or suppressio veri; free from the charge of imposition, or undue practice, or unjust advantage. Is there any thing to be found in Vattel, that enjoins the observance of a compact of a different character from this; much more the confirmation of such a compact when made by agents acting under a gross mistake of facts? I am unable to comprehend the doctrine which would apply
different rules and principles of justice to the conduct of sovereigns, and to that of individuals. Justice herself knows no such distinc
tion. The counsel has intimated, that the habits and feelings of the in-
habitants of that district, would revolt at being included within the limits of Rhode Island. He speaks without authority, and is
wholly mistaken. Some years ago a large and respectable portion of those inhabitants, in a memorial to the legislature of Rhode
x2

246

SUPREME COURT.

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.j
Island, claimed to belong, to that state; and solicited the legislature to enforce their right. I am fully warranted in saying, that the mass of those inhabitants still entertain the same'opinions and wishes.

Mr. Webster, for the State of Massachusetts. The colonial grant of James the First of England, of the Plymouth colony, was on the 3d of November, 1621. The grant was for all the lands lying between the fortieth and forty-eighth degrees of north latitude, extending westwardly from the bcean. On the 19th of March, 1628, the council of Plymouth made a grant to the Massachusetts settlers, of the territory destined to form the colony of Massachusetts, This grant was of, all the lands lying between. the Merrimac river on the north, and three miles south of Charles river, from the Atlantic or Western Ocean, on the east part, to the South Sea, on the west part. This grant was confirmed by Charles the First. The description of the territory is first found in the grant of the council of Plymouth to Massachusetts. Charles river was so called after 1625, and before 1628. At that time, there was not a white man in Massachusetts. It is a very important fact, and lies at the foundation of the question, in this case, that at the period referredto, the boundary three miles south of Charles river, was fixed when that river had never been ascended by the Wolonists three miles from its mouth. The first settlement made by the colonists was in Salem. It was made by Governor Endicott. Boston was not settled until 1630; and until that year Charles river was never ascended. The facts stated in the plea, and which are admitted, by the complainants, are, that in 1642, Woodward and Saffrey's monument was set up, to establish a south line for Massachusetts. This is clearly and distinctly stated in the early- part of the plea. This brings us to the fact, that fifteen years after the settlement of Massachusetts, the monument was established, and was known, and notorious. This was the position established for the boundary line of the colony ; and it is important to ask, if, by this line, Mas. sachusetts encroached on territory, not a part of her territory, on whose territory did she encroach ? Not on that of Rhode Island; for the colony of Rhode Island did not then exist. She must have encroached on the territory of the crown of England. This state of things remained until 1663, when the colony of Rhode Island
was established. Charles the Second did not grant the territory which composed
the colony of Rhode Island by metes and bonds; other than declaring the north line of the colony to be "on the north, or northerly by the south or southerly line of Massachusetts plantations."
The colonies established by those grants did not hold under the King of England. The language of the grants, i express terms,
excluded this. They were grants in "free and common socage." When Rhode Island received her territory by the grant, she received it bounded by the southwardly line of Massachusetts. This was an

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

247

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
acknowledgment of the boundary. Now, after the elapse of one hundred and ninety-eight years of full and uninterrupted possession by Massachusetts; as a colony until 1776, and'as a state up to the present period; she seeks to drive Massachusetts back from this line; and to take from her sovereignty and dominion over three miles of territory.
Why is this effort made? Why is this disturbance of the quiet and unmolested possession by citizens of Massachusetts, claimed.? Not because Rhode Island has a boundary different from that by which she has hitherto been restrained. She had no rights, when the colony was established, other than to the line now existing between! the two states. All she has of boundary or of territory, are, by the express terms of her grant, secondary to those of Massachusetts. She goes up to the southerly line'of Massachusetts; and there she
must stop, now, as heretofore. The case presented to the Court, on the bill and answer, is that
of a second grantee, taking his boundary from a prior grant; and who, after the elapse of one hundred and ninety-eight years, seeks to disturb the line so long existing and recognised between the prior grantee and himself.
On what ground is this attempt made? It is said, the boundary was fixed by mistake. But the state of Massachusetts does not acknowledge any mistake; unless it is found in the fact, that her true southern boundary, if it had bee.n correctly run, would be yet more south than that fixed by the Woodward and Saffrey station. Going higher up Charles river, a point far south of that stakion could have been found; which would have fully answered the boundary described in the colonial grant, of a line three miles south of Charles river.
How is it sought to maintain the position that the Woodward and Saifrey station is more than three miles south of Chairles river ? It is said that "Mill brook" and " Whiting's pond" are not parts of Charles river.
It is important to bear in mind, as has been stated, that when the station was fixed, but little of Charles river was known. The object of the grant was to give to the colonists the benefit of all the waters of Charles river; and the station was fixed in this view of the subject. "Mill brook" and " Whiting's pond" formed branches of the
river, as was then understood, and has ever since been so considered. The question now before the Court is identical with that which now disturbs the harmony of the United States and England; as to the northern boundary of the state of Maine.
The question before the Court is brought under the provisions of the Constitution of the United States. By what code of laws is it to be decided ?
There were no provisions in the articles of confederation, nor are there any in the Constitution of the United States, prescribing the modes or rules of proceeding in such a case; nor are there any laws of the land, or rules of Court to regulate Such a procedure, except

248

SUPREME COURT.:

[The State of Rhode Tslandvs. The State of Massachusetts.]
as to the notice of the institution of the suit. In the history of thI world, there is no account of a similar proceeding in any Court of judicature. No adjudication of such a controversy is known in any Court of the world. If any determination of the case is to be made, it must be under the law of nations;
Will this Court consider the case as one between individuals; a question of contract; and to be considered by the Court with a view to enforce the contract, as if it were between two citizens or 'two individualsrparties to the controversy ? No state in the Union would submit to such a view of the case. Its rights, as a sovereign state, are deeply involved in this question. The rights of the citizens to the government under which they were born; to the laws which they have assisted to make; and under which they have always lived, and desire still to live; under which they have acquired and hold their property ; are to be submitted to the Court.
The bill filed by the state of Rhode Island calls on the Court to change the allegiance of a large number of the citizens of Massachusetts; to oblige them to submit to a different body of laws than those which, by their own choice, have heretofore governed them: to dismember a state: and this on the ground that, nearly two hundred years ago a mistake was made in fixing the boundary line between -the two contending sovereignties. A possession of one hundred and ninety-eight years is thus to be disregarded; and all the rights of citizenship, all the rigs of property, all the affections of the people to the state of their birth, education, and prosperity,
are to be set aside.
No complaint is made that the controversy between the parties to this case is presented-by a bill in equity. It was proper to do so; but this does not change the rules by which the case is to be decided. A Court of Equity restores the consideration which has been paid by a party to a contract, when it rescinds the contract. Will this Court break up the compromise which was made by Massachusetts with Rhode Island; and return to Massachusetts the one mile of her territory which was given by her to Rhode -Island when the com-
promise was made? This case must-be ,discussed and settled upon principles which
will have the sanction of the whole civilized community. What can be more extraordinary and unusualy than an attempt, after the elapse of one hundred and ninety-eight years, to open a question on the ground of a mistake by the parties who had at that lQng by-gone day adjusted the controversy, in which adjustment, the mistake is alleged to have been made. Lewis the Fourteenth broke a treaty solemnly'made, on the ground of a mistake in the negotiators of the treaty; and all Europe was involved in war. The remarks of Voltaire on this act of the King of France, will apply to the attempt
made in the case before this Court, by the state of Rhode Island. The state of Massachusetts has a right to call upon the complain-
ants for a case, in whicha natural and ascertained botundary, known and acted upon for so long a period, has been disturbed.. Look at

JANUARY, TERM, 1840.

249

[The State'of Rhode lsland'vs. The State of 'Massachusetts.]
the question presented for the consideration of the Court by the agreements between the commissioners of the two colonies, while
they were colonies; and which had the acquiescence of the legislatures of both the parties. These are all stated in the plea. It is alleged by Massachusetts that there is a boundary between her and Rhode Island, of one hundred and ninety-eight years' standing; that this boundary was established by competent persons in 1710, and again. in 17,17 ; and from 1710,to the present time, Massachusetts, as a colony and as a sovereign state, has held the territory now claimed from her. Can a better reason against the removal or change of a boundary be given by any state ?
Is not this a good diplomatic answer to the claim of the state of Rhode Island ? One sovereign and independent state asks territory from another state, of,equal rank with herself. -She is met by the fact that the territory asked has been in possession of the state from which she asks its surrender, for nearlktwo hundred years. This should settle the question between the states. Established boundaries for one hundred years would not be disturbed between nations, with the consent of other nations.
What was the mistake asserted to have been made by the com-
missioners of Rhode Island? It is said they weremisinformed as to the distance of Woodward and Saffrey's station from Charles river. It is admitted by the complainant, that the commissioners .of Massachusetts acted in good faith: and yet the agreement is to be cancelled.
Fraud; actual fraud, would not set aside an' agreement, after so
much time had elapsed. If a party has slept on his case, or has suffered others to act under the belief that the subject was fully and finally arranged, Courts of Equity would not interfere after nearly two centuries had gone by; and property had been acquired, civil rights asserted, and undisturbed, during the whole of that long period. Although no attempt is made to change or affect the tenures of pioperty, the civil rights of thousands are to be changed, and transferred to another government to which they are strangers.
Again an authority for the grant, by the Court, of the object of the complainant's bill,' is asked for. Where is the case in which such relief has been sought? Where is the instance in which it has been -given? It is true, that on the- application of Rhode Island, commissioners have at different times been appointed by Massachusetts,'and those commissioners have met with commissioners appointed on her part. This is a proper course of proceeding between, states, ' A sovereign state must be heard, whatever may be the subject of her complaint. Subjects in controversy between states are not to be settled without delays and grave consideration. Respect isalways to be given to applications by states to other political communities. But with all this courtesy and just regard to the dignity, and just right of the state of Rhode Island to be respected, the state of Massachusetts has never receded from the line established by the Woodward and Saffr'ey station. Those acts of conciliation and

2510

SUPREME COURT.

(The State of Rhode Island vs The State of Massachusetts.]

international civility, do not affect the agreements of 1710 and 1721; it being admitted that the possession of Massachusetts is in exact harmony with them.
Thus, in international law, the case is against Rhode Island. But we are willing to consider the case, as one to be decided by the rules of Equity pleadings. The complainant's bill would have been bad on a demurrer, in a
Court of Equity; because it sets out a bar to the defendant's case, and
does not set out sufficient to destroy it. Possession, in a Court of Equity, is as certain a title to land, as in a Court of Law. It is
now held that a party may defend himself in equity by possession, as well as at law. Elmondorf vs. Taylor, 10 Wheat. 152. 6 Cond.

Rep. 47.
It is to be considered by the Court that every thing stated in the plea is true. · This is the necessary consequence of the position in

which the complainant is placed, by the effort he now makes to

show the Court the plea is insufficient.

It is admitted, the agreements between Rh'od Island and Massa-

chusetts of 1710 and 1721, were fair, and were made with" full

knowledge of the subject of the agreements, or with a full oppor-

tunity to obtain such knowledge. Possession accompanied those

agreements, and was entirely consistent with them ; and they have

ne. vTehrisbebernin-rgesscbinadckedthoer

abandoned. argument

to the question of mistake. It is

said that the plea shuts out Rhode Island from her proof. But

Rhode Island can prove nothing more than she has stated in her

bill. Take all that is stated in the bill to be true; and Massachusetts

alleges it is not sufficient to set aside the agreements.

This Court cannot know more than the commissioners on behalf

of Rhode Island, and on behalf of Massachusetts, knew in 1710. The

ground of the assertion of mistake is not sufficient to open the con-

troversy. Can 'controversies be never settled when parties say there has
been a mistake? 2 Powell on Contracts, 90. The unreasonable-

nes5 of a contract is not a ground to set it aside. Another well established principle is, that when a thing is doubt-
ful and uncertain', a settlement between the parties, is conclusive. Powell on Contracts, 125. 1 Ves. Sen. 40S. 1 Story's Equity, 163. 1 Mad. Chan. Pract. 62, 63.
It is said the defendant has not answered the bill: but this is the very question before the Court. The plea and answer of the defend-

ant are now under examination; and it will be for the Court to decide upon their sufficiency, and whether they will sustain the defendant's claim to be dismissed from any further action in the case. If the party had deemed the plea insufficient, he might have excepted to it, and have brought in other matter. This he has not done; but be asks the Court to decide on the insufficiency of the plea and answer. This is altogether irregular. i Story's Equity, 528, sect. 684. Mitford's Pleading, 200. Beames' Equity, 248. 1 Vernon's Rep. 185.

JANUARY TERM, '1840.

251

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of -Massachusetts.]
Cooper's'Equity, 284. 5 Mad. Rep. 328, 330. Adams vs. Thrope,
4 Johns. Ch. Rep. What is it that the defendant should have denied ? The rule of
a Court of Equity is, that the plea or answer should deny the final result of all the allegations; hot each particular matter which may in itself be true. The permission which is given to the defendant to deny the whole charge of the bill, is essential to the existence and validity of a plea in bar. Beames' Equity, 37. 5 Brown's Part. Cases, 552. Gilbert's Equity, 184. Cooper's Equity, 328.
There must be something not denied by the plea, upon which the Court can give a decree for the plaintiff. If there is not enough left undenied, sufficient to make a case for relief or recovery, none can be granted. The plaintiff might allege twenty facts, either quite immaterial, or even, perhaps, material in some degree, or as matter of evidence, which the defendant could not deny. For instance, the complainant avers that Dudley and Jenckes did not go on the ground to examine it. The defendants are not obliged to deny that; for the agreement may be good, if fair, though the fact were as is averred. So the bill avers the discontent of Rhode Island; an ex parte line having been determined upon. That may be so; but that does not set aside the agreement. Massachusetts, it is asserted, appointed commissioners to meet commissioners appointed by Rhode Island.
That may be so; but the agreement was in full operation. Every thing alleged to have happened after 1719 is called for, for
the purpose of proving some waver, recession, or abandonment of the agreement. If that were not the design, it had no object.
Now the plea meets and, denies the general fact, which all these things are said to prove. Denying the general fact, we need not deny each of the circumstances relied upon as -proof.
There is a difference in this respect between the case now betore
the Court, and a case where fraud is charged. Any fraud, little or great, zitiates: every mistake does not. Any one circumstance
amounting to fraud, proves fraud. Suppose the complainant had charged, in direct terms, an, aban-
donment of the agreement of 1710: it would have been enough for the defendant to have denied the abandonment in general terms.

Mr. Chief Justice TANEY delivered the opinion of the Court. When this case was last before the Court, Massachusetts had not made her election, whether she would continue her appearance to the suit, or withdraw it according to the leave previously granted. She has since that time made her election, by~putting in ier plea to the amended bill of the complainant; and both parties are now regu-
larly before the Court.
' In the present stage of the case, the question is upon the sufficiency of the plea, as a bar to the relief sought by the complainant's bill. The object of the bill is to establish the boundary bet'ween the two states, according to their respective charters; and to be restored
to the right of jurisdiction and sovereignty over that portion of her

SUPREME COURT.
[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
territory of which she alleges that Massachusetts has unjustly deprived htr.
The bill states the various charters from the crown to the colonies
of Massachusetts and Rhode Island, from 1621, to 1691 ; and avers that, by virtue of the charter of Rhode Island, the'boundary between her and Massachusetts was a line run east and west, three miles south of Charles river, or any or every part thereof; that the place of the said line being unsettled and in dispute between the tWAo colonies, commissioners were mutualy appointed to ascertain and settle it ; that these commissioners met in 1710 ; and that the commissioners of Massachusetts then represented that a certain Nathaniel Woodward and Solomon Saffrey had, a long time before, ascertained the point three miles south of Charles river, and had set up a stake there ; and that the commissioners of Rhode Island, relying on these representations, and believing them to be true, entered into the agreement of 1710, which is recited at large in the bill; and which adopts the place marked by Woodward and Saffrey, as the commencement of the line between Massachusetts and Rhode Island.
The bill further states, that no mark, stake,, or monLment at that time existed; and that the persons who consented to the pretended agreement, did not go to the place where it was alleged to have been set up, nor make any survey, nor take any measuresto ascerthin whether the place was, in fact, three miles, and no more, south
of Charles river. That the said agreement was never asented to or ratified by the
colony or the state of Rhode Island ; and that the trait of one mile in breadth, referred to in the agreement, was never conveyed to or enjoyed by the town of Providence, or the colony of Rhode Island; and that no persons appointed by the governor and council of the
said two governments of Massachusetts and Rhode Island, within the space of six months from the date of the agreement, or at any other tim;e, showed the line of Woodward and Saffrey, or raised oi
renewed any marks, stakes, or other memorials, according to the terms of the said pretended agreement.
The bill then proceeds to state the continuance of the controversy about the boundary, and the appointment of commissioners by both colonies, in 1717 and 1718; that they met in 1718, and that the like representations, as those charged to have taken place at the former meeting of the commissioners, were again made by the commissioners of Massachusetts; that they were again believed by the commissioners of Rhode Island; and the agreement of the 22d of October, 1718, executed by them under that mistake. This agreement is set out at length. The coknplainants aver that the commissioners did not go to the place where the stake was alleged to iave been set up, or make any survey in relation to this agreement. These axerments are, in substance, the same with those made in relation to the agretWent of 1710, The bill then sets out an order of the General Assembly of Rhode Island, directing the return of the commissioners

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

253

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
to be accepted and placed to record on the colony book; but the
complainants aver that the last mentioned agreement was never ra-
tified by either Rhode Island or Massachusetts. The bill then sets out the running of the line, under the belief on
the part of the Rhode Island commissioners, that it was only three miles south of Charles river, when it was in fact more than seven; sets out, at large, their report of the running, which is dated May 14, 1719, and that the return was approved by the General Assembly
of Rhode land; 13ut the bill avers that the persons who signed that report, were never authorized by Rhode Island to run, agree upon, or report said line, and had.no legal authority to act in the premises; and that Massachusetts, about the time last mentioned, wrongfully
pcssessed herself of the disputed territory, and hasheld it ever since. The bill further states, that the line run as aforesaid was never
established by any act binding upon the complainant; on the contrary, she has always claimed that the true dividing line was three miles south of Charles river : that she has never acquiesced in the claim of Massachusetts to a different line; and that the claim of
Rhode Island was publicly and frequently urged by the colony, and
by the freemen and inhabitants thereof; that all the proceedings of Rhode Island before mentioned, were founded on the mistaken be-
lief that the stake set up by Woodward and Saffrey, and the line run as aforesaid, was only three miles south of Charles river; that
this mistaken belief continued until about 1749; that controversies existing during that period between the citizens of the two colonies
in relation to the boundary, Rhode Island, in the year last mentioned, appointed certain persons to run the line, when it became manifest that the line run as above mentioned in 1-719, was more than
three miles south of Charles river.
The bill then states the negotiations and other proceedings of the two colonies in relation to this boundary; that commissioners were appointed on both sides to run the'line; that it was actually run, as now claimed by the complainant, by the commissioners of Rhode Island, in the absence of the commissioners of Massachusetts,; who refused to attend. All of thesb things are particularly set out in the bill; and also that Rhode Island attempted to obtain the decision of the king in council ; and the failure is accounted for by the poverty of the colony at that time, and the war which shortly afterwards broke out between France .and England; that the war of the Revo-
lution, which soon followed, interrupted and defeated the attempt to obtain the decision of the king in council ; that in 1782, the legislature of Rhode Island again took up the subject, and appointed a committee, who reported in favour of the claim now made by the complainant; that in 1791, the two states mutually appointed comsioners to adjust this boundary, who met together in that year; and
at that meeting, the commissioners on the part of Massachusetts acknowledged, and also set forth in their report subsequently made to the legislature, that the pretended agreement of 1719, herein
before mentioned, had never been ratified either by Massachusetts VOL. XIV.-Y

254

SUPREME COURT

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
or Rhode Island, which report was accepted by the legislature; that the commissioners- of the two states, being unable to agree upon the boundary, entered into a written agreement, which is set out in the bill, recommending to thd two states to submit the matter to indifferent men of the neighbouring states; or to unite in an application to Congress to settle the same agreeably to the respective charters, and the Constitution of the United States; that the said commissioners, in 1792,reported their proceedings to their respective states, and the agreement made by. them as aforesaid -'which said reports were, received and accepted by the legislatures of Massachusetts and Rhode
Island, the one made to Massachusetts being set out at large, as an exhibit to complainant's bill; that other-commissioners were afterwards appointed on both sides, and were continued until the year 1818; that they had several meetings, but were unable to agree
upon and settle the line. The bill then charges that Massachusetts has wrongfully con-
tinued to hold possession, and exercise jurisdiction within the charter boundary of Rhode Island; that the agreements of 1710, and 1718, were unfair and inequitable, and executed by mistake, as before mentioned; that the line as run, is not in a west course from the place of beginning, but is south of a west course, thus taking in a part of Rhode Island, even according to the point alleged to have been ascertained and marked by Woodward and Saffrey; that the agreements of 1710, and 1718, herein before mentioned, were never ratified by Massachusetts or Rhode Island; and if they had been so ratified by the colonies, they would not have been binding without the consent of the king in council, which was never given
to either of them.
And the bill concludes with an averment that Rhode Island has imiformly resisted the claim of Massachusetts; has never claimed
or admitted any other boundary than the one according to the charter; and prays for an answer to all the matters charged, and to sundry special interrogatories put in the bill : and that the northern boundary of the state may be ascertained and established, and Rhode Island restored to the exercise and enjoyment of her rights of jurisdiction and sovereignty over the territory to which she is
entitled by her charter limits. To this bill Massachusetts has put in her plea and answer; in
which she sets forth, that in the year 1642, for the purpose of ascertaining and establishing her true southern boundary, a station, or
monument was erected at a point then believed to be on the true aied real boundary line of the said colony, and a lizie continued
therefrom westwardly to Connecticut river; that the said station or monument then became, and ever since has been well known ard notorious,.and then-was and ever since has been called Woodward
and Saffrey's station; that Massachusetts afterwards held and pos-
sessed jurisdiction up to this line, and while she so held and pos-
sessed it, about the year 1709, a dispute arose between the two
governments of Massachusetts and Rhode Island, respecting this

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

255

(The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
boundary line, and commissioners were appointed by both colonies to settle it; and that whatever they should agree upon, should forever after be taken to be the stated lines and bounds; that the conmissioners met, pursuant to their authority, and entered into the agreement of 1710, which is set out at large.
The plea then avers, that the whole merits of the complainant's claim, was heard, tried, and determined by this judgment and agreement of the commissioners; that the agreement was fair, legal, and binding between the parties; and was in all respects a valid and effectual settlement of the matter in controversy; and was had and made without fraud, cbvin, or misrepresentation, and with a full and equal knowledge of all the circumstances by both parties; and that the same is still in full force, no way waived, abandoned, or relinquished; that Woodward and Saffrey's station was then well known, and the place where it was fixed a matter of common notoriety; and the line run therefrom capable of being shown and ascertained, and the marks, stakes, and memorials there, are easily capable of being discovered and renewed ; and that the defendant has held and possessed the land, property, and jurisdiction, according to the said station and the line running therefrom, from the date of the said agreement to the present time ; without hinderance or molestation. The plea then sets forth the proceedings of Massachusetts' and Rhode-Island, in 1717, appointing commissioners to settle the boundary ;,the meeting of these commissioners, and their agreement in 1718, which is set out-at large in the plea; and which the defendant avers was accepted by Rhode Island, and caused to be duly recorded, and that the same was thereby ratified and confirmed.
The plea further avers, that no false repiesentations were made
on this occasion by the commissioners of Massachusetts; that the agreement was concluded in good faith, with a full and equal knowledge of all the circumstances, by the respective parties; and that the same has never been rescinded or abandoned; that it was made
in pursuance of the first agreement before mentioned, in 1709, and in
completion thereof; the plea then sets out at large, the report made by the commissioners in 1719, stating, the manner in which the line was run ; and avers that the report was approved by the General
Assembly of Rhode Island,in the 16th of June, 1719; and that
from the date of said agreement to the present time, Massachusetts has possessed all the territory, and exercised jurisdiction over'the same, north of the said line, as prescribed in the said agreements of October, 1718, without hinderance or molestation.
The plea then says: "4And the said defendant doth plead the
said agreement of January 19th, 1710; and the said agreement in pursuance and confirmation thereof of the 22d of October, 1718, and unmolested possession according to the same from the date of
the said agreements, in bar to the whole bill of complaint of the
said complainant, and against any other or further relief therein; and doth pray the judgment of the Court, whether the said defend-

SUPREME COURT.
[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
ant ought further to answer the said bill, and that said defendant may be dismissed with costs in this behalf sustained."
Then follows an answer in support of the plea, which it is unne-
cessary to repeat. The plea was set down for argument upon the motion of the complainant; and the question now to be decided is, whether this plea is a bar to the complainant's bill.
In the view we have taken of the subject, it has become necessary to set out, in much detail, the contents both of the bill and the plea, in order to show the principles on which the opinion of the Court is founded. The controversy concerns, altogether, the southern boundary of Massachusetts, and. the northern boundary of Rhode Island. The bill sets out the judgmeit given in 1684, in the Cburt of Chancery of England, declaring the original charter of Massachusetts to be vacated, and that the enrolment of the same
should be cancelled; and also sets forth the letters patent afterwards, granted to Massachusetts by William and Mary, in 1691, which was subsequent to the charter,of Rhode Island. How far this fact may or may not be material, it would not be proper for us now to inquire. We advert to it merely to show the character of the controversy. The complainant insists in her' bill, that Massachusetts has encroached upqn her; and instead of coming three miles south of Charles river, fo the southern line, the one to which she claims and holds is more thansQven. The defendant, it will he observed, does net, in her plea, deny that the charter line of Massachusetts is such as the complainant describes; nor does the defendant deny, that the line to which Massachusetts now holds, and to which she insists that she has 4 right to hold, is four miles further south than. that described in th6 cliarter; but she relies upon the vircumstances set forth in her plea and answer, as conclusive proofs of her right, as against the complainant, at this time, whatever may have been the true boundary line between them according to the terms of the
original charters. Th3 case to be determined is one of peculiar 'character, and alto-
gether unknown in the ordinary course of judicial proceedings. It is a question of boundary between two sovereign states, litigated in a Court of justice; and we hsve no precedents to guide us in the forms and modes of proceeding, by which, a controversy of this description can most conveniently, and with justice to the parties, be brought to a final hearing. The subject was however fully considered at January term, 1838, when a motion' was made by the defendant to dismiss this bill. Upon that occasion the Court deterrained to frame their proceedings according to those which had been adopted in the English Courts, in cases most analogous to this, where the boundaries of great political bodies had been brought into question. 'And acting upon this principle, it was then decided, that the rules and practice of the Court of Chancery should govern in conducting this suit to a final, issue. The reasoning upon which ihat decision was founded, is fully stated in the opinion then delivered;

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

257

[The State of Rhode Island v3. The State of Massachusetts.]

and upon re-examining the subject, we are quite satisfied as to the
correctness of this decision. 12 Peters, 735. 739. The proceedings in this case will therefore be. regulated by the
rules and usages of the Court of Chancery. Yet, in a controversy
where two sovereign states are contesting' the boundary between them, it will be the duty of the Court to mould the rules of Chancery practice and pleading, in such a manner as to bring this case to
a final hearing on its real merits. It-is too important in its character, and the interests concerned too great, to be decided upon the
mere technical principles of Chancery pleading. And if it appears that the plea put in by the defendant may in any degree embarrass
the complainant in bringing out the proofs of her claim, on which she relies, the case ought not to be disposed of on .such an issue. Undoubtedly the defendant must have the full benefit of the defence which the plea discloses; but at the same time, the proceedings ought to be so, ordered as to give the complainant a full hearing upon the whole of her case. In ordinary cases between individuals, the Court of Chancery has always exercised an equitable disc: e-
tion in relation to its rules of pleading, whenever it has been found necessary to do so for the purposes of justice. And in a case like the
present, the most liberal principles of practice and pleading ought unquestionably to be adopted, in order to enable both parties to pre-
sent their respective claims in their full strength. According to the rules of pjeading in the Chancery Court, if the
plea is unexceptionable in its form and character, the complainant
must either set it down for argument, or he must reply to it, and put in issue the facts'relied on in the plea. If he elects to proceed in the manner first mentioned, and sets down-the plea for argument, he then admit, 'he truth of all the facts stated in the plea, and merely denies their sufficiency in point of law to prevent his recovery.
If, on the other hand, he replies to~thq plea, and denies the trutb of the facts therein stated, he then adinits that if the particular facts stated in the plea are true, they are then sufficient in law to bar his recovery: and if they are proved to be true, the bill must be dismisid, without reference to the equity arising from any other facts stated, in the bill. 6 Wheat. 472. Undoubtedly, if a plea upon argument isruled to be sufficient in law to bar the recovery of the
complainant, the Court of Chancery would, according to its uniform practice, allow him to amend; and to put in issue, by a proper replication, the truth of the facts stated in the plea. But in either case, the controversy would turn altogether upon the facts stated in the plea, if the plea is permitted to stand. It is the strict and technical
character of these rules of pleading, and the danger of injustice often arising from them, which has given rise to the equitable discretion always exercised by the Court of Chancery in relation to pleas. In maay cases, where they are not overruled, the Court will not peria them to have the full effect of a plea; and will in some cases
save to the defendant the benefit of it at the hearing; and in others

y 2,

33

258

SUPREME COURT.

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The'State of Massachusetts.]
will order it to stand for an answer, as in the judgment of the Court may best subserve the purposes of justice.
In the opinion of this Court, it was evident from the argument we have heard, that if the plea stans, the case must be finally disposed of, upon an issue highly disadvantageous to Rhode Island. For by setting down the plea for argument, that state is compelled to admit the truth of all the facts stated in it, many of which are directly at variance with the allegations contained in the bill. Thus, for example, the complainant avers, that the persons who signed, in her behalf, the agreement of May 14th, 1719, had no legal authority to act in the premises. In the plea and answer of the defendant, it is averred that they had authority. The bill charges, that the Rhode Island commissioners acted under a mistake; that the commissibners of Massachusetts represented to them that the stake set up, by Woodward and Saffrey was only three miles south of Charles river; and that they believed the representation, and acted upon it, when in truth the stake was seven miles south of that river. The plea on the contrary avers, that the agreement was made with a full and equal knowledge of all the circumstances by the respective parties. There are differences also between the bill and the plea, in relation to the nature and -character of the possession held by Massachusetts, of t e dispute'd territory.
If we proceed toldecide the case upon the plea, we must assume, without' any proof on either side, that the facts above mentioned are
correctly stated in the plea, and incorrectly set forth in the bill. This is the rule of the Chancery law. Yet it is evident, that by deciding the case upon such an issue, we should shut out the very gist of the complainant's case; and exclude the facts upon which her whole equity is founded, if she has any. Because, if we assume,
as we must do in this state of the pleading, that the agreements, which are admitted on both sides to have'been made, were made
by persons having competent authority to make them, and who had full knowledge of all the circumstances; and that Massachusetts had
quietly and peacetbly enjoyed the territory, under this agreement, for more than a century; every one, we presume, would admit that the claim of Rhode Island to unsettle this boundary, at this late day, was utterly groundless and untenable. Yet this is the at'itude in
which Rhode Island must stand upon the issue framed by the plea; the allegations in her bill, above mentioned, must be rejected as erroneous, without giving her an opportunity of proving them; and her
claim to this territory must be decided, upon a statement of facts, the truth of which she utterly denies, and which she offers to prove are entirely erroneous, if the Court will consent to hear her testi-
mony. We do not mean to say that the facts stated in the bill, if proved to be true, will entitle the complainant to recover. That point
is not before us in the present state of the pleadings; and we give no opinion on the merits of this controversy. But certainly it would be unjust to the complainant not to give her an opportunity of being

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

259

[The State of Rhode Island v. The State of Massachusett&]
heard, according to the real state of the case between the parties; and to shut out from consideration the very facts upon which she relies to mnintain her suit.:
If the complainant takes issue on the facts stated in the plea, her
condition would be equally unfavourable. For there are many facts upon which the complainant eVidently relies as material, which are altogether unnoticed in the plea, and upon which, therefore, no issue would be framed. And if the eomplainant were to adopt this alternative, she'would admit, according to the 'Chancery rules of pleading, that all of the allegations contained in her'.bill were immaterial and of no importance, except those noticed in the plea: and that if the facts averred in the plea turned out to be true, the complainant had
no right to recover, whatever equities might be found in the other allegations in the bill; and whatever proofs she might be ready to-
adduce in support of these allegations. In either alternative, therefore, it would be manifestly unjust to
thecomplainant, to decide this controversy upon the plea; and if it was deemed good in form and substance, so far as the case is already presented to the Court; we still should not finally decide the controversy on this plea, but save the benefit of it to the hearing, and give the complainant as well as the defendant, the opportunity of bringing forward all the merits of his ease. But the plea put in by the defendant cannot be sustained, even if this were to be treated as a suit between individuals, and tried by the ordinary rules of Chancery pleading. It is multifarious, and on that account ought
to be overruled. It is a general rule, that a plea ought not to contain -more de-
fences than one. Various facts, therefore, can never be pleaded in .one plea; unless they are all conducive to a single point, on -vhich
the defendant means to rest his defence. This principle is so well established, that it is unnecessary to refer to many adjudged cases to support it. It is fully stated by Lord Hardwicke, in 1 Atk. 54, in the following words: "The defence proper for a plea, must be such as reduces the cause to a particular point, and from thence
creates a barito the suit,,and is to save the parties expense in examination ;,and it is not every good defence in 'equity that is like.wise good as a plea; for where the defefnce consists of a variety of circumstances, there is no use of a plea, the examination must still be at large, and the effect of allowing such a plea, will be, that the Court will give their jhdgment on the circumstances of the case, before they are made out by proof."
The defendant, after stating the various proceedings herein before mentioned, which preceded and followed the executun of.the agreements on which he relies, all of which conduce to a single point, that is, to show the obligatory and conclusive effect of those agreements upon both of the states, as an accord and compromise of a disputed right, deliberately made, and with full knowledge on both
sides; proceeds to aver, "that the defendant has occupied and exer-
cised jurisdiction, and enjoyed all rights and sovereignty, according

260

SUREME COURT.

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
to the same, from the date hereof to the present time." And he then sums up his defence in the following words:
"And the said defendant doth plead the said agreement of the 19th January, 1710, and the said agreement in pursuance 'and confirmation thereof of the 22d October, 1718, and unmolested possession, according to the same, from the date of the said agreements,
in bar to the whole bill of complaint of the said complainant; and against any further or other reliefs therein."
The defence set up by this plea is twofold: 1. That there was an accord and compromise of a disputed right. 2. Prescription, or an unmolested possession from the time of the agreement, that is, of more than one hundred years. These two defences are entirely distinct, and depend upon different principles. If what the defendant alleges be true, then the agreements themselves conclude the
controversy. For if, as the plea avers, there was a dispute between these two colonies, in respect to the boundary between them, and that dispute was settled by persons dily authorized to bind the
respective parties ; and if, as stated in the plea, the agreement of
October 1718, to run the line from the stake set up by Woodward and Saffrey, was accepted, ratified, and confirmed by Rhode Island; and if the running of the line afterwards in 1719, pursuant to such
agreement, was also approved by Rhode Island; then there can no longer be any controversy between them. They must, on both sides, be bound by the accord and compromise of those whom they had authorized to bind them, and whose conduct they afterwards approved;
provided the settlement was made, as the plea alleges, with a full and equal knowledge of all the circumstances. The various facts stated by the defendant, in relation to these agreements, contribute to support them, and conduce to establish this point of his defence. And, assuming that the plea and answer are true in all these statements, then an accord and compromise is established, which was obligatory upon the parties from the moment it was finally ratified. And taking every thing averred by the defendant on this point of the defence to be correct, Rhode Island would have been as effectually barred as she is at the present mament, if she had commenced this controversy within a month after the accord was'-made. The lapse of time is not at all necessary to give validity to such a settle-
ment; or to support the defence founded upon it. It is a matter entirely distinct frori it; and if it has any operation in the cause, it is another defence, and one of a differeht character. It is not an accord and compromise of a doubtful right-it is prescription.
Rhode Island, indeed, avers, that the possession was constantly disputed on her part, and efforts made from time to time to regain it; and that it has always been an open question, since the error in the line was first discovered, down to the present time. But, as we have already remarked, when the plea is set down for argument, the statements contained in it are admitted to be true. And according to the allegations there made, this long possession was unmolested. In that state of the fact, separated from all the averments

JANUAZY TERM, 1840.

261

[The State of Xthode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
of Rhode Island, the possession of more than one hundred years would become a rightful one by prescription; even if it had begun in wrong and injustice. The acquiescence of the adjoining state for such a "lapse of time, would be conclusive evidence that she assented to the possession thus held, 'and had determined to relinquish her claims. The possession, therefore, if a defence at all, is a separate and complete one of itself; and forms no part of the accord and agreement alleged in the plea. Here, then, are two defences in the same plea; contrary to the established rules of pleading.
A few cases will illustrate these principles, and show what con-
stitutes duplicity in pleading. In the case of Whitebread vs. Brockhur,, I Br. Ch. Rep. 404, where to a bill for a specific performance of an agreement, the defendant put in a plea which averred two facts: first, that there was no agreement in writing; and, secondly, that there had been no acts done in part performance: Lord Thurlow overruled the plea as double, it containing two different points,
ana therefore, proper for an answer. And in delivering his opinion on that occasion, he says, "the use of a plea here is to save time, expense, and vexation; therefore, if one point will put an end to the whole cause, it, is important to the administration of justice that it should be pleaded; but if you are to state many mattets, the answer is the most commodious form to do it in." We are aware that this decision has been questioned. But it is quoted with approbation, and recognised as ".authority in 7 Johns. Ch. Cases, 216 ; where Chancellor Kent, speaking of the case of Whitebread vs.
Brockhurst, says, "the reasoning of Lord Thurlow is supposod to be weighty.and decisive; and since that time it has been the constant language of the Court, that the plea must reduce the defence
to a single point, and that a defendant can never plead double."
Again, in the case of Claridge vs. Hoare, 14 Ves. 65,66, Lord Eldon, in speaking of the case of Beachcroft vs. Beacheroft, where it had been held that the plea of a release, with an averment that it had
been acted upon, was multifarious, expressed his doubts of that decision, upon the ground that the release was effectual without being acted upon, and the latter averment might have been rejected as surplusage. The reasoning of Lord Eldon shows that if the second averment would have been a good point of defence, the plea would have been bad. The acting upon the release, in Beacheroft vs. Beachcroft, was altogether unimportant, and could not, if true, affect the rights of the parties. But not so, as to the possession here pleaded. If true, as pleaded, it is of itself a defence, and could not therefore be rejected as surplusage. The case of The Corporation
of London vs. The Corporation of Liverpool, 8 Anst. Rep. 738, also illustrates and supports the principle we have stated. It is unnecessary, however, to multiply uases on this subject. They are all collected together in Story's Equity Pleading, whert--the subject is very fully examined. We hold it to be perfectly clear,ithat in the, case of an individual, the plea of a release and of the statute of

SUPREME COURT.
[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
limitations; or of an award and the statute of limitations; could not be upited in the same plea. And if so, it would seem irresistibly to follow, that the accord and compromise, and the title by prescription, united in this plea, render it multifarious; and that it ought to be 'overruled on that account.
We have carefully avoided expressing any opinion upon the merits of this controversy; and have confined ourselves to the case as presented to the Court by the' pleadings. The facts stated in the bill, and not noticed in the plea, are not yet admitted or denied; and consequently we do not know in what form the casd may ultimately come here for decision.
In the case of Rowe vs. Tweed, 15 Ves. 377, 378, Lord Eldon remarks, that "the office of a plea generally is not to deny the equity, but to bring forward a fact, which, if true, displaces it." A plea, therefore, in general,,presupposes that the bill contains equitable matter, which the defendant by his plea' seeks to displace. It is according to this principle of equity pleading that we have treated. the case before us. If a defendant supposes that there is no equity in the bill, his appropriate answer to it is a demurrer; which brings forward at once the whole case for argument. The case of Milligan vs. Mitchell, 3 Cranch, 220. 228, illustrates this rule, and shows that the def~nce here taken was more proper for an answer or demurrer than a plea.
The, course 'determined on recommends itself strongly to the Court, because it appears to be the only mode in which full justice can be done to both parties. Each will now be able to come to the final hearing, upon the real merits of their respective claims, unembarrassed by any technical rules. Such, unquestionably, is the attitude in which the parties ought to be placed in relation to each other. If the defendant supposes that the bill does not disclose a case which entitles Rhode Island to the relief she seeks; the whole subject can be brought to a hearing by a demurrer to the bill. If it is supposed that any facts are misconceived by the complainants, and therefore erroneously stated; the defendants can put these in issue by answering the bill. T'ie whole case is open; and upon the rule to answer which the Court will lay upon the defendant, Massachusetts is entirely at liberty to demur or answer, as she may deem best for her own interests..
Mr. Justice M'LEAN. The Massachusetts charter was granted by King Charles the First, and is dated the 4th March, 1628. It conveyed to Sir Henry Rosewell and others, "all that part of New England, in America, which lies and extends between a great river, there commonly called Monomack, alias Merimac, and a certain other river called Charles river, &c.; and also all and singular those lands and hereditaments whatsoever, lying within the space of three English miles on the south part of the said Charles river, or of any or every part thereof," &c.

JANUARY TERM, , 1840.

263

[The State of Rhode Island ts..The State of Massachugetts.]
On the 8th July, 1663, King Charles thg Second granted the charter of Rhode Island, "bounded on the -west,or westerly, to the middle or charel of a river there, commonly called and known by the name of Pawcatuck river, and so alopg the said river, as the greater or middle stream thereof reaches or lies up into the north country t northward unto the head thereof, and from thence by a straight lino drawn due north until it meets with the south line of the Massachusetts; and on the north or northerly, by the aforesaid south or south. erly line of the Massachusetts colony or plantations," &c. . The line which limits Massachusetts on the south, and Rhode
Island on the north, is the subject matter of controversy in this case. The bill states, that for many years after the Rhode Island charter was granted, the northern part of the colony, adjoining Massachusetts, remained wild and uncultivated; and the land was of little value: that a short time previous to the year one thousdnd seven hundred and nine, a dispute arose respecting the northern boundary; and that Massachusetts appointed one Joseph Dudley on her part, and the General Assembly of Rhode Island appointed and empowered oie Joseph Jenckes on her part, to ascertain and settle the disputed line: that these persons met, together with one 'Nathaniel Paine, one Nathaniel Blagrove, and one Samuel Thaxter, of Massachusetts; and one Jonathan Sprague, and one Samuel Wilkinson, of Rhode Island; at Roxbury, in Massachusetts, the 19th January, 1710: and that the said Joseph Dudley, Nathaniel Paine, Nathaniel Blagrove, and Samuel Thaxter, representod to the said Jenckes, Sprague, and Wilkinson, that one Nathaniel Woodward, and one Solormon Saffrey; who, they also represented to be skilful and approved artists; had, before that time, that is to say, in 1642, ascertained the point or place, three English miles south of the river called Charles, river, or of any or every part thereof, and had there set up a stake: and that Jenckes, Sprague, and Wilkinson, relying on their representations, and believing the point or place to have been ascertained, and that it was three English mil6s, and no more, south of
Charles river, or of any or every part thereof; the said Dudley and Jenckes, in the presence of, and with the advice of, the other per-
sons named; signed and sealed a certain writing, called an agreement, that the boundary should be run from the stake set up by Woodward and Saffrey.
And thn complainant states, that no stake or monument at that time existed, by which could be ascertained the place where it was set up by Woodward and Saffrey: that the agreement was entered into without going to the place of beginning, and without ascertaining whether, it was not more than three miles south of Charles river;
and whether the line was run as stated in the agreement. That neither the colony, nor the state of Rhode Island, has ever
assented to or confirmed the agreement; nor has the town of Providence, nor the colony, enjoyed the ti'act of land specified in the agreement, of one mile in breadth, north of Woodward and Saffrey's line: that this line was not shown nor run in six months after the

264

SUPREME COURT.

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
agreement; nor were any marks, stakes, or other memorials made, to identify the place of beginning..
That this controversy respecting the line continued; and that Massachusetts, on the 18th June, 1717, enacted an order, in the words following: "The season of the year having been such, this spring, that the committee appointed in November last, to run the line between this government' and the government of Rhode Island, could not atteid the service, ordered: that the honourable Nathaniel Paine, Esquire, Samuel Thaxter,*Esquire, and John Chandler, Esquire, be a committee to join with such as the said government of Rhode Island shall empower, to proceed in and perfectthe running and settling the line between this province and the said colony, pursuant to the agreement lately made for that end by commission-
ers of both governments," &c. And on the 16th November, 1717, the, General Court of Massachusetts resolved, that Nathaniel Blagrove, Esquire, be added to the committee., And afterwards the General Court resolved, that ,2whereas this house is informed that the, government of Rhode Island have fully empowered the committee, which they have appointed, to run the line between this province and that government; to agree, compromise, and issue the governments on that affair, and finally settle the dividing boundary: Resolved, thiit if the said committee shall attend that service, so empowered, that the committee appointed by this Court to join in run'ing the said line, be also vdsted with like powers; and are hereby fully empowered to agree, compromise, and issue the difference between the governments in the said affair; and to make a full and final settlement of the line between that government and this."
That on the 17th June, 1718, the Assembly of Rhode Island passed ihe following act: "Whereas the committee appointed and empowered by the General Assembly of this colony, at their sessions, on the first Wednesday. of May,. 1717, to perfect and settle the line between the said colony and the province of Massachusetts bay, were bound up or restricted to an agreement made at Roxbury between Colonel .Dudleyland Major Jenckes, &c., so as the matter in difference betw'een the two colonies, as to the stating and settling the said line hath been retarded, to the considerable charge of the colony, this Assembly, taking the premises under consideration, do hereby, enact, constitute, and appoint, Major Joseph Jenclds, Major Randal Holding, Major Thomas Fry, Captain Samuel Wilkinson, .and Mr. John Mumford, surveyor, a committee, to treat and agree with such gentlemen as are or may be appointed and commissioned by Massachusetts to settle the line," &c.
That on the 2d October, 1718, the commissioners on both sides met at Rehoboth, and, after discussing the subject, entered into an agreement under their hands and seals. " that the stake set up by Woodward and Safrey, in 1642, upon Wrentham plain, be the station or commencement of the line," &c.
The complainant alleges that this agreement was also entered into without examination of the place where the stake was originally set

JANUARY TERM,· 1840.

265

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.)

up; and without ascertaining whether the place was not more than

three English miles south of Charles river, or of any o- every part

thereof. That the Rhode Island commissioners believed the state-

ments made to them on this subject, by the commissioners of Mas-

sachqsetts.,

The Rhode Island commissioners made a return of their proceed-

ings to their legislature; who accepted it, and ordered it to be

recorded. On the ith May, 1719, the commissioners on both sides run the

line, beginning at the place where it was supposed the stake had been erected by Woodward and Saffrey; but which stake was not

fodnd, and was more than seven miles from Charles river, or any

or every part thereof. The commissioners made a return of their

survey, which was received and approved of by the legislature of Rhode Island. But the complainant alleges that the persons making the survey were not authorized to act in the premises by Rhode

Island. And the bill states the line was never confirmed by Rhode

Island ; that the colony maintained that the true line was to begin three miles south of Charles river: and the complainant avers that

all the above proceedings and agreements were founded upon the

belief that the point or place three English mile south of Charles river, or of any or every part thereof, had been correctly and truly

ascertained by Woodward and Saffrey.

In the year 1750, the General Assembly of Rhode Island passed

an act authorizing the boundary line to be run, and appointing cer., tain personsto perform this duty. In the preamble to this act, it is stated that the line never has been settled and run according to the

royal charter; and that divers persons have set forth their right to

the Assembly to be under the jurisdiction of Rhode Island, instead

of that of Massachusetts. The commissioners appointe d by this act, were authorized to meet any commissioners. appointed by Mas-

sachusetts, and to settle the boundary, and run the line. But if Massachusetts should decline to act, then the Rhode Island com--

missioners were required to run the line agreeably to the charter,

and make return of their proceed ings.

It is stated in the bill, -that commissioners were appointed by Massachusetts, but they declined to meet the commissioners of Rhode Island: who, after waiting two days near the place of begin-

ning, proceeded, ex parte, to run the line, and make return thereof.

This report .was accepted by the Assembly, and the commissioners

were continued in office. ·The bill then states, that the Massachusetts commissioners, ap-

pointed as above, made a report of their proceedings to the council,

the 13th April, 1750. *The bill further states, that remonstrances were made to Massa-

chusetts, against its exercise of jurisdiction over the country within

the chirtered limits of Rhode Island, so long as the royal government continued ; that unsuccessful attempts were made to bring the subject before the king in council; but the population of Rhode

VOL. XIV.-Z

34

266

SUPREME COURT.

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
Island being small, and her means limited, and war between England and France having soon after taken place, interposed insurmountable obstacles.
In the year 1782, on the petition of a large number of the inhabitants residing within the controverted limits, the Assemb]y of Rhode Island made a report in favour of its claim.,
In the year 1791, the bill states, the legislature of Massachusetts passed an act, duly appointing Walter Spooner, Elisha Mayard, and David Cobb, commissioners, for ascertaining the boundary line between the said state of Massachusetts and the state of Rhode Island; and that in the same year, the Rhode Island Assembly passed an act, appointing William Bradford, Jabez Bowen, and Moses Brown, commissioners, for ascertaining the boundary. These commissioners met at Wrentham, in Massachusetts, in 1791, but they could not agree on the line. They, however, agreed, in writing, to measure from Charles river three miles south, as claimed by each state,as the place of beginning; and io recommend to their respective governments to have the dispute adjusted, by a reference of it to disinterested persons, or by application to Congress.
These commissioners reported their proceedings to their respective state:. And the bill further states, that inthe year 1809 the parties again appointed commissioners, who continued in office until isiS; but they were not able to settle the line.
*The state of Massachusetts pleads in bar to the bill, that in 1642, for the purpose of ascertaining and establishing the true southern boundary line of the colony of Massachusetts, a station or monument was erected and fixed at a point then taken and believed to be on the true and real boundary line of said colony; and a line continued therefrom westerly to Connecticut river; which said monument or station then became and ever since has been well known and notorious; and then was and ever since has been called Woodward and Saffrey's Station, on Wrentham plains; and after fixing of said station and runningthe line aforesaid, and after the granting of the charier of Rhode Island, and while all the territory north of said station and line was claimed, held, and possessed, a-od jurisdiction over the same exercised and enjoyed by Massachusetts, as parcel of her own territory, viz., in the year 1709, dispute4 having arisen between the twolgovernments respecting the said boundary line, under an act of the Assembly, the governor of Rhode Island colony appointed Major Joseph Jenckes to meet with his excellency, Colonel Joseph Dudley, governor of Massachusetts, to settle the boundary; and it was declared that what they should agree upon shculd be forever after deemed the true boundary.
These persons met at Roxbury, in January 1710, 1111, and after a full discussion of the subject, agreed that "the stake set up by Nathaniel Woodward and Solomon Saffrey, skilful and approved artists, in the year 1642, and since that often renewed, in the latitude of ,forty-one degrees and fifty-five minutes, being three English miles distant southward, from the southernmost part of the river called

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

267

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]

Charles river, agreeably to the letters patent for the Massachusetts province, be allowed on both sides the commencement of the line between the Massachusetts and the colony Df Rhode Island, and to be continued between the two governments, &c., as is deciphered in the plan and tract of that line by Nathaniel Woodward and Solomon Saffrey, now shown forth to us, and is remaining on record in the Massachusetts government."
"And whereas, upon presumption, by mistake or ignorance of that line, the inhabitants of the town of Providence, in the colony of Rhode Island, have surveyed' and laid out several lots and divisions of land to the northward of Woodward and Saffrey's line
aforesaid, on the Massachusetts side; it i* agreed that there shall be and remain unto the said town of Providence, and inhabitants of the government of Rhode Island, a certain tract of land of one mile in breadth to the northward of said line, as described and platted; beginning from the great river of Pautucket, and so to proceed at the north side of the said patent line of equal breadth,
until it come to the place where Providence west line cuts the said patent line, supposed to contain five thousand acres, be the same more or less; the soil whereof shall be and remain to the town of' Providence, or others, according to the disposition thereof 'to be made by the government of Rhode Island aforesaid. Nevertheless, to continue and remain within the jurisdiction of Massachusetts."
"And it was agreed that persons to be appointed respectively by the two governments, should attend the first good seson, within six months, to show the ancient line of Woodward and Saffrey, and
to raise and renew the marks and memorials of the same." ' This agreement was signed and sealed by Dudley and Jenckes,
in the presence and by the advice of Nathaniel Paine, Nathaniel Blagrove, and Samnuel Thaxter, on the part of Massachusetts; and by Jonathan Sprague, and Samuel Wilkinson, on the part of Rhode
Island. "And the said defendant avers, that the whole real and true
merits of said complainant's supposed cause or causes of action, were fully heard,. tried, and determined by the said Jenckes and Dudley; that the said agreement was fair, legal, and binding between the parties; and was in all respects and all particulars, a valid -and effectual settlement of the matter in controversy, and was had and made without covin, fraud, or misrepresentation; and with a full and equal knowledge of all circumstances, by both parties."
And the plea further avers, that the 18th June, 1718, in order to perfect and complete the running and settling of the line in pursu-
ance of the above agreement, Nathaniel Paine, Samuel Thaxter, and John Chandler, were appointed a committee by Massachusetts, to which was afterwards added the name of Nathaniel Blagrove, to unite with a committee that should be appointed by Rhode Island for that purpose. And they were fully empowered to agree and compromise the dispute. And Rhode Island adopted in its As-

2,68

JANUARY TERM, 184o.

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
sembly the following act: "Whereas, the committee appointed and empowered by the General Assembly of this colony, in May 1718, to perfect" and settle the line between the said colony and that of Massachusetts, were bound up or restricted to an agreement made at Roxbury between-Colonel Dudley and Major Jenckes, &c., so as the matter in difference between the two colonies, as to the stating and settling the said line, hath been retarded, &c. And the Assembly hereby enact, constitute, and appoint Major Joseph Jenckes, Major Randal Holding, Major Thomas Fry, Captain Samuel Wilkinson, and Mr. John Mumford, surveyor, a committee to treat and agree with the committee of Massachusetts; and full power was given to settle and compromise the controversy respecting the line. The said committees having met at Rehoboth, in Massachusetts, entered into an agreement under sea], that the stake set up by Woodward and Saffrey in 1642, upon Wrentham plains, be the station from which to begin the line which shall divide the two governments," &c.
This agreement, on the 29th October, 1718, was accepted by the General Assembly of Rhode Island, and recorded; and was thereby certified and confirmed by the same. And the plea avers that said Paine, Blagrove, and Thaxter, or either of them, made no false representation whatsoever to the commissioners of Rhode Thla d; but that the agreement was done and concluded fairly and in good faith, with a full and equal knowledge of all the circumstances, by the res Jective parties.
The plea states that the Massachusetts commissioners made a report of their, proceedings, in regard to tlhe place of beginning and the running of the line, which was approved by the legislature. And that from the date of said agreements to the present time, Massachusetts has-possessed and enjoyed all the territory, and exercised jurisdiction over the same, north of the said line; and that the place where the stake was set up by Woodward and Saffrey is well known, and has ever been notorious since the stake was set up. And the aforesaid agreements, and the unmolested possession according to the same, are pleaded in bar.
And the defendant, not waiving said plea, pleaded as aforesaid, but relying and insisting on the same, by way of answer, in support of said plea, and 'to every thing alleged in said bill to show that the said agreements ought *not to stand, and be allowed as good and conclusive against the parties, and a valid and effectual bar, .&c., saith that the said agreements, &c., were fair and legal, obtained without fraud or misrepresentation, and with a full and equal knowledge of all circumsLances in both parties; and that it was a valid
and effectual settlement of the matter in controversy: and that it never has beer. in any way rescinded, abandonedt, or relin-
quished. This case having assumed the forms of a Chancery proceeding,
the established rules of Chancery pleading must.govern it. In this mode the points for decision are raised; but the Court, in deciding the. questions involved, may apply principles of the common law,

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

269

(The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
of Chancery, or of national law; as they shall deem the circumstances of the case require.
The plea sets up certain agreements in bar of the relief prayed for, which substantially appear upon the face of the bill; and it is insisted that, in such case, a demurrer, and pot a plea in bar, is the proper node of defence ; that the great object of the bill is to set aside these agreements; and that, under such circumstances, they cannot be pleaded in bar.
On general principles, it would seem to be unreasonable that the complainant, by stating the matter in bar in his bill, should prevent the respondent from pleading it. And such is not the established
rule in Chancery pleading. A plea is a special answer to the bill, and generally sets ilp matter
in bar, which does not appear in the bill; but this is not always the
case. An award may be pleaded to a bill, to set aside the award and
open the account. Mit. 260. 2 Atk. 501. 3 Atk. 529. 644.
If the plaintiff, or a person under whom he claims, has released the subject of his demand, the defendants may plead the release .in
bar of the bill; and this will apply to a bill praying that the release may be set aside. Mit. 261. 1 Atk. 294. 6 Madd. 166. 2 Sch.
and Lefr. 721. 3 P. Wins. 315. If a bill 'be brought to impeach a decree, on the ground of fraud
used in obtaining it, the decree may be pleaded in bar of the suit.
3 Bro. P. C. 558. 2 Eq. Ca. Ab. 177. 7 Viner. Ab. 398. 3 P.
Wins. 95. These authorities show, that a plea in bar may embrace matters
stated in the bill. Where the matters in defence are fully stated in the bill, and it contains no allegations which it is necessary to deny by a plea, and by an answer, in support of the plea, a demurrer should be filed.
A question in this case is made, whether the plea is not multifarious, and, consequently, bad ?
The rules which govern a special plea at law, are substantially the same as apply to a plea in Chancery. It must be single, and not double. Its office is, to bring forward a fact, which may be the result of a combination of circumstances; and which, if true, bars the relief prayed for in the bill. 15 Ves. 377. A plea, in order to
be good, must be either an allegation or a denial of some leading fact, or of matters which, taken collectively, make out some general fact, which is a complete defence. Story's Eq. Pl. 497. 4 Sim. Rep. 161. 7 Johns. Ch. 214. Beames' Pl. in Eq. 10. But, although a defence offered by way of plea should consist of a great variety of circqmstances,yet, if they all tend to a single point, the plea may be good. Thus, a plea of title derived from the person under whom the plaintff claims, may be a good plea, though consisting of a great variety of circumstances; for the title is a single point, to which the cause is reduced by the plea. So a plea of conveyance, fine, and non claim, would be good, as amounting to one title. Cooper's Eq. Pl. 225.
z2

270

SUPREME COURT.

(The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]

Beames' Pl. in Eq.: 18. Mit. Eq. Pl. 296, The result of all the authorities is,,that Various facts may be pleaded if they conduce to a single point, onwhich the defendant means to rest his defence.' And by this rule the plea in this case must be tested.
The defendant pleads in bar to the right asserted in the bill, the establishment of the Woodward and Saffrey station, as the place where the contested boundary line is to commence, and from which it was in fact run. And to support this, the agreements of 1710 and 1718 -are relied on, and also the unmolested possession according to
the same. These agreements, and the unmolested possession accordin to
them, are facts and circumstances which conduce to prove the right
or title asserted in the plea. They are consistent with each other; and can in no correct sense be considered as tending to establish' distinctive grounds of title.
The two agreements are substantially the same; and the unmolested possession, according to the agreements, is a consequence which naturally follows, and tends very strongly to confirm them.
The important fact asserted in the plea is, that the"cobtroversy
was amicably adjusted between the parties by the establishment of the line; and there s not a fact or circumstance averred in the plea, which does not go to support this main fact. This plea then cannot be tnultifarious. The point relied on is single and distinct, although it isestablished by a variety of facts and circumstances.
Mere surplusage will not render a plea multifarious, or double. Beames' P1. in Eq. 19, 20. In Story's Eq. P1. n. 3, it is remarked, what constitutes duplicity or multifariousness in a plea, is sometimes a matter of great nicety upon the footing of authority. A plea cannot contain two distinct matters of defenco; for, if more than one defence be admitted, it is well observed, there may. be as many grounds of defence stated in a plea as in an answer; and this would defeat the object of the plea.
Where in a bill praying a conveyance for four estates, the defend-
ant put in a plea of a fine as to one estate, and in the same plea, he put in a disclaimer as to the other estates, the plea was overruled; for the disclaimer was wholly disconnected with the plea of the fine, and the plea was therefore double. Facts inconsistent with each other cannot be pleaded, for this would set up two defences. But where tho facts, however numerous, all conduce to establish one point, as in the plea under consideration, it is not multifarious. Story's Eq. P1. 499.
This plea goes to the whole bill, and the matter in bar is clearly and distinctly averred. These averments must be sufficient to support the plea, and exclude intendments against the pleader. 2 Ves. 245. 2 Sch. and Lef. 727. 18 Ves. 182.
The defendant has filed an answer in support cf his plea, and this is necessary where there are equitable circumstances stated in the bill, in favour of the plaintiff's case, against the matter pleaded. These allegations in the bill must be denied by way of answer, as

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

271

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
well as by averments in the plea. 6 Ves. 594. 2 Ves. and B. 364. In such case, the answer must be full and cear, or it will not be effectual to support the plea ; for the Court will intend the matters so charged against the p[eader,:unless they are fully and clearly denied. But if they are, in substance, fully and clearly denied, it may be suficient to support the' plea; although all the circumstances charged in the bill may not be prec;sely answered. Mit. 298, 299. 2 Atk. 241. 1 Sim, and Stu. 568. 5 Bro. Pl. Ch. 561.
The answer goes to the whole bill, and it denies all fraud, misrepresentation, or unfairness; and every allegation in the bill which goes to 'show that the agreements set forth in the plea should not be binding and conclusive on the parties.
A question is made, whether this answer, which goes to the whole bill, and denies the same facts as are denied in the plea, does not overrule the plea.
This objection seems to derive some support from certain decisions made in the Exchequer, and which have been, somewhat loosely, copied into some of the elementary treatises on Chancery pleading. But these decisions have never been sanctioned by the High Court of Chancery in England; whose rules of practice havebeen adopted by this Court.
The rule is, that the answer must not be broader than the plea; but must, in support of the plea, deny fraud and all equitable circumstances alleged in the bill, which are also by a general averment denied by the plea.
.The answer, when filed in support of the plea, forms no part of the defence. It is evidence which the plaintiff has a right to require, and to use to invalidate the defence made by the plea. 6 Ves. 597. In a note in Mit.'240, it is said, "that in the cases in the Court of
Exchequer, it seems to have been supposed that the answer in support of the plea overruled the plea. But an answer can only overrule a plea where it applies to matter which the defendant, by his plea, declines to answer; demanding the judgment of the Court whether. by reason of the matter stated in the plea, he ought to be compelled to answer so much of' the bill."
.If the plea goes only to a part of the bill, and prays the judgment of the Court whether he shall be compelled to answer the other part; and the answer goes to the whole bill, the answer being broader than the plea, overrules it. For the answer is to the part of the bill which it is the object of the plea not to answer.
As this plea extends to the 'whole bill, it is essential to its validity that such facts should be averred in it as shall make a complete defence. But it is not necessary in the plea to notice every allegation in the bill which does not involve the facts that constitute the bar.
Where the plea does not cover the whole bill, as where it only sets upon a matter in bar to a part of the relief sought in the bill, the other part of the bill must be answered. In the case under con-

272

SUPREME COURT

[The. State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.J
sideration, the answer in support of the plea is not broader than the
plea, and consequenily does not overrule it. I come now to examine the great question in the case; and that
is, whether the matter in bar, set out in the plea, constitutes a good defence to the bill..
In entering upon this subject, it may not be improper to notice the hardship complained of by the plaintiff's counsel, in setting up
the defence by a special plea. It is said that the ground assumed is narrow and technical, and
excludes the full merits of the controversy from being examined. That no opportunity is afforded .the plaintiff to prove the mistake by the commissioners, in agreeing to Woodward and Saffrey's 'station as the place where the boundary line was to begin; and which is the main ground on which the bill prays for relief. ' It is true, a plea somewhat narrows the ground of controversy. Whilst it must contain all the facts material to a complete defence, it need not be extended to all the allegations of the bill. And the plaintiff may either take issue on the plea, or admit the truth of it, by setting it down for hearing; as has been done in this case.
The office of a plea is to reduce the cause to a single point, and thus prevent the Etxpense and trouble of an examination at large. But the matters stated in the bill, which are not denied.by the plea,
are admitted to be true. The case of the plaintiff then, as now to be considered, is 'as full and as strong as it is presented in the bill, where not denied by the plea. The averments of the plea are ad-m mitted to be true; and the question is, whether those averments, counteracted by any allegations in the bill, not denied by the plea, constitute a bar to the right asserted by the plaintiff.
*The plea states that in the year 1642, Woodward and Saffrey erected a station or monument at a point then taken, and believed
to be on the true and real boundary of Massachusetts, on the south. And that in 1710, this station was agreed to be the true boundary, and the place from which the line should be run, by Dudley and Jenckes, commissioners appointed by. Massachusetts and Rhode Island; and who were authorized to settle and establish the line. And that afterwards, in the year 1718, other commissioners were appointed by .Massachusetts and Rhode Island, to whom ample powers were given to compromise and settle forever the boundary; and who established the same place of beginning, And that the
report made to Rhode Island by its commissioners, setting forth the agreement, was accepted by its legislature, and duly recorded and
ratified. And the plea avers, that the Massachusetts commissioners, were
guilty of no fraud or misrepresentation; and that both agreements were entered into with perfect fairness, and in good faith; and with full and equal knowledge by the parties. That the claims of the plaintiff, as set forth in the bill, were fully heard, discussed, and settled. And that Massachusetts has retained possession and exercised

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

273

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
jurisdiction over the country north of the line thus established, until the present time.
These are the facts, substantially, on which the defendant relies, as a bar to the plaintiff's bill.
The principal ground of relief alleged in the bill is, the mistake in fixing the place from which the line was to run more than seven miles south of Charles river; whereasby the charter of Massachusetts, it was to be but three miles south of that river.
By the charter, the boundary was declared to be "three English miles south of any or every part of Charles river."
Some doubt may arise from this phraseology, whether the three English miles are to be measured from the source of the southern branches of Charles river, or from the main channel of the river. And it would seem, from the establishment of the Woodward and Saflrey station, and other acts done in reference to this boundary shortly after the date of the charter, and when its language was at least as well understood as at present, that the measurement was understood not to be required from the body of the river. At that early day the country was a 'wilderness, and the land was of but little value; so that'Massachusetts -;ould have felt no; very strong interest in establishing the line 'farther south than was authorized-
by the charter. Th6 bill alleges a mistake in this distance from the river, of the
Woodward and Saffrey station by, the commissioners of Rhode Island, in both of the agreements respecting the boundary; and this mistake is not denied by the plea. But, in the language of the plea, these agreements are now to be considered as having been fairly ma. , in good faith, without fraud or misrepresentation by the Massachusetts commissioners; and with ah equal and full knowledge of the facts and circumstances of the case. And the inquiry is, whether a mistake committed under such circumstances affords a s"uIfwficililenftirgstrocuonndsiodnerwthhiechprtoinisceitplaessidoef tthheisagcraeseem; ents.
as they would
apply to a controversy between individuals respecting a common
boundary. The mistake of a fact, unless it operates as a surprise or fraud on
the ignorant party, affords no ground for relief in Chancery. 1 Story's Eq. 160. 2 Ball and Beatt. 179, 180. 4 Bro. Ch. Rep. 158.
6 Ves. 24. The ground of relief in such cases is, not the mistake or ignorance
of material facts alone, but the unconscientious advantage taken of the party by the concealment of them. For if the parties act fairly, and it is not a case where one is bound to communicate the facts to the other, upon the ground of confidence or otherwise; the Court will not interfere. 1 Story's Eq. 160. 9 Ves. 275.
It is essential, in order to set aside such a transaction, not only that an advantage should be taken, but it must arise from some obligation in the party to make the liscoTery; not an obligation in

274

SUPREME COURT.

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusett]
point of morals only, but of legal duty. 2 Bro. Ch. 42'0. 1 Har. Eq.
b. 1, ch. 3, 4, note n. Equity will not relieve where the means of infa'mation are open
to both parties; and where each is presumed to exercise his own judgment. 2 Wheat. 178. 195. Where an agreement for the com. position of a cause is fairly made between parties with their eyes open, and rightly informed, a Court of Equity will not overhaul it; though there has been a great mistake in the exercise of judgment. 1 Ves. 408. 1 Story's Eq. 163.
In like manner, where the fact is equally unknown to both parties; or where each has equal and adequate means of information; or where the fact is doubtful from its own nature ; in every such case, if the parties have actebwith entire good faith, a Court of Equity will not interpose. For in such cases, the equity is deemed equal between the -parties; and when it is so, a Court of Equity will not interfere. 1 Pow. on Con. 200, ' 1 Madd. Ch. Pr. 62-64. 1 Story's Eq. 163.
The principles recognised by these authorities, apply in all their force and conclusiveness to the case under consideration. A greater number of authorities might be cited, but it cannot be necessary. The principles stated are founded on reason and the fitness of things; and they have been sanctioned by a uniform course-of adjudication.
If these rules are t6 be respected, and the mistake alleged in the bill had occurred under precisely the same circumstances between indi-viduals, it would seem to be clear, that there would be no ground for relief.
A controversy exists between individuais respecting a common, boundary. - One party claims that the line should begin at a certain point, and the other at a different one. Arbitrators are appointed, with full po--.-rs to settle and compromise the dispute, who establish the point as claimed by one of the parties. Some dissatisfaction is subsequently manifested by th& unsuccessful party; and seven years after the first reference, a second one is made to other persons, who are vested with ample powers to settle and compromise the controversy; and they do settle it in exact conformity to the first award; and this second award is reported to the principals, who sanction it. In addition to this, the line or place of beginning established by the arbitrators, is the place claimed by the successful party, as his line, more than seventy-five years before the second award; and more than twenty years before the other party had any interest in the boundary. And the conduct of the arbitrators is free from any imputation of fraud or unfairness; all having equal and full knowledge of the matter in dispute, which was fully and fairly discussed and understood, and finally determined.
A case under these circumstances between individuals, to say nothing of the lapse of time and acquiescence, since the award,

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

275

[The Statf of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.3
would rlot seem to be very strongly recommended to the equitable int-,'position of the Court, on the ground that the arbitrators mis-
took a fact: a mistake not induced by the Qpposite party, or by misrepresentation, but into which the arbitrators of the unsuccessful party had innoently fallen, having as full a knowledge of. the whole merits of the case as the arbitrators chosen by the other
party.t Relief, which should set aside the award, and open up the con-
troversy, under such circumstances, would create a new head of
equity. The mistake is admitted, because it is not denied by the plea;
and this may be said to be a technical advantage of the plaintiff.
For if the fact of mistake were to be tested by the circumstances of the case, it would be difficult to come to the conclusion that a mistake had. really occurred. If it were admitted to have taken place, in the first award, it would require no small degree of credulity to believe, that it again occurred in the second award, made seven years after the first one; and after much dissatisfaction haA been manifested against the first award. This dissatisfaction could
only have arisen, from the supposed fact that the boundary had
been established too far south. But as the case is now considered, the mistake alleged is admit-
ted ;, but admitted-under all the averments of the plea. If the Woodward and Saffrey station be as many miles south of
Charles river, as alleged in the bill,; it would seem to be a more reasonable supposition that it was agreed to, under a construction of the charter, or on the principles of compromise; than through mistake. But the mistake being admitted, still, as between individuals, there would be no sufficient ground for the interposition of a Court
of Equity. And if relief could not be given between individuals, can it be
decreed under the same circumstances as between sovereign states. There are equitable considerations, which would seem to apply with greater force to controversies between individuals, than to those which arise between states. Among states, there is a higher agency, greater deliberation, and a more imposing form of procedure, in the Ajustment of differences, than takes place between private individuals. Between the former, from the nature of the prodeeding, mistakes of fact seldonj occur; and when they do happen, it is rather a quest!)n of policy than of right, whether they shall be
corrected.
I am inclined to think with the counsel on both sides, that the great question in this case should not be decided by the rules for the settlement of private rights.
The high litigant parties, and the nature of the controversy, give an elevation and dignity to the cause which can never belong to differences between individuals. It may be a simple matter to determine where a line shall be run ; but when such determination may draw after it a change of sovereign power over a district of

276

SUPREME COURT.

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
country, and many thousand citizens, the principles involved must be considered as of the highest magnitude. The question is national in its character; and it is fit and proper that it should be decided by those broad and liberal principles which constitute the code of national law.
Vattel, in his treatise, 277, says, "When sovereigns cannot agree about their pretensions, and are nevertheless desirous of preserving or restoring peace, they sometimes submit the decision of their disputes. to arbitrators, chosen by common agreement. When once the contending parties have entered. into articles of arbitration, they are bound to abide by the sentence of the arbitrators: they have engaged to do this; and the faith of treaties should be religiously
observed."
And again: "In'order to obviate all difficulty, and cut off every pretext 9f which fraud might make a handle, it is necessary that the arbitration articles should precisely specify the subject in dispute, the respective and opposite pretensions of the parties, the demands of the. one and the objections of the other. These' constitute the whole of what is submitted to the decision of the arbitrators; and it
is upon these points alone that the parties promise to abide by their judgment, If, then, their sentence be confined within these precise bounds, the disputants must acquiesce in it. They cannot say that it is manifestly unjust; since it is pronounced on a question which 'they have themselves rendered doubtful by the discordance of their claims, and which has been referred, as such, to the decision of the arbitrators. Before they can pretend to evade such a sentence, they should prove, by incontestable facts, that it was the offspring of cr-
i-uption or flagrant partiality." And again, in page 178, he says, "Arbitration is a very reason-
able mode, and one that is perfectly conformable to the law of nations, fdr the decision of every dispute which does not directly interest the safety of the nation. Though the claim of justice may be mistaken by the arbitrators, it is still more to be feared that it will be overpowered in an appeal to the sword." The author well observes, that the Helvetic republic, by a wise adherence to this
mode of adjusting controversies among themselves, and with foreign countries, has secured its liberty, and made itself respectable through-
out Europe. These principles have been established by the common consent of
the civilized world.. And where they are invoked in the settlement
of disputes betweer' states, and the proceeding is characterized by fairness and good faith, it ought not to be set aside, and indeed cannot be; without, in the language of Vattel, proving by the clearest evidence that the award was the offspring of corruption or flagrant partiality. And if the determination of the arbitrators has the sanction of time as well as of principle, it is believed that history affords no instance where it has not been considered as absolutely binding on the parties. The peace of nations, and the prosperity of mankind, require that compacts thus formed should be held sacred.

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

277

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
The pretensions of Massachusetts in favour of the line as established by both arbitrations, commenced in',1642; and no other jurisdiction had been, at any time, exercised over the country north of this line. It was claimed before Rhode Island had a political existence. The elements of which it was afterwards composed, were, at the time this right was first asserted, mingled with the parent colony of Massachusetts, and with other communities and nations. And after they'became embodied and organized under the: charter of 1663, it was nearly half a century before there seems to have been any dispute respecting this boundary.
Nearly two centuries have elapsed since the claim of Massachusetts to this line was set up, and more than a hundred and twenty years since the controversy was settled by the commissioners or arbitrators chosen by the parties; and, as averred in the plea, specially sanctioned and confirmed by Rhode Island.
Is time to have no influence in this case, on the agreements of the parties ? It covers with its peaceful-mantle stale disputes between individuals. And so strong- is its influence, that fraud, which vitiates all human transactions, cannot be reached when covered by great lapse of time.
Has a treaty ever been set aside on the ground of mistake'? Has it ever been contended, that after its ratification by the high contracting parties, either could look behind the treaty and object to it, because the negotiators had mistaken a fact? It is believed that such a pretension would be new in the history of diplomacy. The treaty must speak for itself; and under its provisions must the rights of the parties be ascertained.
In the first treaty of limits between this country and Great Britain; it is a.fact not now questioned; that a mistake of many miles was made in establishing our northern boundary. But this has afforded to Great Britain no occasion. of remonstrance or complaint.
Our own government, on a recent occasion, declined an acquiescence in the decision of the King of the Netherlands, in relation to this same boundary. But, in his letterof July 21st, 1832, to the
representative of Great Britain in this country, the Secretary of State says, in relation to the resolution of the Senate against the decision; that it.was adopted under the conviction that the arbiter had not
decided the question submitted to him, or had decided it in a manner not authorized by the submission."
"It is not," he adds, "the intention of the undersigned to enter into ap investigation of the argument which has led to this conclusion. The decision of the Senate precludes it,-and the object of this
communication renders it unnecessary; but it may be proper to add, that no question could have arisen as to the validity of the decision,
had the sovereign arbiter determined on and designated any boundary as that which was intended by the treaty of 1783."
This view, by the Secretary, of the binding effect of the decision if it had been made on the point submitted to the arbiter, is in ac-
VoL. XIV.-2 A

SUPREME COURT.
[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
cordance with the principles of national law, and has a direct and most forcible application to the case under consideration.
No objection is made by Rhode Island that the arbitrators exceeded their powers. No such objection can be made. Their powers were ample; and their proceeding a both in 1710, and in 1718, seem to have been qharacterized by'great dignity and delibe-
ration. The complainant, it is true, was dissatisfied with the first deci-
sion, establishing Woodward and Saffrey's station; and by remonstrances induced the appointment of the second commission in 1717, which in the following year confirmed, in all respects, the first decision. Notwithstanding these remonstrances against the first decision, it would seem from the bill, that until 1749, the complainant believed that Woodward and Saffrey's station was only three English miles south of Charles river; and was consequently the true point from which the line should be run. This being the case, as the 'bill does not stdte the precise ground of dissatisfaction at the first report, it cannot well be imagined.
Rhode Island, it seems, from time to time, by remonstrances, in the form of resolutions and otherwise, and by the appointment of 6ommissioners, signified its dissatisfaction at the boundary, as established in 1710 and 1718. Massachusetts, as it was bound in comity tooncdeo, alpispteoninpt4edto ctohmesme isesxiporneesrssions by Rhode Island; and more than
on the, subject. But whether we look to the averments in the plea, or to the statements in the bill, the defendant never seems to have done any thing which could impair the force of the agreements.
The bill states various facts, such as- the little value of the land bounding on the disputed line for many years, the sparseness of the population, the want of means, and the intervention of war; as reasons why Rhode Island did not bring this controversy before the king in council, under the colonial government.
It appears from the exhibits accompanying the bill, that, in 1740, there being a dispute between Massachusetts and Rhode Island, whether the former could exercise its jurisdiction to the shores of the Narraganset bay,, the King of Great Britain appointed commissioners to settle the controversy, who decided against Massachusetts. This decision was confirmed on an appeal from the commissioners, by the king and council.
So long as the colonial government continued, this mode of redress, so successfully invoked by the complainant in the above instance, remained open. The articles of confederation formed by the new government, made special provision for the settlement of disputed boundaries between states. And when these were revoked by the adoption of the Constitution, the tribunal at last appealed to was opc1p and has ever remained ready to hear and decide the controversy.
Giving full weight to-all the allegations in the bill, which go to

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

279

[The State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
excuse the delays of Rhode Island in asserting its claim, it is still difficult to say .that the claim remains unaffected by the unmolested possession of Massachusetts, according to the agreements. Rhode Island, it is true, is small in territory, and weak in numerical force, but it has always stood high in moral power, and intellectual endowment; and the tribunals which, since the commencement of the controversy, have been open to hear its complaint, have been tribunals of reason, of justice, and of established law.
The arguments of the counsel for the complainant, zealous and able as they were, rested mainly on the hardship and injustice of deciding this controversy on the pleadings as they now stand. The mistake is admitted; and what is there else in the bill, taken in con-' nection with all the facts and circumstances, which can give the case of the complainant a more imposing form. No fraud is imputed ; the sealed agreements, now and ever, must speak the same language; the effect of time will remain; and the excuses alleged in the bill for delay, can scarcely have, under any form of pleading, greater effect
than may be given to them'as the case now stands. I speak.not of the volume of evidence which may be thrown into thecase by a
change of the pleadings; but of the leading and indisputable facts which must, under any form of procedure, have a controlling influ-
ence in the decision. Believing, as I do, that in admitting the truth of the plea, Rhode Island has done nothing prejudicial to her inte-
rests; and that in the present attitude of the case, its substantial merits are before us, I feel bound to pronounce a different opinion from that which has been given by a majority of my brother judges, Taking the facts of the plea, and giving due weight to all the allegations of the bill, not denied by the plea, I am led to the conclusion
that the bar is complete. In coming to this conclusion, I feel no want of respect for the state of Rhode Island, which has become so
illustrious in our history by its enterprise, its intelligence, and its pa-
triotism.

Mr. Justice CATRON.
The facts and pleadings have been so fully stated by my brethren, as to require from me only a brief notice of the conclusions my
mind has come to on the points in controversy. The defence, in the form of an incongruous plea, must set up mat-
ter ift bar, which, if true, renders immaterial every other fact alleged in the bill ; be these as they may, the defence must be conclusive of the controversy ; and every necessary averment to sustain the matter pleaded in bar, must also be made in an answer covering the plea, which cannot be permitted to stand unsupported by an answer. This is the familiar and settled practice of the High Court
of Chancery in England; and adopted by rule in the Courts of the United States.
In form, it is believed, the plea and answer in this cause are aa-
curate in a high degree, in regard to the matter pleaded, and the

.280

SUPREME COURT.

[The State of hode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
averments necessary to give it effect, in the sense it is relied on as a bar; unless the defence set up is double.
It is insisted the plea is multifarious, because it relies on two defences: first, the compacts ; and second, the possession and occupation of the territory claimed.by the plaintiff, for more than a century.
The facts pleaded must be conducive to a single point of defence; and the question is, 'are the compacts, the making of the line in part execution of them, and the taking and holding possession in other part, and complete' execution of them, combined facts and circumstances, conducing to establish the single point relied on in defence? That is, that the line run from Woodward and Saffrey's station was the true boundary, established by, ind marked in execution, of, the compacts; and. that by the compacts Rhode Island is estopped to deny its validity. And I think the circumstances pleaded are so connected
as not to vitiate the plea.
If it is bad, it must therefore be so on its merits involving the obligatory" force of the compacts. That they are prima facie conclu-
sive of the bundary, is admitted: but the bill alleges they were made in misthke, and the line run and marked, and possession surrendered to Massachusetts, in mistake of a prominent fact: that Rhode Island then believed the station, and the line run from it, three miles south of Charles river; wnereas subsequent observation and examination had ascertained it to be much further south, that
is, about seven miles. The Massachusetts charter calls for a line to be drawn east and
west, "three miles south of the waters of said Charles river; or'of any, or of every part thereof;" and' the plea, in substance, avers, the charter was construed, and the line settled by the compacts, without misrepresentation on the part of Massachusetts; and with
full and equal knowledge of all circumstances by both parties. The plea having been set down for argument, without an issue,
must for the present be taken as true; and the averments taken as admitted, that'the parties entered into the compacts, and established the boupdary, with fall and equal knowledge of all the circurnstances 'f law aiid fact-involved in the controversy, as it then existed, and now exists. And in the face of -the compacts thus made, can Rhode Island be heard to allege the existence of a mistake in the boundary established by them; and marked by the mutual commissioners, and as the joint act of both parties ? Under the circumstances, to open the controversy, and let in proof of a mistake ; at this day, to overthrow a solemn treaty made between two independent governments;. is deemed by me, inadmissible, not to saydangerous. And I think the matters pleaded (if true) a good defence. If this compromise and solemn establishment of a boundary, made a century ago, can be impeached on the ground of a mistake, so palpable and easy of detection; cannot every other made bythe states be-brought before this Court, on a similar assumption, usually much better founded; especially where degrees of latitude

JANUARY TERM, 1840.

281

[The .State of Rhode Island vs. The State of Massachusetts.]
are called for as boundaries? If the parties, "with full and equal knowledge of all circumstances," compromised and settled a doubtful construction of the Massachusetts charter, and in which they were engaged nearly ten years; why should this Court go further into the matter, at the hazard of encouraging litigation in so many other .quarters ?
I will for th present refrain from entering into the inquiry, how far such a mistake of law; in construing a private instrument, could be inquired into by a Court of Chancery in a suit between man apd man; nor what help the' mistr ke of law (if any exists) could derive from the facts apparent by the bill, unless the statement of the proposition should suggest the answer.
Nor will I attempt to draw the marked line of distinction between such private agreement, and a public treaty, by state with state; in regard to the difficulty of going into matters of mistake, usually not predicable of a treaty.

On consideration of the plea filed in this case by the defendant, and of the arguments of counsel thereupon had, as well in support of as against the said plea,'it is now here ordered by this Court, that the said plea be, and the same is hereby overruled; and it is further now here ordered by this Court, that the defendant answer the bill of complaint, as amended, on or before the first day of the
next term.

2 A2

