JANUARY TERM 1841.
THE UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS, v. THE HEIRS 0' JOHN FORBES, APPELLEES.
John Forbes, by memorial to Governor Kindelan, the Governor of East Florida, set forth, that, in 1799, there had been granted to Panton, Leslie, and Company, for the purpose of pasturage, fifteen thousand acres of land, which they were obliged to abandon, as being of inferior quality. Forbes, as the successor to these grantees, asked to be permitted to abandon these fifteen thousand acres, and, in lieu, to have granted to him ten thousand acres, as an equivalent, on Nassau river. The petition avers, that the obj;ct was to establish a rice plantation. The petition was referred to "the Comptroller," who gave it as his opinion, that the culture of rice should be promoted. Governor Kindelan permitted the abandonment of the fifteen thousand acres granted before, and in lieu thereof, granted to John Forbes, for the object of cultivating rice, ten thousand acres in the district, or banks of the river Nassau. Surveys of seven thousand acres of land, at the head of the river "Little St. Marys" or 4 St. Mary," and three thousand acres in " Cabbage Swamp," were made under this grant. No description of the locality of the land, other than that in the certificate of the survey, was given; nor do the surveys prove, that the land surveyed lay in the district of the river Nassau. No evidence was given of the situation of "Cabbage Swamp." Held, that these surveys were not Made on the land granted by Governor Kindelan; and, according to the decisionsbf this Court, on all occasions, the surveys, to give them validity, must be in conformity with the grants on which they are founded; and to make them the origin of title, they must be of the land described in the grant of the Spanish government.
The cases of the United States v. Clarke, 8 Peters, 486. The United Statesv. Huertas, 9 Peters, 171, cited.
The Courts of Justice can only adjudge what has been granted; and declare that the lands granted by the lawful authorities of Spain, are separated from the public domain: but where the land is expressly granted at one place, they have no power; by a decree, to grant an 'quivalent at another place, and thereby sanction an abandonment of the grant made by the Spanish authorities. The Courts of the United States have no authority to divest the title of the United States in the public lands, and vest it in claimants; however just the claim may be to an equivalent for land, the previous grant of which has failed.
The case of the Uriited States v. Arredondo, 6 Peters, 691, cited. The decree of th Supreme Court of East Florida, which had confirmed the grant to
@John Forbes, reversed.
ON appeal froni the Superior Court of East Florida.
The executor of John Forbes, on the 20th of May, 1829, presented a petition to the Superior Court for the Eastern District
P2

174

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. Forbes]

of Florida, claiming ten thousand acres of land, seven thousand of which were surveyed on the waters of "Little St. -Marys river," in the then district of Nassau, in East Florida; the other tract, being three thousand acres, was alleged to be situated on "Cabbage Swamp," also in East Florida.
The-petition stated, that the grant for the land was made by Governor Kindelan, in lieu of fifteen thousand acres which had been surrendered by John Forbes to the King of Spain.
The petition contained the "Memorial for grant,".which was presented on the 27th Jily, 1814, to Governor Kindelan, by John Forbes. It was with the proceedings, and as follows:

HIs EXCELLENCY TEE Gov mRNo:
I, Don Juan Forbes, partner of the firm of Juan Forbes and Company, successors of Panton, Leslie, and Company, merchant of this province, with the greatest respect, appears before your excellency, and says,,that the said, firm of Panton, Leslie, and Company obtained, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, a grant of fifteen thousand acres of vacant lands
in the district of St. John, in order to employ their slaves in the agriculture and for grazing their cattle. as is seen by lhe certificate annexed; but after a short time, they were untler the necessity to abandon them, as being of an inferior quality, the same thing happened to which, which frequently happens in this province, where the planter does not every time succeed in his choice of land, which he perceives only when a sorrowful experience shows him his error; and as it has been for many preceding years that the government, in attention to similar misfortunes, and to the expenditures and losses which have been incurred, has had the goodness to permit the taking up other vacant lands, provided the prior grant be abandoned. Finding myself situated in the same case, and wishing to establish a rice plantation, which production we have been, until the present time, under the necessity to import from foreign parts: I, from this moment, abandon the said fifteen thousand acres of land in behalf of his majesty, (whom may God have in his holy keeping,) suppli: cating him to admit it, and in lieu thereof, to grant me an equivalent in the district of Nassau river. Therefore, I supplicate your excellency, be pleased to order that my foimer abandonment be

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

175

The United States v. Forbes]

received, and, in consequence, that ten thousand acres be granted

to me, in said district of Nassau river; the survey of which I

will produce, as soon as the tranquillity of the province enables

me to execute it.

Which favour, &c.

JuAN FoRBEs.

On the 27th July, 1814, Governor Kindelan ordered, on the petition, "let the Comptroller inform on the subject."
The Comptroller reported, on the 8"th July, 1814, that"Whereas, in this province, lands are distributed gratis, no record has been entered in the Comptroller's office, of lands so given, nor to whom given, for which reason it is not known what lands have been given, and what remain vacant. Therefore nothing can be said on the subject about which information is required: it appears, however, that it is useful to promote tfie culture of rice, to which, as the interested party alleges, the lands granted to him the seventh of August, bne thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for the express purpose of pasturage, as appears bjr the annexed certificate of the then notary of government, Juan de Pierra, are not adapted."
On the same day, Governor Kindelan made the following "grant," by
DECREE.
St. Augustine, on the twenty-eighth of July, one thousand eight hundred and fourteen. It is permitted to this interested party to give his formal abandonment of the fifteen thousand acres of land, comprehended in the document annexed to the petition, and in lieu: of them the ten thousand are granted to him, without prejudice to a third party, for the objects solicited, in the district or bank of the river Nassau; and in consequence, let the corresponding certificate be issued in his behalf from the secretary's, office, in order that it may serve him as a title inform, and it ivill be the duty of the party to produce the plat and demarcations in the proper time, and let the expedient be registered in the secretary's office.
KINDELAN.

On,the 23d October, 1816, George J. F. Clark, "the SurveyorGeneral,",*certified that he had made "a survey" of seven

176

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. Forbes.]

thousand acres at the head of the river Little St. Mary's, or St. Mary's river, and annexed "a plat" of the same to his certificate of survey, which, the certificate states, he "keeps in the register
of surveys under his charge." On.the 20th October, 1816, George J.F. Clarke certified that
he had made a survey of three thousand acres "in Cabbage Swamp, in part of ten thousand acres," granted to John Forbes, in absolute property, and annexed "a plat" of the same to his certificate, as Surveyor-General, and stated "that he keeps the same in the register of surveys under his charge."
After evidence had been taken on behalf of the petitioner and of the United States, the Court confirmed the claim of the petitioner to the extent for the number of acres, and at the place, as in the memorial of the said John Forbes, and the decree of the Governor thereon, is set forth, to wit: "Ten thousand acres of land in the district or bank of the river Nassau."
The United States prosecuted this appeal.

The case was argued by Mr. Gilpin, Attorney-General, for the appellants; and by Mr. Downing, for the appellees.

Mr. Gilpin, the Attorney-General, for the United States. In this case, the Superior Court of East Florida made a decree in faVour of the defendants in error, declaring their title to "ten thousand acres of land in the district or bank of Nassau river," to be valid, under the eighth article of the treaty between Spain and the United States, ratified on the 22dFebruary, 1821. That title is founded on an alleged grant to Juan Forbes, by Governor Kindelan, dated 2sth July, 1814, of " ten thousand acres in, the district or bank of the river Nassau, for the objects solicited" in the memorial of the applicant; it being, says the grant, "the duty of the party to produce the plat and demarcations in the proper time.'" The memorial states the wish of Forbes to be permitted to abandon a previous grant of fifteen thousand acres of vacant land, in the district of St. John, on account-of its bad quality, and to receive, in lieu of it, as he is desirous "to establish a rice plantation," these ten thousand acres in the district of Nassau river," the survey of which he promises to produce, as soon as the tranquillity of the province enables him to execute it."

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

177

[The United States v. Forbes.]

The evidence of the claimants was a certificate of Aguilar, the governor's secretary, that a copy of the "1expediente," or record of the memorial and grant, had been given to the interested party; a certificate, dated 20th October, 1816, by Clarke, the Surveyor-General, that he had surveyed "for Don Juan Forbes, three thousand acres in Cabbage Swamp, in part of ten thousand acres granted to him by the government;" another certificate, dated 23d October, 1816, by Clarke, that he had surveyed for him,"'seven thousand acres at the head of the river Little St. Mary's, being the complement of ten thousand acres granted to him by the government;" and a deposition of Sophia Fleming, in which she says she "has heard that Nassau river and the Little St. Mary's are near to each other; that she does not know what district was called Nassau ; and that she does not know the distance from Nassau river to Little St. Mary's."
It does not appear that the District Attorney excepted, in the Court below to the evidence of the g ant; but, judging fro& the case as now presented in the record, it may be doubted whether the certificate of the governor's secretary was such a one, or was sustained by such corroborative testimony, as would make it sufficient evidence of title, according to the decision of this Court, in the case of the United States v. Wiggins, 14 Peters, 348. In that case, the Secretary certified, on the day of the grant, that "the preceding copy is faithfully drawn from the original, which exists in the Secretary's office, under my charge ;" in the present certificate, there is no date, and no averment either that the particular record is a true copy, or that the original does or ever did exist in the Secretary's office. In that case, the corroborative testimony, on which the Court chiefly relied, was a survey in strict conformity to the grant, and referring to its date; in the present, the two surveys agree with the grant in nothing but the quantity ; they differ as to the location, and they make no reference to the date.
It is submitted, however, that even if the grant was made by Governor Kindelan, yet Forbes derived no valid title under it, which'the Court below was authorized to confirm. He solicited, in his memorial, a grant of~ten thousand acres in the district of Nassau river, of which he was to produce a survey; and it was for the purpose of establishing a rice plantation. The grant was
23

178

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States ,,. Forbes.]
made "for the objects solicited," and under the duty imposed upon him "to produce the plat and demarcations in the proper time." There is no proof either that the land was surveyed, marked out, and located according to the grant; or that the conditions of cultivation and settlement were complied with.
I. The grant was made by the Governor; in general terms, as to the district in which the petitioner was to locate the tract conceded to him. The quantity was prescribed, and the district; the particular locality was to be ascertained by the survey which was to b(- made "within the proper time ;" until that should be done, it was in fact but a mere order of survey. The eighth section of the regulations of Governor White, (2 White's New Rec. 278,) which were then in existence, establishes the necessity of an immediate and definite survey the fofirth section requires that possession should be taken within six months: of course the survey must have been made and returned within that period. 2 White's New Rec. 286. What the general pro visions of the Spanish law thus required, this grant made more imperative, by expressly imposing the same duty, Has it been performed? No evidence of any survey, agreeing in any respect with the grant, has been produced. The only evidence of a survey is the two certificates of Clarke. Of these, it might be sufficient to say, that they do not purport to have been made under the authority of this grant, or to have reference thereto. But supposing that they were intended so to be, they give the claimant no title. They do not accord with the grant. They are not an execution of the order of the Governor. In the first place, the grant authorizes the location of a single tract; these surveys call for two distinct tracts, at different places. In the next place, the location is to be "on the bank of Nassau river :" yet one tract is in Cabbage Swamp, about the locality of which there is no testimony whatever; and the other is on - Little St. Mary's' river, about which there is some slight testimony, to the effect, that the witness "has hehrd it is near Nassau river." This is no location in accordance with the grant. To establish a title to these tracts, the claimatit must show that a certificate of survey is equivalent to a grant. He has no better title to them. It is clear, then, that by the'Spanish law, the claimant had not perfected his title.

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

179

[The United States v. Forbes.]'

But it is argued that, under the eighth article of the treaty, (6 Laws of United States, 618, 2 White's New Rec. 210,) the grant is not void, but may be still' perfected by a survey. To this it is replied, that the provision referred to does not apply to a grant totally void at the date of the treaty; that such was the case in regard to this grant, because the rules of the Spanish law, by force of which alone this land could be severed from the royal domain, never were complied with. At the date of the treaty there was no valid grant to the claimant, in existence. But if there had been, subsequent neglect to comply with the same rules, would have made it void. The treaty, if applicable to snch a case, could have extended no farther than to authorize the claimant to perfect his title by a survey, within six months after its date, which he never did.
These positions are fully warranted by previous decisions of this Court. In the case of the United States v. Clarke, 8 Peters, 468, there was a grant of sixteen thousand acres at a place described therein. One survey of eight thousand acres was made within the bounds of the grant; two others for the residue, were made elsewhere. "The grant," say the Court, "conveyed the land described in the instrument, and no other." In the case of the United States v. Huertas, S Peters, 491, there were similar surveys, in different parcels, of the number of acres granted; and this Court held "the claim to be valid to the extent, and agreeably to the boundaries as in the surveys," whichi were conformable to the grant, but. invalid as to the rest. In the cases of the United States v. Levy, 8 Peters, 482, and of the United States v. Seton, 10 Peters, 311, the same principle was again affirmed. In the case of the United States v. Sibbald, 10 Peters, 321, the petition contained a elause soliciting permission to locate the quantity asked for, at a different place from that designated, "in the event that this situation will not permit the said form," and the grant accorded to the claimant, "the permission he solicited ;" on this ground, the objection, which was taken, that the terms of the grant did not authorize a survey at the place where the party made his location, was not sustained'by this Court. In the case of the United States v. Arredondo, 13 Peters, 133, this Court said that the land mustbe taken as near as might be to where it was granted; that it could not be taken

180

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. Forbes.]

elsewhere; and that the grant gave no right to any equivalent or another location. In that case too, the Court held, that where "the description, in the petition of the locality of the concession, was too indefinite to enable a survey to be made," the claimants could "take nothing under the concession."
II. Supposing, however, that the petition, concession, and surveys, are sufficient to give locality to the grant, was the title perfected by the claimant? ' It was not. The grant was founded on his petition for land, "to establish a rice plantation ;" it wpts given "for the objects solicited :" they were never accomplished, or attempted. Independent of this condition, in terms, that arising from the Spanish law was equally imperative. This was not an absolute grant in consideration of past or future services; it was conferred for purposes of actual'cultivation and settlement; the conditions of occupation and improvement, of which the performance is necessary, in such cases, to make the title complete, have been heretofore fully discussed, (United States v. Wiggins, 14 Peters, 340;) and the declaration of Saavedra, formally confirmed by Governor Coppinger, (2 White's Neew Rec. 284,) that concessions made either to foreigners, or natives, with certificates from' the Governor's secretary, were of no value or effect, if the lands granted were abandoned, or not cultivated, has been deliberately recognised by this Court. 14 Peters, 351.

Mr, Downing, for the appellees, contended that the grants of sevcn thousand acres, and three thousand acres, had been made unconditional, by the Spanish government, on the surrender of fifteen thousand acres which had been granted in another place.
The land was surveyed on the 23d of October, 1816. He
claimed, that by the Florida treaty, by the laws of Congress, and by the decisions of this Court, in similar cases, the grants should be confirmed, and the decision of the Superior Court of Florida should be approved by the Court.

Mr. justice CATRioN delivered the opinion of the Court. John Forbes, by his memorial to Governor Kindelan, (without date,) sets forth, that in 1799, there had been granted to Panton, Leslie & Co., for the purpose of agriculture, and for grazing

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

181

[The United States v. Forbes.]

their cattle, fifteen thousand acres of land, in the district of St. Johns, which they were under the necessity of abandoning, as being of an inferior quality: that said John Forbes is one of the firm of John Forbes & Co., successor to Panton, Leslie & Co. And said John Forbes prays to be permitted to abandon the fifteen thousand acres, to the king's domain; and in lien thereof, to have granted to him an equivalent in the district of-Nassau river, to wit: That ten thousand acres be granted to him in said district of Nassau river, the survey of which he will, produce as soon as the tranquillity of the province enables him to -execute it.
The petition avers the object was to establish a rice plantation. The petition was referred to the Comptroller, Lopez, for a report thereon, to Governor Kindelan; the Comptroller reports that records of such grants, were not made in his office, and of course he could give no information on the subject; but gives it as his opinion, that the culture of rice should be promoted. On the 28th of July, 1814, Governor Kindelan permitted the abandonment of the fifteefi thousand acres granted in 1799; and in lieu thereof, granted to John Forbes, for the object of cultivating rice, ten thousand acres, in the district, or bank of the river Nassau, and ordered a certificate to issue in the ordinary form, from the Secretary's office, to serve the party as a title in form; making the duty of said Forbes,,to produce the plat and demarcation in proper time. On the 23d of October, 1816, George F. Clarke, the Surveyor,

returned, that he had, as Surveyor General of East Florida, surveyed and delineated for Don Juan Forbes, seven- thousand acres of land, at the head of the river Little St. Mary's, or St. Mary river; said land being the complement of ten thousand acres, which were granted to him in absolute property, confor!mably to the annexed plat.
Previously, on the 20th of October, 1816, said Clarke had surveyed for Forbes, three thousand acres in part of the ten thousand acres granted- to him, conformably to the annexed plot. This survey was in Cabbage Swamp. But no other description of locality appears, either from the certificate or plat. Nor is there any evidence appearing on the surveys, or by propf, that the lands surveyed lie in the distiict of the river Nassau, or on the
VOL. XV.-Q

182

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. Forbes.)
bank .of said river; on the contrary, the seven thousand acre survey is on the river Little St. Mary's, which a woman, Mrs. Fleming, proves she had heard, was near to the Nassau. The situation of Cabbage Swamp does not appear from the record.
The decree of Governor Kindelan contemplated that the tract should be included in one survey; as did the petition of Forbes. Neither of the surveys corresponding with the concession, in regard to the district where the survey could alone be made; and being on lands not granted by the Governor of Florida; the surveys, if confirmed, would be recognised as of themselves appropriations of the lands, independently of the concession on which they profess to be founded; making them the origin of title, and assuming that the surveyor had the power
to grant. This Court has on all occasions holden, when the' question has been presented, that the survey must be for the land granted by the proper authority. The United States v. Clarke, 8 Peters, 468. The United States v. Huertas, 9 Peters, 171.
The Courts of justice can only adjudge what has been granted; and declare that the lands granted by the lawful authorities of Spain,. are separated from the public domain: but where the land is expressly gianted at one place, they ha'e no power by a decree to grant an equivalent at another place, and thereby
sanction an abandonment of the grant made by the Spanish authorities. All the public domain of Spain was ceded to this government by the treaty of cession, and the title in fee to the same vested in the United States; from the lands thus acquired, was excepted individpal property. First, the paper title to such private .Property'it is our duty to investigate and ascertain, and by our decisions to establish; and secondly, it is our duty to ascertain, and cause, to be surveyed'and marked by definite boundaries, the lands granted: and here the duties of the Courts end. They have no authority to divest the title of the United States, and vest in a claimant, however just his claim may be to an equiralent, These principles seem to be self-evident; and their assertion not' called for, because of their undoubted character : yet the consequences flowing from them, will be found to govern a class -of cases of large magnitude, now. n the courseof adjudication.' The one before us is of that class. The concession or grant, (for the terms are synonymous, in regard to the

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

183

[The United States v. Forbes.]

Spanish titles of Florida,) to Juan Forbes, was for ten thousand. acres in the district, or bank, of the river Nassau, with an order, that the concession should serve him as a title in form; "and it will be the duty df the party to prodiuce the plat and demarcations, in the proper time," says the decree of the Spanish governor. That this concession is founded on a past consideration; that is, on the surrender of other fifteen thousand acres previously granted to Panton, Leslie, and Company, admits of no doubt; still, the question recurs, what spot of land was.granted? Of the district of Nassau we know nothing, as there is no proof of the existence of such a section of country in the record; unless we infer that it is in the range of country through which the river Nassau runs. But the description is more precise, and. authorizes the grantee to take the land on the bank of this river. That there is such a river as the Nassau, in East Florida, lying south of the St. Mary's river, we know from the general geography of the country; it is, however, a river of considerable len6 th; the land might have been located on either bank, from its conmencement as a river, to its mouth at the ocean. No survey of the land. granted was ever made; the duty imposed upon the grantee to produce the plat and demarcations, in the proper time, was never performed. This was a condition he assumed upon himself; the execution and return of the survey to the proper, office, in such case, could only sever the land granted from the public domain. Before, the grantee had an equal right to any lands on either bank of. the river Nassau. The concession was made in 1814; and how long the party had the right to survey and make the demarcation, it is needless to inquire, as it has never been done. We apprehend, however,
rithin six months'after the ratification of the treaty, by the contracting parties respectively, was the latest date at which the condition to survey could have been complied with: on this' point, however, no definite and conclusive opinion is called for, and none is given. Thus situated, the claim was presented, to the Superior Court of Florida for confirmation. The Court pronounced the claim valid, that is, that the concession had been made by the lawful authorities of Spain; and it was decreed, that the lands "be confirmed at the place, as in the memorial of the said John Forbes, and the decree of the Governor thereon

SUPREME COURT.
[The United States v. Forbes.]
set forth, to wit: ten .thousand acres of land in the district, o. bank of the river Nassau." From this decree, the United States appealed; and in the review of which decree, we are compelled to find the land granted, or to reject the claim, because we cannot identify the land. If this cannot be done, we have no power to decree an equivalent out of the lands of the United States; for the reason, that the Courts have no authority to divest the title of the government, and to vest it in Forbes's heirs. No particular land fiaving been severed from the public domain by John Forbes, his was the familiar case of one having a claim on a large section of 'country, unlocated; in its nature, and effect, as it regards the goveriment, not differing from the holder of a land warrant in the American states, which might be located by survey at any spot that was not appropriated by an individual title, in a certain district of country. In such a case the government has ever been deemed to hold the fee unaffected by a vested equitable interest, until the location was made according to the laws of the particular country. -So here, Forbes acquired no title to any land that can be recognised by a Court of 3ustice, and his claim must be pronounced void for want of identity; and because it is impossible to settle the identity, and locate the land by a judicial decree.
Although this question has not been directly presented to the Court for decision; yet it did arise,.and received our carefdconsideration, in the cause of -The United States v. Arredondo, 6 Peters, 691. In that case, thirty thousand acres had been granted to Arredondo, in 1817, designated to lie on Alligator creek, a bianch of the Suwanee, to begin about seven miles west of Alligatortown; situated about forty miles north-westwadly from Paynestown, and about eighty miles from Buena Vesta; which parts of the country are known under the name of Alachua. The Court say-"'the land must be. taken as near as may be as it was granted, and cannot be taken elsewhere. It(the grant) gives no right'to an equivalent or another location; if it cannot be found at, or near, the place designated; an equivalent is not secured by the concession in terms, nor is it by the customs or usages of Spain, nor by any law or ordinance of Spain. And it is proper here to remark, that the acts of Congress for ascertaining claims and titles to land

JANUARY TERM," 1841.

185

(The United States v. Forbes.]

in Florida, whilst they recognise patents, grants, concessions, or orders of survey, as evidence of title when lawfully made, do not permit, in case of a deficiency in tl~e quantity from any cause whatever, the survey to be extended on other lands." Detailed and careful instructions are then given how the Court below shall proceed to identify the land; and how it shall be sur1 veyed when the- identity is established: and then' the Court declare : "If, however, neither Alligator creek can be found, nor any creek to the west of Alligatortown, entering into the Suwanee within seven miles distance from the.town, or a reasonable distance therefrom; and if Alligatortown cannot be found; then, it is the opinion of this Court, that the remaining description in the petition, of the locality of the concession, is too indefinite to enable a survey to be made; and that the appellees can take nothing under the concession." Subject to this opinion, and a mandate in conformity-to it, the cause was remanded to the Superior Court of. East Florida, for further proceedings, in execution of the decree and instructions of this Court; and -'vhere it is probably now pending. We think the principle adopted unquestionably correct, and which rules this case.
The petition of Juan Forbes, and the concession-of Governor Kindelan, are authenticated and were read in evidence, by the following certificate:

,"On the date, a copy of this expediente was given to the

interested party above.

AGUILAR."

We feel strongly impressed with the deficiency; and Vnsatis-

factory character of the foregoing certificate; but as no objection

was made to the introduction of the title papers in the Court be-

low, on behalf of the United States, on the hearing; and as the

cause has presented no difficulty on its merits.; this preliminary

point has been passed over, with this indication; so that in fu-

ture, the objection may be taken below, should it be deemed

desirable to present the question on part of the government,

whether such authentication is sufficient to authorize the evi-

dences of title to be read.

We order, the decree of the Superior Court to be reversed,

and that the petition be dismissed.

Q 2

24

186

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. Forbes.]

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Superior Court for the District of East Florida, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is the opinion of this Court, thafthe giant or concession is void for the want of identity; that it appropriates no land, that the saidpetitioner has acquired no right or title to any specific land. Whereupon, it is now here decreed and ordered by thins Court, that the decree of the said Superior Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, reversed and annulled; and that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said Superior Court, with directions to'enter a decree in conformity to the opinion of this Cuurt.

SUPREME COURT.
THE UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS; V. THE HEIRs Op JOSEPH DELESPIKE AND OTHERS, AXPELLEES.
A claim for a square of four miles of land, under a grant from Don Jose Coppinger, Spanish Governor of East Florida, situtated. a the north head of Indian river, conLirmed.
The certificate of Don Tomas de Aguilar, Secretary of the Government and Province, 6f the copy of the grant of the Governor, stating the same "to be faithfully drawn from the original in the Secretary's office 'under his charge," was legal evidence of the grant; and was properly admitted as such, in support of the same. The case of The United States v. Wiggins, 14 Peters, and The United States v.Rodman, at this term, deciding the same point, cited. The case of The United States v. Percheman, 7 Peters, 96, cited.
A grant of ten thousind. two hundred and forty acres of land, by the Sjmnish Governor of Frbrida, which recited, among other things, that it was made under a royal order of the King of Spai, of 29th MarcA 1915, and which was not in conformity with the'grant; but which was made in the exercise of other powers to grant lands, which had been vested in the Governor; was not made invalid by the recital of the royal order as the authority for the grant.. The grant recited plso, that it was made in .consideration of military services, ?nd was also in consideration of the surrender of another grant, previously made, which surrendgr had been accepted by the Governor. These were sufficient inducements to the grant.
* APPEAL from the Superior Court of East F,orida.
Joseph Delespine and others presented a petition to the Superior Court of East Florida, claiming ten thousand two hundred and forty acres of land, at the north, head of..Indian river, by vjitue of a concession from Governor Coppinger, the Spanish Governor of East Florida, to Pablo Fontane, dated November 10, 1817. * The grant, and circumstances of the case, are full stated in the opinion of the Court.
The Superior Court of East 'Florida decreed a confirmation of the grant; and the United States prosecuted this appeal.
The case was argued by Mr. Gilpin, for the United. States; Mr. Downing appeared as counsel for the appellees.

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

227

[The United States v. Delespine et al]

Mr. Gilpin, for the United States, relied on the following grounds:-
1. That the evidence in the case is insufficient to prove that the alleged grant or concession was ever made.
2. That if it be proved or admitted that the alleged grant or concession was ever made, still, that the same was not in conformity to the royal order of 29th March, 1815, by virtue of which, it is declared that the concession was made.
1. This is an alleged concession of Governor Coppinger. -The evidence to support it is a copy of the concession, certified by Tomas de Aguilar, and it is accompanied by an order and certificate of survey. The only point~to be considered in regard to this evidence is, whether or not the facts bring the case within the rule established in that of The United States v.'Wiggins, 14 Peters, 348. This Court certainly -will not extend the scope of that rhie, so as to give any weight to these secondary evidences of title which it does not indisputably recognise. It is not denied that the production of the order of survey, and the plat and'certificate made in pursuance thereof, go far to bring it within that decision; but it may not be improper to ask.the particular consideration of the Court to the depositions annexed to the record, which would seem to show that the existence of the original concession was a matter of doubt at a very early period; that in March, 1822, very shortly after the cession of Florida, before the alleged losses of papers are supposed to have occurrea, and when the grantee was yet living, and sold part of his interest to Delespine, it appeari not to have been in existence; and that the particular fact of its actual existence, at any time, is not proved by a single witness.
2. This grant purports to be founded on the royal order of 29th of March, 1815, 2 White's New Rec. 279. That order authorizes the Governor to grant land to the soldiers in the militia; the quantity being the same "as established by regulation in the province, agreeably to the number of persons composing each family ;" and it also contemplates special rewards to certain officers mentioned in it. If Fontane, the grantee, was, as it is presumed he was, one of the militia authorized to take under this order, yet h "was entitled only to the quantity "established by regulation," which was much less than that included

SUPREME oRT.
[The United States v. Delespine et aL]
inthe alleged concession. It may then be said, ift the language of this Court, in.the case of The United States v. Clarke, 8 Peters; 448, that "I, f the validity of the grant depends on its being in conformity with the 'oyal.order, it cannot be supported." It is true, that this Court, in the-case of The United States v, Percheman, 7 Peters, 96,in examining the effect bf a recital of the'royal order of 29th March, ;815, in a grant of a large body of land, declared "Ithat the reference to' it was to be regarded no farther than as showing that the favourable attention of the king had been directed to the petitioner." If the facts of the present case are s~~ilar to those which led the Court in that case, so t regard th; effect of the royal order, it is admitted that the grant, if made, was valid. , But are they similar ? In the first place, .Percleman was a distinguished ofcer of dragoons, who h'ad rendered important military services; and this Court said, thatthe GevrDor made the grant, as a reward for these, services, which. -be.,4i;d full authority to do under the laws of the Indies. But, in the second place, it happened that Percheman was himself qne of the offiders individually mentioned in the royal order of 1815, as entitled, to a special reward; aftd, therefore, the order was naturally and properly recited in the grant.: These considerations evidently made a'large grant, in that case, perfectly consistent with'a reference to the royal order of 1815. But neither of them'is applicable to the present case. Neither the petition nor the grant refers directly or indirectly to any military services; nor Was the grantee, Fontane, one of those specially named in it. How., then, can such a grant, solicited and made, as this piurpdrts to be, "in virtue of the said royal order," be valid?
3. The grant is for a tract of land " on a creek which, issuing from the north head of Indian river, westwardly, runs to the northwest." The certificate of the survey is 'for a tract " in the territory-of Musquito, northwestwardly of Indian river." The petition of the claimant is for a tra'ct "at the north head of the river Ys, or Indian river, on the weA side thereof.1 This discrepancy is fatal to the validity of the claimant's title. The land surveyed and claimed is not identical with that granted; the title to the latter has never been .perfected, even by a survey: it is too late for this now to b6 done: and, therefore, the decree of the Superior Court of East Florida, made pursuant to,the de-

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

229

[The United States v. Delespine et al.]

scription in the grant, cannot cure the defect resulting from the negligence of the claimant himself. It falls within the principles which have already been before the Court at this term, in the case of The United States v. The Heirs of Forbes.

Mr. Justice WAYwE delivered the opinion of the Court. Appeal from the Superior Court of East Florida. The decree of the Court declare the claim to be valid, to a square of four miles of land on a creek, issuing from the north head of Indian river, westwardly, and running to the north-
West. The following is the memorial and grant offered by the appel-
lees, to maintain the claim:

His EXCELLENCY THE GOVERNOR. Don Pablo Fontane, an inhabitant and merchant of this place,
with due respect represents to your Excellency, that in consequence of the orders of His Majesty of the twenty-ninth of March, one thousand eight hundred and fifteen, in which he has been pleased to grant, gratuitously, to his faithful subjects of this Province, lands in proportion to the serVices rendered by them, and as your petitioner considers himself included in the 'said royal favour, this government granted to him, under date of the twenty-fifth of June, of the present year, in absolute property, as it appears by the document duly annexed, a quantity of land comprehended in a square of four miles, on Trout creek, of the river St. John, and-as it happened that when he went to take possession of the said land, he'found it in the possession of Dona Beig Bagely, widow, and this he represents to your Excellency, id order that you be pleased to withdraw the said document of ownership which, is annexed, and to grant him another in lied thereof, for the same quantity of land on anothe) creek, which, issuing from the. north head of Indian river westwardly, runs to the north-west. Therefore,your petitioner supplicates your Excellency to consider as returned the mentioned document of concession, and, in virtue of the said royal order, to grant him, in absolute property, the square of four miles of land, at the place which he has just designated, as the same is vacant, which favbur ,he hopes to Teceive from the justice of your Excellency.- St.
VOL. XV.-U

230

SUPREME COURT.

[The Unitd States v. Delespine et aL]

Augustine of Florida, tenth of November, one thousand eight

hundred and seventeen.

PABLO FONTANE.

St. Augustine, tenth of November, one thousand eight hundred and seventeen: I accept the retrocession which this party offers, of the land which was granted to him on the twenty-sixth of 'June last past, for the reasons which he exhibits in this petition, and in lieuthereof, I grant him in lawful property, in conformity to the royal order to which he refers, and as he is entitled thereto, the square of four miles of land on the north head of Indian river, which he designates, and to this effect let the Secretary's office issue to him a copy conforming to this decree, to which will be- annexed the copy of this petition, on which the decree was rendered. In testimony thereof, and in order that at all times it may serve as a title in form to the interested party.
COPPINGER.

CERTIFICATES OP. AGUILAR.
I, Don Tomas de Aguilar, sub-lieutenant of the army and secretary of the government of this place, and of the Province thereof, for his majesty, do certify that the preceding copy is faithfully drawn from the original, which exists in the Secretary's office in my charge, and in obedience to order, I give the present in St. Augustine of Florida, on the eleventh of November, one thousand eight hundred and seventeen.
ToMAs DE AGUILAR.

We, Don Francisco FatiQ, and Don Juan Huertas, members

of this illustrious council constitutional, do certify, that the sig-

natures affixed in this expedient, are the same which the signers

use, and .in testimony thereof, we sign this in St. Augustine, on

the thirteenth of June, one thousand eight hundred and twenty-

one.

FRANCISCO J. FATIO,

JUAN HUB.TAS.

St. Iugustine, 16th May, 1832.-1 certify that the preceding
is a correct tanslation of the Spanish document annexed.
A. GAY Translatorand Interpreter
f the Sup'r Court.

XANUARY TERM, 1841.

231

[The United States v. D]elespine et aq

It.is contended that the decree should be reversed, because the evidence is insufficient to prove that the grant was made. The proof is a certificate of Aguilar, the secretary of the government, which has been ruled to be sufficient in the case of The United States v. Wiggins, 14 Peters; and again, at this term, in the case of The United States A; Rodman.
The second objection. is, that if the grant is proved, -it is not in conformity to the royal order of the 29th March, 1815, by virtue of which it is declared the grant was made.
That royal order has been under- the consideration of this Court in Percheman's case, 7 Peters, 96. In that case, it will be seen that the petitioner refers in his memorial to the order of 'the 29th March, 1815 ; and that the Governor in the grantfor the land says: "In consideration of the provisions of the royal order, under date of 29th March last, which is referred to, I do grant to him in absolute property," &c.; but the Court (referring to certificates which were annexed to the memorial for the grant, which the grant refers to as certificates annexed) said, "military service is'the foundation of the grant, and the royal order is referred to only as showing that the favourable attention of the king had been directed to the petitioner." 7 Peters, 96. The Court" sustained the grant in that case; notwithstanding it was said to have been made in consideration of the royal order of 1815, which limits grants to one hundred acres, and to persons of a particular regiment. The power in the Governor to make a larger grant of land, was not thought to be restrained in making a grant to one, -who was not of the regiment designated in the order, and who applied, for it on the ground of services. The reasoning in that decision cannot be shaken. It applies with full force to the gratit now under consideration i the decree of the Governor being alike in both cases. - But this has an adcditional consideration, recited in the memorial. ' The surrender of another grant previously made for'services; recognised by the Governor in his acceptance of the retrocession offered by the memorialist. This is a grant in absolute property. Though it recites the order of the 29th March, 1815, the inducements for making it are considerations, which plainly show it was not intended by the Governor to be restrained to the number of acres limited by that order.

232

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. Delespine et a.]
The judgment of the Court below will be affirmedj but as the survey given in evidence in this case was rejected by the Court, as it should have been, this Court will direct a survey to be made at the place designated in the decree of the Court below, for the number of acres decreed, without prejudice to the rights of third parties.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record
from the Superior Court for the District of East Florida, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is adjudged and decreed by this- Court, that the decree of the said Superior
Court in this cause, so far as it declares the claim of the petitioners to be valid, be, and.the same is hereby, affirmed in all respects; and that a survey be made of the lands contained in the said concession, according to the terms thereof, for the number of acres, and at the place therein designated; provided, it does not interfere with the rights of third parties: and it is further ordered-by the Court, that a mandate be issued to the Surveyor of Public Lands, directing him to do, and cause to be done, all 'the acts and things enjoined on him by law, and as required by the decree and opinion of this Court in this case ; and that this case be remanded to the said Superior Court for further proceedings to be had therein, in conformity to thii decree,*and the opinion of this Court, which must be annexed to the mandate

SUPREME COURT.
JACOB HOUSE=AN, CLAIMANT, &c., APPELLANT, V. THE CARGO OF THE SCHOONER NORTH CAROLINA, OLIVER OHARA,
AGENT, &c., LIBELLANT.
The schooner North Carolina, bound from Appalachicola to Charleston, with a cargo of cotton, part on account of the consignees, and part the property of the shipper, struck on a reef about ninety-five miles from Key West; and the next morning one hundred and ten bales of cotton were taken from her by the wrecking schooner Hyder Ally, when she floated ; and she'sailed with the Hyder Ally to Indian Key, and arrived there the same evening. The Hyder Ally was one of those wrecking schooners in the profits of which Houseman was a participator. He became the consignee of the North Carolina; and salvage being claimed by the master of the Hyder Ally, a reference was made by the master of the North Carolina, and the master of the wrecker, and by an award thirty-five per cent. was allowed as salvage; and one hundred and two bales of cotton were put into the stores of Hquseman, in part payment of the salvage; and one hundred dollars was paid in cash, and a draft forsix hundred dollars, was given by the captain of the North Carolina, in further satisfaction of the salvage, and the commissions of Houseman, with the vessel's expenses. Afterwards, the consignees of the cotton sent an agent to Key West, who proceeded, by a libel in his name, as agent, in the Superior Court of the United States 'of Monroe county in Florida, alleging the facts; and by process issued by the Court, seventy-two bales of the cotton of the North Carolina were attached in the hands of Houseman. The Court decreed that the libellant should recover the seventy-two bales of cotton; and Houseman appealed to the Court of Appeals In that Court, a supplemental libel was filed by the appellee, claiming damages for the taking and the detention of fifty other bales of cotton, making the whole number of one hundred and twenty-two bales, which ha,' gone into the possession of Houseman. The Court of Appeals gave a decree in favour of the appellee, for the value of one hundred and twenty-two bales. The Supreme Court affirmed the decree as to the seventy-two bales, and set aside that part of the decree which allowed the value of the fifty bales: leaving the consignees or owners of the fifty bales to proceed- in the Superior Court of East Florida by a new libel for the recovery of.the same or the value thereof.
There are many cases in which the contract of the captain, in relation to the amount of salvage to be paid to the salvors, or his agreement to refer the question to arbitrators, would bind the owners. In times of disaster, it is always his duty to exercise his bestjudgment, and to risheis best exertions for the benefit of both the vessel and cargo: and when, from his situation, he is unable to consult them or their agent, without an inconvenient and injurious delay, it is in his power to compromise a question of salvage; and he is not bound in all cases to 'wait for the decision of a Court of Admiralty.
So, too, when the salvage service has not been important, and the compensation demanded is a small one, it may often be the. interest of the owners, that the amount

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

41

[Houseman v. The Schooner North Carolina.]

should be settled at once by the captain; and the vessel proceed on her voyage, without waiting even a day for the purpose of consulting them. But in ali such cases, unless the acts of the captain are ratified by the owners, his conduct will be carefully watched and scrutinized by the Court; and his contracts will not be regarded as binding on the parties concerned, tinless they appear to have been bona fide; and such as a discreet owner, placed in the same circumstances, would probably have made. If he settles the amount by igreement, those who claim under it must show that the salvage allowed was reasonable and just. -If he refers it to arbitrators, those who claim the benefit of the award, must show that the proceedings were fair, and the referees worthy of the trust. The case is within the jurisdiction of a Court of Admiralty. It is a question of salvage of a vessel which had been stranded on a reef in the ocean. The points in controversy are whether salvage is due; and if due, how much? The admiralty is the only Court in which such questions can be tried. It is well settled in admiralty proceedings, that the agent of absent owners may libel -eitherin -his own *nkme,as agent, or in the name of his principals, as he thinks best.
That a power of attorney given subsequent to the libel is a sufficient ratification of what he had before done in their behalf; and that the consignees of a cargo- have a sufficient interest in the cargo that they may proceed in the admiralty for the recovery not only of their own property, but for that part of it which may be consigned to them. An amendment in a case in the admiralty, before the Court, of Appeals, cannot introduce a new subject of controversy; although the most 4iberal principles prevail in such cases.

ON appeal from the Court of Appeals of Florida.

This case. ws argued by Mr. Coxe for the appellant; and by Mr. Downing for the owners of the schoon'er and cargo. The facts are fully stated in the opinion of the Court.

Mr. Chief Justice TANEY delivered the opinion"of the Court.

This case arises upon a proceeding in admiralty, originally ill-

stituted in the Superior Court of Monroe county, inithe southern

district of Florida, and afterwards carried to the Court'of Appeals

for that Territory. It is brought here by appeal from the deci.

sion of the lastmentioned Court.

Several questions have been raised in the argument upon the

form and manner of proceeding in the Territorial Courts, qs well

as upon the merits of the controversy; and it becomes necessary

to state fully the facts in the record, in order to show the points

in dispute, and the principles on which they are decided.

The schooner North Carolina, George M'Intyre, master, sailed

D2

6

42

SUPREME COURT.

(Houseman v. The Schooner North CarolinL.]

from Appalachicola about the 9th of March, 1833, laden with cotton, and bound for Charleston, in South Carolina. The cargo was shipped by William G. Porter, of Appalachicola, and consigned to J. & C. Lawton, of Charleston, part of it being shipped on account of the consignees, and part on account of Porter, with
directions from him to sell his portion, as soon as the cqnsignees thought it for his interest; and to credit the proceeds in his ac-
count.
Upon the night of the 14th of March, being five days out, the vessel struck upon the Pickles reef, which is about ninety-five miles from Key West. She was discovered on the next morning by the wrecking schooner Hyder Ally, Joshua B. Smith, master, who took from her deck one hundred and ten bales of cotton, when she floated; and both vessels sailed for the Indi n Key, wherd they arrived the same evening. The North Carolina had grounded about twelve o'clock at night, and was got off at four o'clock in the afternoon of the following day. She sustained very little injury; not enough to have prevented her from proceeding immediately on her voyage. The weather was moderate while she was on the reef; and the Hyder Ally'ran no risk, and encountered no hardship in assisting her, beyond the mere labour of taking off the portion of her deck load above mentioned, and carrying it to the Indian Key. It is stated, however, that the Pickles reef is considered a dangerous one; that it came on to blow fresh about two hours after the North Carolina was relieved; and that she would probably have been lost if she had remained bn the reef the ensuing night.
The Indian Key is a small island of a few acres of land; and is about ten or twelve hours sail from Key West, where there is a port of entry, and a court of the United States having admiralty jurisdiction. It appears, by the testimony, that Houseman, the appellant, was the only man at the, Indian Key who could have advanced money to M'Intyre to pay the salvage. He had a warehouse there, and owned a schooner which was employed in the wrecking business; and this vessel of Houseman's, in the langige of the wreckers, consorted with the Hyder Ally, and with a sloop commanded by a man by the name of Packer; that is~to say, these three vessels shared equally in the gains made by either of them.' Hoaseman was therefore entitled to a pro-

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

43

[Houneman v.The Schooner North Carolina.]
portion of whatever could be obtained for salvage from the North
Carolina; and had a direct interest in making it as large as he could. It does not appear that he was engaged in any other business except that of wrecking on the Florida coast
Notwithstanding this interest of Houseman, he was appointed by M'Intyre, consignee of his vessel and, cargo, as soon as he arrived at the Indian Key; and he charged and. received commission to the amount of one hundred and fifty-six dollars and forty-five cents for his services in arranging the question of salvage, on behalf of the owners. The evidence does not show whether M'Intyre was apprised of Houseman's connection with the salvors; aid in so far as this case is concerned it is not necessary to inquire whether he was or was not aware of Houseman's interest. M'Intyre's conduct leads strongly to the conclusion that he was not deceived, and that he knowingly betrayed the interest of the owners. But he is no party to this dispute. 'The question is between the owners and Houseman; and certainly his claim would not be strengthened by showing that he concealed his interest from M'Intyre, and obtained his confidence by leading him to believe that he had no interest in the question of salvage.
However this, may be, M'Intyre was 'induced by some means or other to refer the matter to the arbitrament of two men, by the name of Otis and Johnson, who are described in the survey held on the North Carolina as shipmasters. But we have no account of the characters or standing of these men; nor of the nature of their business and pursuits at the Indian Key: nor have we and thing in the record to show how far their judgment and impartiality could be relied upon in the matter referred.
The referees thus chosen awarded thirty-five per cent. on the vessel and cargo; and thereupon the cotton brought bythe Hyder Ally, together with so much in addition from the North Carolina, as made up the number of one hundred and twenty-two bales, were immediately landed and put into the warehouse of Houseman in payment of the salvage on the cargo, and M'Intyre gave Smith one hundred dollars in cash, and a draft on hig consignees for six hundred dollars in payment of the salvage on the vessel; and it is said in the testimony, that Houseman gave. Smith the money for the draft.' As soon as the affair of the salvage was

44

SUPREME COURT.

[Houseman v. The Schooner North Carolina.]
settled, M'Intyre proceeded with the North Carolina on the voyage to Charleston.
Upon his arrival there, however, it would seem that his consignees were not satisfied with what he had done; and on the 18th of May following, Oliver O'Hara, the present appellee, as agent for J. & C. Lawton, the consignees of the vessel, filed his libel on the admiralty side of the Superior Court for the southern judicial district of Florida, stating, generally, that a part of the cotton composing the cargo of the North Carolina had been taken from her while lying on the Florida reef by the wrecking schooner Hyder Ally, Joshua B. Smith, master; which together with the North Carolina was carried into the harbour of Indian Key, where a large portion of the said cotton was still kept, and illegally detained from the libellant; and he prayed process against the cotton in,order that it might be delivered to him. We do not profess to give the words of the libel, and state its substance in order to show that it was altogether a proceeding in rem; it did not allege that any particular person was in possession of the cotton or cldimed it, but metely that it was unlawfully detained.
Process was issued accordingly, and seventy-two bales of cotton attached under it. Houseman appeared as claimant, ann upon his application, it was d~livered to him upon stipulation, being valued by agreement of parties at the sum of $2,376, and the security entered for that sum.
It is not necessary to state at large .the further proceedings which took place in the Superior Court; nor the amendments and alterations which were afterwards made by both parties in the Territorial Court of Appeals. The pleadings and proceedings areimperfect and irregular in both courts. The particular defects which have been supposed to be material will hereafter be noticed. The Superior Court of the Territory upon the final heaiing decreed restitution of the seventy-two bales above mentioned; and H'ouseman appealed froni this decree to the Court of Appeals of the Territory, where new pleadings were filed on both sides, and where the libellant proceeded for the one hundred and twenty-two bales taken in salvage, and charged that it was forcibly and wrongfully taken, and claimed damages for the marine tort. The ,ourt of Appeals sustained his claim for the

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

45

[Houseman v. The Schooner North Carolina.]

whole amount of the cotton, with interest and costs; increasing in its decree the valuation of the seventy-two bales beyond the sum for which the stipulation was taken in the Superior Court; and from this decree Houseman has appealed to this Court.
Three questions have been raised here in the argument. 1. Was the transaction in relation to the salvage an honest and fair one; and are the acts of the captain of 'the North Carolina binding upon the owners of the vessel and cargo ? 2. Was the matter in controversy within the jurisdiction of the Court of Admiralty? 3. Assuming those two points to be in favour of the libellants, is there any thing in the form of the proceedings and pleadings, which will bar him of his right to recover? Upon the first question, we have no doubt that there may be ceses in which the contract of the captain in relation to the amount of salvage to be paid to the salvors; or his agreement to refer the question to arbitrators, would bind the owners. In times of disaster it is always his duty to exercise his best judg-. ment, and to use his best exertions for the benefit. of the owners of both vessel and cargo; and when, from his situation, .he is unable to consult them or their agent, without an inconvenient and injurious delay, it is in his power to compromise a question of salvage; and he is not bound in all cases to wait for the decision-of a Court of Admiralty. So, too, when the salvage service has not been important, and the compensation demanded is a small one, it may often be the interest of the owners, that the amount should be settled at once by-the captain, and the vessel proceed on her voyage, without waiting even a day for the purpose of consulting them. But in all such cases, unless the acts of the captain are ratified by the owners, his conduct will be carefully watched and scrutinized by the Court, and.his contracts will not be regarded as binding upon the parties boncerned, unless they appear to have been bona fide, and such as a discreet owner placed in the like circumstances, would probably have made. If he settles the amount by agreement, those who claim under it must show that the salvage allowed was reasonable and just. If he refers it to arbitrators, those who claim the benefit of the award must show that the procedings-were fair, and the referees worthy of the trust.

46

SUPREME COURT.

[Houseman v. The Schooner North Carolina.]

But in this case the conduct of the captain is without excuse. The salvage demanded was exorbitant. The danger of the North Carolina was by no means imminent when shq,was discovered by the Hyder Ally; nor did the latter incur any hazard in going to her relief. The weather was moderate, and she floated in a few hours, as soon as one hundred and ten bales of cotton were taken from *her. She had sustained but very little injury, and was found to be in a condition to proceed with safety on her voyage without any repairs. And if the one hundred and ten bales, 'instead of being delivered to the wrecking schooner, had been thrown overboard, the North Carolina would have floated, and might have proceeded directly on her voyage. But if these agreements and this award are to be carried into execution, ihe owners of the cargo lose one hundred and twenty-two bales, instead of one hundred and ten. The vessel is also charged with seven hundred dollars; and the commissions and expenses paid to Houseman, amount to nearly two hundred more: so that according to this arrangement at Indian Key, the owners would actually lose between twelve and thirteen hundred dollars, by the interference of the Hyder Ally; and they would have saved that much money, if their vessel had been let alone, and had been compelled to relieve herself from the reef, by throwing the one hundred and ten bales into the ocean. . Where a demand so unreasonable was made upon the captain of the North Carolina, it was his duty to have proceeded to a port of entry, and to have brought the subject before the proper tribunal; at the same time, advising the owners or consignees of the vessel, of what had happened, in order that they might have an opportunity of attending to their own interests. He could, in a very few days, have communicated from Key West, with either Charleston or Appalachicola; and no reason whatever is assigned for this hurried and extraordinary settlement at the Indian Key. The fact that the settlement was made at such a place,. under such circumstances, without proceeding to Key West, or some other port of entry, and without communicating with the persons interested, would of itself have been a badge of fraud; and if the amount allowed to the salvors, had been fir less, it would yet have required clear and satisfactory proof that

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

47

[Houseman v.The Schooner North Carolina.]

it was reasonable and moderate, and for the interest of the
owners, before it would be sanctioned in a Court of Admiralty. But the transactions at the Indian Key were evidently in bad
faith. In the first place, Houseman, the present claiiant of the cotton, becomes the consignee of the vessel and cargo, and takes upon himself to represent, the interest of the owners, when he himself is a partner with the salvors, and has a direct interest in pushing the salvage to the highest possible amount. And then, as if to give the appearance of fairness to the transaction, on his part, and as if conscious 1hat it would need all the support that would be given to it, he endeavours to account for making the settlement at Indian Key, by showing that he and Smith, the master of the Hyder Ally, both advised M'Intyre to go to Key West, and 'that he positively refused; and so sensible are the parties concerned of the suspicions which such a settlement, made at such a place, would bring upon them, that a certificate is taken from M'Intyre, declaring that he had submitted to the arbitration of his own free will, and was satisfied with the award. Now if any good reason had been assigned to the salvors by M'Intyre, for his refusal to go elsewhere- to settle the salyage,
the Court might give some weight to their advice, and his refusal. But how does his refusal, without any sufficient reason, strengthen the cause of the claimant. M'Intyre, himself, is strongly implicated in this transaction; and his acts and declarations cannot be received to prove the innocence of those with whom he was associated. This advice and this refusal to follow it, without any apparent reason, on the part of M'Intyre, together with the certificate given to Smith, look very much like contrivances to give the colour of fairness and frank dealing to a transaction, which in truth was one of an opposite character. The mode of settlement also, is exceedingly suspicious. M'Intyre exercises no judgment upon the value of the salvage service, but it is referred. Yet, he does not appear to have known any thing about the referrees, nor have we any account of their characters, or of their fitness for such a trust. They are called shipmasters, in the survey held on the North Carolina; but we do not learn from the testimony, what kind of vessels they commanded, nor
what was their business at that time, at Indian Key. If M'Intyre meant to deal justly with his owners, how could

48

SUPREME COURT.

[Houseman v. The Schooner North Carolina.]
he- refer so grave a matter to men of whom he knew nothing, and whose situation obviously placed all their feelings and partialities on the other side. If Houseman, his consignee, made the selection for him, then both of the arbitrators were, in fact, selected by the salvors, and in that case, we ought not to b1e surprised at the extravagance of the avard.
Upon the whole, it is clear, 1st, That M'Intyre had no authority to bind his owners by the settlement at Indian Key. 2d, That the settlement relied on by the claimant, was fraudulently made; and, 3d, That the salvors, by their conduct, have forfeited all claim to compensation, even for the service actually rendered; and the owners are entitled to recover the value of all the cotton-delivered for salvage, at Indian Key.
This brings us to the second inquiry, was the 'matter in controversy, within the jurisdiction of the Court of Admiralty ?
Now, the matter in dispute, is merely a question of salvage. A vessel stranded on a reef, extending into the ocean, and, in order to relieve her, another vessel came alongside, and took off a part of her cargo, which has been detained, together with a further portion of the cargo, for salvage. The points in controversy are, whether salvage is due, and if due, how much? Upon such questions, there can be no doubt of the jurisdiction of a Court of Admiralty; nor of its authority to proceed in rem, and attach the property detained. The Admiralty is the only Court where such a question can be tried; for what other Court, but a Court of Admiralty, has jurisdiction to try a question of salvage? The claimant in this case, was a partner with those actually engaged in the salvage service. The seventy-two bales of cotton attached, were still in his hands; and the residue bad been sold by him; and whether his purchase from his partners, mentioned in the testimony, was real or colourable, he must be regarded as one of the original wrongdoers, who detains on land property, taken at sea, apon a"claim of salvage, to which he has no title. In the case of Peisch and others v. Ware and others, 4 Cranch, 347, which, in principle, is perfectly analogous to this, (so far. as the point of jurisdiction is concerned,) the power of the Court of Admiralty does not appear to have been questioned either by the Court, or at the bar.
The third and last point remains to be considered-whether

JANUARY- TERM, 1841.

49

[Houseman v. The Schooner North Carolina.]

there is any thing in the form of proceeding, or in the pleadings,

sufficient to bar the recovery of the libellant.

An objection has been taken to the right of the appellee to

sue in his own name, as agent for the consignees, or to sue at all;

as his power of attorney from them bears date after the libel

was filed; and it has also been objected, that J. and C. La-ton,

the consignees, had no right to institute proceedings to recover

any thing more than their proportion of the cargo shipped on

their own account.

No authority has been produced in support of these objec-

tions; and we consider it as well settled 'in admiralty proceed-

ings, that the agent of absent owners may libel either in his own

name, as agent, or in the name of his principals, as he thinks

best; that the power of attorney, subsequent to the libel, is a

sufficient ratification of what he had before done in their behalf;

and that the consignees had such an interest in the whole cargo,

that they may lawfully proceed in this case, not only forwhat

belonged to them, and was shipped on their account, but for that

portion also which was shipped by Porter, as his own, and con-

signed to them.

We have already said that the pleadings are exceedingly ir-

regular. The goods were lawfully taken from the North Caro-

lina, in order to relieve her from distress; and there is no room

for supposing that either force or fraud was used by the Hyder

Ally in order to obtain them; salvage had undoubtedly been

earned; and when these proceedings were instituted, the real

dispute was whethe" the fraudulent conduct of the salvors had

forfeited their claim to salvage; and. if it had not, how much

was justly due. It is singular enough, that neither the libel nor

the claim put in by Houseman, make the slightest mention of

the real controversy; and it is not until the case is in the appel-.

late Court, that the pleadings disclose the matter in dispute.

And it is proper here, to say, that if the Court upon the testi-

mony of the witnesses, had entertained any doubt as to the true

character of the transactions at the Indian Key, that doubt would

have been removed by the evasive answers of Houseman. Thiey

indicate, in a way too plain, to be mistaken, his unwillingness to

disclose the manner in which he obtained the cotton, which had

been attached by the marshal; and his desire to conceal his

VOL. XV.-E

7

SUPREME COURT.
[Houseman v. The Schooner N6rth Carolina.]
partnership concern with the Hyder Ally, and his interest in the salvage obtained from the North Carolina.
It is not necessary to remark upon the defects in the pleadings in the Superior Court of the territory where the proceedings were originally instituted; because the parties had a right to make any amendments in the appellate Court that were required to bring forward the merits of the case: and the remaining question is, whether the amendments 'allowed exceeded these limits; and whether a new case was not presented there, different- from that which was carried up by appeal.
There were seventy-two bales of cotton condemned by the decree of the Superior Court. The libel claimed an indefinite number, but only seventy-two were attached; and as the proceeding was altogether in rem, and the 'libellant did not claim the value of the cotton sold, nor allege that any had been sold; the only relief he was entitled to, was the condemnation of these seventy-two bales. The claimant appealed from this decree; the libellant did not appeal. The case, theiefore, carried up, was the controversy about the seventy-two bales; the libellant resting satisfied with the decree which condemned them, and the claimant seeking to reverse it. This was the.res in controversy; and in so far as these seventy-two bales were concerned, either party was authorized to make amendments, or to introduce new evi dence, in order to support his title in the appellate Couit. But the libellant could not introduce a new subject of controversy; and the amendment which brought into the case the additional. fifty bales, was the introduction of a new res, which did not go up by the appeal; and could not be originally instituted in an appellate Court. We think that this amendment is not justified by admiralty practice; although it is well known that the most liberal principles prevail in Admiralty Courts, in relation to amendments. The same may be said of that part of the libel in the Court of Appeals, which is against the claimant in personam, in order to recover damages for a marine tort, in addition to the value of the property withheld. There was no such -charge made by the libellant in the Superior Court, nor any decree made there in relation to such damages; and no such question could therefore be carried up by the appeal of the

JANUARY TERM, 18,11.

51

[Houseman v. The Schooner North Carolina.]

claimant. It was a new claim, and originated in the Court of Appeals.
Neither was the appellate Court authorized to fix a higher value upon the seventy-two bales than that for which the stipulation was taken. It was a substitute for the cotton delivered to the complainant; and upon the appeal, stood in the place of it,. and represented it in the appellate Court. It could not, therefore, be put aside, and a new valuation substituted in its place.
It follows, from these principles, that the decree of the appellate Court was erroneous. But there was certainly enough in the pleadings to authorize the Court to affirm the decree of the Superior Court, for the seventy-two bales; and the evidence would most abundantly justify such a decree. And as we have no doubt that the value of the remaining fifty bales are justly due fiom the claimant, the decree will be reversed, without prejudice to the rights of the parties interested in these fifty bales; and the right reserved to them to proceed, by a new libel in the proper Court, to assert their claims.
The decree of the Court of Appeals for the territory of Florida, must therefore be reversed, and the case remanded to the said Court, with directions to enter a decree for the value of the seventy-two bales of cotton, as fixed by the stipulation, with interest from the date of that instrument, and costs ; reserving to the owners, or othdrs interested in the cargo of the North Carolina, the right to institute proceedings, in the proper Cdurt of Admiralty, to recover the value of the remaining fifty bales. with interest and costs.

JANUARY TERM, 1841.
OLIVER O'HARA AND OTHERS, APPELLANTS, v. THE UNITED, STATES, APPELLEES.
A claim for land in East Florida, granted by Governor White to Daniel O'Hara, rejected by the Superior Court of East Florida, and the decree of that Court affirmed.
Governor White, on the petition of Daniel O'Hara, soliciting a grnt of fifteen thousand acres, made a decree granting "the lands solicited" "at the place indicated," "in conformity with the number iforkers which he may have to cultivate them, the corresponding number of acres may be surveyed t9 him," "and that he will take possession of said land in six moiths from the date of the grant." Held, that this is a decree not granting fifteen thousand acres as asked for; but so much at the place where it is asked for as shall be surveyed in conformity with the number of workers the grantee may have to cultivate the land; the quantity could be determined by the regulation of the Governor, made the month after the grant, and determining the quantity of land to be surveyed according to the number of persons in the family of the grantee, slaves included. That the grant was made before the date of the regulation, makes no dillvrence.
No settlement was made on the anas claimed under the grant. The building of a house on the land, is but evidence of an intention to. make a settlement, but was not e settlement; which required the removal of persons or workers to the land, and cultivating it.
No claim for the land can be sustained under a grant, or confirmation of a prior grant, made by a decree of Governor Coppinger in 1819, as the same was substantially a violation of the treaty with Spain, which confirms only grants made before the 24th January, 1819. The prior grant to O'Hara having become void by the nonperformance of the conditions annexed to it, the decree of Governor Coppinger in 1818, was an attempt to make a new grant.
If the grant were not void from the non-performance of the conditions-of settlement annexed to it, the omission to have the land surveyed and returned to the proper office, would make it void, unless the grantee had made a settlement; in which event, a survey would be presumed. 9!he grant was made in the "district of Nassau," &c.; this was an indefinite description of the land ; as was held in Buyck v. The United States, decided at this term.
ON appeal from the Superior Court of East Fliida.
In the Superior Court of East Florida, Oliver O'Hara, for himself and for the other heirs of Daniel O'Hara, presented a petition praying for the confirmation of a grant of fifteen thousand acres of land made by Henry White, then the Spanish

276

SUPREME COURT.

[O'Hara et al.v. The United States]

Governor of East Florida, on the 5th of September, 1803, to Daniel O'Hara, the father of,the petitioners; and which was alleged to have been confirmed on the 3d of September, 1818, by
the Spanish Governor Coppinger. The grant; and the proceedings on the same are fully stated in
the opinion of the Court. Mr. Downing appeared as counsel for the appellants.

Mr. Gilpin, for the United States, contended: The evidence of this grant isa. certificate of Tomas de Aguilar, in the form of that commented upon in the case of The United States v.. Wigginsi 14 Peters, 345. If this document be regarded as sufficient to establish the fact; that such a concession was actually made by Governor White ; still there is no proof either of possession, or survey, or citizenship of the claimant; all of which were necessary to perfect a grant in Florida, to any quantity of land whatever. The memorial of the claimant to Governor White, is dated the 3d September, 1803. He says that he has but lately become an inhabitant of the province, and that he "intends to settle" there. Two days afterwards he receives this grant, and on the same day leaves the province, to which, so far as the record shows, he never returned. Early in June, 1804, nine months subsequent to the concession, an agent at St. Augustine writes to him, as the record shows, urging him to " take p. ssession of his lands" which he had not then done. On the 26th of June, in the same year, we have the decree of the District Court of the United States at Savannah, in an admiralty proceeding, where the claimant is a party. This shows that the brig Chance, being bound a regular voyage from Jamaica to South Carolina with some negroes on board, had been captured by a French privateer and recaptured by a British cruiser, and subsequently ransomed by the claimant. It is alleged that these negroes were the property of the claimant, who intended to place them on the tract lately granted to him in Florida; but no evidence of such intention is given; and if it existed it never was carried into effect, although the decree of the Court of Admiralty was in his favour A witness, Francis Marien, was produced to prove that, soon after the grant, the claimant attempted a settlement; but it

J IfUARY TKRM, 1841.

277

[O'Hara et aL v. The United State-]
appears from his cross examination, that he knew only, "from geueral information, that lands weie granted to the claimant in Eat Florida; that the claimant informed him he had engaged ,a carpenter; and that the carpenter told hima he was employed for the purpose of building a house ;" there is no evidence whatever of such a house being commenced or built. From this time, until August, 1821, after the actual cession of the Floridas, .there is no evidence of an attempt by the claimant at settlement
and possession; in Rletter then written to him from St. Augustine it is said that "endeavours will be used to put a family on his lands at Nassau, to begin a settlement and take possession, which is very necessary should be done." That it was done, then, or subsequently, is neither asserted nor proved. It is clear,. therefore, that at'no time did the claimant occupy or settle 9n. the land alleged to be granted to him. . Nor.wais it ever surveyed so as to perfect the grant. The survey, by the authorized public surveyor, was an essential requisite to every grant under the Spanish land lw.-2.White's New Rec. 2d0. 238. 278. ' The order of survey accompanied or shortly followed the concession. None such is pioduced withi this graft. Parol testimony, taken after this suit began, was introducea to establish, if possible, a survey in 1811; but the survey, if made, is not produced, nor is there any evidence that it was so made by the direction of any competent authority. In March, 1819, after the date of the treaty ceding the Floridas to the United States, a survey was made. It is that now relied on by the claimant. It was not only made without any authority, but when an, order for asurvey.was solicited from Governor Coppinger, it was refused. Had the order been then granted, the survey would have been illegal, as was ruled by this Court, in the case of The United States v. Clarke, 8 Peters, 468; but, s6 fal from being granted, it. was explicitly refused.'
Spanish citizenship *as an indispensable requisite to the validity of a grant. The oath of allegiance was required as a primary cdndition. 2 White's New Ree.232.2"77. In a despatch of Governor White' to the Marquis of Someruelos, 2 White's. New Rec. 258. 250, he comments, in strong language, on the course pursued by persons who came into the province, hastily
took the oath of allegiance, and immediately left it. He declares VOL. XV.-2 A

SUPREME COURT
[O'Hara et al. v. The United States.]
such a proceeding to be an abandonment of the land granted to them. The evidence in this case -shows such a proceeding on the part of the claimant. In the admiralty suit at Savannah, he declared himself to be, in June, 1804, a citizen of the United States'. He always resided there ; never in Florida. Was not this clearly an abandonment of any privileges he might have obtained by a short and temporary residence in Florida in 1803?
But if the grant had bden perfected by survey and possession, what was its character? The claimant urges that it was a grant to him of fifteen thousand acres of land, and he asks to be confirmed in such a grant. But what says the cnn.cession of Governor White, on whidh he relies? It permits him to occupy lands, at the place indicated, "until the time when, in conformity to the number of workmen whom he may have to cultivate them, the cbrresponding number of acres may be surveyed to him;" and it requires that he shall "take Possession of the said land within the term of six months from the date" of the concession. The grant was thus conditional, altogether, on the fact of possession within six months; the evidence is clear ihat there was-no possession whatever, at any time. But had he takeri possession, the quantity'granted still remained conditiondl; it depended on the number of workers, according to the regulations which'were freely discuhsed and passed upon by this Court, in the case of *The United States v. Wiggins, 14 Peters, 341.351. Where there were*no workers, there could not be "a corresponding number of acres surveyed" to the grantee. By his failure' to introduce them,'Ihe abandoned his grant; it became "of no value or effect, and should'be consi'dered as not made," 2 White's New Rec. 284. The argument, that it was revived by Governor Coppinger, in 1819, cannot be maintained. If it had been so revived, it would be subject to the original terms of settlement and cultivation by a proportionate number of workers, which have never been complied with to this day. Bt it was not so revived, and could not be. When the claimant applied to Goverfdor Coppinger for an order of survey under the original grant, the end6rsement of the Governor was, "not .admitted." Had it been admitted, it would have been a violation of the eighth article of the treaty, 6 Laws of United States, 618; 2 White's Nhw Ree. 210, which declared all grants made since the 24th January, 1818, void; for

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

279

[O'Hara.et al. v. The United States.]
such an act of Governor Coppinger would have been clearly a new grant, subsequent to that day, the former one, of 1803, having become totally void by the conduct of the grantee himself:

Mr. Justice WAYNE delivered the opinion of the Court. Appeal from the Superior Court of Eapt Florida. The appellants are the heirs of" Daniel O'Hara, and they claim the land in controversy, in virtue of an alleged grant, dated the 5th of September, 1803. The grant was adjudged in the Court below, not valid. The memorial for the grant; order of Governor White, to the commandant of engineers, to report upon it; the report of that officer; and the decree of the Governor; are as follow:

His EXCELLENCY THE GovERNoR :

Don Daniel O'Hara, lately admitted an inhabitant of this province, under the protection of his Catholic Majesty, with due respect represents. to your excellency, that intending to settle in this province with a considerable property and his large family, after having ascertained that all, or the greatest -number of all those who had petitioned for lands, have solicited to have. them located in the southern district, in the vicinity of Musquito -river, and after having consulted many neighbours in reference to 'va. cant lands, as has no wish to enter into disagreeable litigation with.other petitioners, or to injure them in any way, he begs of your excellency, be -pieased-to grant him fifteen thousand acres of land out of those lands which are vacafnt between the' rivers St. John and St. Marys, in the place called Nassau, and in case the .said vacant lands do not comprehend the number of acres he solicits, he begs your excellency to have the goodness, when thd survey will take place, to grant him the deficiency on the river

St. Marys, and he obligbtes himself .to take possession of the

said lands within the term of six months; which favour, he

doubts not, he will receive from the noble munificence of your

excellency

DANIEL O'HARA.

St. .Rugustine of Florida,third of September, one thousand ,eighthundred and three.

280

SUPREME COURT.

[O'Haraet aL.v. The United States.]

DECR az.
St. .dugustine, 3d September, 1803. engineer inform on the subject.

Let the commandant
WHITE.

Having taken cognisance of the petition, and in obedience to

-the preceding decree, I represent to your excellency, that the

culture of the lands solicited by the petitioner does not interfere

with the defence of the province,, therefore, as far as the depart-

ment of fortifications is concerned, your excellency may grant

to him the number of acres you see fit. This is all I have to

represent to your excellency, who will determine according to

your pleasure.

NICOLAS BARCELO.

St. d'ugustine of Florida,5th September, 1803.

DECREE.

St. dugustine, of Florida, 5th September, one thousan'a

eight hundred and three.

The lands solicited by the petitioner are hereby granted to him

iii the place indicated, without prejudice to a third party, and until the time whe4, in conformity to the number-8f workers whom

he may have to cultivate them, the corresponding number of

acres may be surveyed to him; it being well understood that he shall not claim indemnity for damages or losses in the case; that

under the apprehension of an invasion, or other motives relating

to the royal service, he'be ordered to retire in the interior of the

province-, and that he will take possession of the said land

within the term of six months from this date.

WHITE.

It will be perceved that the memorialist asks for fifteen thousand acres, as it.is his intention, with his vast property and numerous family, to settle in the province. He asks-for it atthe place called Nassau, and if it cannot be found vacant there, when the survey is made, that the deficiency may be granted on the river St. Marys; and he obliges himself to take possession within six months. The decree of the Governor is, the lands "solicited by the petitioner, are hereby granted to him in the place indicated;" "in conformity to the number of workers which he may have to cultivate them, the corresponding number of acres may be surveyed to him" "and that he will take possession of said land within the .term of six months from this date."

JANUIARY TERM, 1841.

281

[O'Hara et a.v. The United Se.]

It is badecree, then, not granting fifteen thousand acres as asked

for, but so much in the place where it is asked for, as-shall be

surveyed, in confbrmity to the number of workers he may have

to cultivate the land; and as to what that quantity should be,-

there is no uncertainty, for we have the regulation of Governor

'White, promulgated by him, the month aftei the dte of the'

decree; which states, to each head of a family of a new setler,

there shall be granted Ffty acres of land, and an equal quantity

to a single person, widow or widower, and to the children or

slaves of sixteen years of age, twenty-five acres each. This

regulation, then, determines, in that *respect, .whatthe Governor.

intended to grant; and the conclusion that the grant was to

be in conformity with the regulation, cannot be shaken by the

suggestion that the decreewas made before the date of the regu-

lation, as it might be, if the grant had been for fifteen thousand

acres in terms. There is no grant for any quantity; when it is

found that The decree is restrained to a right to be determined by

the number of workers whici the memorialist shall have, that

the Governor had -the- power to make a grant ivith such a re-

striction, and that so shortly after the decree was made, as the

following-month, he promulgated a general ruI6 for grants to-new

settlers; the inference is good, until it is contiadicted by some'other

fact, or other regulation applying to newsettlers, that the memo-

rialist was to take under the decree in his favour, as contemporary

new settlers would have to take. The meinorialist never made

a settlement. The witness, Mlarien, says, he did attempt a settle-

ment; that a house was -buit;and that O'Hara informed.him her

had employed a carpenter to build it; but the memorialist never

took his family, nor negroes to the land. The construction of a

lhbuse was no compliance with the condition of the grant. That

act itself, could not, under the regulation, give a right to any

number of acres. The right vested upon the persons, black and

white, who might be carried to make a settlement. The house

is good evidence of an intention to settle with persons; blot if the

evidence discloses the fact, that no persons or workers were ever

taken to it; that cultivation was not begun, the inference is made

the stronger, that the rights of the memorialist under the decree

were abandoned.

The record discloses an attempt bythe memorialist, immediately

2A2

36

282

SUPREME COURT.

[O'Haraet a]. v. The United Stat..]

after the decree of the Governor, to get negroes from Tamaica for a settlement; and that the vessel in which they were embarked, was taken into Savannah and libelled in admiralty: but the proceedings in admiralty d6 not show that the memori.alist .was deprived; ultimately, of the negroes; and if he was not, and the negroes were restored, no cause is shown why they were not taken to Florida. But if they were not restored, it will scarcely be contended that an unfortunate attempt to carry negroes to take possession of the land,'fulfils the intention of a grant, the quantity of which is to depend upon the number of workers actually employed in cultivation. But there was not only a failure to settle in this case, there was an actuar abandonment. We hear nothing of the memorialist, or of any attempt to settle the land, from the spring of 1804 until 1819. There never was a survey of any land, by authority, though one is alluded to; until March, 1819 ; and that was made without the orde- of the Spanish authorities in Florida. Indeed, it was done against authority; for we find from the testimony in the cause, that O'Hara petitioned Governor Coppinger-on the 2.0th April) 1819, within a few months of sixteen years after GoVernor White's decree had been given upon his memorial, for an order of survey upon the decree, and that it was refused. We have, then, in this fact, a denial of the memorialist's right to the land by a Governor of Florida. There can be nu doubt it was looked upon by Governor Coppinger as abandoned; and that the right to the same was lost under the 9th article of Governor White's regulations, already spoken of as contemporary with the decree upon the memorial of O'Hara. 2 White's New Rec. 278. It is not necessary for us to speak of a subsequent attempt, by O'Hara, to introduce negroes into Florida, in 1819, and its failure. This right to the land originally asked for, had ceased; he could make no claim under the decree of September, 1803: and a revival of the old grant by the Spanish authorities would have been substantially a violation of the treaty with Spain, wlhich only confirms grants made before the 24th Ianuary, 1818.
. With this view of the case, we think the decree of the Court
below should be affirmed, But, if the right of the appellants had not been'lost by their
neglect to settle thd land with workers, we shoula say, the grant

ANUARY TERM, 1841

263

[O'Hara et aL v. The United States]
itself *as too indefinite to convey any land, unless a survey had been made, and had been recognised by the Spanish authoriti's; or unless the grahtee had settled and occupied land under that decree, in which event a survey might be presumed. The memorialist asks for lands in the place called Nassau; and 'in the event of the whole quantity not being got there, for the' deficiency to be made up on the river St. Marys. Sch a place as the place called Nassau is noz known, unless is meant by it all the land between-Nassau river and the St. Johns and St. Marys. It is equidistant, or nearly so,-from those. rivers, and wends its way to the Atlantic, in a course ot fifty or sixty miles. If the land is to be taken on the Nassau, where shall a survey be begun, and on what -part of the St. Marys shall the deficiency in quantity be taken, supposing that a part can be found in the "rplace called Nassau." The St. Marys .is known as the boundary between Florida and Georgia; and that its head; or source, is on the Oquafanoche swamp. It is navigable for a hundred miles from its mouth to the Atlantic, between Cumberland. and Amelia islands. Where, then, shall a survey begin in this range, under this decree. It is no answer to say, the decree is for vacant land; and if there is vacant land there now, a survey could be made; for the place where the suirvey is to'be made, must first be made certain, if not as to fixed boundaries, at least so certain, by evidence of general or popular apprehension, 'as to show what was the grantor's notion of the limits of country within which he intended to grant. Unless, then, b.survey can be made of the original grant, in the place called Nassau, the alternative for any deficiency on the St. Marys river cannot be shown; which alone would entitle the memorialist to land there. This grant is therefore void, on account of uncertainty. It is not made,.as the Court said in the case of Buyck v. United States, decided at this term, in such a way as to distinguish it from things of a like kind; nor has the identity of the grant been shown by extraneous evidence.
The judgment of the Court is affirmed.

518

SUPREME COURT.

THE UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS, V. THE LIBELLANTS AND
CLAIMANTS OF THE SCHOONER AMISTAD, HER TACKLE, A.P-
PAREL, AND FURNITURE, TOGETHER WITH HER CARGO, AND
THE AFRICANS MENTIONED AND DESCRIBED IN THE SEVERAL
LIBELS AND CLAIMS, APPELLEES.
The Spanish schooner Amistad, on the 27th day of June, 1839, cleared out from Havana, in Cuba, for Puerto Principe, in the same island, having on board, Cgp. tain Ferrer, and Ruiz and Montez, Spanish subjects. Captain Ferrer had on board Antonio, a slave; Ruiz had forty-nine negroes; Montez had four negroes, which were claimed by them as slaves, and stated to be their property, in passports or documents, signed by the Governor General of Cuba. In fact, these African negroes had been, a very short time before they were put on board the Amistad, brought into Cuba, by Spanish slave traders, in direct contravention of the treaties between Spain and Great Britain, and in violation of the laws of Spain. On tie voyage of the Amistad, the negroes rose, killed the captain, and took possession of the vessel. They spared the lives of Ruiz and Montez, on condition that they would aid in steering the Amistad for the coast of Africa, or to some place where negro slavery was not permitted by the laws of the country. Ruiz and Montez deceived the negroes, who were totally ignorant of navigation, and steered the Amistad for the United States; and she arrived off Long Island, in the state of New York, on the 26th of August, and anchored within half a mile of the shore. Some of the negroes went on shore to procure supplies of water -and provisions, and the vessel was then discovered by the'United States brig Washington. Lieutenant Gedney, commanding the Washington assisted by his officers and crew, took possession of the Amistad, and of the negroes on shore and in the vessel, brought them into the District of Connecticut, and there libelled the vessel, the cargo, and the negroes for salvage. Libels for. salvage were also presented in the District Court of the United States, for the District of Connecticut, by persons who had aided, as they alleged, in capturing the negroes on shore on Long Island, and contributed to the vessel, cargo, and negroes being taken into possession by the brig Washington. Ruiz and Montez filed claims to the negroes as their slaves, and prayed that they, and parts of the cargo of the Amistad, might be delivered to them, or to the representatives of the crown of Spain. The attorney of the District of Connecticut filed an information stating that the Minister of Spain had claimed of the government of the United States that the vessel, cargo, and slaves should be restored, under the provisions of the treaty between the United States and Spain, the same having arrived within the limits and jurisdiction of the United States, and had been taken possession of by a public armed vessel 9f the United States, under such circumstances as made it the duty of the United States to cause them to be restored to the true owners thereof. The information asked that the Court would make such order as would enable the United States to comply with the treaty ; or, if it should appear that the negroes had been

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

519

[The United States v. The Amistad.]
brought from Africa,' in violation of the laws of the United States, that the Court would make an order for the removal of the negroes to Africa, according to the laws of the United States. A claim for Antonio was filed by the Spanish consul, on. behalf of the representatives of Captain Ferrer, and claims are also filed by-merchants of Cuba for parts of the cargo of the vessel, denying salvage, and asserting their right to have the same delivered to them under, the treaty. The negroes, Antonio excepted, filed an answer denying that they were slaves, or the property of Rui7, or Montez; and denying the right of the Court under the Constitution and laws df the United States to exercise any jurisdiction over their persons: ' They asserted thit they were native free-korn Africans, and ought of right to be free; that they had been, in April 1839, kidnapped in Africa, and had been carried in a vessel engaged in the slave trade from the coast of Africa to Cuba, for the purpose of being sold; and that Ruiz and Montex, knowing these facts, had purchased them, put them on beard the Amistad, intending to carry them to be held as slaves for life, to another part of Cuba, and that, on the voyage, they rose on the master, took possession of the vessel, and were intending to proceed to Africa, or to some free etate, when they were taken possession of by the United States armed vessel, the Washington. After evidence had been given by the parties, and all the documents of the vessel and cargo, with the alleged passports, and the clearance from Havana had been produced, the District Court made a decree, by which all claims to salvage of the negroes were rejected, and salvage amounting to one-third of the vessel and cargo, was allowed to Lieutenant Gedney, and the officers and crew of the Washingon. The claim of the representatives of Captain Ferrer, to Antonio, was allowed: the claims of Ruiz and Montez being included in the claim of the Spanish minister, 4nd of the minister of Spain, to the negroes is slaves, or to have them delivered to the Spanish minister, under the treaty, to be sent to Cuba, were rejected: and the Court decreed that the negroes should be delivered to the President of the United States, to be sent to Africa, pursuant to the act of Congress of 3d March, 1819. From this decree the District Attorney of the United States appealed to the Circuit Court, except so far as the same related to Antonio. The owners of*the cargo of the Amistad also appealed from that part of the decree which allowed salvage on their goods. Ruiz' or Monte'z did not appeal, nor did the representatives of the owner of the Amistad. The Circuit Court of Connecticut, by a pro forma decree, affirmed the decree of the District Court, reserving the question of salvage on the merchandise on board the Amistad. The United States appealed from this decree. The decree of the Circuit Court was affirmed; saving that part of the same, which directed the negroes to be delivered to tWe President of the United States, to be sent to Africa; which was reyereed,,and the negroes were declared to be free. The sixth article of the treaty with Spain, of 1795, continued in full force, in this particular, by the treaty ratified in 1821, seems to have had principally in view, cases where the property of the subjects of either state, had been taken possession of within the territorial jurisdiction of the other, during war. The eighth article provides for cases where the shipping of the inhabitants of either state are forced, through stress of weather, pursuit of pirates, or enemies, or any other urgent necessity, to seek shelter in ho ports of the other. There may well be some doubts entertained whether the case of the Amistad, in its actual circumstances, falls within the purview of this article. The ninrh article of the treaty provides, that all- ships and merchandise, which shall

520

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. The Amistad.]

be rescued out of the hands of any pirates and robbers, on the high seas, which

shall be brought into some poi of either state, shall be delivered to the officers of the

port in order to be taken car-- of, and "restored entire to the proprietary, as soon as

due and sufficient proof shall be made concerning the property thereof." 'To bring

the case of the Amistad within this article, it is essential to establish: First, that the

negroes, under all the circumstances, Fall within the description of merchandise, in

the sense of the treaty. Secondly, That there has been a rescue of them on the

high seas, out of the hands-of piates and robbers. Thirdly, That Ruiz and Montez

are the true proprietor of the negroes, and have established their title by competent

proofs. If those negroes were, at the time, lawfully held as slat-es under the laws

of Spain, and recognised by those laws as property capable of being bought and

sold, no reason is seen why this may, not be deemed, within the intent of the t-eaty,

to be included under the denomination of merchandise, and ought, as such, to be re-

stored to the claimants; for upon that point the laws of Spain would seem to furnish

the proper rule of interpretation. fBut, admitting that to be the construction of the

treaty, it is clear in the opinion of the Court, thfat neither of the other essential facts

ant requisites has been established by proof and the onus probandi of both lies upon

the claimants, to give rise to the casus ftederis.

r

The negroes were never the lawful slaves of Ruiz, or Montez, or of any other Spanish

subject. They are natives pf Africa; and were kidnappeal there; and were unlaw-

fully transported to Cuba, in violation of the laws and treaties of Spain,'and of the

most solemn edicts and declarations of that government.

By the laws, treaties, and edicts of Spain, the African slave trade is utterly abolished;

the dealing in that trade is deemed a heinous crime; and the negroes thereby intro-

duced into the dominions of Spain, are declared to be free.

There is no pretence to say thq negroes of the Amistad are "pirates" and "robbers;"

as they were kidnapped Africans, who, by the laws of Spain itself were entitled to

their freedom.

Although public document. of the government accompanying property found on board

of'the private ships of a foreign nation, are to be deemed prima facie evidence of the

I-cts which they state, yet they are always open to be impugned for friud; and

whether that fraud be in the original obtaining oftihose documents, or in the subsequent

fraudulent and illegal use of them, where once -it-is satisfactorily established, it over-

throws all their sanctity, and destroys them as proof.

*Fraud will vitiate any, even the most solemn transactius; and any asserted title

founded upon it, is utterly void.

The language of the treaty with Spain of 1795, requires the proprietor "to make due

and sufficient proof" of his property; and that proof qannot be deemed either due

or sufficient, which ii stained with fraud.

Nothing is more clear in the laws of nations as an established rule to' regulate their

rights and duties, and ifitercourse, than tme doctrine that the ship's papers are prima

facie evidence of what they state; and that if they are shown to be fraudulent, they

are not to be held proof of any valid title whatever. This rule is applied in prize

cases; and is just as applicable to the transactions of civil intercourse between na-

tions in times of peace.

In the solemn treaties between nations it never can be presumed that either state

intends to provide the means of perpetrating or protecting fraudg; but all the pro-

visions are to be construed as intended to be applied to na fide transactions.

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

521

[The United States v. The Amistad.]
The seventeenth article of the treaty with Spain which provides for certain passports and certificates as evidence of property on board of the ships of both states, is, in its terms, applicable only to cases where either of the parties is engaged in war. This article required a certain form of passport to be agreed upon by the parties and annexed to the'treaty. It never was annexed: and, therefore, in the case of The Amiable Isabella, 6 Wheaton, 1, it is held inoperative.
Supposing the African negroes'onbard the Amistad not to be slaves, but kidnapped, and free negroes, the treaty with Spain cannot be obligatory upon -fem;and the United States are bound to respect their rights, as much as those of Spanish subjects. The conflict of rights between the parties, under such circumstances, becomes positive and inevitable, and must be decided upon the invariable principles of justice and international law.
The treaty with Spain never could have been intended to take away the equal rignts of all foreigners who should assert their claims to equal justice before the Courts of the United States; or to deprive such foreigners of the protection given to them by other treaties, or by the general laws of nations.
There is no ground to assert that the case of the negroes vho were on board of the Amistad comes within the provisions of the act of Congress of 1799, or of any other of the prohibitory slave-trade acts. These negroes were never taken from Africa, or brought to the United States in contravention of these acts. When the Amistad arrived she was in possession of the negroes, asserting their freedom; and in no sense could possibly intend to import themselves into the United States as slaves, or for sale as slaves.
The carrying of the Amistad and her cargo into Connecticut by Lieutenant Gedney, and the officers and crew of the Washington, was a highly meritorious and useful service to the proprietors of the ship and cargo, and such, as by the general princi. ple of the maritime law, is always deemed a just foundation for salvage. The rate allowed by the Court, (one-third,) does not seem beyond the exercise of a sound discretion, under the very. peculiar and embarrassing circumstances of the case.

ON appeal from the Circuit Court of the UnitedStates for the District of Connecticut.

On the 23d day of January, 1840, Thomas R. Gedney, and

Richard W. Meade, officers of the United States surveying brig

Washington, on behalf of themselves and the officers and crew

of the brig Washington, and of others intef'osted and entitled,

filed a libel in the District Court of the United States, for the

District of Connictdcut, stating that off Culloden Point, near

Montauck Point, they took possession of a vessel which

proved to be a Spanish schooner called tb Amistad, of Havana,

in the island of Cuba, of about 120 tons burden; and the said

libellants found said schooner was maned by forty-five ne-

.groesisome of whom had landed near the said point for water;

2x2

"66

SUPREME COURT.
[The United States v. The Amistad.]
and there were also on board, two Spanish gentlemen, who represented themselves to be, and, as the libellants verily believe were part owners of the cargo, and of the negroes on board, who were slaves,belonging to said Spanishgentlemen; that the schoonef Amistad sailed on the 28th day of June, A. D. 1839 from the'port of Havana, bound to a port in the province of Principe, both in the island of Cuba, under the command of Raymon Ferrer as master thereof: that the schooner had on board and was laden with a large and valuable cargo, and provisions, to the amount, in all, of forty thotIsand dqllars, and also money to the sum and amount of about two hundred and fifty dollars; and also fifty-four slaves, to wit, fifty-one male slaves, and three young female slaves, who were worth twenty-five thousand dollars; and while on the voyage from Havana to Principe, the slaves rose upon the capta4 and crew of the schooner, and killed and murder,3d the captain and one of the crew, and two more of the -crew escaped and got away from the schooner; that the twd Spaniards on board, to wit, Pedro Montez, and Jose'Ruiz, remained alive on board the schooner after the murder of the captain, and after the negroes had taken possession of the vessel and cargo; that their lives were spared to assist in the sailing of the vessel; and it was directed by the negroes, tlhat the schooner should be navigated for the coast- of Africa; and Pedro Montez, and Jose Ruiz did, accordingly, steer as thus directed and compelled by the negroes, at the peril of their lives, in the daytime, and in the night altered their course and steered for the American shoie; but after two months on the ocean, they succeeded in coming round Montauck Point, then they were discovered and boarded by the libellants,.and the two Spanish gentlemen begged for and claimed the aid and protection of the libellants. That the schooner was accordingly taken possession of, and recaptured from the hands and possession of the negroes who had taken the same; that the schooner was brought. into the port of New London, where she now is; and the schooner would with'great difficulty, exposure, and danger havd been taken by the libellants, but for the surprise upon the blacks who had possession thereof, a part of whom were on shore; and but for the aid and assistance and services of the libellants, the vessel and cargo would have been wholly lost to the respective owners thereof. That the cargo

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

523

[The United States v. The Amistad.]
belongs to divers Spanish merchants and others, resident in The island of Cuba, and to Pedro Montez and Jose Ruiz, the latter owning most of the slaves.
The libellants stated, that having saved the schopner Amistad an(I cargo, and the slaves, with considerable danger, they prayed that process should bIe issued against the same, and that the usual proceedings might be had by the Courf, by which a reasonable salvage should be decreed out .of the property so saved.
Afterwards, Henry Green and Pelatiah Fordham, and others, filed a petition and answer to the libel, claiming salvage 'out of the property proceeded against by Thomas R. Gedney and others, and stating that before the Amistad was seen or boarded by the officers and crew of the Washington, they had secured a portion of the negroes who had come on shore, and had thus aided in saving.the vessel and cargo.
On the 2.9th of August, 1839, Jose Ruiz and Pedro Montez, of Cuba, filed claims to all the negroes on board of the Aniistad, except Antonio, as their slaves. A part of the, merchandise on board the vessel was also claimed by them. They alleged that the negroes had risen on the captain of the schooner, and had murdered him; and that afterwards they, Ruiz and Montez, had brouglt, her into the United States. They claimed that the negroes and merchandise ought to be restored to them, under the treaty with Spain; and denied salvage to'Lieutenant Gedney, and to all other persons claiming salvage.
Afterwards, Ruiz and Montez each filed in the District Court, a separate libel, stating more at large the circumstances of the voyage of the Amistad, the'murder of the captain by the negroes, and that the negroes afterwards compelled them to steer the vessel towards Africa, but that they contrived to bring her to the coast of the United States, where she was captured by the United States brig Washington. Ruiz; in his libel, stated the negroes .belonging to him to have been forty-nine in number, "named and known at Havana, as follows: Antonio, -Simon, Jose, Pedro, Martin, Manuel, Andreo, Edwards, Celedonia, Burtolono, Ramia, Augustin, Evaristo, Casamero, Merchoi, Gabriel, Santorion, Escolastico, Rascual, Estanislao, Desidero, Nicholas, EstevrSn, Tomas, Cosine, Luis, Bartolo, Julian, Federico, Salus-

524

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. The Amistad.]

tiano, Ladislao, Celestiko, Epifanio, Eduardo, Benancieo, Felepe, Francisco, Hipoleto, Berreto, Isidoro, Vecente, Deconisco, Apolonio, Esequies, Leon, Julio, Hipoleto, and Zenon; of whom several have died." Tgeir pr~sent names, Ruiz stated, he had
been informed, were, "Cinque, Burnah 1st, fCarpree, Dammah, Fourrie 1st, Shumab, Conomah, Choolay, Burnah 2d, Baah, Cabbah, Poomah, Kimbo, Peei, Bang-ye-ah, Saah, Carlee, Parale, Morrah, Yahome, Narquor, Quarto, Sesse, Con, Fourrie 2d, Kennah, Lammane, Fajanah, Faah, Yahboy, Faquannah, Berrie, Fawnu, Chockammaw, and Gabbow."
The libel' of Pedro Montez stated that the names of three negroes on board the Amistad, belonging to him, were Francisco, Juan, and Josepha; the Spanish name of the fourth was not mentioned; and the four were now called Teme, Mahgra, Kene, and Carria.
All these were stated to be slaves, and the property of the claimants, purchased by them at Havana; where slavery is tolerat5d and allowed by law; and they and the merchandise on board the vessel, the'claimants allegdd, by the laws and usages of nations, and of the United States of America, and according to the treaties between Spain and the United States, ought to be restored to- the claimants without diminution, and entire.
The vessel, negroes, and merchandise were taken into his possession, by the Marshal of the district of Connecticut, under process issued by order of the Court.
On the 19th of September, 1837, William S. Holabird, Esq., attorney of the United States, for the district, filed a suggestion in the District Court. stating that, since the libel aforesaid, of Thomas R. Gedney, Esq., was filed in this Court, viz. within the present month of September, in the year of our Lord 1839, the duly accredited minister to the United States, of her Catholic Majesty, the Queen of Spain, had officially presented to the proper department of the United States government, a claim, which is now pending, upon the United States, setting forth that "the vessel aforesaid, called the Amistad, and her cargo aforesaid, together with certain slaves on board the said vessel, all being the same as described in the libel aforesaid, are the property of Spanish subjects, and that the said vessel, cargo, and slaves, while so being the property of the said Spanish subjects, arrived

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

525

EThe United States v. The Amistad.)
within the jurisdictional limits of the United States, and were taken possession of by the said public armed brig of the United States, under such circumstances as make it the duty of the United States to cause the same vessel, cargo, and slaves, being the property of said Spanish subjects, to be restored to the true proprietors and owners of the same without further hindrance or detention, as required by the treaty now subsisting betweeft the United States and Spain." The attorney of the United States, in behalf of the United States, prayed the Court, on its being made legally to appear that the claim of the Spanish minister is well founded, and is conformable to the treaty, that the Court make such order for the disposal of the said vessel, cargo) and slaves as may best enable the United States in all respects to comply with their treaty stipulations, and preserve the public faith inviolate. But if it should be made to appearthat the persons described as slaves, are negroes and persons of colour, who have been transported from Africa, in 'violation of the laws of the United States, and brought within the United States, contrary to the same laws, the attorney, in-behalf of the United States, claimed that, in such case, the Court will make such further order in the 'premises as may enable the United States, if deemed expedient, to remove such persons to the eoast of Africa to be delivered there to such agent or agents as may be authorized to receive and provide for them, pursuant to the laws of the United States, in such case. provided, or to make such other order as to the Court may seem fit, right, and proper in the premises."
On the same day, September 19, 1839, the negroes, by their counsel, filed an answer to the libel of Lieutenant Gedney arid others, claiming salvage, and to the claim of Ruiz and Montez, claiming them as slaves, as also to the intervention of the United States, on the application of the minister of Spain ; in which they say, that they are natives of Africa, and were born free, and ever since have been and still of right are and ought to be free and not slaves; that they were never domiciled in the islai*d of Cuba, or in the dominions of the Queen of- Spain, or subject to the laws thereof. That on or about the 15th day of April, 1839, they vere7"in the land of their nativity, unlawfilly kidnapped, and forcibly, and wrongfully, by certain persons to then un-

SUPREME COURT.
[The United States v. The Amistal]
known, who were there unlawfully and piratically engaged in the slave trade between the coast of Africa and the island of Cuba, contrary to the will of these respondents, unlawfully, and under circumstances of great cruelty, transported to the island of Cuba for the unlawful purpose of being sold as slaves, and were there illegally landed for that purpose. That Jose Ruiz, one of the libellants, well knowin& all the premises, and confederating with the persons by whom the respondents were unlawfully taken aild holden as slaves, and intending to deprive, the respondents severally of their liberty, made a pretended purchase of the respondents, except the said Carria, Teme, Kene, and Mahgra; and that Pedro Montez, also well knowing all the premises, and confederating with the said persons for the purpose aforesaid, made a pretended purchase of the said Carria, Teme, Kene, and Mahgra; that the pretended purchases were made from persons who had no right whatever to the respondents or any of them, and that the same were null and void, and conferred no right or title on Ruiz or Montez, or riglht of control over the respondents or either of them. That on or about the 28th day of June, 1839, Ruiz and Montez, confederating with each other, and with one Ramon Ferrer, now deceased, captain of the schooner Amistad, and others of the crew thereof, caused respondents severally, without law or right, under color of certain false and fraudulent papers by them procured and fraudulently used for that purpose, to be placed by force on board the schooner to. be transported with said Ruiz and Montez to some place unknown to the respondents, and there enslaved for life. That the respondents, being treated on board said vessel by said Ruiz and Montez and their confederates with great cruelty and oppression, and being of right free as aforesaid, were incited by the love of liberty natural to all men, and by the desire of returning to their families and kindred, to take possession of said vessel while navigating the high seas, as they had a right to do, with the intent to return therein to their native country, or to seek an asylum in some free state, where slavery did not exist, in order that, they might enjoy their liberty under the protection of its government; that the schooner, about the 26th of August, 1839, arrived in the possession of the respondents, at Culloden Point near Montauk, and was there anchored near the shore of Long Island, within

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

527

[The United States v. The Arnistad.]

hailing distance thereof, and within the waters and territory of the state of New York; that the respondents, Cinque, Carlee, Dammab, Baah, Monat, Nahgis, Quato, Con, Fajanab, Berrie, Gabbo, Fouleaa, Kimbo, Faquannah, Cononia, otherwise called Ndzarbla, Yaboi, Burnah Ist, Shuma, Fawne, Peale, Ba, and Sheele, while said schooner lay at anchor as aforesaid, went on shore within the state of New York to procure provisions and other necessaries, and while there, in a state where'slavery is unlawful and does not exist, under the protection of the government and laws of said state by which they were all free, whether on board of said schooner, or on shore,, the respondents were severally seized, as well those who were on shore as aforesaid, as those who were on board of and in possession of said schooner, by Lieutenant Gedney, his officers, and crew of the United States brig Washington, without any lawful warrant or authority whatever, at the instance of Ruiz and Montez, with the intent to keep and secure them as slaves to Ruiz and Montez, respectively, and to obtain an award of salvage therefor, from this honourable Court, as for a meritorious act. That for that purpose, the respondents were, by Lieutenant Gedney, his officers and crew, brought.to the port of New London; and while there, and afterwards, under the subsequent proceedings in this honourable Court taken into the custody of the marshal of said district of Connecticut, and confined and held in the jails in the cities of New Haven and Hartford, respectively, as- aforesaid. Wherefore, the -respondents pray that they may be set free, as they of right are and ought to be, and that they be released from the custody 9f the marshal, under the process of this honourable Court, under which, or under colour of which they are holden as
aforesaid.
Jose 4ntonio Tellincas, and Aspe and Laca, subjects of Spain, and merchants of Cuba, presented claims for certain merchandise which was on board the Amistad when taken possession of by Lieutenant Gedney; denying all claims to salvage, and asking that the property should be restored to them.
On the 23d day of January the District Judge made a decree, having taken into his consideration all the libels, claims, and the suggestion of the District Attorney of the United States, and the claim preferred by him that the iegroes should be delivered to

528

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. The Amista.]

the Spanish authorities, the negroes to be sent by them to Cuba, or that the negroes should be placed under the authority-of the
President of the United States, to be transported to Africa. The decree rejected the claim of Green and others to salvage
with costs. The claim of Lieutenant Gedney and others to salvage on the alleged slaves was dismissed. Tile libels and claims of Ruiz and Montez being included under the claim of the minister of Spain, were ordered to be dismissed, with costs taxed against Ruiz and Montez respectively..
,IThat that part of the claim of tli minisitef Spain which demands the surrender of Cinques and others, who'are ,-iecifically named in the answer filed as aforesaid, be dismissed, without cost."
That the claim of the vice consul 6f Spain, demanding tie surrender to the Spanish government of Antonio,'a slave owned by the heirs of Captain Ferrer, should be sustained; and ordered that Antonio should be- delivered to the government of Spain, or its agent, without costs.
The claims ifTellincas and Aspe and Laca, for the restoration of the goods specified by them, being part of the cargo of the Amistad, was sustained, and that the same goods be restored to them, deducting one-third of the gross appraised value of them, which was allowed as salvage to the officers and crew of the Washington. A like salvage of one-third of the gross value of the Amistad, and thjother merchandise on board of her,-was also adjudgeddto the salvors. The costs were to be deducted from the other .tio-thirds. - - "-Aiid,- w.hereas the duly accredited minister of Spain, resident in the United States, hath, in behalf of the government of -Spain, for the owners of said schooner, and the residue of said goods, claimed that the same be restored to that government for the said' owners, they being Spanish subjects, under the provisions of the treaty subsisting between the United States and Spain: And, whereas it hath been made to appear to this Court, that the said schooner is lawfully owned by the subjects of Spain, as also the rcsidue of said goods not specifically claimed: And, whereas the aforesaid Don Pedro Mlpntez, and Jose Ruiz, have in person ceased to prosecute their claim as specified in their respective libels, and their said claims fall within the de-

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

529

[The United States v.The Amistad.]

mand and claim of the Spanish minister, made as aforesaid: And,

whereas the seizure of the said schooner and goods by the said

Thomas R. Gedney and others, was made on the high seas, in a

perilous condition, and they were first brought into the port of

New London, within the District of Connecticut, and libelled for

salvage"

[The decree then proceeds to adjudge to Lieutenant Gedney.

and others, as salvage, one-third' of the gross proceeds of the

vessel and cargo, according to an appraisement which had

been made thereof; and, if not paid, directed the property to be

sold, and that proportion of the gross proceeds of the sale to be

paid over to the captors, the residue, after payment of all costs,

to be paid to the respective owners of the same.]

-Upon the answers of the negroes, and the representations of

the District Attorney of the United States, and of Montez and

Ruiz, the decree proceeds :

"This Court having fully heard the parties appearing 'with

.their proofs, do find that the respondents, severally answering as

aforesaid, are each of them natives of Africa, and were born

free, and ever since have been, and still of right are free, and not

slaves, as is in said several libels, claims or representations al-

leged or 'surmised; that they were never dbmiciled in the Island

of Cuba, or the dominions of the Queen of Spain, or subject to

the laws thereof; that they were severally kidnapped in theik

native country, and were, in violation of their own rights, and

of the laws df"Spain, prohibiting the African slave trade, im-

ported into the island of Cuba, about the 12th June, 1839, and

were there unlawfully held and transferred to the said Ruiz and

Montez, respectively; that said respondents were within fifteen

days after their arrival at Havana, aforesaid, by said Ruiz and

Montez, put on board said schooner Amistad to be transported

to some port in said island of Cuba, and there unlawfhlly held

as slaves; that the- respondents or some of them, influenced by

the desire of recovering their liberty, and of returning to their

families and kindred in their native country, took possession of

said schooner Amistad, killed the captain and cook, and severdly

wounded said Montez, while on her voyage from Havana, as

aforesaid, and that theiespondents arrived in possession of said

schooner at Cullpden Point near Montauck, and there anchored

VOL. XV.-2 V

67

530

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. The Amistad.]

said schooner on the high seas, at the distance of half a mile

from the shore of Long Isla.nd, and were there, while a part of

the respondents were, as is alleged in their said answer, on shore

in quest of water and other necessaries, and about to sail in said

schooner for the coast of Africa, seized by said Lieutenant Ged-

ney, and his officers and crew, and broughf into the port of New

London, in this district. And this Court doth further find, that

it hath ever been the intention of the said Montez and Ruiz,

since the said Africans were put on board the said schooner, to

hold the said Africans as slaves; that at the time when the said

Cinque and others, here making answer, were imported from

Africa into the dominions of Spain, there was a law of Spain

prohibiting such importation, declaring the persons so imported

to be free; that said law was in force when the' claimants took

the possession of the said Africans and put them on board' said

schooner, and the same has ever since been in force."

. The decree of the District Court recites the decree of the go-

vernment of Spain of.December, 1817, prohibiting the slave

trade, and declaring all negroes brought into the dominions of

Spain by slave traders to be free; and enjoining the execution of

the decree onall the officerq of Spain in the dominions of Spain.

The decree of thb District Court proceeds:

"And this Court doth further find, ihat when the said Africans

were shipped on board the said schooner, by. the said Montez

an4 Ruiz, the samewere shipped under the passports signed by

the Governor General of the Island of Cuba, in the following

words, viz.:

.Description.

Havana, June 22d, 1839.

Size.

I grant permission to carry three black ladi-

Age.

noes, named Juana, Francisca, and Josefa,pro-

Colour.

pertyofDr. Pedro Montez,to Puerto Principe,

Hair.

by sea. They must present themselves to the

Forehead.

respective territorial judge with this permit.

Eyebrows.

Duty, 2 reals.

ESPLETA.

Eyes.

(FAdorsed) Commander of Matria.

Nose.

Mouth.'

Let passin the schooner Amistad,to Guana

Beard.

ja, Ferrer, master. Havana, June 27th, 1839

Peculiarsi-ns..

MART & Co.

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

531

[The United States v. The Amistad.]

Havana,June 26th, 1839.

Description. Size.

I grant permission to carry forty-nine black ladinos, named Antonio, Simon, Lucas, Jose," Pedro, Martin, Manuel, Andrios, ]dwardo,

Age.

Celedernnio, Bartolo, Raman, Augustin,

Colour.

Evaristo, Casimero, Meratio, Gabriel, San-

Hair.

tome, Ecclesiastico, Pasenal, Stanislao, De-

Forehead.

siderio, Nicolas, Estevan, Tomas, Cosme,

Eyebrows.

Luis, Bartolo, Julian, Federico, Saturdino,

Eyes. Nose.

Ladislas, Celestino, Epifano, Fronerie, Venaniro, Feligre, Francisco, Hypolito, Benito,

Mouth.

Isdoro, Vicente, Dioniceo, Apolino, Esequiel,

Beard. Peculiarsigns.

Leon, Julio, Hipolito, y Raman, property of Dr. Jose Ruiz, to Puerto Principe, by sea. They must present themselves with this ,per-

mit to the respective territorial judge.

ESPLETA.

Duty, 2 reals.

(Endorsed)

Commander of Matria.

Let pass in the schooner Amistad, to Guanaja, Ferrer, master.

Havana, June 27th, 1839.

MART. & Cd."

"Which said passports do not truly describe the said persons

shipped under the same. Whereupon, the said claim of the

minister of Spain, as set forth in the two libels filed. in the-name

of the United States by the said District Attorney, for and in

behalf of the government of Spain and her subjects, so far as

the same relate to the said Africans named in said claim,. be dis-

missed."

"And upon the libel filed by said District Attorney in behalf of

the United States, claiming the said Africans libelled as afore-

said, and now in the custody of-the Marshal of the district of

Connecticut, under and by virtue of process issued from this

Court, that they may be delivered to the President of the United

States to be transported to Africa. It is decreed that the said

Africans now in the custody of 6aid 1\Iarshal, and libelled and

claimed as aforesaid, (excepting Antonio Ferrer, be delivered to

the President of the United States by the Marshal of the district

of Connecticut, to be by him transported to Africa, in pursuance

532

SUPREME COURT.

[ThetUnited States v. The Amistad.)

of the law of Congress, passed March 3d, 1819, entitled IAn act in addition to the acts prohibiting the slave trade.'"
After the decree was pronounced, the United States, "claiming in pursuance of a demand made upon them by the duly accredited minister of her Catholic Majesty, the Queen of Spair, .to the United States, moved an appeal froth the whole and every part of the said decree, except part of the same in relation to the slave Antonio, to the Circuit Court" of Connecticut.
Antonio Tellincas, and Aspe and Laca, claimants, &c., also appealed from the decree to the Circuit Court, except for so much of the decree as sustains their claims to the goods, &c.
The Africans,. by their African names, moved in the Circuit Court, in April, 1840, that so much of the appeal of the District Attorney of the United States, from so much of the decree of the District Court as related to them severally, may be dismissed; "because, they say that the United States do not claim, nor have they ever claimed any interest in the appellees, respectively, or either of them, and have, no right, either by the law of nations, or by the Constitution or laws of the United States to appear in the Courts of the United States, to institute or prosecute claims to property, in behalf of the subjects of the Queen of Spain, under the circumstances appearing on the record in this case; much less to enforce the claims of the subject of a foreign government, to the persons of the said appellees, respectively, as the slaves of the said foreign subjects, under the circumstances
aforesaid." The Circuit Court refused the motion. The Circuit Court affirmed the decree of the District Court,
pro forma, except so far as respects the claims of Tellincas, and
Aspe and Laca. After this decree of the Circuit Court, the United States, claim-
ing in pursuance of a demand made upon them by the duly accredited minister of her, Catholic Majesty, the Queen of Spain to the United States, moved an appeal from the whole and every part of the decree of the Court, affirming the decree of the District Court to the Supreme Court of the United States, to be holden at the city of Washington, on the second Monday of January, A. D. eighteen hundred and forty-one; and it was allowed.

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

533

[The United States v. The Amistad.]

The Court as far as respects the decree of the District Court

allowing salvage on the goods on board the Amistad, continued

the case to await the decision of the Supreme

on tIhoautrt,

part of the decree appealed from. The Circuit Court inthe decree, proceed to say, that "1they had
inspected certain depositions and papers remaining as of recorl in said Circuit Court, and to be used as evidence, before the Supreme Court of the United States, on the trial of said appeal."
Among the depositions, were the following.. "I, Richard Robert Madden, a British subject, having resided for the last three years and upwards, at Havana, where 1-have' held official situations under the British government, depose and say, that I have held the office of superintendent of liberated Africans during thai term, and still hold it;, and have held for the term of one year, the office there, of British.commissionerp, in the MiXed Court of Justice. The duties of my office and of my avocation, have led me to become well acqudinted with Africans recently imported from Africa. I have seen and had in my. charge many hundreds of them. I have also seen the Africans in the custody of the marshal of the district of Connecticut, except the small children. I have examined 'themand observed their language, appearance, and manners; and I have no doubt of their having been, very. recently, brought from Africa. To one of them, I spoke, and repeated a Mohammedan form of prayer in the Arabic language; the man immediately recognised the language, and repeated a few words of it after me, and appeared to understand it, particularly the words ' Allah akbar,' or God is great. The man who was beside this negro, I also addressed in Arabic, saying-' salaam ailkoem,' or peace be .to you; he immediately, in the customary oriental salutations, repliedA-aleckoum salaam,' or peace- be on you. From my knowledge of oriental habits, and of the appearance of the newly imported slaves'in Cuba, I 'have no doubt of those negroes of the Amistad being bona fide Bozal negroes, quite newly imported from Africa. I have a full knowledge of the subject of slavery-slave trade in Cuba; and I know that no law exists, or has existed since the year 1820, that sanctions the iniroduction of negroes into the island of Cuba, from Africa for the urpose df making slaves, or being held in slavery; and; that
2'2

534

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. The Amistad.]

all such Bozal negroes, as those recently imported are called, are legally free; and no law, common or statute, exists there, by which they can be held in slavery. Such Africans, long settled in Cuba, and acclimated, are called ladinos, and must have been introduced before 1820, and are so called in contradistinction to the term creole, which is applied to the ilegroes born in the island. I have seen, and now have before me, a document, dated 26th
Jut/e, 1839, purporting to be signed by Ezpeleta, who is captain general of the island, to identify which, I have put my name to the lefthand corner of the document, in presence of the counsel of the Africans; 'this document, or "trasspasso," purporting to be a permit granted to Don 1. Ruiz, to export from Havana to Porto Principe, forty-nine negroes, designated by Spanish names, and called therein ladinos, a term totally inapplicable to newly imported Africans. I have seen, and now have before me, another document, dated 22d June, 1839, and signed in the same manner, granted to Don Pedro Y'Iontez, for the removal of three negro children irom Havana to Porto Principe, also designated by Spanish names, and likewise called Iladinos,' and wholly inapplicable to young African children, who could not have beefi acclimated, and loifg settled in the island; which document, I have identified in thd same manner as the former. To have obtained these documents from. the governor, for bona
Aide Bozal negroes, and- have described them in the application for it, as ladinos; was evidently a fraud, but nothing more than such an application and the payment of the necessary fees would be required to procure it, as there is never any inquiry or inspection of the negroes on the part of the governor or his *officers,nor is there any oath required from the applicant. I further state, that the above documents are manifestly inapplicable to the Africans of the Amistad, I have seen, here and in New Haven; but such, documents are commonly obtained by similar applications at the Havana, and by the.'e means, the negroes recently and illegally 'introduced, are thus removed to the different ports of the island, and the danger obviated of their falling in with English cruisers, and then they are illegally c~rried into slaviery. One of the largest dealers and importers of the island of Cuba; in African slaves, is the notorious house of Martiner & Co., of Havana,; 6ind for years past, as at present, they have

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

635

[The United States v. The Amistad.]

been deeply engaged in this traffic; and the Bozal Africans, imported by these and all other slave traders, when brought to the Havana, are immediately taken to the barracoons, or slave marts; five of which are situated in the immediate vicinity of the governor's ,county house, about one nile and a half fromi the walls of Havana; and from these barracoons, they are taken and removed to the different parts of the island when sold; and having examined the endorsements on the back of the trasspasso, or permits for the removal of the said negroes of the Amistad, the signature to that endorsement appears to be that of Mar-
tiner & Co.; and the document purports to be a permit or pass
for the removal of the said negroes. The handwriting of Mar tiner & Co., I am not acquainted with. These barracoons, outside the city walls, are fitted up exclusively for the reception and sale of Bozal negroes; one of these barracoons or slave marts, called ]a miserecordia, or '.mercy,' kept by a man, named ' Riera,' I visited the 24th September last, in company with a person well acquainted with this establishment; and the factor or major domo of the master, in the absence of the latter, said to me, that the negroes, of the Amistad had been purchased there; that he knew them well; that they had been bought by a man from Porto Principe, and had been embarked for that place; and speaking of the said negroes, he said, ' che, castima,' or what pity it is, which rather surprised me; the man further explained hiinself, and said, his regret was for the loss of so many valuable Bozals, in the event of their being executed in the 'United States.
"One of the houses most openly engaged, and notoriously implicated in the slave trade transactions, is that of Martiner & Co.; and their practice is to remove their newly arrived negroes from the slave ships to these barracoons, where they commonly remair two or three weeks before sold, as these negroes of the Amistad, illegally introduced by 'Martiner & *Co., were in the present instance, as is generally reported and believed in the Havana.
Of the Africans which I have seen and examined, from the necessity which my office imposes on me at the Havana of -assisting at the registry of the newly imported, Bozals, emancipated by the Mixed Court, I can speak wit& tolerable certainty of the
ages of these people, with the exc" 'ion'of the children, whom

536

SUPREME COURT.

[TJ.UbTite8States v.The Amist.]

I have not seen. Sa, about 17; Ba, 2! -, Luckawa, 19; Tussi, 30; Beli, 18; Shuma, 26; Nama, 20; Tenquis, 21; the others, I had nottime to take a note of their ages.
"With respect to the Mixed Commission, its jurisdiction extends only to cases of captured negroes brought in by British or Spanish cruisers; -and notwithstanding Ahe illegalities of the traffic in slaves,,from twenty to twenty-five thousand slaves have been introduced into the island during the last three years; and such is the state of society, and of the administration of the laws there, that hopeless slavery is the inevitable result of their removal into the interior."
On his cross-examination the witness stated, that he was not acquainted with the dialects of the African tribes, but was slightly acquainted with the Arabic language. Lawful slaves of the island are not offered for sale generally, or ofteri placed in the barracoons, or man marts. The practice in Havana is to use the barracoogs "for Bozal negroes only." Barracoons are used for negroes recently imported, and for their reception and sale. The native language of the Africans is not often continued for a long time on certain plantations. "It has been to me a matter of astonishment at the shortness of time in which the fanguage of the negroes is disused, and the Spanish language adopted and acquired. I speak this, from a very intimate knowledge of the condition of the:negroes in Cuba, from frequent visits to plantations, and journeys in the interior; and, on this subject, I think I can say my knowledge is as full as any person's can be.
"There are five or six barracoons within pistol shot of the country residence of the Captain General of Cuba. On every other part of the coast where Ihe slave trade is carried on, a barracoon. or barracoons must likewise exist. - They are a part of the things necessary to the slave trade, and are for its use only;
for instance, near Matanzas there is a building or shed of this kind and used for this purpose.
"Any negroes lafided in the island since 1820, and carried into slavery, have been illegally introduced; and the transfer of.them' under false names, such as calling Bozal, Ladinos, is, necessarily, a fraud. Unfortunately, there is no interference on the part of the local authorities-; they connive at it, and collude with the slave traders- the"governor, alone, at the Havana, receiving a

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

537

[The United States v. The Amistad.]
bounty or inpost on each negro thus illegally introduced, of ten dollars a head. As to the Mixed Commission, once the negroes clandestinely introduced are landed they no longer have cognisance of the violation of the treaty; the governor has cogijisance of this and every other bearing of the Spanish law on Spanish soil. This head-money has not the sanction of any Spanish law for its imposition; and the proof of this is, it is called a voluntary
ontribution." Also a statement, given by the District Attorney, W. S. Hola-
bird, Esq., of what was made to him by A. G. Vega' Esq., Spanish Consul, January loth, 1s.to. "That he is a Spanish subject; that he resided in the island of Cuba several years; that he knows the laws of that island on the subject of slayery; that there was no law that was coniidered in force in the island of Cuba, that prohibited the bringing in African slaves; that the .Court of.Mixed Commissioners had no jurisdiction except in cases of capture on the sea; that newly imported Africati negroes were constantly brought to the island, and, after landing, were
bona fide transferred from one owner to .another,.without any interference by the loc.l authorities or the Mixed Comm'ission, and were held bythe owners,-and recognised as lawful property; that slavery was recognised in Cuba by all the laws that were considered in force there; that the native language of the slaves was kept upon some plantations'for years. That the barracoons are public markets, where all descriptions of slaves are sold and bought; that the papers-of the Amistad are genuine, and are in the ugual fo6fm; that it was not necessary to practise any Traud to obtain such papers from the proper officers of the government; that none of the papers of the Amistad are signed by Martiner, spoken of by R. R. Madden in his deposition; that he (Martiner) did not hold the -office from whence that paper issued."
Also a deposition of James Ray, a mariner on board of the
Washington, stating the circumstances of the taking possession of the Amistad, and the Africans, which supported the allegatios4 in the several libels, in all essential circumstances.
The documents exhibited as the passports of tfe Spanish authorities at Havana, and other papers relating tO tle Amistad, and her clearance from Havana, were also annexed 'to the Ulecree of the Circuit Court, in the original Spariish, -Translations of all

538

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. The Amista.]

of these, which were deemed of importance in the cause, are given in the decree of the District Court.
Sullivan Haley stated in his deposition, that he heard Ruiz say, that "none of the negroes could speak Spanish; they are just from Africa."
James Covey, a coloured man, deposed that "he was born at Berong-Mendi country; left there seven and a half years ago; wa a slave, and carried to Lumboko. All these Africans were from Africa. Never saw them until now. I could talk with them. They appeared glad because they could speak the, same language. I could understand all but two or three. They say they from Lumboke; three moons. They all have Mendi names, and their names all mean something; Carle, means bone; Kimbo, means cricket. They speak of rivers which I know; said they sailed from Lumboko; two or three speak different language from the others; the Timone language. Say-ang-wa rivers spoken of; these run through the Vi country. I learned to speak English at Sierre Leonq. Was put on board a man-ofwar one year and a half. They an agree as to where they sailed from. I have no doubt they are Africans. I have been in this country six months; came in a British man-of-war; have been in this town (New Havea) four months with Mr. Bishop; he calls on me for no money, and do not know who pays my board. I was stolen by a black man who stole ten of us. One man carried us two months' walk. Have conversed with Sinqua; Barton has been in my town, Gorang. I was sailing for Havana when the British man-of-war captured us."
The testimony of Cinque and the negroes of the Amistad, sup-
ported the statements in their answers. The respondents also gave in evidence the "Treaty between
Great Britain and Spain, for the abolition of the slave trade, signed at Madrid, 23d September, 181.7."

The case was argued for the United States, by Mr. Gilpin, the
Attorney General, and'by Mr. Baldwin and Mr. Adams, for the appellees; Mr. Jones, on thq part of Lieutenant Gedney and others, of the United States brig Washington, was not reqtuired by the Court to argue the claims to salvage.

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

S39

[Uhe United States v.The A-istalj
Mr. Gilpin, the Attorney General, for the United States, reviewed the evidence, as set out in the record, of all the facts connected with the case, from the first clearance'of -the schooner Amistad, at Havana, on the 18th May, 1838, down to the 23d January, 1840, when the final decree of the District Court of the United States. for the District of Connecticut, was rendered.
The Attorney General proceeded to remark, t6at, on. the 23d January, 1840, the case stood thus. The vessel, cargo, and negroes, were in possession of the Marshal, under process from the District Court, to answer to five separate claims; those of Lieutenant Gedney, and Messrs. Green and Fordham, for salvage; that of th United St~tes, at the instance of the Spanish minister, for the vessel, cargo, and negroes, to. be restored to the Spanish owners, in which claim those of Messrs. Ruiz and Montez were merged; that of the Spanish vice-consul, for the slave Antonio, to be restored to the Spanish owner; and that of Messrs. Tellincas, and Aspe and Laca, for the restoration of a part of the cargo belonging to them. "The decree.of the District Ctmrt found that the vessel, and the goods on board were the property of Spanish subjects, and that the passports under which the negroes were shipped at Havana, were signed by the Governoi General. of Cuba. It denied the claims of Lieutenant Gedney, and Messrs. Green and Fordham, to salvage on the slaves, but allowed the claims of the officers and crew of the Washington to salvage on the Amisted, and on the merchandise on board of that vessel. It also decreed that the residue of the goods, and the vessel, should be delivered to the Spanish minister, to be restored to the' Spanish owners; and that the slave Antonio should be ilelivered to the Spanish vice-consul, for the same purpose. As to the negroes, claimed by Ruiz and Montez, it dismissed the claims of those persons, on the ground that they vere included urder that of the minister of Spain. The libel of the United States, claiming the delivery of the negroes to the Spanish minister, was 'dismissed, on the ground that they were not slaves, but were kidnapped and imported into Cuba; and that, at the time they were so imported, there was a law of Spain declaring persons -o imported to be free. The alternative prayer of the United States, claiming the delivery of the negroes. to be transpprted atAinca, was granted.
As soon as this decree was made.; an ppea was taken by the

540

SUPREME COURT.

[The Unit~L States v. The Amistad.]

United States to the Circuit Court, from the whole of it, except so far as it related to Antonio. At the succeeding term of the Circuit Court, the negroes moved that the appeal of the United States might be dismissed, on the ground that they had no interest in the negroes; and, also, on the ground that they have no right to.prosecute claims t6 property in behalf of subjects of the Queen of Spain. That motion, however, was refused by the Circuit Court, which proceeded to affirm the decree of the District Court, on the libel of the United States. It is from this decree of the Circuit Court that the present appeal to the Supreme Court is prosecuted.
Was the decree of the Circuit Court correct?
The state of the facts, as found by the decree, and not denied,
was this. The vessel, and the goods on board, were the property of Spanish subjects in Havana, on the 27th June, 1839. At that time slavery was recognised and in existence in the Spanish dominions. The negroes in question are certified at that time, in a document signed by the Governor General of Cuba, to be ladinos negroes-that i, slaves-the property of Spanish subjects. As such, permission is given by the Governor General, to their owners, to take them, by sea, to Puerto Principe,
in the same island. The vessel'with these slaves, thus certified, on board, and in charge of their alleged owners, regularly cleared and sailed from Havtana, the documentary evidence aforesaid, and the papers of the vessel being also on board. During this voyage,
the negroes rose, killed the captain, and took possession of the vessel. On the 26th August, the vessel, cargo, and negroes, were rescued and taken on the high seas, by a public officer of the United States, and brought into a port of the United States, where they await the decision of the judicial tribunals.
In this position of things, the minister of Spain demands that the vessel, cargo, and negroes, be restored, pursuant to the 9th article of the treaty of 27th October, 1795, which provides (1 Laws of the United States, 268) that "1all ships and merchandise of what nature soever, which shall be rescued out of the hands of any pirates or robbers,\on the high seas, shall be brought into some port of either state, and shall be delivered into the custody of the officers of that port, in oroer to be thken care of and restored entire to the true proprietor, as soon as duo

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

541

[The United Statee v. The Ambstad.]

and sufficient proof shall be made concerning the property thereof."
The only inquiries, then, that present themselves, are, 1. Has "due and sufficient proof concerning the property thereof" been made? 2. If so, have the United States a right to interpose in the manner they have done, to obtain its restoration to the Spanish owners? If these inquiries result in the' affirmative, then thd decree of the Circuit Court was erroneou's, and ought to be reversed. I. It is submitted that there has been due and sufficient proof concerning the property to authorize its restoration. It is not denied that, under the laws of Sphip, negroes may be held as slaves, as completely as they are in any of the states of this Union; nor will it be denied-, if duly proved to be such, they are subject to restoration as much as other property, when coming under the provisions of this treaty. Now these negroes are declared, by the certificates of the Governor "General,to be slaves, and the property of the Spanish subjects therein r amed. That officer (1.White's New Rec. 369. 371; 8 Peters, 310) is the highest functionary of the government in Cuba,; his public acts are the highest evidence of any facts stated by him,.within the scope of his authority. It is within the scope of his authority to declare what is property, and what are the rights of the subjects of Spain, within his jurisdiction, in regard to property. Now, in the. intercourse of nafions, there is no rule better established than this, that full faith is to be given to such acts ---to the authentic evidence of such acts. The question is not
whether the act is right or wrong; it is, whether the act has been done, and whether it is an act within the scope of the authority. We are to inquire only whether the. power existed, and whether. it was exercised, and how it was exercised; not whether it was rightly or wrongly exercised.
The principle is universally admitted, that, whereyer an author ity is delegated to any public officer, to be exercised at his discretion, under his own judgment and upon his own responsibility, the acts done in the appropriate exercise of that authority, are binding as to the"subject matter. Without such a rule there could be no peace or comity among 'nations; all harmony, all mutual
VOL. XV.-2 Z

542

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. The Aiistel]
respect would be destroyed; the Courts and tribunals of one
country would become the judges of the local laws and property of others, Nor is it to be supposed that so important a principle would not be-recognised by Courts of justice. They have held, that'. whether the 6it of the foreign functionary be executive, legislative, or judicial, it is, if exercised within its appropriate --sphere, binding as to the subject-matter; and the authentic record of such act is full and complete e'vidence -thereof. In the case of Marburv t Madison, I Cranch, 170, this Court held, that a commission was conclusive evidence of an executive appointment; and that a party from whom it was -withheldmight obtain it through the process of a Court, as being such evidence of his rights. In the case of Thompson- v. Tolmie, 2 Peters, 167, this Court pustained the binding and sufficient character of a decision, made by"a competent tribunal, and not reversed, whether that decision was in itself right or-wrong. In the case of TheUnited States n. Arredondo, 6 Peters, 719, the whole doctrine on this' subject is most forcibly stated. Indeedi nothing can be clearer than the principles thus laid down; nor ,tan they apply more directly to any case than the present. Here is the authentic, certificate or record of the highest officer known to the Spanish law, declaring, in terms, that these negroes are the property of the several Spanish subjects. We have it countersigned by another of the principal officers. We have it executed and delivered, as the express evidence- of property, to these persons. It is exactly the same as that deemed sufficient fer the vessel and for the cargo. Would it not have been complete and positive evidence in the island of Cuba? If so) the principlQ laid down by this Court makes it such here.
But this general principle is strengthened,by the particular circumstances'of the case. Where property on board of a vessel is brought into a foreign port, the documentary evidence, whether it be a judicial decree, or the ship's papers, accompanied by possession, is the best evidence of ownershiri and that to which Courts of justice invariably look. In the case of .Bernardi v. Motteux, Douglas, 575, Lord Mansfield laid down the rule that a decree of a foreign Court was conclusive as to the right of property under it. In that of the Vigilantia, 1 Rob. 3. 11, the uecessity or.propriety- of plrodjling the ship's pipers, .as the first

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

543

[The United States v. The Axnistad.]

evidence of her character and property, and of ascertaining her national character from her passport, is expressly recognised. In that of the Cosmopolite, 3 Rob. 269, the title of the claimant; who was.a Dane, to the,vessel, was a decree of a French Court against an American vessel; the Court refused to inquire into the circumstances of the condemnation, but held the decree sufficient evidence for them. In'that of the Sarah, 3 Rob. 166, the captors of a prize applied, to be allowed to give proof of the property being owned by persons other than those stated in the ship's documents, but it was refused. In that. of the Henrich" and Maria, 4 Rob. 52, the very question was made, whether the Court would not look into the validity of a title, derived under a foreign Court of Admiralty, and it was refused.
These principles are fully sustained by our own Courts. In the case of the Resolution, 2 Dall. 22, 23, possession of property, on board of a vessel is held to be presumptive evidence of ownership; and the ship's papers, bills of -lading, and other documents, are prima facie evidence of the facts they speak. It is on this evidence that vessels are generally acquitted or condemned. In that of the Ann Green, 1 Gall. 281.284, it is laid down as the rule that the first and proper evidence in prize cases is the ship's papers; and 'that only in cases of doubt is further testimony to be received. The Court thiere say that as at general rule they woufd pronounce for the inadmissibility of such further evidence. So in that of the Diana, 2 Gall. 97, the general rule laid down is, that no claim is t6 be admitted in oppositibn to the ship's papers; the exceptions stand upon very particular grounds. In that of Ohl v. The Eagle Insurance Company, 4 Masan, 172, parol evidence was held not to be admissible to contradict a ship's papers. In that of M'Grath v Caridelero, Bee, 60, a decree of restitution in a foreign Court of Admiralty was held to befull evidence of the ownerghip, and such as was to be respected in all other countries. 'In that of Catlett'v. The Pacific Insurance Company, Paine, 612, the register was held to be conclusive evidence of the national character of the vessel; -and a similar rule *as held to exist in regard to a pass, in the case of Barker v. The Phoenix Insurance Company. Similar principles have been adopted in this Court.

544

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v.The-Amista.]

The decree of a foreign Court of Admiralty, on a question' of blockade, was allowed in the case of Croudson v. Leonard, 4 Cranch, 434, to bb contradicted in the Court below; but this Court reversed that decision, and held it to be conclusive. In that of the Mary, 9 Cranch, '142, this Court sustained the proof of property founded on the register against a decree of a foreign Court of Admiralty. In that of the IPizarro, 2 Wheaton, 2 7, the Court look to the documentary evidence, as that to be relied on to prove ownership; and alihough the papers were not strictly correct, they still relied on them in preference to further extraneous proof. Add to all this the twelfth article of the treaty with Spain, (1 Laws of United States, 270,).which makes passports and certificates evidence of property; and the principle may be regarded as established beyond a question, that the regular documents ire the best andprimary evidence in regard to all property -onboard of vessels. This is indeed especially the case when they are merely coasting vessels, or such as are brought-in on account of distress, shipwreck; or other accident. The injustice of requiring further, evidence in such cases, is too apparent to need any argument on the subject. Nor is it a less settled rule of international law, that when a vessel puts 'in by reason, of distress or any similar cause, she is not to be jhdged by the municipal law. The unjust results to which a different rule. would lead are most apparent. Could we tolerate it, that if one of our own coasters was obliged to put into Cuba, and had regular coasting papers, the Courts of that country should look beyond them, as to proof of property?
If this point be established, is there any difference between property in slaves and other property? They existed as property at the time of the treaty in perhaps every natioil of the globe; they still exist as property in Spain and the United States; they can be demanded as property in the states of this Union to which they fly, and where by the laws they would not, if domiciliated, be property. If, then, they are property, the rules laid down in regard to property extend to them. If they are found on board of a vessel, the evidence of.property should be that which isr recognised as the best in other cases of property-the vessel's papers, accompanied by possession. In the case of the Louis,

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

.545

[The United States v. The Amistad.]

2 Dodson, 238, slav2s are treated of, by Sir William Scott, in

express terms, as property, and lie directed that those taken un-

lawfully from a foreigner should be restored:

In the case of the Antelope, 10 Wheaton, 119, the decision

in the case, of. the Louis is recognised, and the same principle

was fully and completely acted upon. It was there- conceded,

(10 Wheaton, 12,4,) that possession on board of a vessel was

.evidence of property. In the case of Johnson v. Tompkins,

1 Baldwin, 577, it was held that, even where it was a question-

of freedom or slavery, the same rules of evidence prevailed as

in other cases relative to the right of property. In the case of

Choat v. Wright, 2 Devereux, 289, a sale of a slave accompanied

by delivery is valid, though there be no bill of sale. And it is

well settled, that a title to them is vested by the statute of..lmi-

tations, as in othef cases of property. 5 Cranch, .358. 361.

11 Wheaton, 361.

It, then, the same law exists in regard to property in slaves as

in other things; and if documentary evid6nce, from the highest

authority of the country where- the property belonged, accom-

panied with possession, is produced; it follows that the title to

the ovnership of this property is as complete as is required by

law.

But it is said that this evidence is insufficient, because it is in

point of fact fraudulent and untrue. The ground of this asser-

tion is, that the slaves were not property in Cuba, at the d te of

the document signed by the Governor General ; because they had

been lately introduced into that island from Africa, and persons

so introduced were free. To this it is answered that, if it were

so, this Court will not look beyond the authentic evidence uibder

the official certificate of the Governor General; that, if it would,

there is not such evidence as this Court can regard .tobe sufficient

to overthrow the positive statement of that document; and that,

if the evidence were even deemed sufficient to show the recent

introduction of the negroes, it does not establish that they were

free at the date of the certificate.

I. This Court will not look behind the c6rtificate of the. Go-

vernor-General.' It does not appear to be alleged that it is fraud-

ulent in itself. It is found by the District Court to have been

signed by him, and countersigied by the officer of the tustoms.

2z2

69

SUPREME COURT.
[T4* United States 0. The An4stad.]
It was issued by them in the ipproriate exercise of their functions. It resembles an American register or coasting license. Now, all the authorities: that have been cited show that these documents are received as the highest species of evidence, and that, even if there is error in the proceedings on which they are founded. The correctiori mnst.be made by the tribunal from which it emanates. Where- should we stop if we were to refuse to give faith to the documebts -of public officers?' All national inter-ourse, all commerce mst be at an end. If there is error in isuing these papers, the matter must be sent to the tribunals of Spain for correction.
I1. But if this Court will look behind this paper; is the evidence sufficient to contradit it? The. offidial declaration. to be contradicted is certainly of a character n6t to be lightly set aside in the Courts -ofa foreign country. The question is not as to the impression we may, derive from the evidence; but how far is it sfficient to ,justify us in declaring a fatt' in direct *contradiction to such an official declaration. It is not evidence that could be received .according to the established admiralty practice. Seamen (1 Peters, Ad. Dec. 211) on board of a vessel cannot be witnesses for one another in matters where they have a common interest. Again, the principal part of this evidence is not taken under oath. That of Dr. Madden, which is mainly relied upon, is chiefly hearsay; and is contradicted, in some of its most essentialparticulars, by that of other witnesses.
Would this Court be justified, on evidence such as this, in setting aside the admitted certificate of. the Governor General? "Would such evidence, in onie of our own Courts, be deemed adequate to set aside a judicial proceeding, or an act of a public functionary, done in the due exercise of his office? How,'then, can. it be adequate to such an erid, before the tribunals of a foreign country, when they pass upon the internal municipal acts of another government; and when the endeavour is made to set them aside, in a matter relating to their own property and people?
III. But admit this evidence to be competent and sufficient; admit these negroes were brought into Cuba a few weeks before the certificate was given; still, were they not slaves, under the Spanish .laws? It is not 'denied that. negroes imported from

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

547

[The United States v.The Amistad.]

Atica into Cuba, night be slaves. If they are notit is on account of some special law or decree. Has such a law been produced in the present case? The first document produced is the treaty with England, of 23d September, 1817. But that has no such effect. It promises, indeed, that Spain will take into consideration the means. of preventing ihe slave trade, and it points out those means; so far as the trade on the coast of Africa is concerned. But it carefully limits the'ascertainment of any infrifngement to two'special tribunals; one at.Sierra Leone, and the other, at Havana. The next is the decree of December, 1817, which authorizes negroes, brought in against the treaty, to " be declared free." The treaty of 2Sth June, 1835, which is next adduced, is confined entirely to the slave trade on the coast of Africa, or the voyage from there. Now,, it is evident that none of these documents show that these negroes were free in Cuba. 'They had not been "declared free" by any competent tribunal. Even had they been taken actually on board of a vessel engaged ini the .slaye trade, they must have been adjudicated upon at one of the two special courts, and-nowhere else. Can this Court, then, undertake to decide this question of property, when it has not even
been decided by the Spanish Courts; ;ind make such decision in the face of the certificate of the highest functionary of the island ?
It is submitted, then, that if this Court 'does go behind the certificate of the Governor General, anAd look into the fact, whether or not these pdrsons were slaves on the 18th June, 1839, yet there is. no sufficient evidence on which they could adjudge it to be untrue. If this be so, the proof concerning the propierty is sufficient to bring the case within the intention and provisions of the treaty.
The next question is, did the United Statds legally intervene to obtain the decree of the Court for the restoratior of the property, in order that it might be delivered to the Spanish owners, according to the stipulations of the treaty? They did; because the property of foreigners, thus brought under the cognisan.ce of the Uourts, is, of right, deliverable-to the public functionaries of the government t0 which such foreigners belong; -because
those functionaries have r~quir6d the interposition of the United
Stateson their behalf; and because the United States were au-

SUPREME COURT.
[The United States v. The Amistad.]
thorized, on that request, to interpose, pursuant to their treatj obligations.
That the property of foreigners, under such' circumstances, may be delivered to the public functionaries, is so clearly established, by the decisions of this Court, that it is unnecessary tc discuss the point. In the case (2 -Mason; 411, 412. 463) of La Jeune Eugenie, there was a libel of the vessel, as in this case, and a claim interposed by'the French consul, and also by the owners themselves. The Court there directed the delivery of the property to the public functionary. ' In that of the Divina Pastora, 4 Wheat. 52, the Spanish consul interposed. In that of the 'Antelope, 10 Wheat. 68, there were claims interposed, very much as in this case, by the captain as captor, and by the Vice Consuls of Spain and Portugal, for citizens of their respective countries; .and by the United States. Th Court directed their delivery; partly to the Consul of Spain, and partly to the United States.. It is thus settled,'that the public functionaries are entitled to intervene in such cases, on behalf of the citizens of their countries. In the present one, the Spanish minister did so intervene by applying to the United States to adopt,. on his behalf, the necessary proceedings; 'and, upon his doing so, Rui; and 'Tvontez withdrew their separate claims. The United Stateq,,oji their pait, acted as the treaty requirbd. The exe'utive is t;i4r agent in ajI such transactions, and on him devolved the obligat ioj to see this property restcred entire, if due proof concernihg it was made.- The form of proceeding was already established by precedent and by law. The course adopted was exactly that pursued in the cas6 of M'Fadden v. The Exchange, 7 Cranch, 116, where a vessel was libelled in a port of the United States. Being a public vessel of a foreign sovereign, w'hich the government was bound to protect, they intervened exactly in 'the same way. The libel was dismissed, and the vessel restored to the custody of the public officers of France.
It is, therefore, equally clear, that the Uniied States, in this instance,has pursued the course required by the laws of nations; and if the Court are satisfied, on the first point, thiat there is due proof concerning the property, then it ought to be delivered entire, so that it'maybe restored to the Spanish owners. If this be so, the Court below has erred, because it has not decreedany part of'

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

549

[The United States v. The Amitad.]

the property to be delivered entire, except the boy Antonio. From the vessel and cargo, it has deducted the salvage, diminishing them by that amount; and the negroes it has entirely refused to direct to be delivered.

Mr. Baldwin, for tl&e 'defendants in error. In preparing to address this honourable Court, on the questions arising upon this record, in behalf of the humble Africans whom I represent,-contending, as they are, for freedom and for
life, with two powefful governments arrayed against them,--it has been to me a source of high gratification, in this unequal contest, that those questions will be heard and decided by a tribunal, not bnly elevated far above the influence of executive power and popular prejudice, but, from its very constitution, exempt from liability to those imputatiofis to which a Court, less happily constituted, or composed only-of members from one section of the Union, might, however unjustly, be exposed.
This case is not only'one of deep idterest in itself, as affecting
the destiny of the unfortunate Africans, whom I represent, but it involves considerations deeply affecting our,national char&cter in the eyes of the whole civilized world, as well as questions of power on the part of the government of the United States, which are regarded with anxiety and alarm by a large portion of our citizens. It presents, for the first time, the question whether that government, which was established for the promotion of itusTIC--, which was founded on the great principles of the Revolution, as proclaimed in the Declaration of Independence, can, consistently with the genius of our institutions, become a party to proceedings for the enslavement of human beings cast upon our.shores, and found in the condition of freemen within the ter-
ritorial limits of a FREE AND SOVEREIGN STATE ? In the remarks.I shall have occasion to make, it will be my
design to appeal to no sectional 'piejudices, and to assume no positions in which I shall not hope to be sustained by intelligent minds from the south es~well as-from the north. Although Iam in 'favour of the broadest liberty of inquii 7 .aad_.iscussion,happily secured by our Constitution to every citizen, subject only t6 his individual responsibility to the laws for ilp dbuse; -I Ihave
,ever been of' the opinion that the exercise af that libertv byr

550

SUPREME COURT.

[The United-States v. The Amistd.]

citizens of one state, in regard to the institutions of another, should always be guided by discretion, and tempered with kindness.
Mr. Baldwin here proceeded to state all the facts of the case, and the proceedings in the District a-ad Circuit Courts, in support of the motion to dismiss the appeal. As no decision was giveu bythe Court on-the motion, this part of the argument is, necessarily, omitted.
Mr. Baldwin continued: If the government of the United States could appear in any case as the representative of foreigners claiming properti inthe "Courtof Admiralty, it bas no right to appear in their behalf to aid them in the recovery of fugitive slaves, even when domiciled in the country from which they escaped: much less the recefit victims of the African slave trade, who have sought an asylum in one of the free states of the Union, without any. Wrongful act on our part, or. for which, as in the case of the Antelope, we are in any way responsible.
The recently imported Africans of 'the Amistad, if they were ever slaves, which is denied, were in the actual condition of freedoa when tliey came within the jurisdictional limits of the state of New York. They came there without any wrongful act on the part -of any oTfier or citizen of the U nited States. They were in a state where, not only no law existed to make them slaves, but where, by an express statute, all persons, except fugitives, &c., from a sister state, are declared to be free. Theywere under the protection of the laws of a state, which, in the language of the Supreme Court, in the case of Miln v. The City of New York, 11 Peters, 139, "has the same undeniable and unlimited jurisdiction over all persons and things within its territorial limits, as any foreign nation, when that jurisdiction is not surrendered or restrained by trhe Constitution of the United States."
The 'American people have never imposed it as a duty on the government of the United States, to become actors Lan attempt to reduce to slavery, men found in a state of freedom, by givirng extra-territoria. force to a foreign slave law. Such a duty would not only be repugnant to the feelings of a large portion of the citizens of the United States, but it would be wholly inconsistent with the fundamental principles of opr government, and the pur-

JANUARY TERIM, 1841.

551

[The United States v. The Amista.]

poses for which it was established, as well as with its policy in prohibiting the slave trade and giving freedon, :a its victims.
The recovery of slaves for their owners, whether foreign or domestic, is a matter with which the executive of the United States has no concern. The Constitution confers upon the government no power to establish or legalize the institution of slavery. It recognises it as existing in regard to persons held to service by the laws of the states which tolerate it; and contains a compact between the states, obliging them to respect the rights acquired under the slave laws of other states, in the cases specified in the Constitution. But it imposes no duty, and confers no power on the government of the United States to act in regard to it. So far as the compact extends, the Courts of the United States, whether sitting in a free state or a slave state, will give effect to it. Beyond that, all persons within the limits of a state are entitled to the protection of its laws.
If these Africans have been taken from the possession -oftheir Spanish claimants,-and wrongfully brought into the United States by our citizens, a question would have been presented similar to that which existed iut the case of the Antelope. But when men have coibe here voluntarily, without any wrong on the part of the government or citizens of the United States, in withdrawing them from the jurisdiction of the Spanish laws, why should this government be required to become active in their restoration? They appear here as freemen. They are in a'state where they are presumed to be free. They stand before our Courts on equal ground with their claimants; and when the Courts, after an impartial hearing with all parties in interest before them, have pronounced them free, it is neither the duty nor the right of the executive of the United States, to interfere with the decision.
The question of the surrender of fugitive slaves to a foreign claimant, if the right exists at all, is left to the comity of the states which tolerate slavery. The government of the United States has nothing to do with it. In the letter of instructions addressed by Mr. Adams, when Secretary ot State, to Messrs. Gallatin and Rush, dated November ISIS, in relation to a proposed arrangement with Great Brtairi, for a more active co,operation in the suppression of-tbe slave trade,he assigns as a

SUPREME COURT.
[The United States v. The Amistad.]
reason for rejecting the proposition for a mixed commission, "that the disposal of the negroes found on board the slave-trading vessels, which might be condemned by the sentence of the mixed Courts, cannot be carried into effect by the United States." "The condition of the blacks being in this Union regulated by the municipal laws of the separate states, the government of the United States can neither guarantee their liberty in the states where they could only be received as slaves, nor control them in the states where they would be recognised as free." Doc. 48, H. Rep. 2 sess. 16th Cong. p. 15.
It may comport with the interest or feelings of a slave state to surrender a fugitive slave to a foreigner. or at least to expel him from their borders. But the people of New England, except so far as they are bound by the compact, would cherish and protect him. To the extent of the compact we acknowledge our obligation, and have passed laws for its fulfilment. Beyond that our citizens would be unwilling to go.
A state has no power to surrender a fugitive criminal to a foreign govemment for punishment; because that is necessarily a matter of national concern. The fugitive is demanded for a national purpose. But the question of the surrender of fugitive slaves concerns individuals merely. They are demanded as property only, and for private purposes. It is, therefore, a proper subject for the action- of the ,state, and not of the national authorities.
The surrender of neither is demandable of right, unless stipulated by treaty. See as to the surrender of fugitive criminals, 2 Brock. Rep. 493. . 2 Sumner, 482. 14 Peters, 540. Doe. 199, H. R. 26 Cong. p. 53. 70. 10 Arter, State Pap. 151. 153. 433. 3 Hall's Law Jour. 135. An overture was once made by'the government, of the United.. States to negotiate a treaty with Great Britain for the mutual surrender of fugitive slaves. But it was instantly repelled by the British government. It may well be doubted whether tatch a stipulation is within the treatymaking power under the Constitution, of the United States. "The power to make' treaties," says Chief Justice Taney, 14 Peters, 569, "is given in general terms, .... and consequently it was designed to include all those subjects which in the ordinary intercourse of nations htad usually.been made subjects

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

553

[The United States v.The Amistad.]

of negotiation and treaty; and which are consistent with the nature of our institutions, and the distribution of powers between the general and state governments." See Holmes v. Jennison,
14 Peters, 569. Buthowever this may be,the attempt to introduce it is evidence that, unless provided for by treaty, the obligation to surrender was not deemed to exist
We deny that Ruiz and 'Montez, Spanish subjects, had a right to call on any officer or Court of the United States fo use the force of the government, or the process of the law for the purpose of again enslaving. those who have thus escaped .frorhL foreign slavery, and sought an asylum here; We deny-that the seizure of these persons by Lieutenant Gedney for such a pur-

pose was a legal or justifiable act. How would it be-independently of the treaty between the
United States and Spain-upon the principles of our government, of the common law, or of the law of nations?
If a foreigli slave vessel, engaged in a traffic which by our laws is denounced as inhuman and piratical- should be captured by the slaves while on her voyage fronm Africa to Cuba, and they should succeed in reaching our shores, have the Constitution or laws of the United States imposed upon our judges, our naval officers, or our executive, the duty of seizing the unhappy fugiti-tes and delivering them up to their oppressors? Did the people of the United States, whose government is based on the great principles of the Revolution, proclainied in the Declaration of Independence, confer upon the federal executive, or judicial tribunals, the power of making our nation accessories to such atrocious violations of human right?
Is there any principle of international law, or law of comity which requires it? Are our Courts bound, and if not, are they at liberty, to give effect here to the slave trade laws of a foreign nation; to laws affecting strangers, never domiciled there, when, to give them such effect would be to violate the natural rights of men?
These questions are answered in the negative by all the most approved writers on the laws of nations. I Burg. Confi. 741.

Story, Confl. 92.

By the law of France, the slaves of their colonies, immedi-

ately on their arrival in France, become free. In the case of

VOL. XV.-S A

70

554

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. The Amistad.]
Forbes v. Cochrane, 2 Barn. and Cress. 463, this question is elaborately discussed and settled by the English Court of King's Bench.
By the law of the state of New York, a foreign slave escaping into that state becomes free. And the Courts of the United States, in acting upon the personal rights of men found within the jurisdiction of a free state, are bound to administer the laws as they would be administered by the state Courts, in all cases in which the laws of the state do not conflict with the laws or obligations of the United States. The United States as a nation have prohibited the slave trade as inhuman and piratical, and they have no law authorizing the enslaving of its victims. It is a maxim, to use the words of an eminent English judge, in the case of Forbes v, Cochrane, 2 Barn. and Cress., "that which is called comitas inter communitates, cannot prevail in any case, where it violates the law of our own country, the law of nature, or the law of God." 9 Eng. C. L. R. 149. And that the laws of a nation, proprio vigore, have no force beyond its own territories, except so far as it respects its owh citizens, who owe it allegiance, is too familiarly settled to need the citation of authorities. See 9 Wheaton, 366. Apollon, 2 Mason, 151-158. The rules on this subject adopted in the English Court of Admiralty are the same which prevail in their Courts of common law, though they have decided in the case of The Louis, 2 Doason, 238, as the Supreme Court did in the case of the Antelope, 10 Wheaton, 66, that as the slave trade was not, at. that time, prohibited by the law of nations, if a foreign slaver was captured by an English ship, it was a wrongful act, which it would be the duty of the Court of Admiralty to repair by restoring the possession. The principle of amoveas riianus, adopted in these cases, has no application to the case of fugitives from slavery.
But it is claimed that if these Africans, though "recently imported into Cuba," were by the laws of Spain the property of Ruiz and Montez, the government of the United States is bound by the treaty to restore them; and that, therefore, the intervention of the executive in these proceedings is proper for that purpose. It has already, it is believed, been shown that even if the case were within the treaty, the intervention of the executive as a party before the judicial tribunals was unnecessary and impro-

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

555

LThe United States v. The Amistad.]
per, since the treaty provides for its own execution by the Courts, on the application of the parties in.interest; And such a resortis expressly provided in the twentieth article of the.treaty of 1794 with Great Britain, abd in the twenty-sixth article of the treaty of 1801 with the French Blepublic, both'of which are in other respects similar to the.,ninth article of the Spanish treaty, on which the Attorney General has principally relied.
The sixth article of the Spanish treaty has received a judicial construction in the case of the Santissima Trinidad, 7 Wheaton, 284, where it was decided that the obligation assumed is-simply that of protecting belligerent vessels from capture within our jurisdiction. It can have no application therefore to a case like the present.
The ninth article of.that treaty provides 'that all ships a-ad merchandise of what nature soever, which shall be rescued out of the hands of pirates or robbers, on the high seas, shall be brought into some port of either state, and shall be delivered to the custody of the officers of that port,-in order to be taken care of, and restored entire to the true proprittors, as sooxi as due and sufficient proof shall be made concerning the property thereof."
To render this clause of the treaty applicable to the case under consideration, it must b6 assumed that under the term" merchandise" the contracting parties intended to .include slaves; and that slaves, themselves the recent victims of piracy, who, by a successful revolt, have achieved their deliverance from slavery, on the high seas, and have javailed themselves of the means of .escape of which they have thus acquired the possession, are to be deemed "pirates and robbers," "from whose hands" such "merchandise has been rescued."
It is believed that such a construction of the words of the treaty is not in accordance with the rules of interpretation which ought to govern our Courts; and that when there is no special reference to human beings as property, who are not acknowledged as such by the law or comity of nations generally, but only by the municipal laws of the particular nations which tolerate, slavery, it cannot be presumed that the contracting parties intended to include them under the general term "merchandise." As has already been remarked, it may well be doubted

556

SUPREME COURT.

[The Unitea States v. The Amistad.]

whether such a stipulation would be within the treaty-making power of the United States. It is to be remembered that the government.of the United States is based on the principles promulgated in the Declaration df Independence by the Congress of 1776;. "that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; and that to se',ure these rights governments are instituted."
The convention which formed the Federal Constitution, though they recognised slavery as existing in regard to persons held to labour by the laws of the states which tolerated it, were careful to exclude from that instrument every expression that might be construed into an admission that there could be property in men. It appears by the report of the proceedings of the convention, S(3,Madison Papers, 142S,) that the first clause of section 9, article 1, which provides for the imposition of a tax or~duty on the importation of sach persons as any of the states, then existing, might think proper to admit, &c., "not exceeding ten dollars for each person," was. adopted in its present form, in consequence of the opposition by Roger Sherman and James Madison to the clause as it was originally reported, on the ground, "that it admitted that there could be-property in men ;" an idea which Mr. Madison said "he thought it wrong to admit in the Constitution." The words reported by the committee, and stricken -out on this 6bjection, were: "a tax or duty may be imposed on such migration or importation at a rate not exceeding the average of the duties laid upon imports." The Constitution as it now stands will be searched in vain for an expression recognising human beings as merchanidise or legitimate subjects of commerce. In the case of New York v. Miln, 11 Peters, 104. 136, Judge Barbour, in giving the opini6n of the Court, expressly declares, in reference to the power "to regulate commerce" conferred on Congress by the Constitution, that "persons are not the subjects of commerce." Judging from the public sentiment'which prevailed ai the time of the adoption of the Constitution, it is prbbable that the first act of the government in the exercise of its power to regulate commerce, would have been to prohibit the slave trade, if it had not bdern restrained until 1808, from prohibiting the importation of'such persons as any of the states,

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

657

(The United States v. The Amistad.)

then existing, should think proper to admit. But could Congress have passed an act authorizing the importation of slaves as articles of commerce, into any state in opposition to a law of the state, prohibiting their introduction? If they could, they may now force slavery into every state. For no state can prohibit the introduction of legitimate objects of foreign commerce, when authorized by Congress.
The United States must be regarded as comprehending free states as well as slave states: states which do not recognise slaves as property, as well as states which do so regard them. When all speak as a nation, general expressions ought to be construed to mean what all understand to be includea in them; at all events, what may be included consistently with the law of nature.
The ninth article of the Spanish treaty was copied from the sixteenth article of the treaty with France, concluded in 1778, in the midst of the war of the Revolution, in which the great principles of liberty proclaimed in the Declaration of Independence were vindicated by our fathers.
By "merchandise rescued from pirates," the contracting parties must have had in view property, which it would be the duty of the public ships of the United States to rescue from its unlawful possessors. Because, if it is taken from those who are rightfully in possession, the capture would be wrongful, and it would be our duty to restore it. But is it a duty which our naval officers owe-to a nation tolerating the slave trade, to subdue for their kidnappers the revolted victims of their cruelty? Could the people of the United State , consistently with their principles. as a nation, have ever consented to a treaty stipulation which would impose such a duty on our naval officers? a duty Which would drivd every citizen of a free state from the service of-his country? Has our government, which has been so cautious as not to oblige itself to surrender the most atrocious criminals, who have sought an asylum in the United States, bound itself, under the term "merchandise," to seize and surrender fugitive slaves?
The subject of the delivery of fugitives was under consideration before and during the negotiation of the Treaty of San Lorenzo; and was purposely omitted in the treaty. Sec. 10 Waite's State Papers, 151. 433.* Our treatibs with Tunis and Algiers contain similar expressions, in which both-parties stipu-
3A2

558

SUPREME COURT.

[The Unitid States v. The Amistad.]
late for the protection of the property of the subjects of each within the jurisdiction of the other. The Algerine regarded his Span- h captive as property; but was it ever supposed, that if an Alghrine corsair should be seized by the captive slaves on board of her, it would be the duty of our naval officers, or our Courts of Admiralty, to recapture and i estore .them?
The phrase6logy of the entire article in the treaty, clearLy shows that it was intended to apply only to inanimate things, or' irrational animals; such as are universally regarded as property. It is "merchandise rescued from the hands of pirates and robbers on the high seas" that is to be restored. There is no provision for the surrender of the pirates themselves. And the reason is, because the article has reference only to those who are "1hostes humani generis," whom it is lawful for, and the duty of all nations to capture and to punish. If these Africans were "1pirates" or sea robbers, whom our naval officers might lawfully seize, it would be our duty to detain them for punishment; and then what would become of the "1merchandise ?"
But they were not pirates, nor in anysense hostes humani generis. Cinque, the master-spirit who guided them, had a single object in view. That object was-not piracy or r6 erybut the deliverance of himself and his companions in sulering, from unlawful bondage. They owed no allegiance to ,Spain. Thdy were on board of the Amistad by constraint. Their object was to free themselves from the fetters that bound them, in order that they might return to their kindred and their home. In so doing they were guilty of no crime, for vihich they could be held responsible .as pirates. See Bee's Rep. 273. Suppose they had been impressed American seamen, who had regained their liberty -in a sirfiilar manner, would they in that case have been deemed guilty of piracy and murder? Not in the opinion of Chief Justice Marshall. In his celebrated speech in justification of the surrender b President Adams of Nash under the British trety, he says: "Had Thomas Nash been an impressed American, the homicide on board the Hermione would most certainly not have been murder. The act of impressing an American is an act of lawless violence. The confinement on -board a vessel is a continuation of that violence, and an additional outrag6. Death

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

559

[The United States v. The Amistad.]
committed within the United States in resisting such violence, would not have been murder." Bee's Rep. 290.
The United States, as a nation, is to be regarded as a free state. And all men being presumptively free, when "merchandise" is spoken of in the treaty of a free state, it cannot be presumed that human beings are intended to be included as such. Hence, whenever our government have intended to speak of negroes as property, in their treaties, they have been specifically mentioned, as in the treaties with Great Britain, of 1783 and 1814. It was on the same principle, that Judge Drayton, of South Carolina, decided, in the case of Almeida, who had captured, during the last war, an English vessel with slaves, that the word "property" in the prize act, did not include negroes, and that they must be regarded as prisoners of war, and not sold or distributed merchandise. 5 Hall's Law Journal, 459.
And it was for the same reason, that it was deemed necessary in the Constitution, to insert an express stipulation in regard to fugitives from service. The law of comity would have obliged each state to protect and restore property belonging to a citizen of another, without such stipulation; but it would not have required the restoration of fugitive slaves from a sister state, unless they had -been expressly mentioned.
In the interpretation of treaties we ought always to give such a construction to the words as is most consistent with the customary use of language; most suitable to the subject, and to the legitimate powers of the contracting parties; most conformable to the declared principles of the government; such a constructiono as will not lead to injustice to others, or in any way violate the laws of nature.
These are, in substance, the rules of interpretation as given by Vattel, b. ii. ch. 17. The construction claimed in behalf of the Spanish libellants, in the present case, is at war with them all.
It would be singular, indeed, if the tribunals of a government which has declared the slave-trade piracy, and has, bound itself by a solemn treaty with Great Britain, in 1814, to make continued efforts "to promote its entire abolition, as a traffic irrecon-
cilable with the principles of humanity and justice," should construe the general expressions of a treaty which since that period

560

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. The Amistad.]

has been revised by the contracting parties, as obliging this nation to commit the injustice of tfeating as property the recent victims of this horrid traffic; more especially when it is borne'in mind, that the government of Spain, anterior to the revision of the treaty in 1819, had formally notified our government that Africans were no longer the legitimate objects of trade; with a declaration that "His majesty felt 'confident that- a measure so completely in harmony with the sentiments of this government, and of all the inhabitants of this republic, could not fail to be equally agreeable to the President." Doc. 48. 2 sess. 16 Cong.
p.S. Would the people of the United States, in 1819, have assented
to such a treaty? Would it not have furnished just ground of complaint by Great Britain, as a violation of the 10th article of the treaty of Ghent?
But even if the treaty 'inits terms were such as to oblige us to violate towards strangers the immutable laws of justice, it would, according to Va~tel, impose no obligation. Vattel, c. 1,  9; b. ii. c. 12,  161 ; c. 17,  311.
The law of nature and the law of nations, bind us as effectually to render justice to the African, as the treaty can to the Spaniard. Before a foreign tribunal, the parties litigating the question of freedom or slavery, stand on equal ground. And in a case like this;where it is admitted that the Africans were recently imported, and consequently never domiciled in Cuba, and owe no allegiance to'its laws, their rights are to be determined by that law which is of universal obligation-the law of nature.
If, indeed, the vessel in which they sailed had been driven upon our coast by stress of weather or other unavoidable cause, -and they -had arrived here in the actual possession of their alleged bwners, and had been slaves by the law of the country from which they sailed, anl where they were domiciled, it would have been a very different question, whether the Courts of the United States could interfere to liberate them, as was dole at Bermuda by the colonial tribuhal, in the case of the Enterprise.
But in this case there has been no possession of these Africang by their claimants within our jurisdictioii, of which they have been deprived, by the act of our government or its officers; 'and neither by the law of.comity, or by force of the treaty, are the

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

561

[The United States v. The Amistad.]
officers or Courts of the United States required, or by the principles of our government permitted to become actors in reducing them to slavery.
These preliminary questions have been made on account of the imp'ortant principles involved in them, and not from any unwillingness to meet the question between the Africans and their claimants upon the facts in evidence, and on those alone, to vindicate their claims to freedom.
Suppose, then, the case to be properly here: and that Ruiz and Montez, unprejudiced by the decree of the Court below, were at liberty to take issue with the Africans upon their answer, and to call upon this Court to determine the question of liberty or property, how stands the case on the evidence before the Court?
The Africans, when found by Lieutenant Gedney, were in a free state, where alr men are presumed to be free, and were in the actual condition of freemen. The burden of proof, therefore, "rests on those who assert them to be slaves. 10 Wheaton, 66. 2 Mason, 459. When they call on the Courts of the United States to reduce to slavery men who are apparently free, they must show some law, having force in the place where they were taken, which makes them slaves, or that the claimants are entitled in our Courts to have some foreign law, obligatory on the Africans as well as on the claimants, enforced in respect to them; and that by such foreign law they are slaves.
It is not pretended that there was any law existing in the place where they wdre found, which made them slaves, but it is claimed that by the laws of Cuba they were slaves to Ruiz and Montez; and that those laws are to be here enforced. But before the laws of Cuba, if any such there be, can be applied to affect the personal status of individuals within a foreign jurisdiction, it is very clear that it must bE. shown 'that they were domiciled in Cuba.
It is admitted and proved in this case that these negroes are natives of Africa, and recently imported into Cuba. Their domicil of origin is consequently the place of their birth in Africa. And the presumption of law is, always, that the domicil of origin, is retained until the change is proved. 1 Burge's Conflict. 34.
71

562

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. The Amista.]

The burden of proving the change is cast on him who alleges it. 5 Vesey, 787.
The domicil of origin prevails until the party has not only acquired another, but has manifested and carried into execution an intention of abandoning his former domicil, and acquiring another, as his sole domicil. As it is the Will or intention of the party which alone determines what is the real place of domicil which he has chosen, it follows that a former domicil is not abandoned by residence in another, if that residence be not voluntarily chosen. Those who are in exile, or in prison, as they are never presumed to have abandoned all hope of return, retain their former domicil. 1 Burg. 46. That these victims of fraud and piracy-husbands torn from their wives and families-children from their parents and kindred-neither intended to dbandonfthe land of their nativity, nor had lost all hope of recovering it, sufficiently appears from the facts on this record. It cannot, surely, be claimed that a residence, under such circumstances, of these helpless beings for ten days in a slave barracoon, before they were transferred to the Amistad, changed their native domicil for that of Cuba.
It is not only incumbent on the claimants to prove that the Africans are domiciled in Cuba, and subject to its laws, but they must show that sorhe law existed there by which "recently imported Africans" can be lawfully held in slavery. Such a law is not to be presumed, but the contrary. Comity would seem to require of us to presume that a traffic 'so abhorrent to the feelings of the whole civilized world is not lawful in Cuba. These respondents having been born free, and having been recently imported into :Cuba, have a: right to be everywhere regarded as free, until some law obligatory on them is produced authorizing their enslavement. Neither the law of nature nor the law of nations authorizes the slave-trade; although. it was holden in the case of the Antelope, that the law of nations did not at that time actually prohibit it. If they are slaves, then, it must be by some positive law of Spain, existing at the time of their recent importation. No such law is exhibited. On the contrary, it is proved by the deposition of Dr. Madden, one of the British commissioners resident at Havana, that since the year 1820, there has been no such law in force there, either statute or common law.

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

563

[The United States v.Th Amistad.]

But we do not rest the case here. We are willing to assume the burden of proof. On the 14th of May, 1818, the Spanish government, by their mipiister, announced to the government of the United States that the slave-trade was prohibited by Spain; and by express command of the King of Spain, Don Onis communicated to the President of the United States the treaty ivith Great Britain of September 23d, 1817, by which the King of Spain, moved partly by mbtives of humanity, and partly in consideration of four hundred thousand pounds sterling, paid to him by the British government for the accomplishment of so desirable an object, engaged that the slave-trade should be abolished throughout the dominions of Spain, on the 30th May, 1820. By the ordinance of the King.of Spain of December, 1817, it is directed that every African imported into any of the colonies of Spair in violation of the treaty, shall be declared free in the first port at which he shall arrive.
By the treaty between Great Britain and Spain of the'28th bf June, 1835, which is declared to be made for the purpose of
"rendering the means taken for abolishing the inhuman traffic in slaves more effective," and to be in the spirit of the treaty contracted between both powers on the 23d of September, 1817, "the slave-trade is again ddclared on -the part of Spain to be henceforward totally and finally- abolished, in all parts of the world." And by the royal ordinance of November 2d, 1838, the Governor and the naval officers having command on the'coast of Cuba, are stimulated to greater vigilance to suppress it.
Such, then, being the laws in force in all the dominions of Spain, and such the conceded facts in regard to the nativity and recent importation of these Africans, upon what plausible ground can it be cloted by the government of the United States, that they were slates in the island of Cuba, and are here to be treated
as property, and not as human beings? The only evidence exhibited to prove them slaves, are the
papers of the Amistad; giving to Jose Ruiz permission to transport forty-nine Ladinos belonging to him, from Havana to Puerto Principe; and a like permit to Pedro Montez, to transport thee Ladinos. For one of the four Africans, claimed by Montez, (the, boy Ka-le,) there is no permit at all.
It has been said in an official opinion by the late Attorney

564

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. The Amistad.]

General, (Mr. Grundy,) that "1as this vessel cleared out from one Spanish port, to another Spanish port, with papers regularly authenticated by the proper officers at Havana, evidencing. that these negroes were slaves, and that the destination of the vessel was to another Spanish port, the government of the United States would not be authorized to go into an investigation for the pur-pose of 'ascertaining whether th6 facts stated in those papers by the Spanish officers are true or not;",-"1 that if it were to permit itself to go behind the papers of the schooner Amistad, it would place itself in the embarrassing condition of judging upon Spanish laws, their force, effect, and application to the case under consideration." In .support of this opinion, a reference is made to the opinion of this Court, in the case of Arredondq, 6 Pet. 729, where it is stated to be "a universal principle, that wheie power or jurisdiction is delegated to.any public officer or tribunal over a subject-matter, and its exercise is confided to his or their discretion, the acts so done are binding and valid as to the subjectmatter; and individual rights will not be disturbed collaterally for .any thing done in the exercise of that discretion within the authority conferred. The only questions which.can arise between an individual claiming a-right under the acts done, and the public, or any person denying its validity, are power in the officer, and fraud in the party."
The principle thus stated, was applicable to the case then before the Court, which related-to the validity of a gkant made by a public officer; but it does not tend to support the position for which it is cited in the present case. For, in the first place, there was no jurisdictio'h over these newly imported Africans, by the laws of Spain, to make them slaves, any more than if they had been white men. The ordinance.of the king declared them free.. Secundly, there was no intentional exercise of jurisdiction over them for such a purpose, by the officer who granted the permits; and, thirdly, the permits were fraudulently obtained, and frauidulently used by the p6iirtfis claiming to take benefit of them. For the purposes for which -they are attempted to be applied, the, permits are as inoperative as would be a grant from a public
'officer, fraudulently obtained, where the state had no title to the thing granted, and the officer no authority to issue the grant. See 6 Ppters, 730. 5 Wheat. 303

JANUARY TERM) 1841.

565

[The United States v. The Amistad.]

But it is said, we have no right to place ourselves in the position of judging upon the Spanish laws. How can our Courts do otherwise, when Spanish subjects call upon them to enforce rights which, if they exist at all, must exist by force of Spanish laws? For what purpose did the government of Spain communicate to the govefnment of the United States, the fact of the prohibition of 'the slave-trade, unless it was that it might be known and acted upon by our Courts? Suppose the permits to Ruiz and Montez had, been granted for the express purpose of consigning to perpetual slavery, these recent victims of this prohibited trade, could the government of Spain now ask the government or the Courts of the United States, to give validity to' the acts of a colonial officer, in direct violation of that prohibition; and thus make us aiders and abettors in. what we know to be in atrocious wrong?
.It may be admitted that, even after such an annunciation, our cruisers could not lawfully seize a Spanish slaver, cleare& out as such by the Governor of Cuba: but if*the Africans on board of. her could effect their own deliverance, hnd" reach our shords, has not the government of Spain authorized us to treat them with h6spitality as freemen? Could the Spanish minister, without offence, ask the government of the United States to seize these victims of fraud and felony, and treat them as property, because a colonial governor had thought Proper to violate the ordinance of his king, in granting a permit fo a slaver?
, But in this case we make no -charge upon the Governor of
Cuba. A fraud upon him is proved to have been practised by Ruiz and Montez. He fiever undertook to assume jurisdiction over these Africans as slaves, or to decide any question in regard to them. He simply issued, on the application of 'Ruiz and Montez, passports for Ladino slaves from Havana to Puertoi Principe. When .under colour of those passports, they fraudulently put on board the .Amistad, Bozals, who by'the laws of Spain could not be slaves, we surely manifest no disrespect to the acts. of the Governor, by giving efficacy to the laws of Spain, and denying to Ruiz and Montez the benefit of their fraud, The custom house, license, to which the name of Espeleta in print was appended, was not a document given or intended to be used .as evidence of property between Roiz and Montez, and the
VOL. XV.-3 B

SUPREME COURT.
[The United Stawt .The Amistad.]
Africans; 'any more than a permit from our customhouse would be to settle conflicting.claims of ownership to the articles contained in the manifest. As between the government and the shippers, it would be evidence if the negroes described in the passport were adtually put on board, and were, in truth, the property of Ruiz and Montez, that they were legally shipped; that the customhouse forms had been complied with; and nothing more. But in view of facts as they appear, and are admitted in the present case, the passports seem to have been obtained by Ruiz and Montez, only as a part of the nedessary machinery for the completion of a slave voyage. The evidence tends strongly to prove that Ruiz, at least, was concerned in the importation of these Africans, and that the reshipment of them under colour of passports obtained for Ladinos, as the property of Ruiz and Montez, in connection with the false representation on the papers of the schooner, that they were "passengers for the government," was an artifice resorted to by these slave-traders, for the double purpose of evading the scrutiny of British cruisers, and legalizing the transfer of their victims to the place of their ultimate destination. It is a remarkable circumstance, that though more than a year has elapsed, since the decree of the District Court denying the title of Ruiz and Montez, and pronouncing the Africans free, not a particle of evidence has since been produced in support of their claims. And yet, strange as it may seem, during all this time, not only the sympathies of the Spanish minister, but the powerful aid of our own government have been enlisted in their behalf!
It was the purp6se of the. Reporter "to insert the able and ,interesting argumedt of Mr. Adams, for the African appellees; and the publication of the "Reports" has been pdstponed in the hope of obtaining it, prepared by himself. It has not been received. As many of the pointspresented by Mr. Adams, in the cliscussion of. the cause, were not considered by the Court essential to its decision: and were ndt taken notice of in the -pinion of the Court, delivered by Mr. Justice STORY, the necessary omission of the argument is submitted to with less regret.

JANUARY TERM. 1841.

567

[The United States v. The Amistad.]

Mr. Gilpin, the Attorney-General, in reply. The judiciary act, which gives to this Court its powers, so far as they depend on the legislature, directs that, on an appeal from
the decree of an inferior Court, this Court shall render such judgment as the Court below did, or should have rendered. It is to obtain from it such a decree in this case, that the United States present themselves here as appellants.
At the threshold of their application, the right so to present themselves is denied. They are to be turned away, as suitors having no claim to such interposition. The argument has gone a step further; it seems now to be contended, that their appearance in the Court below,'which was not then objected to, is to be regarded as destitute of right, equally with their presbnt appearalice here. They are not even mere interlopers, seeking justicewithout warrant; they are dictators, in the form of supplicants, and their suggestions to the Court, and their. application for its judgment, upon solemn and important questions of fact, are distorted by an ingenious logic which it is difficult to follow. Applications, made without the slightest"expression of a wish, except to obtain that judgment, and in a form which, it might be supposed, woald secure admission into any Court, are repudiated, under the harsh name of "executive interference." Yet in what single respect do the facts of this case sustain such allegations? How can it be justly said that -there has been any "executive interference," not resulting from the adoption of that course which public duty made incumbent; and conducted in the manner, and in that manner only, which was required by that sense of public duty, from which, no officer; possessing a due regard for the obligations of his trust, will ever shrink?
In what situation is the case when it is first presented to the notice of the government of the United States? On nearly, if not exactly the same day that the Secretary of State receives from the minister of Spain an officidl communication, dated at New York, and stating the facts connected with the schooner L'Amistad, then just brought withifi the territory of the United States; stating also, that the vessel is a Spanish vessel,-laden
with merchandise, and with sundry negro slaves on board, accompanied with all the documents required by the laws of .Spain, for navigating a vessel, and for proving ownership of

SOB

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. The Amistad.]
property; and then making an application to the government of the United States to interpose, so that the property thus within our territory, might be restored to Its owners pursuant to the treaty; and asserting also, that the negroes, who were guilty, as he contended, of a crime for which they ought to be punished, ought to be delivered up on that account, too, pursuant to the law of nations-on or about the same day, the letter of the District Attorney, which, though dated a day earlier, is. written in Connecticut, also -reaches the Department of State, *conveying the information that this same property and these same negroes are already within the custody and authority of the judicial tribunals of the United States, by virtue of process, civil and criminal, issued by a judge of the United States, after solemn and deliberate inquiry. The vessel, the cargo, and the negroes had been all taken possession of by a warrant issued by the Court, "as property;" they were then, at that very time, in the custody, keeping, and possession of.the Court, as property, without the slightest suggestion having been made by the executive branch of the government, or even a knowledge of the fact on its part; and when its interposition is formally solicited, its first information relative to the case received, it finds the subject of the demand already under the control of the judicial branch.
In this situation, the executive government, thus appealed to and thus informied, looks to its treaty stipulations, the most solemn and binding compacts that nations know among each other, and the obligations ofbwhich can never be treated lightly, so long as good faith forms the first duty of every community. Those stipulations entered into in 1795, (1 Laws of United States, 266,) provide, in the first place, (article 6,) that each party to the treaty, the United States and Spain, shall "endeavour, by all means in their power, to protect and defend all vessels and other effects belonging to the citizens or subjects of 'he other, which shall be within the extent of their jurisdiction." Again, in the eighth article, it is declared, that "in case the subjects or inhabitants of"either country shall, with their shipping, be forced, through stress of weather-, or any other urgent necessity for seeking :shelter; t6 enter any port of the other, they shall enjoy all favour, protection, and help." .-Again, in the ninth article, it is provided, that "all.ships and merchandise, of what nature soever,

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

569

[The United States v.The Amisd.]

which shall be rescued out of the hands of hny pirates or robbers

on the high seas, shall be brought into some port of either state,

and shall be delivered into the custody of the officers of that port,

in order to be taken-care of, and restored entire to the true pro-

p ietor, as soon as due and sufficient proof shall be made con-

cerning the property thereof." In the sixteenth article it is

further declared, .that the liberty of navigation and commerce

meant by the treaty, shall extbnd to all kinds of merchandise,

excepting those only which are contraband, and they are ex-

pressly enumerated; and inthe twenty-second article, the object

of the treaty is declared t6 be "the- extension of mutual com-

merce." When these stipulations were thus made, slaves were

a notorious article of merchandise and traffic in each country;

Aiot only-were they so in the United States, btit there was a con-

stitutional provision, prohibiting -Congress from interfering to

prevent their importation, as such, from abroad. This treaty,

with these provisions thus solemnly and carefully framed, was

renewed in 1819; was declared to be still in existence and force.

It is declared, (7 Laws of United States, 624,) that every one

6f the 'articles- above quoted "remains donfirmed." It stands

exactly as it stood in 1795; and, in the year 1821, after both

governments had abolished the slave-trade, the provisions

-.adopted in 1795 are thus, as to "every clause and article there-

of," so renewed, solemnly ratified, and confirmed by the Presi-

dent and Senate of the United States. No clause is introduced

to vary the nature or character of the merchandise; none to les-

sen or change the obligations, as would have been the case', had

any such change been contemplated; but the two treaties, having

the final date of 1821, bear the character of a single instru-

ment.

-NoW these are mtipulations too clear to be misunderstood; too

imperative to-be wantonly neglected. C6uld we not ask of

Spain the fulfilment of every one of them towards our own citi-

zens? If so, were we not bound, at least, to see that, through

some public functionary, or by'some means in which -nations

fulfil mutual obligations, they were performed by us to the sub-

jects of Spain whenever the casus federis shoqid arise ?

Did it arise in this case? Here were unquestionably, as the

representative of Spain believed and stated)'a !essel and effects

3 B2

72

SUPREME COURT.
[The United States v. The Amistad.]
of subjects of that country within our jurisdiction-; here was a vessel and merchandise rescued, as he alleged, from the hands of robbers, brought into one of our ports, and already in the custody of public officers. Did not a treaty stipulation r ,quire the United States to "endeavour b all means in their power to protect and defend this property?" Did not a treaty stipulationrequire us to "extend to them all favour, protection, and help?" Did not a treaty stipulation bind us to "restore, entire, the, property to the true proprietors, as soon as due and sufficient proof should be made conqerning the same?" If nor, then is there no force and meaning in language; and the words of solemn treaties are an idle breath, of which nations may be as regardless as of the passing wind.
The case then had arisen where it was the duty of the United States, as parties to..this treaty, to interfere and see that its stipulations were performed. How were they to interfere? Certainly at the instance of the executive, through the medium of the judiciary, in whose dustody and under whose control the property claimed already was. The 'questions incident to due and sufficient proof of property are-clearly judicial questions; but when that property is already in the custody and under the' jurisdiction of a Court, they.are so from necessity, as it is desirable they always should be, from choice. This position, never denied, was eloquently urged by the counsel of these ndgroes when they first addreised the executive on the subject,. (Cong..Doc. No. 185, p. 64,) and to that view they added the request that he "would submit the question for adjudication to the tribunals' bf the land."
He did so. He interposed at the instance of the Spanish minister to fulfil a treaty stipulation, by causing a suggestion to be filed in the Court which had already taken cognisance of thbi .wbject-matt6r, and which had the property in its custody. ,That suggestion stated the allegation of the Spanish ffiinister, that this wai property which 6ught to be restored under the treaty; prayed in effect an inquiry of the Court into that fact; and requested such a decree, after such inquiry, as might enable the Uniteff States as a nation to fulfil their treaty obligations to the Spanish nation.. This has been called "execntive -. uterference" and 1'e'xecutive dictation." To answer-such a charge in

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

571

[The Unied States v.The Amit ]]

any other way than by appealing to the facts, would he to trespass on the patience of the Court.
As if such charges were felt to be insuficien't, an- attempt is niade by argument to prove that jhe government of the United States had no right thus to interpose; no right to make this suggestionto the.District Court. And whynot? It is said, because there is no law giving this power, and it cannot be implied; because in a question of private property it must be left to the parties alone to prosecute their rights, and the parties in this case were already doing so for themselVes; and because it was an interference and encroachmefit of the executive on the province of the Court, not sanctioned by any precedent. These are the grounds that have been taken, and it might be sufficient to say that although every one of them existed in as full force when the case was tried in the District Court, none of them were there taken ; although every one of them was known before the plea, and answer of the respondents, they started none .of these objections.' After the decree and judgment of the Court below, it is too late to start them. But there is nothing in them, whenever made.
I. The executive government was bound to take the proper steps for having the treaty executed, and these were the proper steps. - A treaty is the supreme law; the executive duty is especially to take card that the laws be faithfully executed; no branch of this duty is more -usual or apparent thain that which is exe-cuted in connection with the proceedings and decrees of Courts. What special assignment, by act of Congress, has been made of -the executive duties in the fulfilment of laws through the decrees and judgments of the judiciary? Yet it is matter of daily occurrence. What gives the District Attorney a right to file his libel against a package of goods which the law says shall be forfeited on proof being made tfiat they are falsely invoiced, any more than to file his libel against a vessel and her cargo, which a treaty (a still higher law) declares shall be restored on proof concerning the ptoperty thereof? In the one case it is the execution of a law, by an executive officer, through the medium or in connection with the Courts; in the other case it is the execution of a treaty in a similar manner. But in the latter the duty is, if possible, more imperative, since the execution of treaties

572

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. The Amiatad.]

being connected with public and foreign'relations, is devolved upon the executive branch. These princip'les are'clearly stated by this Court in the case of the Peggy, 1 Cranch, 103; and more fully in that of Williams v. The Suffolk Insurance Company, 13 Peters, 420.
As to its being a question of private property, which the parties might themselves prosecute, it is not perceived how this
impairs the right, or even lessens the obligation of the United States to interfere,to the extent and in the mainer they did, especially when solicited by the minister representing these parties; they appear on behalf, or at the instance of a foreign sovereignty in alliance with them, which assumes itself the rights and interests of the parties; those parties withdraw, as this record expressly shows, when they so appear; no act of theirs occurs after the interposition of the United States at the instance of the Spanish minister, and it is expressly stated that they so withdrew, because their claims were merged in that which was thus presented. This appearance of the United States is not, as has been argued, a substitution of themselves as parties in interest; it is a substitution under a treaty obligation; a substitution assumed in their public character to perform a public duty, by means of which the further prbsecution of the individuals is (as the treaty intended it should be) rendered unnecessary. Besides, what is thdre to show that all the parties having an interest in this property were before the Court? It is nowhere so stated; and, if they were not, the objections totally fail.
How this proceeding is an interference by the executive with the Court; how it is an e'ncroachment on the judicial department ; how it is a dictation to the Court, or advice to it to do its duty, it is difficult to conceive; and therefore difficult to reply to such constructions of an act, analogous to the conduct of every proceeding in a Court, rendered necessary to or imperative upon the executive in the execution of the laws. If this libel, so definite in what it alleges and what it asks, founded on the official request of a public, functionary, and intended to obtain the execution of a definite treaty obligatioii, be an infringement of judicial authority, it will be scarcely possible for a District -Attorhey,hereafter, to file an information, or, pr.esent an indictment.

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

573

[The United States v. The Amistad.]

Nor is it, as is alleged, without precedent. In fact, - every case of a libel filed by the United States, soliciting the examination and decree of a Court in rem, is a precedent, so far as any principle is concerned. But the cases of the Exchange, the Cassius, and the Eugenia, are not to be distinguished on any ground. They were cases of property in Court, under libels of private suitors; the United States interposed, under their obligation to foreign powers. That those obligations were general, nQt arising by special treaty provisions, makes the cases less strong. It is said, that the property in litigation, in those cases, was to be delivered to the sovereign; is this property less in that position, when it is asked for by the representative of the sovereigzi2 It is said they were not delivered up as property; the Exchange and Cassius were so delivered: as public property qo "the Emperor Napoleon," so stated in terms, and of the Frenchrepublic. The Eugenia was delivered to the consul of France, that it might be proceeded against in rem, if desired. In the forms of proceeding by the United States, and in the decrees, every thing resembles what has been done or sought for in this case. But, in fact, every instance of interposition of foreign functionaries, constls, and others, affords a precedent. . They have no right of 'property. They are no parties in interest. They interpose in behalf of the citizen. Did not this Court, in the case of the Bello Corrunes, 6 Wheaton, i 52, where the express point was made, and the interposition of the Spanish consul, on behalf of his fellow-citizens, was resisted; sustain his right, as a public functionary, although it was admitted he could show no special authority in the particular proceeding? So in the case of the Antelope, 10 Wheaton, 66, the consul was allowed to inteipose for Spanish gubjects, who were actually unknown. It will hardly be denied, that where the foreign functionary may thus come into our Courts, to prosecute for the party in interest, our own funttionaries may, do the same. As to the case of Nash,'Bee, 266, it clearly sustains, so far as the course of proceeding; by means of the judiciary, is concerned, the right and duty of the executive thus to interpose. That was an application for, the ristoration of a driminhl under treaty stipulations. The main q'uestion was, whether this surrender belonged exclusively to the executive, or was to be effected through the medium of the judiciary,

574

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. The Amistad.]
and while Chief Justice Marshall sustained the authority of he executive, as founded on the casus fcaderis, he admitted that the aid of the judiciary might, in some cases, be called in. If this were so, as to persons, it is at least equally so, in regard to property. In respect to both, proof is to be made; without proof, neither the Testoration of the one nor the-other can be effected; that proof is appropriately made to and passed upon, by the judicial tribunals; but as the execution of the treaty stipulation is vested in the executive, if the case is proved to the satisfaction of the judiciary, its interposition; so far as is necessary to that end, forms a proper part of the judicial proceedings.
It seems clear, then, that these objections to the duty of the executive to interpose, where the property to be restored is in the custody of the Court, cannot be sustained either by principle or authority. And such appears to be the seditiment of the counsel for the appellees, from the zeal with which they have pressed 4nother argument, to reach the same end. That argu-o ment is, that the United States could ndt interpose, because the Spanish minister never had asked for the restoration of the slaves as property; and, bedause, if he had, he had sought it solely from the executive department, and denied the jurisdiction of the Court. Now, suppose this were so, it would be a sufficient answer to say, that, independent of the request of the foreign funictionaryi the United States had a treaty obligation to perform, which they were bound to perform; and that, if a request in
regard to its performance was made upon grounds not tenable, this did not release the United States from their obligation on grounds which, as they kiiew, did properly exist. But, in point of fact, the Spanish minister did, from the first, demand ,these negroes, as property belonging to Spanish subjects, which ought to be restored as property under the treaty of 1795. Passages have been culled from the letters of Mr. Calderon, and Mr. Argaiz* to show that their surrender as criminals was only sought for; but the correspondence, taken together, bears no such-construction. It is true they were demanded as criminals; the alleged crime had been committed on Spanish subjects, and on board of a Spanish ship; by the law of nations and by the judgment of this Court, such a case was within Spanish jurisdiction. - Whether -a nation has a right, by the public law,

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

575

[The United 8tates v. The Amistid.]

under such circumstances, to require the extradition of the criminal, is a point on which jurists have differed; but most independent nations, if not all, have properlyassumed and maintained the right to determine the question for themselves; denying the existence of any such obligation. To make the request, how-
ever, is a matter of constant occurrence ; to sustain it by appeals to the law of nations, as conferring a right, is usual ; we have in our own government azsked for such extradition, at the very time we have denied the existence of the obligation.' That the Spanish
minister 9hould, therefore, request the delivery of these persons as criminals.; that he should sustain his request as one consonant to the law of nations, is not in the least a matter of surprise. But did that interfere with his demand for them also, as property? There is no reason why it should do sb, and the correspondence shows that it did not; in point of fact.
The very first letter of Mr. Calderon, that of 6th September, 1839, quoted and commented upon by he counsel for the appellees, commences with a reference to The treaty stipulation, as one of the foundations and causes of his application. It bs his imperious duty, he says, to elaim an observance of the lar of nations, and of the treaties existing between the United States and Spain. Then follow, throughout the letter, repeated references to the double character of the demand for the slaves; references which it seems scarcely possible$ to misconceive. He declares, officially declares, that the vessel, "previous to her departure, obtained her clearance from the custom-house, the necessary permit from-the authorities for the transportation of the negroes, a passport, and all the other documents required by the laws of Spain for navigating a vessel, and for proving ownership of property; a circumstaiice particularly important," in his opinion.
So Mr. Argaiz, in his letter of the-26th November, 1839, evidently pursues the same double demand; that they should be surrendered under the treaty as property, and that they are also subject to delivery as criminals. If there were a doubt as to his meaning, it must be removed, by observing his course on'the passage of the resolutions adopted unanimously by the American Senate, on the 15th of April last. Those resolutions declared:
1. That a ship or vessel on the high seas, in ,time of peace, engaged in a lawful voyage, is, according to the law of nations,

576

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. The .Amistad.]

under the exclusive jurisdiction of the state to which the -flag belongs; as much so, as if constituting a part of its own domain.
2. That if such sbip or vessel should, be forced, by stress of weather., or other unavoidable cause, into the port and under the jurisdiction of. friendly power, she and her cargo, and persons on board, with their property, and all the rights belonging to their personal relations, as established by the laws of the state to which they belong, would be placed under the protection which the laws of nations extend to the unfortunate under such circumstances.
On the passage of these resolutions, so evidently referring to the slaves as property, adopted in relation to the slaves carried into Bermuda and there set free, Mr. Argaiz claimed, for the owners of the slaves on board the Amistad, the application of the same rules. To complete the chain of evidence derived from the correspondence, we have a letter addressed by him to the Secretary of State, on the first moment that the allegation of the request being for their delivery as crimirfals, was made official, by the motion of the appellees lately filed in this Court-we have a note to the Secretary of State, explicitly renewing, his demand in the double relation.
It is evident, then, that there was a clear, distinct, and formal
requept, on thle part of the Spanish minister, for the delivery of these negroes, by virtue of the treaty, as the property of Spanish subjets. This.fact, it has been endeavoured to establish, from 'the correspondence, because'it has been alleged that the executive of the United States has given a cohstruction to the request .of the Spanfish minister, at variance with that stated in the libel
of tha District Attorney. As to any legal bearing on the case, it .dous not appear to be material. So far as the Courts of justice are concerned, no principle is better settled than that, in relation to the political operations of' the government, the judiciary -adopts the .onstruction given to their own actA an~d those of foreign representatives, by the proper executive departments. The.opinion of this Court to that effect, is apparent in the decisions, already cited in the cases of the Peggy and the Suffolk Insurance Co.; and when, in the case of Garcia v. Lee, the whole matter was reviewed, with special reference to the ccustruction of treaties, it was solemnly and deliberately affirmed. That the Depart-

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

577

[The United States v.The Amistad.]

ment of State regarded this request as one for the delivery of

property, is evident, not merely from the libel of the District

Attorney, but from the whole correspondence. To obtain 'adif-

ferent view, we must, indeed, pick out sentences separate from

their context, and give to particular phrases a meaning not con-

sistent with the whole scope of the documents in .which they are

found.

But, as if the allegation, that the Spanish minister never re-

quired the restoration of these slaves as property, under the treaty,

was not to be clearly established -by the correspondence, it is

endeavoured to be sustained by the fact, that he refused to submit

to the judgment of the Court, as definitive of the rights of Spain

and her subjects, under the treaty.. How this refusal changes

the character of his demand on the one hand, or the proper mode

of proceeding by the executive on the other, it is not easy to

perceive. No nation looks, in its intercourse under a treaty with

another, to any but the executive g9vernment. Every nfition

bhas a right to say with what act she will be satisfled as fulfilling

a freaty stipulation, the other party to the treaty reserving the

same right. Has not our executive over and over again de-

manded redress for acts sanctioned by decrees of foreign tribu-

*nals ? Have we not sought that redress by applications made

directly to their executives? Has it ever been heard, that the

claims of American citizens for redress from foreign governments,

are precluded, because iwueign Courts have decided upon -them?

Such has not been the case in poin't of fact, and such is not the

course authorized bjr the law, an- adopted in the'intercourse

of nations. To say, therefore, that Spain would not recognise a

decree of a Court, which should award her less than the treaty,

in her opinion, stipulated she should receive, does not, as it must

appear, affect, in any manner whatever, the rights under it,.

or the mode of proceeding to be adopted by our own executive.

With the latter the course was plain. The matter was already

before the judiciary, a component and independent branch of the

government to which it appropriately belonged. Its action is

calmly waited for, as affording the just and only basis of ultimdte

decision by the executive.

Viewed, then, on every ground of treaty*obligation, of cbnsti-

tutional duty, of precedent, oirof international intercourse, the

VOL. XV.-3 C

73

578

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. The Amistad.]

interposition of the executive in the mode adopted, so far from being "unnecessary and improper," was one of duty and propriety, on receiving from the Spanish minister his official representation, and from the District Attorney the information that the matter was~already in charge of the Court.
,And now it may be asked, wvhether there is any thing in these facts to justify the censure so largely cast upon the executive for the course which it was deelned a duty to pursue; any thing that authorizes "its arraignment," to use the language of the counsel for tht appellees, before the judicial tribunals, "for their judgment and censure?" Performing cautiou'sly an international, obligation; passing upon no rights private or public; submitting to the Courts of justice the facts made known officially to it; seeking the decrees of the legitimate tribunals; coniinunicating to foreign functionaries, that by these decrees its course would be governed-it is these acts which are argued upon, as ground for censure and denunciation. With what justice may be well tested, by placing another government in the position of our own. Let us recollect that there is among nations as among men, a golden rule let us do to them as we wish them to do to us; let us ask how we would have our own minister and representative in a foreign land to act by us, if we were thrown in like manner on a foreign shore-if a citizen of South Carolina, sailing to New Orleans with his'slaves, were thus attacked, his associates killed, himself threatened 'with death, and carried for months in a vessel, scarcely seaworthy, beneath a tropical sun. Should we blame the American minister who had asked the interposition of the Courts? Should we blame the foreign government that facilitated that interposition ? Look at the case of the negroes carried to Bermuda; have we there-as we are now denounced for not doing-have we there gone as private suitors into the Courts, or have we sought redress, as nations seek it for their citizens ?
The question of freedom or slavery was there brought, exactly as it was here, before the judicial tribunals, at the instance of persons who took up the cause of the slaves; the owners did not pursue their claims as a mere matter of private right; the government of the United States, through its minister, appealed to the executive government of Great Britain ; sought redress from

JANUARY TERM,,1841.

579

[The United States v. The Amista.]

that quarter; and received it. The value of the slaves was paid, not to the individuals, but to our own government, who took their business upon themselves, exactly as the Spanish minister has assumed that of Ruiz and Montez.
Let us then be just; let us not demand one mode of proceeding for ourselves, and practise another towards those who have an equal right to claim similar conduct at our hands.
II. The Attorney General then proceeded to reply to the position of the counsel for the appellees, that whatever might be the right of the United States as parties to the proceedings in the District and Circuit Courts, they had yet no authority to appeal, in such a case, from the decrees of those Courts, to this tribunal, and that,therefore, the present appeal should be dismissed.. As no decision was given by the Court on this point, and the argument in support of the motion, and on-behalf of the appellees,, has not been reported, that in reply, and in behalf of the United States, as appellants, is also necessarily omitted. The position contetided Ior by the Attorney General was, that the case was before this Court-coram judice; and that the case itself, the parties to it, and the mode of bringing it up, were all in accordance with the law authorizing appeals. If so, lie submitted, that this Court has jurisdiction of it, and will revise the decree that has been pronounced by the Circuit Court, which is all that was solicited. That the highest judicial tribunal should pronounce upon the facts set out in this record, was all that the executive could desire; they present questions that appropriately belong to the judiciary, as the basis of executive action; they relate to the rights of property, and the proofs concerning it; and when the decision of that co-ordinate branch of the government, to which the examination of such questions appropriately belongs, should be made, the course of executive action would be plain.
III. The only question, then, that remains to be considered, is, was the decree erroneous ?
The decree, as it stands, and hs it now comes up for examination, is, that this vessel and her cargo shall be delivered up to the Spanish minister, for the Spanish owners, not entire, but after deducting one-third for salvage, to be given to Lieutenant Gedney and his associates; and that the negroes, except Antonio, shall be delivered to the President of the United States, to be

580

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. The Amistad.]

sent -to Africa, pursuant to the provisions of the act of 3d March, 1819,  2. 2 Story's Laws,1752. Now it is submitted, that this decree is erioneous, because the vessel, cargo, and negroes were all the property of Spanish subjects, rescued from robbers, and brought into a port of the United States, and due proof concerning the property in them was made; that, therefore, the decree should have been, that they be delivered to the Spanish owners, or to -the Spanish minister, for the owners, according to the stipulations of the ninth article of the treaty of 1795.
The vessel and cargo are admitted to be merchandise or property, within the meaning of the treaty. Are slaves aiso property or merchandise, .within its meaning? That they are not, has been very elaborately argued by the counsel for the appellees; yet, it is confidently submitted that, both by the' laws of Spain and of the United States, slaves are property; and a fair construction of the treaty shows that it was intended to embrace every, species of property recognised by the laws of the two contracting nations. We are asked for a law to this effect; a law establishing the existence of slavery in the Spanish dominions. It might be sufficient- to say, that what is matter of notorious history willl be recognised by this Court, without producing a statutory regulation; but the royal decree of 1817, which promulgates the abolition of the foreign slave trade, refers throughout to the existence of slavery in the Spanish Indies, and this Court, in many of its adjudications, has recognised its existence.
If slaves then, were, property by the laws of Spain, it might be justly concluded that, even if they were not so recognised by the United States, still they are property within the meaning of the treaty, becausethe intention of the treaty was to protect the property of each -nation. But, in fact, slaves were, and, are, as clearly recognised by them to be property, as they ever were by Spain. Our. citizens hold them as property; buy' and sell -them as property; legislate upon them as property. State after state has been received into this Union, with the solemn and deliberate assent of the national legislature, whose constitutions, previously&submitted to and sanctioned by that legislature, recognise slaves as merchandise; to be held as such, carried as such from place to place, and bought and sold as such. It has been argued that this government, as a government, never has-

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

581

[The United States v. The Amistad.]

recognised property in slaves. To this it is answered, that if no other proof could be adduced, these acts of the national government are evidence that it has done so. The Constitution of the United States-leaves to the states the regulation of their internal property, of which slaves were, at the time it was formed, a well known portion. It 4Iso guaranteed and protected the rights of the states to increase this property, up to the year 1808, by importation from abroad. How, then, can it be said, that this government, as a government, never has recognised this property? But, if slaves be not so regarded, by what authority did tht general government demand indemnity for slaves set free in Bermuda by the British government? Is not this an act, recent in date and deliberate in conduct, showing the settled con-. struction put upon slaves as property. Is not the resolution of the Senate-the unanimous resolution-a declaration that slaves, though liberated as persons, and so adjudged by a foreign Court, are, in fact, by the law of nations, property, if so allowed to be held in the country to which the ownbr belongs?
But it is contended that, although they may have been recognised as property by.the two nations, they were not such property as was subject.to restoration by the treaty. Now, to this it may be answered, in the first place, that every -reason which can be suggested for the introduction of the treaty stipulations to protect and restore property, apjlies as fully to slaves as to any other.
It is, in states where slavery exists, a valuable species of property; it is an object of traffic; it is transported from place to place. Can it be supposed, that the citizen of Virginia, sailing to New Orleans with his slaves, less needs the benefit of these treaty stipulations for them, than for any other property he may have on board, if he is carried into a port of Cuba, under anyi of the adverse circumstances for which the treaty was intended to provide? But, again; is not the treaty so broad and general'in its terms, that one of the contracting parties has no right to make an exclusion of this property, without the assent of the other ? 'The sixteenth
article of the treaty says, it is to extend to "all kinds" of merchandise, except that which is contraband. Was not a slave a kind of merchandise, then recognised as such by. each nation, and allowed to be imported into each nation, by their respective laws?
The treaty-of 1819, which was ratified in 1821, after the slave
3c2

582

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. The Amistad.]
trade was abolished, but while slave property was held in both
countries, renews this article as it stood in 1795. Is it possible
to imagine that, if a new policy was'to be adopted; there would not have been an express stipulation or change in rpgard to this, as there was in regard to other articles of the old treaty? If further proof were wanting, it would be found in the fact, that the executive authorities of both nations, at once and unequivocally, considered the terms of the treaty as extending to slave property. Independently of ihe authority which this decision on the political construction of a treaty will have with this Court, upon the principles it has laid down, it may be regarded as strong evidence of the intentions of the contracting parties; and when we see our own government and the Senate of the United States, seriously examining how far a similar case is one that falls within the class of international obligations, independent of treaty, we may give to its deliberate judgment, in the proper construction of this treaty, the highest weight.
The next inquiry is, whether the property in question was "rescued out of the hands of any pirates or robbers on the high seas, and brought into any port of the United States ?" That the vessel was at anchor below low water mark when taken possession of,and consequently upon the high seas, as defined by the law of nations, is a fact not controverted; lfut it is objected that the negroes by whom she was held were not pirates or robbers in !he sense of the treaty, and that if they were, its pro isions could not apply to them, because they were themselves the persons who were rescued. That the acts committed by the negroes
amount to piracy and robbery, seems too clear to be questioned. Piracy is an offence defined ana ascertained by the law of nations; it is "forcible depredation on the sea, animo furandi." United States v. Smith, 5 Wheaton, 153. Every ingredient necessary to constitute a crime thus defined, is proved in the present case. It was the intention of the treaty, that whenever, by an act of piracy, a vessel and property were run away with-taken from the owners, who are citizens of the United States or Spain-it should, if it came into the possession of the other party, be kept by that party and restored entire.. Slaves differ from other property, in the fact that tliiy are persons as well as property; that they may be actors in the piracy ; but iL.is not perceived how

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

583

[The United States v. The Amistad.]

this act, of itself, changes the rights of the owners, where they exist and are recognised by law. If they are property, they are propprty rescued from pirates, and are to be restored, if brought by the necessary proof within the .provisions of the treaty.
What are those provisions? That "due and sufficient proof must be made concerning the property thereof."
The first inquiry "concerning property," is its identity. Is there any doubt as to the identity of these slaves? There is
clearly none. Are they proved to have been slaves, owned by Spanish subjects? They are negroes, in a country where slavery exists, passing from one port of the Spanish dominions to another, in a regularly documented coasting vessel; and they are proved to be, at the time they leave Havana, in the actual possession of the persons claiming to be their owners. So far as all the
prima facie evidence extends, derived from the circumstances of the case at that time, they may be regarded as slaves, as much as the negroes who accompany a planter between any two ports of the United States. This, then, is the first evidence of property-their actual existence in a state of slavery, and in the possession of their .alleged owners, in a place where slavery is
recognised, and exists by law.
In addition to this evidence derived from possession, Ruiz and Montez had, according to the statement of the Spanish minister, which was read by the counsel for the appellees, "all the documents required by the laws of Spain for proving ownership of property." They have a certificate, under the signature of the Governor Gener'al,-countersigned or attested by the captain of the port, ,declaring that these negroes are the property of the Spdnish citizens who are in possession of them. It has already been shown, by reference to the laws of Spain, that the powers of a Governor General in a Spanish colony are of a most plenary character. That his powers are judicial, was expressly recognised by this Court, in the case of Keene v. M'Donough, 8 Peters, 310., If stch are the powers of this officer, and if this be a document established as emanating from him, iimust be regarded as conclusive in a foreign country. 'The cases already- cited, establish the two positions, that, as regards property on board of a vessel, the accompanying documents are the first and best evidence, especially when attended with possession; and that a

584

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. The Amistad.]

decree, or judgment, or declaration of a foreign tribunal, made "withinthe scope of its authority, is evidence, beyond which the
Courts of another country will not look. These rules are essential to international intercourse. Could it be tolerated, that where ves-
sels, on a coasting voyage, from one port of a country to another, are driven, without fault of their own, to take refuge in the harbour of another country, the authentic evidences of property in their own country are to be disregarded? That foreign Courts are to execute the municipal laws of another country, according to their bonstruction of them? Can it be that the Courts of this country will refuse to recognise the evidence of property, which is recognised aid deemed sufficient in the country to which that property belongs? We have unquestionable evidence, that such dockments as these are regarded as adequate proofs of property in Cuba. But it is said this certificate is a mere passport, and no proof of property. To this it is replied, that it is recognised as the necessary and usual evidence of-property, as appears by the testimony'referred to. It is true it is a passport for Ruiz, but it is not a mere personal passport; it is one to take property with him, and. it ascertains and describes that property.
But we are told it must be regarded as fraudulent by this Court; and the grounds on which this assertion is made, are the evidence adduced to show that thesenegroes have been imported into Cuba from Africa since the treaty between Great Britain and Spain. Is this evideiice legal and sufficient to authorize this Court to declare the particular fact for which it is vouched-that the negroes were imported into Cuba contrary to law? If it is sufficient for this, does such illegal importation make the negroes .free men in the island of Cuba? If it does, will this Court declare the certificate to be null and void, or leave that act to the decision of the appropriate Spanish tribunals?
In the argument submitted on the part of the United States, in opening the cLse, the nature of this evidence has been commented upon. It is such chiefly as is not legal evidence in the Courts of the United States. Now, the question is not as to the impression derived from such evidence,but it is whetheron testimonynot legally sufficient, the declaration of a competent foreign. functionary will be set aside? As if there were doubt whether a Court of the United' States would so do, the admissions of Ruiz, and

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

585

[The Unitea States v. T"e Amistad.]

of the. Attorney of the United-States are vouched. Yet it is apparent that these were admissions, not of facts known. to.them selves, but of impressions derived from evidence which is as much before this Court as it was before them. To neither one nor the other was the fact in question personally known. It was inferred by them from.evidence now for the most part before this Court. I But, admitting the fact of the recent importation from Africa, still, nothing has been adduced to controvert the position, taken in opening, that the laws*of Spain required, in such a case, and evn in the case of negroes actually seized on board'of a Spanish vessel on her voyage from Africa, a declaration by a Court expressly recognised. by Spain, to establish their freedom. However much we may abhor the African slave trade, all nations have left to those in whose vessels it is carried on, the regulation and punishment of it. The extent,to which Spain was willing. to permit -any other nation to interpose, where her vessels or her subjects' were concerned, is carefully determined i, this very treaty.. The principal witness of the appellees expressly admits. that when negroes are.landed, though in linown violation of the treaty, it is a subject to be disposed of by the municipal law. Now, it is .not pretended here, that, even if these negroes were unlawfully introduced, they have been declared free. Can, then, this Court adjudge that these negroes were free in the island of Cuba, even if the fact of their recent importation be proved? Much more, can they assume to do it, by putting their construc-
tion on a treaty, not of the'United States, but between two foreign nations; a treaty which those nations have the sole right to construe and act upon for themselves?
But, if satisfied that the Governor General has been imposed upon, and the documents fraudulently obtained, still, is the fraud to be punished and the error to be rectified in our Courts, gr in those of Spain? What says Sir William Scott, in the case of the Louis, when asked what is to. be done if a French ship laden with slaves, in violation of the laws of that country, is brought into an English port: "II-answer," says he, "9without hesitation, restore the possession which has been unlawfully divested; rescind the illegal act done byyour owrn subject, and leave the foreigner to the justice of his own country." Can a rule more directly applicable to the present case be found? ,VThe Courts of no
74

586

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. The Amistad.]

country," says Chief Justice Marshall, in the case of the Antelope, "execute the penal laws of another." In the case of the Egenia, vihere a French vessel was liable to forfeiture under the laws of France, for vl6lating the laws prohibiting the slave trade, Judge Story directed, not that she should be condemned in our own Courts, but that she should be sent to France. This, says he, "enables the foreign sovereign to exercise complete jurisdiction, if he shairprefer to have it remitted to his own Courts for adjudication." -This, he afterwards adds, "makes our own country not a principal, but an auxiliary in enforcing the interdict of France, arid subserves the great interests of universal justice."
Are not these the true principles which should govern nations in their intercourse with each other; principles sanctioned by great and venerated names? Are not these the principles by which we would require other nations to be goveme 1, when our citizens are charged, in a foreign country, with a breach of our own municipal laws? And is it not productive of the same result? Do we doubt that the Courts and officers of Spain will justly administer her own laws? Will this Court act, on the presumption that the tribunals of a foreign and friendly nation will fail to pursue that course which humanity, justice, and the sacred obligations of their own laws demand? No nation has a right so to presume, in regard, to another;' and, notwithstanding the distrust that has been repeatedly expressed in the progress of this cause, in regard to the Spanish tribunals and the Spanish functionaries; yet a just respect towards another and a friendly nation; the common courtesy which will not suppose in advance, that it will intentionally do wrong; oblige us to believe, and warrant us in so doing, that if the laws of Spain have been violated; if its officers have been deceived; and if these negroes are really free; these facts will be there ascertained and acted upon, and we shall as "auxiliaries," not principals, best "sub! serve the cause of universal justice."
If this viea be correct, and if the evidence is sufficient to prove the property of the Spanish. subjects in the island of Cuba, the only question that remains to be considered is, whether the acts of the slaves during the voyage changed their condition. It has been argued strongly that they were free; that they were "in'the actual condition of freedorf;" but how can

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

587

[The United States v. The Amistad.]
that be maintained? If slaves by the laws of Spain, they were so on board of a Spanish vessel, as much as on her soil; and will it be asserted that ,the same acts in the island of Cuba would have made them free? This will hardly -be contended. No nation recognising slavery, admits the sufficiency of forcibleemancipation. In whht respect were these slaves, if such by the laws, of Spain, released, from slavery by their, o*n acts of aggression upon their masters, any more than a slave becomes free in Pennsylvania, who forcibly escapes from his owner in Virginia? For this Court to say that these acts constituted a release from slavery, would be to establish for another country municipal regulations in regard to her property; and, not that only, but to establish them directly in variance with our own laws, in analogous cases. If the negroes in this case were free, it was because they were not slaves when placed on board the Amistad, not because-of the acts there committed by them.
It is submitted, then, that so far as this Court is concerned, there is sufficient evidence concerning this property, to warrant its restoration pursuant to the provisions of the treaty with Spain; and that, therefore, the judgment of the Court below should be reversed, and a decree made by this Coult for the entire restoration of the property.

Mr. Justice STOZnY delivered the opinion of the Court. This is the case of an appeal from the decree of the Circuit Court of the District of Connecticut, sitting in admiralty. The leading facts, as they appear upon the transcript of the proceedings, are as' follows: On the 27th of June, 1839, the schooner L'Amistad, being the property of Spanish subjects, cleared out from the port of Havana, in the island of Cuba,.for Puerto Principe., in the same island. On board of the schooner were the' captain, Ransom Ferrer, and Jose Ruiz, ancd Pedro Montez, all Spanish subjects. The former had with him a negro boy, named
Antonio, claimed to be his slave. Jose Ruiz had with him fortynine negroes, claimed by him as his slaves, and stated to, be his property, in a certain pass or document, signed by the Governor General of Cuba. Pedro Montez had with him four other negroes, also claimed by him as his slaves, and stated to be his property, in a similar pass eX document, also signed by the Governor General

SUPREME COURT.
[The United States v. The Amistad.]
of Cuba. On the voyage, and before the arrival of the vessel at her port of destination, the negroes rose, killed the captain, and took possession of her. On the 26th of August, the vessel was discovered by Lieutenant Gedney, of the United States brig Washington, at anchor on the high seas, at the distance of half a mile from the shore of Long Island. A part of the negroes were then on shore at Culloden Point, Long Island; who were seized by Lieutenant Gedney, and brought on board. The vessel, with the negroes and other persons on board, was brought by Lieutenant Gedney into the district of Connecticut, and there libelled for salvage in the District Court of the United States. A libel for salvage was also filed by Henry Green and Pelatiah Fordham, of Sag Harbour, Long Island. On the lSth of September, Ruiz and Montez filed claims and libels, in which they asserted their ownership of the negroes as their slaves, and of certain parts of the cargo, and prayed that the same might be "delivered to them, or to the representatives of her Caflolic
majesty, as might be most proper." Oil the 19th of September, the Attorney of the United States, for. the district of Connecticut, filed an information or libel, setting forth, that the Spanish minister had officially presented to the proper department of the government of the United States, a claim for the restoration of the vessel, cargo, and slaves, as the property of Spanish subjects, which had arrived within the jurisdictional limits of the United States, and were taken possession of by the said public armed
brig of the United States; under such circumstances as made it the duty of the United States to cause the same to be restored to the true proprietors, pursuant to the treaty between the United States and Spain: and praying the Court, on its being made legally to appear that the claim of the Spanish minister was well founded, to make such order for the disposal of the vessel, cargo, and slaves, as would best enable the United States to comply with their treaty stipulations. 'But if it should appear, that the negroes were persons transported from Africa, in violation of the laws of the United States, and brought within the United'States contrary to the sarae laws; he then prayed the Court to make such order for their removal to the coast of Africa, pursuant to Ahe laws of the United States, as it should deem fit:

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

589

[The United States v. The Amistad.]
On the 19th of November, the Attorney of the United States filed a second information or libel, similar to the first, with the exception of the second prayer above set forth in his former one. On the same day, Antonio G. Vega, the vice-consul of Spain, for the state of Connecticut, filed his libel, alleging that Antonio was a slave, the property of the represbhtatives of Ramon Ferrer, and praying the Court to cause him to be delivered to the said vice-consul, that lie might be returned by him to his lawful owner in the island of Cuba.
On the 7th of January, 1840, the negroes, Cinque and others, with the exception of Antonio, by their counsel, filed an answer, denying that they were slaves, or the property of Ruiz and Montez, or that the Court could, under the Constitution or laws of the United States, or under any treaty, exercise any jurisdiction over their persons, by reason of the premises; and praying that they might be dismissed. They specially set forth and insist in this answer, that they were native born Africans; born free, and still of right ought to be free and not slaves; that they were, on or about the 15th of April, 1839, unlawfully kidnapped, and forcibly and wrongfully carried on board a certain vessel on the coa st of Africa, which was unlawfully engaged in the slave trade, and were unlawfully transported ih the same vessel to the island of Cuba, for the purpose of being there unlawfully sold as slaves; that Ruiz and Montez, well knowing the premises, made a pretended purchase of them: that afterwards, on or about the 28th of June, 1839, Ruiz and Montez, confederating with Ferrer, (captain of the Amistad,) caused them, without law or right, to be placed on board of the Amistad, to be transported to some place unknown to.them, and there to be enslaved-for life; that, on the voyage, they rose on the master, and took possession of the vessel, intending to return therewith to their native country, or to seek an asylum in some free state; and the vessel arrived, about the 26th of August, 1839, off Montank Point, near Long Island; a part of them were sent on shore, and were seized by Lieutenant Gedney, and carried on board; and all of them .were afterwards brought by him into the district of Connecticut. I On the 7th of January,1 840, Jose Antonio Tellincas, and Messrs. Aspe and Laca, all Spanish subjects, residing in Cuba, filed their
VOL. XV.-3 D

590

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. The Amistad.]
claims, as owners to certain portions of the go6ds found on board of the schooner L'Amistad.
On the same day, all the libellants and claimants, by their counsel., except Jose Ruiz and Pedro Montez, (whose libels and claims, as stated of record, respectively, were pursued by the Spanish niinister, the same being merged in his claims,) appdared, and the negroes also appeared by their counsel; and the case was heard on the libels, clAims, answers, and testimony of witnesses.
On,the 23d day of January, 1840, the District Court made a decree. By that decree, the Court rejected the- claim of Green and Fordham for salvage, but allowed salvage to Lieutenant Gedney and others, on the vessel and cargo, of one-third of the value thereof, but not on the negroes, Cinque and others; it allowed the claim of Tellincas, and Aspe and Laca with the exception of the above-mentioned salvage; it dismissed the libels and claims of Ruiz and Montez, with costs, as being included under the claim of the Spanish minister; it allowed the claim of the Spanish vice-consul for Antonio, on behalf of Ferrer's representatives; it rejected the claims of Ruiz and Montez for the delivery of the negroes, but admitted them for the cargo, with the exception of the above-mentioned salvage; it rejected the claim made by the Attorney of the United States on behalf of the Spanish minister, for the restoration of the negroes under the treity; but it decrqed that they should be"delivered to the President of the United States, to be transported to Africa, pursuant to the act of 3d March, 1819.
From this decree the District Attorney, on behalf of the United States, appealed to the Circuit Court, except so far as related to the restoration of the slave Antonio. The claimants, Tell incas, ,and Aspe and Laca, also appealed from that part of the decree which awarded salvage on the property respectively claimed by them. No appeal was interposed by Ruiz or Montez, or on behalf of the iepresentatives of the owners of the Amistal. The Circuit Court, by a mere pro forma decree, affirmed the decree of the ,District Court, reserving the question of salvage upon the claims of Tellincas, and Aspe and Laca. And from that decre6 the present appeal has been brought to this Court.
The cause has been very elaborately argued, as well upon the

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

591

[The United States v. The Amistad.]
merits, as upon a motion on behalf of the appellees to dismiss the appeal. On the part of the United States, it has been contended, 1. That due and sufficient proof concerning the property has been made to authorize the restitution of the- vessel, cargo, and negroes to the Spanish subjects on whose behalf they are claimed pursuant to the treaty with Spain, of the 27th of October, 1795. 2. That the United States had a right to intervene in the manner in which they have done, to obtain a decree for the restitution of the property, upon the application of the Spanish minister. These propositions have been strenuously denied on the other side. Other collateral and incidental points have been stated, upon which it is not necessary at this moment to dwell.
Before entering upon the discussion of the main points involved in this interesting and important controversy, it may be necessary to say a few words as to the actual posture of the case as it now stands.before us. In the first place, then, .the only parties now before the Court on one side, are the United States, intervefiing for the sole purpose of procuring restitution of the property as Spanish property, pursuant to the treaty, upon the grounds stated by the other parties claiming the property in their respective libels. The United States do not assert any property in themselves, or any violation of their own rights, or sovereignty, or laws, by the acts complained of. They do not insist that these negroes have been imported into the United States, in contravention of our own slave trade acts. They do not geek to have .these negr6es delivered up for the purpose of being transported to Cuba bs pirates or robbers, ox as fugitive criminals found within our territories, who have been guilty of offences against the lavs of Spain. They do not assert that the seizure, and bringing the vessel, and cargo, and negroes into port, by Lieutenant Gqdney, for the purpose of adjudication, is a tortious act. They simply confine themselves to the right of the Spanish. claimants to the restitution of their property, upon the facts asserted in their respective allegations.
In the next place, the parties before the Court on the other side as appelleeS, are Lieutenant Gedney, on his libel for salvage, and the negroes, (Cinque, and others,) asserting themselves, in their answer, not to be slaves, but free native Africans, kidnapped

592

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v.The Amistad.]
in their own country, and illegally transported by force from that qountry; and now entitled to maintaintheir freedom.
No questioi has been here made, as to the proprietary interests ift the vessel, and cargo. It is admitted that they belong to "Spanish subjects, and that they ought to be restored. The only point on this head is, whether the restitution ought to be upon
the payment of salvage or not? The main controversy is, whether these negroes are the property of Ruiz and Montez, and ought to be -delivered up and to this, accordingly, we shall first direct our attention.
It has been argued on behalf of the United States, that the Court are bound to deliver them up, according to the treaty of 1795, with Spain, which has in this particular been continued in full force, by the treaty of 1819, ratified in.1821. The sixth article of that treaty, seems to have had,'prindipally, in view cases where the property of the, subjects of either state had been taken possession of withiii the territorial jurisdiction of the other, during war. The eighth article provides "forcases where the shipping of the inhabitants of either state are forced, through stress of weather, pursuit of pirates, or enemies, or any other urgent necessity, to seek shelter in the ports of 'the other. There may well be some doubt entertained, whether the present, case, iuits actual circumstances, falls within the purview of this article.. But it does not seem necessary, for reasons hereafter stated, absolutely to decide it. Theninth article provides, "that all ships and merchaultise, of what nature soever, which shall be rescued out of the hands of any pirates or robbers, on the high seas, shall be brought into some port of either state,,and shrll be delivdred to the custody of the officers of that port, in.order to be taken care of and restored entire to the true proprietor, as soon as due and sufficient proof shall be made concerning the property.thereof." This is the'article on which the main reliance is placed on behalf of the 'United States, for the restitution of these negroes. To bring the cage within the.article, it is essential to,estdblish, First, That these-negroes, under all -the circumstances, fall within the description of merchandise, in the sens6 of the treaty, Secondly, That there has been a rescue of them ol the high seas, out'of the hands of the pirates and robbers; which, in the present case, can only be, by showing that they

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

593

[The United States v. The Amistad.]

themselves are pirates and robbers; and, Thirdly, That Ruiz and

Montez, the asserted proprietors, are the true proprietors, and

have established their title by competent proof.

If these negroes were, at the time, lawfully held as slaves under

the laws of Spain and recognised by those laws as property capable

of being lawfully bought and sold; we see no reason why they

may not justly be deemed within the intent of the treaty, to be

included under the denomination of merchandise, and, as such,

ought to be restored to the claimants: for, upon that poinf, the laws

of Spain would seem to furnish the proper rule of interpretation.

But, admitting this, it is clear, in our opinion, that neither of the

other essential facts and requisites has been established in proof;

and the onus probandi of both lies upon the claimants to give

rise to the casus fmderis. It is plain beyond controversy, if we

examine the evidence, that these negroes never were the lawful

slaves of Ruiz or Montez, or of any other Spanish subjects.

.They are natives of Africa, and were kidnapped there, and were

unlawfully transported to Cuba, in violation of the laws and

treaties of Spain, and the most solemn edicts and declarations

of that government. By those laws, and treaties, and edicts, the

African slave trade is utterly abolished; the dealing in that trade

is deemed a heinous crime; and the negroes thereby introduced

into the dominions o'f Spain, are'declared to be free. Ruiz ahd

Montez are proved to have made the pretended purchase of

these negroes, with a full knowledge of all the 'circumstances.

And so cogent and irresistible is the evidence in this respect, that

the District Attorney has admitted in open Court, upon the record,

that these negroes were native Africans, and recently imported

into Cuba, as alleged in their answers to the libels in the case.

The supposed proprietary interest of Ruiz and Montez, is com-

pletely displaced, if we are at liberty to look at the evidence or.

the admissions of the District Attorney.

If, then, these negroes are not slaves, but are kidnapped Afri-

cans, who, by the laws of Spain itself, are entitled to their freedom,

and were kidnapped and illegally carried to Cuba, and illegally

detained and restrained on board of the Amistad; there is no pre-

tence to say, that they are pirates or robbers. We may lament

the dreadful acts, by which they asserted their-liberty, and took

possession of the Amistad, and endeavoured to regain their native

3 D2

75

SUPREME COURT.
.[TheUnited States v. The Amistad.]
country; but they cannot be deemed ,pirates or robbers in the sense of the law of nations,.or the treaty with Spain, or the laws of Spain itself; at least so far as those laws have been brought to our knowledge. Nor do the libels of Ruiz or Montez assert them to be such.
This posture of the facts would seem, df itself, to put an end to the whole inquiry upon the merits. But it is argued, on behalf of the United States, that the ship, and cargo, and negroes were duly documented as belonging to Spanish subjects, and this Court have no right to look behind these documents; that full faith and credit is to be given to them; and that they are to be held conclusive evidence in this cause, even although it sho,'1d be. established by the most satisfactory proofs, that they have been obtained by the grossest frauds and impositions upon the constituted authorities of Spain. To this argument we can, in no wise, assent. There is nothing in the treaty which justifies or sustains the argument. We do not here meddle with the point, whether there has been any connivance in this illegal traffic, on the part of any of the colonial authorities or subordinate officers of Cuba; because, in our view, such an examination is unnecessary, and ought not to be pursued, unless it .were indispensable to public justice, although it has been strongly pitssed at the bar. What we proceed ,uponis this, that although public documents of the government, accompanying property found on board of the private ships of a foreign nation, certainly are to be deemed prima facie evidence of the facts which they purport to state, yet they are always open to be impugned for fraud; and whether that fraud be in the original obtaining of these documents, or in the subsequent fraudulent and illegal use of them, when once it is satisfactorily established, it overthrows all their sanctity, and destroys then as proof. Fraud will vitiate any, even the most solemn transactions; and an asserted title to property, founded upon it, is utterly void. The very language of the ninth article of the treaty of 1795, requires the proprietor to make du6 and sufficient proof of his property. And how can that proof be deemed either due or sufficient, which is but a connected, and stained tissue of fraud? This is not a mere rule of municipal jurisprudencie. Nothing is more clear in the law of nations,as an established rule to regulate their rights, and duties.

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

595

[The United States v. The Amistad.]
and intercourse, than the doctrine, that the ship's papers are but prima facie evidence, and that, if they are shown to be fraudulent, they are not to be held proof of any valid title. This rule is familiarly applied, and, indeed, is of every-days occurrence in cases of prize, in the contests between belligerents and neutrals, as is apparent from numerous cases to be found in the Reports of this Court; and it is just as applicable to the transactions of . civil intercourse betweeni nation in times of peace. If a private ship, clothed with Spanish papers, should enter the ports of the United States, claiming the privileges, and immunities, and rights belonging to bona fide subjects of Spain, under our treaties or laws, and she should, in reality, belong to the subjects of another nation, which was not entitled to any such privileges, immunities, or rights, and the proprietors were seeking, by fraud, to cover their own illegal acts, under the flag of Spain; there can be no doubt, that it would be the duty of our Courts to strip off the disguise, and to look at the case according to its naked realities. In the solemn treaties between nations, it can never be presumed that either state intends to provide the means of perpetrating or protecting frauds; but all the provisions are to be construed as intended to be applied to bona fide transactions. The seventeenth article of the treaty with Spain, which provides for certain passports and certificates, as evidence of property on board of the
ships of both states, is, in its terms, applicable only to cases where either of the parties is engaged in a war. This article required a certain form of passport to be agreed upon by the parties, and pnnexed to the treaty. It never was annexed; and, therefore in the case of the Amiable Isabella, 6 Wheatbn, 1, it was held inoperative.
It is also a most important consideration in the present case, which ought not to be lost sight of, that, supposing these African. negroes not to be slaves, but kidnapped, and free negroes, the
treaty with Spain cannot be obligatory upon them; and the United States are bound to respect their rights as much as those of Spanish subjects. The conflict of rights between the parties under'such circumstances, becomes positive and inevitable, and must -be decided upon the eternal principles of justice and international law. If the contest were about any goods on board of this ship, to which American citizens asserted a title, which was

"596

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. The Amistad.)

denied by the Spanish claimants, there could be no doubt of the right of such American citizens to litigate their claims before any competent American tribunal, notwithstanding the treaty with Spain. A fortiori, the doctrine must apply where human life and human liberty are in issue; and constitute the very essence of the controversy. The treaty with Spain neveircould have intended to take away the equal rights of all foreigners, who should contest their dlaims before any of our Courts, to equal justice; or to deprive such foreigners of the protection given them by other treaties, or by the general law of nations. Upon the merits df the case, then, there does not seem to us to be any ground for doubt, that these negroes ought to be deemed free; and that the Spanish treaty interposes no obstacle to the just assertion of their rights.
There is another consideration growing out of this part of the case, which necessarily rises in judgment. It is observable, that the United States, in their original claim, filed it in the alternative, to have the negroes, if slaves and Spanish property, restored to the proprietors; or, if not slaves, but negroes who had been transported from Africa, in violation of the laws of the United States, and brought into the'United States contrary to the same laws, then the Court to pass an order to enable the United States to remove such persons to the coast of Africa, to be delivered there to such agent as may be authorized to receive and provlide for them. At a. subsequent period, this last alternative claim was not insisted on, and another claim was interposed, omitting it; from which the conclusion naturally arises that it was abandoned. The decree of the District Court, however, contained an order for the delivery of the negroes to the United States, to be transported to the coast of Africa, under the act of the 3d of March, 1819, ch. 224. The United States do not now insist upon any affirmance of this part of the decree; and, in our judgment,
upon the admitted facts, there is no ground to assert that the case comes within the purview of the act of 1819, or of any other of our prohibitory slave trade acts. These negroes were never taken from Africa, or brought to the United States in contravention of those acts. When the Amistad arrived she was in possession of the negroes, asserting their freedom; and in no sense could they possibly intend to import themselves here as

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

597

[The United States v. The Amistad.]
slaves, or for sale as 'slaves. In this view of the matter, that part of the decree of the District Court is unmaintainable, and must be reversed.
The view which has been thus taken of this case, upon the me~its, under the first point, renders it wholly unnecessary for us to give any opinion upon the other point, as to the right of the United States to intervene in this case in the manner .already stated. We dismiss this, therefore, as well as several minor
points made at the argument. As to the claim of Lieutenant Gedney for the salvage service,
it is understood that the United States do not now desire to interpose any obstacle to the allowance of it, if it is deemed reasona:ble by the Court. It was a highly meritorious and useful service to the proprietors of the ship and cargo; and such as, by the general principles of maritime law, is always deemed a just foundation for salvage. The rate allowed by the Court, does not seem to us to have been beyond the exercise ofa sound discretion, under the very peculiar and embarrassing circumstances of the case.
Upon the whole, pur opinion is, that the decree of the Circuit Court, affirming that of the District Court, ought to be affirmed, except so far as it directs the negroes to be delivered to the President, to be transported to Africa, in pursuance of the act -of the 3d of March, 1819; and, as to this, it ought to be reversed: and that the said negroes be declared to be free, and be dismissed from the custody of the Court, and go without day.

Mr. Justice B.ALnwIN dissented.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States, for thb District of Connecticut, and was argued by, counsel. On consideration whereof, 'it is the opinion of this Court, that there is error in that part of the decree of the Circuit Court,
affirming the decree of the District Court, which ordered the said ndgroes to be delivered to the President of the United States, to be transported to Africa, in pursuance of the act of Congress, of the sd of March, 1819; and that, as to that par, it ought to be reversed: and, in all other respects, that the. said decree of the

598

.TTPREME COURT.

[The United Statesv. The Amistad.]
Circuit Court ought to be affirmed. It is therefore ordered adjudged, and decreed by this Court, that the decree of the said Circuit Court be, and the same is heieby, affirmed, except as to the part aforesaid, and as to that part, that it be reversed; and that the cause be remanded to the Circuit Court, with directions to enter, in lieu of that part, a decree, that the said negroes be, and are hereby, declared to be free, and that they be dismissed from the custody of the Court, and be discharaed from the suit and go thereof quit without day.

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

318

THE UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS, V. JosEPH DELESPINE,
APPELLEE.
A grant by the Spanish authorities was made of ninety-two thousand one hundred and sixty acres of land at Now river, in Florida, in 1813, afterwards the grantee de. termined to locate the grant on a river seventy miles south of New river. The grantee proposed erecting mills for sawing timber. No survey was made of land at New river, and the grantee claimed to have- the grant confirmed, and to locate the same, by survey, at the 'place last selected. No mills were erected on the lands claimed, nor was any thing done by him under the grant, for the purpose of using or improving the land claimed to have been granted. Held, that the grant made inr 1813, of land at the mouth of New river, imposed no obligation on the government of Spain, at the date of the Florida treaty, in 1819, to confirm the title claimed by the grantee; and that none rests on the government of United States, as the successor of the government of Spain, to the rights and obligations of Spain.
A concession of lands by the Council, at St. Augustine, was not authorized by the laws of Spain, relative to the granting and confirming land titles.
When i grant of land is indefinite as to its location, or so uncertain 'as to me plade where the lands granted are intended to be surveyed, as to make it impqssible to make a survey under the term of the grant with certainty, the grant will not be confirmed.
The act of Congress of 26th May, 1830, requires, that all claims to lands which have L.ep presented to the Commissioners, or to the Register and Receiver of East Florida, and had not been "finally acted upon," should be adjudicated and settled, as prescribed by the act of 1828. There was no direct limitation as to the time in which a claim should be presented.
When a petition for the confirmation of a claim to lands in Florida, was presented, and wasdefective, and the Court allowed an amended petition to be filed, it would be too strict to say the original petition was not the commencement of the proceeding, but that the amendment allowed by the Superior Court, should be taken as the date when the claim was first preferred.
When certain testimonials of title, under a Spanish grant, have been admitted without exception, before the Commissioners of the United States for the adjustment of claims to lands in Florida, and before the Superior Court in Middle Florida, without objection as to the mode and form of their proof; the Supreme Court, on an appeal, will not interfere with the question as to the sufficiency of the proof, or the authenticity of the acts relating to the title, which had been admitted by the authorities in Florida, which was the tribunal to judge of the evidence.
The case of The United States v. Clarke, 8 Peters, 454, cited.
APPEAL from the Superior Court, Southern District of Florida.

320-"

SUPREME COURT.

[The .United States r. Delespine.]
In November, 1830, Joseph Delespine presented a petition to the Superior Court of East Florida, asking for the confirmation of a grant by the Spanish government of Florida, of a tract of land on Rio Neuvo, of two leagues to each point of the compass; to contain ninety-two thousand one hundred and sixty acres.
The claim of the petitioner was founded on an alleged grant to Juan Xavier de Arrambide, a. Spanish subject, by the Captain General of the Island of Cuba, on the 15th of November, 1813, and which was confirmed by-the Governor, and. Corpolation of East Florida, the 22d of March, 1814.
The petition alleges, as the reason the claim was not before presented for confirmation, there was no person, during a great portion of tbe'time, as the District Attorney of the United States, on whom process could be served as is -equired by the act of Congress.
The documents on which the claim was founded, and which' were referred to in the proceedings, on the part of the petitioner, are particularly referred to, in the argument of the Attorney General of the United States, and in the opinion of the Court.
The United States resisted the claim, on the allegation, that if there had been a grant, which Was not admitted, and -without condition, the present claimant holding under the alleged grant to Juan Xavier de Arrambide, did not comply with the Y'equisitions of the statute in such case made and provided; and also, that the claim is not protected by the Florida treaty.
The Superior Court of Florida madb a decree in favour of the claimant; and the United States prosecuted this appeal.

The case was argued by Mr. Gilpin, Attorney General, for the United States; and by Mr. Downing, for the appellee.

Mr. Gilpin, for the United States. This is a claim for the enormous amount of ninety-two thousand one hundred and sixty acres of land, which now are; and always have been unsettled and uncultivated. The claim has been allowed by the Superior Court of East Florida, and this Court is now called upon to ratify that decision. There are' several grounds upon which' this ought not to be done. 1. Th6 claim is one of which the Court below had kno legal cognisance at the time it passed upon it. Under the act of Con-

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

221

[The United States v. Delespine.] "
gress, of 3d March, 1823, (3 Story's Lawg, 1907,) commissioners were appointed to examine into the validity of these claims, and under its provisions this was presented to their consideration. Their report thereon was made in December, 1825, and submitted to Congress., On the 23d May, 1828, an act was passed, (4 Story's Laws) 2124,) authorizing claimants, whose claims had not been finally settled under the regulations previously adopted, to submit them for adjudication to the judge of the Superior Court of that district in Florida, in which the lands lay ; but there was an express provision that they should be forever barred, unless this should be done within one year from the passage of the act, that is, before the 23d of May, 1829; or if, from any neglect of the claimant, they were not prosecuted to a final decision within two years, that is, the 23d of May, 1830. On the 26th of May, 1830, Congress, by an act then passed, (4 Story's Laws, 2198,) provided for certain claims that had been reported upon, among which the. present was not embraced; they then went on to declare, in express terms, "that all the remaining claims, which had been presented according to law, and not finally acted upon," should be adjudicated by'the Courts in Florida, in the manner prescribed by the act of 23d May, 1828. On the 20th of November, 1830, the present claim was presented to the Superior Court of East Florida. This the claimant had no right to do, unless it had been previously presented, in the manner the law prescribed, and not finally acted upon. It may be doubted whether the submissiori of it to the commissioners, their decision, and its report to Congress, did -not amount to such a final action as the law contemplated. Such cases cafinot be considered as those which Congress regarded as unacted upon, and for which it was the object of the law to provide. It was evidently meant to grant time beyond the two years prescribed. in the act of 1828, for the adjudication of the claims that mnight be then pending in the Courts of Florida. But, admitting that this case wvas not fifi-ily acted upon by the proceedings in 1825, still the main inquiry is, whether it had been previously presented "accotding to law." This was an indispensable requisite. The law required its presentation before the 23d of -ay, 1829. It was not so presented Had it been so presented and notproperly prosecuted, it would then have been within the terms of this act.
41

322

SUPREME COdURT.

[Thb United staes v'. Delespine.]
It never was the intention of Congress to permit those i ho had allowed their claims thus to remain unpresented, now to bring them, for the first time, before the Courts. The failure to "present the claim according to law," is fatal, therefore, to the present proceeding.
2. The title of the claimant is denied, under a grant to Juan Xavier de Arrambide, said to .have' been made by the council of the city of St. Augustind, on the 22d of,March', 1814, in pursuance of a "certifieacion," or testimonial inhis favour, purporting to have been issued by the Provincial Deputation at Havana, and filed among the records of the City Council. The sole evidence of this grant, produced by the claimant, consists of a copy of the filed copy of the proceedings of the Deputation at "Havana, and of the proceedings thereon of the City Council at St. Augustine. The whole of these are certified, at St. Augustine, by Jttan de Entralgo, who merely says, *"this a copy." There is also a certificate that Entralgo is secretary of the City. Council, and a notary of the government. There is no secondary or corrobora-* tive testimony to sustain the grant. There is no evidence of the existence of the original documents either in Cuba or Florida. There is no survey, or subsequent order, or proceeding connected therewith. There is no proof of Entralgo's signature, or that of the annexed certificates. It is submitted, that this evidence is altogether insufficient to bring the case within the rule established by this Court, in the case of The United States v. Wiggins, 14 Peters, 348. If an alleged copy of a grant, thus unsupported by any additional testimony, is received as sufficient, it would not ' be difficult to sustain the most unfounded claims. The rule just referred to, is certainly one of the broadest liberality; it is all that claimants can require: to extend it, in the manner now proposed, would be seriously to endanger the evidences of titles, while it would give to claimants an indulgence which no just or prudent 'liberality requires.
3. But the grant, if made, was not legal and valid; it was not, and could not have been "perfected into a complete title, under and in conformity to the laws, usages, and customs" of the Spanish government. 3 Story's Laws, 1959. The grant consists of two distinct parts and proceedings. FirSt, the "certificacion," or testimonial of the Provincial Deputation of Havana, dated 4th'

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

323

[The United States v. Delesphie.]
December, 1813, in which they "1are pleased to state" to the
City Council of St. Augustine, "that they grant in property"'to
Arraibide, two leagues "of the land he may choose, from the mouth of New river, which discharges itself on the coast of East' Florida, and through Puerto Largo, on the south part, following the same course to the shore." Secondly, the "accuerdo," or resolution of the "Ayuntamiento," or City Council of St. Augastine, dated 22d March, 1814; in which, I in obedience as well to the resolution of the aforesaid deputation, as to the approval of
the most excellent Captain General, they determined to grant the favour solicited" by Arrambide, which was "to despatch to him the title of property of the said two leagues to the north of the river Miamis, which are on the north-west side of the Cayo Biscayno ;" he reserving to himself to produce the plat of the said lands as soon as he found himself prepared to take it out; and they directed their Secretary to deliver to him an authenticated copy of all these proceedings. This purports to have been done on 3d June, 1814.
This grant thus depends, in fact, on the authority of ,the Provincial Deputation at Havana' to make it.. Whence is their power derived? No instance, among the numerous cases that have been adjudged by this Court, has occurred in which such an authority has been relied on by a claimant. It is at total variance with usage and practice; it is at total variance with the whole land system of the Spanish colonies; it has no sanction in the laws of the Indies. The angwer given by counsel for the claimants to these objections is, that "the land was granted by the provincial committee, the constitution of that day beifig then in force in the provinces, and said committee having power to grant lands." To support this allegation, it must be shown that, by the constitution or laws of Spain, the Provincial Deputation. at Havana had authority to grant lands in East Florida. What
authority to this effect has been produced ? Nothing, whatever, but the decree of the Cortes of the 4th of January, 1813. 1 Clarke's Land Laws, 1006. A slight examination of that decree', and of the constitutional' provisions out of' which it grew, will show, not only that it confers no such power, but that the exercise of it is at variance with the provisions and object of the decree. The new constitution of Spain was adopted by

324

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. Delespine.]
the Cortes, in the absefice of the king, on the 14th of March, 1812. The first and second chapters of the sixth title establisli the "Ayuntamientos" or town councils, and the "1Diputaciones Provinciales ;" and prescribe the functions of both. Among these, no power is conferred to dispose of the public domain. It may have been the intention of the Cortes, and probably was, to vest in them this power, under regulations to be digested in future laws. By the constitution, however, it was neither directly or-indirectly aone. 2 Decretos de las Cortes, 154. 157. Early in the following year we accordingly find the Cortes acting on the subject. On the 17th of January, 1813, the regency promulgated the decree adopted by the Cortes on the 4th of that month, (3 Decretos de las Cortes, 174. 1 Clarke's Land Laws, 1006. 8 Peters, 454. 14 Peters, 342,) by which it was determined that the public domain (contrary to the system previously existing) should be no longer ceded gratuitously to settlers, but be "made to serve as an aid to .the public necessities." Among the articles of this decree was one directing "the Provincial Deputations to propose to the Cortes, through the medium of the Regency, the time and the terms when it would be most convenient to carry this disposition into effect, in their respective piovinces, according to the circumstances of the country, and the lands which it may be indispensable to preserve for the town-, ships, in order that the Cortes may determine upon what may be most convenient to each territory;-" and it was further directed that " this business be recommended to the zeal of the regency of the kingdom, and to the two 'Secretaries of State, in order that they may bring forward and inform the Cortes at all times of the representations which the Provincial Deputations direct to them." 1 Clarke's Land Laws, 1006. This is all that the decree says in regard to the power of the Provincial Deputations. It has no reference, whatever, to grants of the public lands by them. They were required to make reports (as it may be seen that they again were in 1820, when similar changes were again contemplated; (6 Decretos de las Cortes, 345,) on certain points which he Cortes desired to ascertain, in order to perfect the contemplated change in the mode of disposal of the national domain. They were to examine what quantity was to be reserved for township purposes. They were to corn-

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

325

[The United States v. Delespine.]

municate their opinions to the Secretaries of State. These powers and duties were the only ones which the most liberal view of the decree confers on the Provincial Deputations. To construe language such as this, in a decree founded on a system which was to make the public lands "serve as an aid to the public necessities," into a power to grant gratuitously in absolute property, more than ninety thousand acres to a single individual, is to interpret it in a manner warranted by no rules of reasonable or legal construction. It is also to be inquired ho~w any power conferred on the Provincial Deputation at Havana could either be exercised by thexiselves in East Florida, or be delegated by them to the City.Council at St. Augustine; for it was from that body that the grant to Arrambide actually emanated. - But if the Provincial Deputation ever possessed such a.power, it was annulled before the grant was perfected. Arrambide did not receive the "expediente," or copy of the proceedings, till the 30th of June, 1814. He was, after that, to "produce the plat of the said lands," and was not to receive his title in form until he di4 so. On the 4ih 6! May, 1814, Ferdinand VII. resumed the throne of Spain.; and among his very first acts was a royal order, dated on that day, restoring the authority of the Captains General and Governors in the privinces; (1Decretos de Fernando, 7. 13;) succeeded very.shortly by other decrees re-establishing the ancient laws and usages in America. On -the 4th of June he directed the observance of the laws of the Indies, and the ordinances of the Intendants in regard to the public domain; and during that and the succeeding month several royal decrees to the same effect were promulgated. Decretos del Rey.Fernando VIL, v. i. 1 Clarke's Land Laws, 1010. 2 White's New Rec., 155. How then could Arrambide produce to the Provincial Deputation, or to the City Council? the plat whicl hb had promised? How could he receive his title in form, or perfect his grant, under a system which was totally annulled? How could it derive validity from the acts of an authority, which, if it ever possessed power to make such a grant, had ceased, by the change of the government, to retain it, even before the time when he received from the notary the evidence of his incipient title? And that such, too, was the opinion of the officers of the Spanish government,who have ever been dis-
VOL. XV.-2 E

326

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. Delespine.]

posed to countenance, as far as possible, these claims in Florida, is evident from the testimony of the Superior Accountant of Havana ; which may be seen in a rdport made by him in 1824, under a royal order, in relation to grants of land-4n Florida. He says that no evidence, whatever, was found* in regard to this grant in the principal treasury at Havana; and in a report made sloxtly after, by another of the public authorities, this grant (with the exception of that to Arredondo, which was made some years afterwards, under the royal authority) is decla red to be the only one ever known to have been made of land in East Florida by the atithorities of Havana. 2 White's New Rec., 378. 380. It may be assumed, then, as beyond a question, that this grant from the Provincial Deputation at Havana, would not have been recognised as "valid, if the territories had remained under the dominion of hig Catholic Majesty," and, therefore, that the United States are not buund to ratify and confirm it.
Admit, however, that the Provincial Deputation had the legal right to authorize the City Council of St. Augustine to make the grant, as stated in the testimonial; still, the grant made by the Council, on which the claimant rests his title, is not warranted by it. Na description can be more carefully explicit than that which designates the tract intended to be granted by the Provin-
cial Deputation. It is a square of land, cornprising two leagues to each cardinal point of the compass, on the south side of New rivir, reaching down to the sea shore, at the inlet of Puerto Largo, where that river discharges itself into the ocean. This, and this only, the City Council were authorized to "grant in property" to Arrtnbide. But the resolution of the Council grants him "two leagues of land to the north of the river Miamies, which are on the north-west side of Cayo Biscayno," and that is the tract in which the claimant now asks to be, confirmed. The localities are altogether different. The two places are distant from each other sixty or seventy miles. The position, that the location cannot be varied from the description in the grant, unless, as in the case of The United States v. Sibbald, 10 Peters, 321; such variation be expressly authorized; has been repeatedly
laid down by this Court. If the claimant abandons his title under the grant of the Provincial Deputation, and relies on that
of the City Council of St. Augustine, he is met by two objec-

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

327

[The United States v. Delespine.]

tions, either of whih is fatal. The Council had no authority, under any law or royal order that has ever been produced, to make grants of land in the territory of East Florida; and if they had, this grant, which they have here made, ispso deficient in a description of locality,, that, as in the case of The United States v. Forbes, it is impossille to found a decree upon it, in the'absence of any return of survey.
4. If the claimant has established, that the grant of the land he claims was, in fact, made in due form, still the validity of his title depended on the survey, occupation, and settlement of it, and the erection of mills. The concession was not solicited or conferred on account of any services. In his representation, Arrambide promises "to produce the plat (f the lands, as soon as lie finds himself prepared to take it out, to commence the establishment which he is to effect." The survey and demarcation of the land were thus a condition of his own making, in the year 1814; until this should be done, he was not prepared to receive his title; by the existing regulations in regard to grants of public lands, he could not have done so, unless a settlement and survey had been made within a limited period, but, in addition to that, the terms of his own application prescribed their necessity. In the testimonial'of the provincial deputation, it is stated that he solicited a grant of the land, "with the object of establishing on it mills for sawing timber ;" and. this is assigned as a reason for granting him a tract so unusually large. From the claimant's own evidence, as set out in the record, it is apparent that there was an entire neglect to comply with any such conditions. In 1818, Arrambide told one of the witnesses that "he was going to build mills ;" and in 1824, another witness, who resided near the Miami river, "knew of no mills being erected there" by him.
A witness who was there in 1815, "saw two white families ana some negroes belonging to the establishmint" of Arrambide; but on returning there, about four years afterwards, he "found but one of the families remaining, and understood that .they were there on their own account." It is not even alleged that, before this abandonment, any survey had been made, or any plat of the lands produced. "The assignment," says Saavedra, in his first report, in 1818, to Governor Coppinger, "of extensive portions of territory, which ha*e been made for the establish-

SUPREME COURT.
[The United States v. Delespine.]
ment of factories, to persons who did not then comply, or have not since presented themselves to establish their mechanical works, ought to be considered withbut any right or value, and said lands declared perfectly free, that they may revert into the class of public lands." And in his second report, made in the following year, he again says, ".as it is certain that many individuals who have obtained such concessions have remaiicd in inaction, without having for so long a period advanced the establishment of said works, it appears just, that such concessions, which have remained in inactivity, should be declared null and of no effect." 2 White's'New Rec. 284. 290.
Mr. Downing, for the appellee, stated: This is a claim for "two leagues of land, to each point of the compass, for the purpose of erecting saw-mills, making, &c., and cutting lumber. The land was granted by the "Provincial Committee," December 4, 1813 : the constitution of that day being then in force in the pr vinces, and said committee having the power to grant lands. This grant was subsequently approved by Governor Kindelan, and was ne-'r annulled. 1. This grant was filed before the Court in time; (4 sec., law of 1830.) 2. It was made by full authority; it was unconditional, and is valid.
Mr. Justice CATRON delivered the opinion of the Court. The first objection to the decree of the Court below, made in behalf of the United States, is: 1. "That the claim ought not to be sustained; because, neither the claimant, nor those under whom he claims, ever came within the provisions of the act of Congress, applicable to the said claim; or filed any petition, memorial, or necessary documents within the term required by law."
By the act of the 26th of May, 1830, Congress declared, that all claims to lands not settled by that act, and which had been presented to the Commissioners of East Florida, or to the Register and Receiver acting as such, and which had not been "final ly acted upon," should be adjudicated and settled as prescribed

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

329

[The United States v. Delespine]

by the act of. 1828. The final action referred to in the act of

1830, was that of Congress. 7 Peters, 94. So that the claim

in controversy is of the description required, and within the ju-

risdiction of the Courts, by the fourth section of the act of 1830;

nor do we find any thing in the act, which precluded the Court

below from entertaining the petition for the establishment of the

claim, on the ground that it had not been filed in time. By

the act of 1828, c. 70, s. 12, it was declared, that claims not

brought before the Courts within one year from the date of that

act, should be forever barred: and thus stood Delespine's claim,

when the act of 1830 was passed. This act has no direct limi-

tation in it; nor is it open to inquiry in this case, whether a limi-

tation cn be implied; because the petition was filed in Novem-

her, 1830, within one year after the date of the act: and although

the first petition was informal, and defective in substance, still,

it would be too strict, to say it was not the commencement of

the proceeding, but that the amendment allowed by the Superior

Court, in November, 1833, should be taken as the date when the.

claim was first preferred.

It had been filed before the commissioners for adjudicating the

Florida land claims, as early as 1825, we are informed by the

petition; and reported to Congress, with a recommendation, that

it be confirmed. This fact is not denied, or controverted; and

which we take to be true. . 2. It is insisted that the evidence in the cause is insufficient

to prove that the alleged grant or concession was ever made,

It appears, that on the 28th day of May, 1813, Arrambide

applied, to the Provincial- Deputation, at Havana, for two leagues

of land toeach point of the compass, making ninety-two thou-

sand one hundred and sixty acres; that, on the 4th of Deceml~er,

1813, the Deputation stated to the Council of St. Augustine, that

it granted the land to Arrambide.. and referred tri-e grantee to

the Council, with a command to the Couricil to expedite to him

the title.

The ordinary modes of granting lands in Florida, had been

directly, either by the Captain General of Cuba, or the Governor

of Florida; but owing to a recent call of the Cortes in Spain,

and a re-organization of the Spanish government, existing at the

date of the concessign; and which state of things lasted only for

2 z2

42

330

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. Delespine.]
a short time, the mode 'of proceeding, in regard to grantitrg the public domain, was changed, and the powers vested, in the tribunals known as "the Provincial Deputation." This appears by the royal order of the 4th 'of January, 1813, found in the United States Land Laws, Appendix, 1006. It .was made the duty of the Provincial Deputation, to devisp the most convenient means of making grants; and through the Secretaries of State, to report the same to the Cortes, for their recognition and adoption.
The Deputation at Havana assumed the power to grafft; and nothing appearing to the contrary of the existence of the power in that body, and the concession miade at Havana, not being opposed to the, royal order of January, 1813, and there being no occasion, in this case, to inquire into the powers of the Provincial Deputation ; we have treated the testimonial as emanating from the proper authority, leaving the point open to future inquiry, should an occasion call for it, and positivelyrequire us to decide whether the Deputation had the power assumed.
It was necessary to state thus much of the case, and of the then state of the Spanish tribunals and history, preparatory to discussing the effect of the proofs intended to establish that the grant had in fact been made.
Jose Leal, representing himself as a notary at Havana, certifies, that on the 13th of Januaryi 1814, he had recorded the original memorial of Arrambide, and the documents accompanying the same, with the testimonial, or concession; a record of which he testifled in presence of tw6 witnesses. This record purports to have been made pursuant to the order of the Captain General, on the petition of Arrambide. Thus authenticated, the testimonial of the grant appears to have been presented to the Council of East Florida; but none of the accompanying documents, so far as can be seen, or 'inferred from the record before us, were presented.
On the 1st'day of February, 1814, the Council acted upon the testimonial, but granted lands at a different place from the one therein expressed.
On the 3d of June, 1814, Fntralgo, the Secretary, says, "This is a copy." And on the 6th of June following, Ygninez and

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

331

[The United States v. Delespine.]

Lopez, styling themselves Royal Collector, and Treasurer, certify to the official character of Enrtralgo.
How far the forms of these certificates could have been called in question, in the Supreme Court, it is difficult to say; no objection, however, on the hearing in that Court, was made to the introduction of the testimonial given the interested party at Havana; nor to the resolution taken thereon by the Council at
St. Augustine; and we therefore do not feel ourselves justified in rejecting them on this appeal, becapse of the informality ill the evidence adduced to the Court below of their existence in the public archives of Florida. The claim had been presented to the American commissioners years before, without objection to the existence of the title by the board, so far as we are informed. But we chiefly rely on this, that from the nature and great extent of the claim, if such an objection had been well founded, or even suspected, it is fair to presume the counsel for the government of the United States would have interposed and demanded of the Superior Court, on the hearing, the rejection of the claim, on the ground that the evidence did not establish its existence.
From any thing that appears to the contrary, the originals of the proceeding had before the Council of St. Augustine, in 1814, may have been before the Court, and admitted in evidence without objection.
Furthermore, the authenticity of the testimonial made in Arrambide's behalf, at Havana, was sanctioned by the Council of St. Augustipe, in March, 1814; that was the tribunal to judge of its character as evidence: and h3ving been treated a's an existing and authentic act, this Court cannot, with any propriety at this day, hold otherwise5 especially, as not the slightest suspicion attaches to the authenticity of the title*papers, such as they are found in the record.
-3. Having disposed of the exceptions taken to the existence
of the title, we will next inquire what the effect of the testimonial was. We will take for granted that the papers on their face, considered in connexion with the royal order of January 4th, 1813, sufficiently establish the fact, that the power to grant at the particular time when the grant was made, was in the Provincial Deputation at Havanna, and not in the Council of the city of St. Augustine. The Council had imposed on it the duty

SUPREME COURT.
[The United States v. Delespine.]
"to despatch the corresponding title" to the lands granted by the Deputation. And to this end, and with this request, by the petition of Arrambide, was the testimonial laid before the Council in the present instance.
After the title in form was despatched, the proceedings were to be returned to the Provincial Depufation; conforming in this respect to the'12th and 17th articles of the royal order. The resolution of the Council must, thereforeifound itself on the testimonial. TheProvincial Deputation stated to the Council, "That they granted in prqperty to Arrambide, two leagues square to each point of the compass, of the lands he may choose, from the mouth of New river, which discharges itself on the coast of East Florida, and through Puerta Largo, on the south part, following the same course to the sea shore; con,rming as near as possible to the said decree.'"
New river, and the :,.let through which it passes into the ocean, are well known in tl3 geography of East Florida; lying north of the twenty-sixth degree of latitude, on the eastern coast, Fort Lauderdale being now established at the mouth of that river. From th. mouth of this river the interested party was authorized to choose the land; and we apprehend it was to be taken on the south part of the river, and wds certainly partly on the ocean.
On the 1st of February, 1814, Arrambide, by his petition dated at Havana, solicited the Coudcil of the city of St. Augustine, to expedite to him the title in conformity to the grant of the 4th of December, 1813, in the territory of the province of East Florida, and on the south part thereof.
'The testimonial leaving," says he, "to my choice, the place
where I should settle myself; and desiring to possess two leagues to the north of the river Miamies, which is at the north-west side of Largo Byscayno, I pray your honours to be pleased*to expedite to me the corresponding title of property for the two leagues of land to each point of the compass, agreeably to this situation: reserving to myself to produce the plat of the said lands, as soon as I find myself prepared to take it out, to commence the establishment, which I am to effect."
The Miamies is a Tiver also well -known in the geography of East Florida, and lies about one degree of latitu.de south of the New river; and at the mouth of which is now Fort Dallas.

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

333

[The United States v. Delespine.]

The grant made at Havana, was " with the object of establishing on it mills for sawing timber ;" such was the iepresentation made by -Arrambide to the Deputation, as we are bound to infer from the papers adduced; although the representation does not appear in the record. No survey has ever been made at the mouth of New river; nor could any be made, unless ordered-by the Council of St. Augustine; nor has the proposed establishment been made at that or any other place.
On applying to the Local Council of East Florida, Arrambide abandoned his first location, and claimed to select another, inthe
neighbourhood of a river lying sixty or seventy miles further south. Of the abandonment there can be no doubt. No claim is set up, in the petition, for the land at the mouth of New river, as granted-by the Provincial Deputation.
To the grant at Havana, the rule applies which was laid
down by Saavedra at the command of Governor Coppinger, in answer to the inquiries of the agent of the Duke of Allegon, and recited in the case of The United States v. Clarke, 8 Peters, 461 ; that "The assignments of extensive portions of territory; which have been made for the establishment of factories, to persons who did not then comply, nor have since presented themselves to establish their mechanical works, ouht also to be considered without any right or value; and said lands perfectljr free, that they may revert into the class of public lands." The opinion and report, from which the foregoing is an extract, was recognised as authority by this Court, in the case of The Vjnited States v. Wiggins, 14 Peters, 351; and we imagine its accuracy is indisputable. We therefore think, from the facts
presented by ihe fecord, as also by the-laws of Spain, the grant made at the mouth of New river, by the Provincial Deputation, imposed no obligation on the government of Spain, at the date of the treaty of 1819, to confirm the title to Arrambide; and that none rests on the government of the United States, as the successor to the rights and obligations of Spain.
4. Did the concession, made by the Council at St. Augusiine, confer any title? It was professedly made in conformity to the authority of the testimonial and decree of the Provincial Deputation of Cuba; and could only be intended to expedite the formal title. The Coumcil neither had, or professed to have in

334

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. Delespine.]

itself, the power to make a new and independent grant to Arrambide; thereby disregarding the commands of its superiors, and of the laws and regulations recently adopted for the government of the provincial authorities, when granting lands. The concession was, therefore, void, for want of power in the tribunal that assumed to make it.
This Court say, in the case of the United States v. Clarke, 8 Peters, 454, 455, that the royal order of the 4th of January, 1813, founded on the decree of the Cortes, seems to hhve been repealed on the 22d of August, 1814. That it was annulled by the King about that time, there can be no doubt; and it may be, the title of Arrambide would not have been recognised by Spain, after the repeal. So it may have been impossible for him to make the survey, or return the proceedings to the Deputation of Havana, according to any known law, after the repeal; that he had no time to do so, between the 22d of March, 1814, when the Council made the concession, and the 22d of August of that year, when the repeal took place, may be safely assumed: yet, with the very slight information we have on this subject, and of those times in the history of Spain, it has been deemed proper not to institute an inquiry into the effect of the repeal of thle royal order of 1813.
The decree below, is for a square of land of twelve English miles; the centre of the tract, to be two leagues northward from the mouth of the Miamies, and two leagues from the sea coast; the lines of the survey to be to the cardinal points of the compass.
The petition of Arrambide, asked of the Council of East Florida, two leagues to each point of the compass, "to the north of the river Miamies." That the land was to have been selected in the neighbourhood of some part of the river, and north of it, is sufficiently plain; but whether near the ocean, or near what other part of the river, does not appear, and for an obvious reason, the grantee reserved to himself, "the right to produce the plat of the said lands, as soon as he found himself prepared to take it out, and to commence the establishment. which he was to effect." This Was never done, and no particular lands could have been decreed to Arrambide; had the Council at St. Augustine possessed the power to grant. The

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

335

EThe United States v. Delespine.]
doctrine on this subject is stated in seveial cases decided at the present term; and which need not be repeated. It was not possible for the Superior Court to locate any land, as no particular spot was granted; lands not previously granted, were, by the treaty, vested in the United States, as part of the public domain ; the public domain cannot lbe granted by the Courts; this, the decree below attempted to effect: and on this ground, was there no other objection to the decree, it should be reversed; which is ordered; and that the petition be dismissed.

This cause came on to be heard, on the transcript of the record from the Superior Court, for the Southern Judicial District of Florida, and was argued by counsel: On consideration whereof, it is ordered and decreed by this Court, that the decree of the said Superior Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, reversed and annulled, and that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said Superior Court, with directions to dismiss the petitioh of the claimant.

JANUARY TERM, 1841.
THE UNITED STATES, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, v. JOHN FrrzGERALD AND HIPOLITE. FITZGERALD, DEFENDANTS IN ERROR.
John Fitzgerald had been appointed, in 1833, Inspector of the Customs for the District of Missis ppi; and by the Collector at New Orleans, he had been employed as boarding officer at the south-west pass on the Mississippi river, and went into possession of a tract of land which had been occupied by a former boarding officer i the service of the United States. The Collector was not instructed by the Treasury Department to place the boarding officer on that, or any other tract of land; nor was he bound to reside there. The United States had provided no accommodations for the boarding officer. The Collector had never, before possession was so taken, requested that the land should be reserved for the useof the boarding officer, or of the custom house at New Orleans. John Fitzgerald, on the 18th June, 1835, entered the tract of land with the Register of the Land Office in New Orleans, and he and Hipolito Fitzgerald, his wife, expended their own money on the improvements of the trait, and complied with all the requisitions of the laws of the United States granting preemption rights. Proof was made, before the R gister of the Land Office, of the possession and cultivation of thq tract of land in 1833; and the purchase money was paid to the United States. The acting Commissioner of the Land Office, on the 3d November, 1836, wrote to the Register of the Land Office at New Orleans, stating that the Secretary of the Treasury had directed that the land should be reserved from sale for the use of the custom house at New Orleans, and requesting that it should be marked as reserved from sale on the plats of land in his office. The Circuit Court of Louisiana dismissed the petition which had been presented by the United States, claiming this land, and decreed that John and Hipolite Fitzgerald should be quieted in the possession of the land; and on appeal to the Supreme Court the decision of the Circuit Court was affirmed.
No law is known to exist which. deprives an officer in the service of the United States of a right to acquire a portion of the public lands, by any mode of purchase common to other citizens.
If a tract of land has been severed from the public domain, by a legal appropriation of itfor any public purpose, no right can be acquired to it by cultivation or possession; because the land thus severed is not subject to the pre-emption law.
It cannot be pretended that the land held by John and Hipolite Fitzgerald was reserved from sale, by an act of Congress, or by order of the President. The direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, to reserve it from sale, several months after it had been sold and paid for, would not amount to such a reservation.
No appropriation of public land can be made for any purpose, but by authority of an act of Congress. By the 3d section of the Constitution of the United States, power is given to Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property of the United States. No authority is known to exist in any Collector, under a law of Congress, to make an appropriation of land for the use ofhe United States.

408

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. Fitzgerald.]
If an act of Congress had directed a lighthouse to be erected on the tract of land held by John and Hipolite Fitzgerald, before they had entered it, according to the decision of this Court in the case of Wilcox v. Jackson, 13 Peters, 498, this would have been an appropriation of the tract to the use of the United States, within the meaning of the act of Congress of 29th of May, 1830; and Tiould have taken away the right of pre-einption.

IN error to the Circuit Court of the United States for East - Louisiana.

'The United States, by a petitory action in the Circuit Court of Louisiana, claimed a tract of land, situated in the parish of Plaquemine, on the river Mississippi, below the port of New
Orleans. This land, one hundred and sixty acres, had been entered by
the defendants in error, under a pre-emption right alleged to be foundedl on the possession aA cultivation of the tract, commencing in 1833. The entry had been regularly made in the office of the Register of Public Lands, in Louisiana, under the act of Congress of 1834, on the 18th of June, 1836, and the purchase m6ney paid to the United States. John Fitzgerald, on the 6th of May,"1f833, had been appointed an Inspector of the Customs for the P'rt of New Orleans, and was despatched by the Collector of that port to the.south-west pass of the Mississippi river, in order to discharge the duties of boarding officer. He was stationed at a prbpeirpint, on the river, and himself and his wife took possession of ahouise which.had. been occupied by a former boarding officer, on the public lands of tbe:United States. The government had provided no place for the residence of the boarding officer. The land was cultivated and improved by John Fitzgerald and Hipolite Fitzgerald, his wifQ, in the manner which, by the laws of the United States, gave them a preemption right to the same; unless there had been a previous appropriation, by the United States, of the tract for public
purposes. Some months after the entry of the land and the payment of
the purchase money, the Secretary of the Treasury, through the acting Comm sioner of Public Lands, directed the tract to be reserved from sale for the use of the United States.
The United States proceeded,by this action, in the Circuit Co.urt,

JANU4ARY TERM, 1841.

409

..The United States v; tramd1
to establish their right to the land; alleging that*Fitzgerald and his wife had acquired no right, or title to the land, but that the same continued a part of the -public lends of the United S.ates. They averred that the possession which had been taken of the land by John Fitzgerald and his wife, had been for the use of the. 'United States; John Fitzgerald being at the 'time an officer in 'the service of the United States.
The Circuit Court ordered the petition of the United .States to be dismissed: and 'decreed that the defendants in error should be confirmed in their title to the land.
The United States prosecuted this writ of error.

The case wqs argued by Mr. Gil ,Attorney General for the United States; and by Mr. Bell, for the defenlants in error.,

Mr. Gilpin, for the'United States.

The mouth of the Mississippi river c6nsists AS is well knd-vin'

of five outlets ok "1passes," as they are called,which run through

the narrow bahks or tongues of alluvial land that stretch into

the' Gulf of Mexico. The principal of these,'the south-we.t,

pass, extends for almost fifteen miles into the' ocean having on

each side a narrow margin, chiefly of-swamp. In some places

this bank between the river and the ocean,,is not more than

three or four hundred yards in width. In' other places it :has

greater breadth. 'On this narrow strip, on 'the west'side of the

river, a short distance above the Balize, or extreme mouth of

the Mississippi, is a spot which afforded a small space sufficiently

protected to enable f'he boarding officer attached to the custonf

house at New Orleans, to have a sort of land station. It was so

occupied, as is in .evidence in this cause, as earlr as.the year

1830 ; and by common repute,- and without doulbt, it had been'

'so occupied long before. On the 2d of March, 1829, Congress,

by law, directed a stirveypf th e passes of the Mississippi, with a

view to the improvement of their navigation, and the building

of lighthouses, (8Laws U. S. 202 ;)' and on the 3d. of March,

1831, they passed an act appropriating forty thousand dollars

for buildjng a lighthouse on the south-west pass, and another

near the Balize. The boarding station at the former place may

be'regarded as being,-in the contemplation of Congress, the spot

VOL. XV.-2 M

52

410

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. Fitzgerald.]
.for the former, it being, as the evidence in this case states, the only spot in that region where such a station" could be made. In the year 1833, four years after the survey, and two years after the appropriation foi building the lighthouse, the Collector of the customs at New Orleans, employed the defendant, John Fitzgerald, as all Inspector, and stationed him as the boarding officer, in the cruising vessel at .the south-west pass. He was allowed to be occasionally on sho're at a convenient place on the pass, and the spot in question had always been used for that purpose. There was a house there; but by whom originally built does not appear. There is no evidence of its being built by the United States, nor any of its erection by the defendant. The Collector says, that finding this place "so usdd by the boarding officer, he continued him there without any special instruction from the President,,or the Secretary of the.Treasury."
On the 6th of March, 1834, the legislature of Louisiana passed a law, cedihg the civil and criminal jurisdiction over the land to the United States.
On the 29th May, 1830, an act 'of Congress was passed, (4 Story's Laws, 2213,) to grant pre-emption rights to settlers on the public lands. The provisions of that act were, that every "settler or occupant" of the ptblic lands, who was then in pos-
session, and had cultivated it in he year 1829, might enter at the land office not more than one hundred and sixty acres, to include his improvement, at the minimum price. If there were two or more persons settled on the same quarter section, it might be divided betwedn them, and- each enter eighty acres elsewhere. Before entry under the act, proof of settlement or improvement was to be made to the Register and Receiver, agreeably to the rules prescribed by the General Land Office. No entry was to be made under the act of any land which was either "reserved for the use of the United States, or either of the several states, or reserved from sale by act of Congress, or by order of the President, or which might have been appropriated for any purpose whatever." This law was to expire in one year from its date. On the loth June, 1830, and th6 14th September, 1830, full rules Were prescribed by the Commissioners of the General Land Office relative to the execution of this law, directing the precautions-to b6 iaken in regard to proof of occupancy and

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

411

[The United States'v. Fitzgerald.]

cultivation, what was the meaning of those terms, and requiring actual payment. 2 Birchard's Land Laws, 539. 545. On the 10th June, 1834, an act was passed to revive the pre-emptioa act. of 1830, which gave, for two years from its passage, all the privileges of that act to every settler or occupant of the public 'lands who was tben in possession, and had cultivated any part thereof, in the year 1833. On the 22d of July, f864, full .Tules were issued by the Commissioner of the General Land Office, (2 Birchard's Land.Laws, 589,) as the law required, and direc-
tions were given as to the nature and mode of proof by which the pre-emptor's right was to be ascertained. On the 29th February, 1836, additional rules (2 Birchard's Land Laws, 624) 6n the savue subject were- issued, as the period at which this, privi-, lege was about expiring approached; in this, the regulations ap to roof were more fully set forth, especially in the cases where
floating rights were claimed by an alleged settlement of morel than one person.. On the 2d June, 1836, John Fitzgerald and Hipolite Fitzgerald his wife, made an affidavit before W. B. G. Taylor, a justice of the peace in the parish of Plaquemines, annexed to an application to the Register and Receiver at New Orleans to 'become the purchasers of one hupdred and sixty acres of land, being section 8, of township 24, range 30 east, under the' provisions of the act of 19th June, 1834, ahid stated that they had cultivated the same and were in actual possession and occupancy thereof at the date of the law. On the 3d June, the day after, a deposition was made by two persons before the same justice, stating, generally, that the facts set forth in the application of Fitzgerald and his wife were true. On the 18th of June, the-day on which the act expired, an application for a float for one hundred and sixty acres in.addition, appears- to have been made, but is not signed by either Fitzgerald or his wife. On the same day is a certificate signed by the Register at New Orleans.
stating, "that the foregoing. lots contain three hundred and twenty-seven acres and a half, as stated in the foregoing application, according to the returns of the Surveyor General, and thot" the price agieed upon is one dollar and twenty-five cents an acre." On the 3d of November, 1836, a letter was addressed to the Register, by the Commissioner of the General Land Office, stating that the application of "John Walker" to entei section 8,

SUPREME COURT.
[The United'States v. Fitzgerald.J
township 24, range 30 east, had been received from him, but that the Secretary of the Treasury has directed it to be reserved from sale, as important for the use of the Custom House, and he directs him to apprize Mr. Walker, and Messrs. John and Hipoite Fitzgerald that no entry, whatever, can be permitted. Fitzgerald, however, subsequent to the termination of his office as an inspector, continued to assert his right to the property as pxe-emptor, which had become valuable from the lighthousie being erected upon it; and, on the 5th of January, 1837, a petition was filed, by the District Attorney, in the Circuit Court of the United States in Louisiana, setting forth this claim, denying its legality, and praying that they should be adjudged to deliver up. possession of the land to the United States. On the 20th February, 1837, the defendants filed their answer, in which John Fitzgerald admitted that he was boarding officer at the southwest pass, and stated that he was under the necessity of "procuring accomodations" there, the same not being furnished by the United States; and that he was entitled to the benefits of the pre-emption law; they, therefore, prayed that the 'suit might be dismissed, and all other relief granted that the nature of the case might require. On the 28th December, 1839, the Circuit Court, the District, Judge alone sitting, gave judgment "that the deiendants be quiated in their possession of the premises in dispute, and that the plaintiffs take nothing- by their petition." On the 21st April, 1840, a writ of error was issued from this Court.
It is submitted that this judgment was erroneous; because 1. A decree to quiet the possession of the defendant, was.not one which the Court could properly render in this suit against the United States. 2. The defendant could not, at the time this guit was brought, claim .the benefits of a pre-emptor in the land mentioned in the declaration. 3. The land mentioned in the declaration was not subject to entry, under the act of 19th June, 1834. I. 'A decree to quiet dgfendants' possession, is not one that the Court ought to have made. It is given as a mere interlocutory proceeding, while a suit to try the right of possession is pending, (2 Story's Equity, 161;) but, in this case, it is a final decree, barring the plaintiff' right. York v. Pilkington, "1Atkyns, 284.

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

413

IThe United States v. Fitzgerald.]
East India Company v. Sandys, 1 Vernon, 129, and note. Anonymous, 2 Vesey, Sen. 414. Belknap v. Belknap, 2 John. C. C. 472. Nor was such a decree asked for by the defendants. The United States claimed the land; the defendants were in possession; the United States were to establish their title; if good, to get possession; if bad, to be. refused it, and dismissed. What necessity was there for the Court to give any other'judgment? It was totally uncalled for; and, if given in accordance with any peculiar practice of Louisiana, let that be shown. Such would not seem to be the case, judging from the decision of the Supreme Court of that state, in the case of Cullivec v. Garick, 11 Louis. Rep. 89. Unless sustained by such local practice, the precedent is a dangerous one. In ejectment, the plaintiff relies on his own title. He is prepared only to examine and present that.. If he fails to make it good, his suit is lost. If the Court, passing beyond this, decides upon the defendants' title, they decide a point not necessarily before them, and which the plaintiff.was not warned would be presented, or prepared to meet.
If, however, the defendants' title was properly before the Court, on what ground could it adjudge that they were entitled to possession? Under what right were they? It is admitted that they bad no legal title; that remained in the United States. At the most, they could have had nothing more'than an equitable claim to a title; and they had not, in fact, even that. If they had a Register's certificate in due form, it gave them no title; it proved merely a few facts, necessay, indeed, to their procuring. a title, but by no means sufficient or conclusive. But, by this judgment, they obtain, on such a ground, anabsolute and complete title. They have a decree of a Court, awarding to them a possession that nothing is to disturb. This, too, they obtain against those who have, and never have parted with, the actual fee. A patent could give them no more. This decree, therefore, to" quiet the defendants' possession," is a title equivalent to a patent, against the owner who'still holds the patent; for the United States, never having issued it, are as fully the holders of it as their grantees could be. Now when has it been heard that a Register's certificate is to prevail against a patent? The acts: of Congress, from the beginning of the government, recognise a patent as the complete evidence of title to the Public domain;
2M2

414

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. Fitzgerald.]

and nothing else. 1 Story's Laws, 424. 787. 818. 2 Story's
Laws, 896. 1022. 1067. 1201. 1239. 1417. The holder of an unpatented location Cannot dispossess him who holds under a patent; much less can he dispossess the United States, who have never issued a patent. Terret v. Taylor, 9 Cxanch, 43. Polk v. Wendell, 9 Cranch, 87. Russell v. Transylvania University, 1 Wheaton,
432. M'Clung v. Silliman, 6 Wheaton; 605. Ross v. Doe, 1 Peters, 664. Bagnell v. Broderick, 13 Peters, 450. Jackson v. Wilcox, 13 Peters, 517.. Ritchie v. Woods, 1 Wash. C. G. R. ii. Depassau v. Winteri, 7 Louis. R. 6. Boatnqr v. Ventris, 8 New Series, 653. It was never the intention of the law, from which alone these certificates gain any force, that they should take the place. of patehts. , They are inferior*evidence. They establish
certain facts; they de not confer title. Could the District Judge change their character? Could he make them what the law never ir.ended them to be? He should have dismissed the plaintiffs' application, if he deemed the evidence insufficient to sustain it; but he had no right to, decree the sufficiency of the defendant's title. In this there was error.
II. The defendant, Fitzgerald, could not, at the time the suit was brought, establish any possessory title under the pre.emption law of 1834. He had neither done what was necessary to entitle him to its privileges, nor had he, in fact, received from any autlorized officer, any legal recognition to that effect. He was not a settler; he had made no improvement or cultivation; he had offered no proof satisfactory to the Register and Receiver, he had made no entry; and he had received no certificate. A set-
tler is a person who takes possession, for the purposes of cultivation; who personally occupies the land, and makes it his home, not occupying it for a cause merely temporary; he must use it for farming purposes. In the case of Henderson v. Poindexter. 12 Wheaton, 530, this Court considered settlement as meaning an actual bona fide residence. Now the evidence in this case shows that the settlement of Fitzgerald bore no resemblance, whatever, to such occupation. Even if he cultivated this remote, inhospitable strip of land, jutting into the ocean, it was done with no such intention on his part. He went there from necessity, as a public officer, for a public purpose. Hfdid not go even voluntarily; he was sent there. Can a public officer, sent for a

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

415

[The United StatW . Fitzgerald.)

public object, on to a part of the public domain, be considered as a settler? Could a body of troops, stationed through the winter on public land near the frontiers, acquire the pre-emption rights of settlers? Do the commanders of temporary posts acquire all those rights? Fitzgerald admits that he went tb this place as the boarding officer; that he took possession as such; that he occupied the cabin as such. The Collectoi proves that, in such capacity, he allowed such occupation. If this gives a pre-emption right, there is no occupation of public soil, for public purposes, by an officer sent upon them, that will not give it.
Nor did Fitzgerald make any improvement. The house was there when he was sent to the station; and it is evident that, so far fromseeking to improve it, he used it merely as a temporary residence, in the intervals of his duty as the boarding officer.
But it is not sufficient that these things were done, had that been the case. They must have been proved, within the time limite&by law, "to the satisfaction of the Register and Receiver," agreeably to the established rules. Now of this having been done, there is not the slightest evidence. The signature of the *Register does not appear to a single paper to that effect; that of the Receiver is not affixed to any other document than a mere r~ceipt for money paid. Surely the e'amination by these officers, of the facts on which so great a privilege rests, as,that which the law accords to pre-emptors, is not to- be thus lightly dispensed with. 2 Birchard's Land Laws, 589. Nor does this defect stop here. So far as the record enables us to discover, Fitzgerald never made any entry at all. There is evidence of an application to enter; but there the record stops. There is no certificate of its having been made or allowed. .The document, which, in the case of Jackson v. Wilcox, 13 Peters, 505, showed so fully a compliance with all the necessary forms, is~here totally want-' ing.
It is unnecessary to comment upon another fact connected with this pre-emption'claim: that is, the right to a float derived* from an alleged separate settlement by Fitzgerald's own wife; because the present decree of the Court does not extend to the entry under that claim.
III. But suppose that the defendant's right to a pre'-emption, was not affected, for any of the reasons stated; could it be

416

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. Fitzgerald.]

located on this tract of land? The terms of the law are very broad; they positively exclude, from .any such location, all land reserved for the use of the United States; or reserved from sale by any act of Congress; or appropriated for any public purpose. 4 Story's Laws, 2213. Now what appropriation for a public purpose can be more complete than this very act of Fitzgerald's. He is sent tq the land by the Collector, for a public purpose; necessarily occupies it for that purpose. Is not this an appropriation? In fact, the whole evidence shows that for years and years before it had been so used ; so appropriated: "The testimony of the Collector at New Orleans is positive upon this point. The language of this Court, in the case -of Jackson v. Wilcox, 13 Peters, 511, 512, shows that, wherever there is a real and permanent use of a part of the public domain for a public purpose, it is such an appropriation of it as the law iintended. It is quite apparent, from the words of the act, that' they were inserted for the express purpose of protecting from pre-emption settlements, such spots on the public domain as the public convenience had made it necessary from time to time to use; and which, as all the land belonged to the United States, *operated injuriously to no one. The act reserved from pre-emption, in express terms, every tract that had been set apart for tie use of the United States, either by the President, (of course embracing the acts of the executive departments, under his actual or implied direction,) or by act of Congress. It then proceeded
to reserve an additional class, that is, such spots as were thei actually appropriated, or used for a public 'purpose. -Of course,
the positive treservation by the executive, or by law, was not necessary in the latter class of cases. This was meant to refer to cases of actual appropriation; not arising from definite and specific acts, as distinguished fromreservations made by the former.
But, in fact, there does appear to have been an express resei vation of this piece of ground, by the Secretary of the Treasury. As soon as information reached the GeneralLand Office, of Fitzgerald's application, the Register was informed that "1the Secre- tary of the Treasury had directed that .ract of land to- be" reserved from sale, as it was important for the use of the custom house, at New Orleans." This language has evident reference, not to a reservation then first made, but to one that had been

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

417

[The United States v. Fitzgerald.]

previously made, for a well ascertained object, of which the importance was fully recognised and already known. The lighthouse, too,. though on an island separated by a narrow channel from the particular spot where the cabi occupied by Fitzgerald stood, was, in fact, to be regarded as a part of the same premises. It was all a piece of land embracing a few acres in a narrow circuit, stretihing .into the ocean, where alone these public ob-
jects connected with commerce could be attained. These acts, if not reservations within the express terms of the act of Congress, are yet clearly such as are held to be sufficient; under the opinion of this Court, in the case of Jackson v. Wilcox, 13 Peters, 498.
On the whole, therefore, it is submitted that *the Court below, erred, in giving, by its decree, an absolute title to the defendant, instead of merely dismissing the plaintiff's bill; and that, on the merits, the defendants had shown neither a sufficient title under the pre-emption law, nor a right to locate it upon the land'they *claimed.

Mr. Bell, for the defendants in error, contended that the land in controversy was, in 1833, part of the public land of the United States, and was subject to entry and sale, under pre-emption rights. When John Fitzgerald went to the land, and took possession of the building upon it, he did so for his own personal accommodation, and not for the use of the United States; 'while it was certainly the province, in all justice, of the government, to provide a residence for the boarding officeri at a place most convenient for the performance of his -duty; yet, having failed to do so, it became necessary for him to procure one for himself. In this he did not act for the government; lie had no authority to act for them; and all he did, was at his own private cost, and enured to his owvn peisonal b.enefit.
May not a public officer purchase public lands for his individual account? Ma'he n6t cultivate and in prove, public land, and entitle himself to the priVileg4s aid rights of a pre-emptor ? The questions can receivd-but one answer: although an officer in the service of the United States, no exclusion from such rights exists by law. He enjoys them in c6mmon with every citizen of the United States.

SUPREME COURT.
[The United States v. Fitzgerald.]
In fact, no appropriation of this land for public puiposes, has ever been made. Although the directions of the Secretary of the Treasury to reserve this land from sale, were given after the defendants in error had acquired a full title to the land; yet, if they had not acquired such title, the public lands cannot be appropriated to the use of the United States, by any act of the Secretary of the Treasury, unless specially thereto authorized by law.
The public lands are, by the Constitution, placed in the hands of Congress; and an act of Congress is required to authorize any and every severance of any part of them from the great body of the public domain, for the special use of the government, While the President of the United States is authorized, in particular cases, to appropriate porti6ns of the land, for the purpose and use of the government, no such right or privilege is given to the head of the Treasury Department.
Mr. Justice M'KINLEY delivered the opinion of the Court. This is a petitory action brought by the plaintiffs, in the Circuit C6urt of the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana, to recover one hundred and sixty acres of land, claimed by the defendants under the pre-emption law of the 19th of June, 1834. In their petition the plaintiffs allege, that the defendants, under the pretence that they were entitled to section number 8, containing one hundred and sixty acres in township 24 of range 30, by right of pre-emption, on the 18th day of June, 1836, entered it with the Register of the Land Office -at New Orleans; that the defendant, John Fitzgerald, took possession of the land as an officer of the customs, by direction of the Collector at New Orleans, and not as a settler; and that the land had, long previous to the entry, been appropriated for public purposes, and attached to the custom house at New Orleans. The defendants admit in their answer, that John Fitzgerald was an officer of the cust9ms, and discharged the duties of boarding officer at the south-west pass, where, finding no accommodations or dwelling provided for them by the United States, they were under the necessity of proquring one for themselves, in which they expended their own money. That having complied with all the requisitions of the laws of the United'

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

419

[The United States v.Fitzgerald.]

States granting pre-emption rights, they entered the said tract of land; and insist that, by the laws of the United States, they are entitled to it.
It was proved on the trial that the defendant, John Fitzgerald, had been appointed, by the Secretary of the Treasury, Inspector of Customs for the District of Mississippi; and, by the Collector at New Orleans, he had been appointed boarding officer, at south-west pass, on the Mississippi river, and put into possession of the tract of land in controversy, which had been occupied by former boarding officers. The Collector was not instructed, by the Treasury Department, to place the boarding officer on that tract of land, nor was he bound to reside there; but might reside at any other place, convenient for the discharge of his duties. The Collector had never requested that this land should be reserved for the use of the boarding officer. A letter frqm the acting-Commissioner of the General Land Office, dated the 3d of November, 1836, directed t9 the Register of the Land Office, at New Orleans, stating that the 'Secretary of the Treasury had directed that this tract of land should be reserved from sale, for the use of the custom' house at New Orleans, and requesting the Register to note upon his plats that it was so reserved from sale, and to give notice of the fact to the defend-ants, was also read as evidence.
The defendants proved that they had Made proof of their possession and cultivation of the tract of land in controversy before the Register and Receiver, according to-law, and had entered it with the Register and paid the purchase money. Whereupon the Court below, according to the usual. form of rendering judgment in such cases in.Louisiana, decreed that the defendants be quieted in their, possession of the premises in dispute, and that the plaintiffs take nothing by their petitibn.
To reverse this judgment, the United States have prosecuted this writ of errol. Two objections have been taken to the judgment.
1. The defendant, John Fitzgerald, being in the service of the
United States while residing on the public land, could not by cultivation and possession acquire a right of pre-emption; and if he could, this land was not subject to pre-emption, it having been appropriated to public use.

420

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States i. Fitzgerald.]

2. The Court had no power to quiet the defendants in their possession of the premises in dispute, the fee in the land being in the United States.
No law has been produced to show that an officer of the United States is. deprived of the benefit of the pre-emption laws; nor do we know of any law which deprivbs him of the right to acquire a portion of the public land, by any mode of purchase common to other citizens. , Had this tract of land been severed from the public domain by a legal appropriation of it, for any public purpose, Fitzgerald could have acquired no right to it by cultivation and possession; not because he was an officer of the United States, but because the land would not have been subject to the pre-emption law.
Was this land so appropriated? The pre-emption law of the 19th of May, 1830, which was revived by the act of the t9th of June, 1834, declares that- the right of pre-emption sha'1i not extend to any land which is reserved from sale by act of Congress, or by order of the President, or which may have been appropriated for any purpose whatever. 4 Story's Laws United States, 2213. The first section of the act of the 19th of June, 1834, gives to every settler or occupant of the public lands, prior to the passage of that act, who was 'then in possession and cultivated any part thereof in the year 1833, all the benefits and privileges provided by the act, entitled an act to grant pre-emption rights to settlers on the public lands, approved the 29th of May, 1830, and which act was thereby revived. The reservation and appropriation mentioned in the act of the 29th of May, 1830, must have been valid and subsisting at the date of the act of the 19th of June, 1834, to deprive the defendants of their right of pre-emption.
It cannot be pretended that the land in controversy was reserved from sale by any act of Congress, or by order of the -President, unless the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury to reserve it from sale, several months after it had been actually sold and paid for, could amount to such an order. As no reservation or appropriation of the land made after the right of the defendants accrued under the act of the 19th of June, 1834, could defeat that right,.it is useless to inquire into the authority by which the Secretary of the Treasury attempted to make the reservation.

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

421

[The United States v. Fitzgerald.]

The remaining question, under the first objection is, whether there bad been any appropriation of this .land for any purpose whatever, prior to the passage of the act, of the 19th of June, 1834. No appropriation of public land can be made for any' purpose, but by authority of Congress. By the third section of the fourth article of the Constitution of the United States, power is given to Congress to dispose of and make. all needful rules and regulations respecting the'territory, or other property belonging to the United States. As no such authority has been shown to authorize the collector at New Orleans to appropriate this land to any use whatever, it is wholly useless to inquire whether his acts, if they had been authorized by law, would have amounted to an appropriation.
But it has been contended, in argument, that the act of the 3d of March, 1831, authorizing the erection of a lighthouse at the mouth of the south-west pass, was an appropriation of this land for that purpose. By the plat, found in the record, it appears that there are between forty and fifty tracts of landi containing one hundred' and sixty acres each, including the tract in controversv, all fronting on the south-west pass. If the act had directed that the lighthouse should be built on this particular tract,. according to the decision of this Court in the case of Wilcox v. Jackson, 13 Peters, 498, it would have been such an appropriation within the 'meaning of the act of the 29th of May, 1830, as would have deprived the defendants of their right of pre-emption. But the same plat shows that the lighthouse was built on Wagoner's Island, which appears to be at the mouth of the south-west pass, and not included or connected with this or either of the other tracts of land exhibited on the plat. From this examination of the case, it is clear that the land in controversy was neither' reserved from sale nor appropriated to any purpose whatever.
As the United States-have placed their right to recover in this case upon the single ground that the land was not subject to the pre-emption right of the defendants, because it had been previously appropriated for the use of the officers attached to the custom house at New Or]eans, that point being decided against them, they ought not to prevail upon' the secofild .objection urged against the judgment; even if the judgment
VOL. XV.-2 N

422

StJPREME COURT.

[The United States v. Fitzgerald.]

were technically defective; but it being in the usual form of judgments, in the Courts of Louisiana, and not inconsistent with the justice of the case, we 'think it ought not to be disturbed;
It has, however, been suggested that fraud has been practised, ia some way, by the defendants, in obtaining the land in controversy. Every thing on the face of the record appears to have
been perfectly fair; and, as far as we can perceive, the defendants are legally entitled to a patent- for the.land. But if fraud has been practised upon the plaintiffs, the Court of Chancery are open to them to seek a recision of the contract.
The judgment' of the Court below is affirmed.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the Urlited States for the Eastern District of Louisiana; and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this Court, that the judgient of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed.

JANUARY TERM, 1841.
-uIt Bitusn, APPELLJ:NT, V. JOHN H. WARE A.ND OTHERS,
APPELLEES.
The executor of an officer in the Virginia line on the. continental establishment, oh-. tained a certificate from the executive council of Virginia, as ixecutor, for four thousand acres of land in the Virginka reserve, in the state of Ohio; and afterwards sold and assigned the same. Entries were made, and warrants issued in favour of the assign. ees, and a survey was made under one of the warrants, in favour of one of the assignees, a bona fide purchaser, who obtained a patent from the.United States for the land. It appeared that the executor had no right, under the will, to sell the land to which the testator was entited. The patent was grznted in 1818, and the patentee had been in possession of the land from 1808. The heirs of the officer, entitled -to the land for military services, in 1839, some of them being minors, filed a bill to compel the patentee to convey the land held by him to them. Held, That the patentee was a purchaser with notice of the prior title of the heirs; and that he was bound to make the conveyance asked from him.
Whatever doubts on nommon law principles might have existed on the question, whether the Court can go behind the patent for lands, and examine the equity asserted in a bill clai*ing the land against the patent, in Ohio and Kentucky, this question has been long judicially settled; and this Court, following: the decisions of those states, have also decided it. The cases of Bodley et al. v. Taylor, 5 Cranch 196, and Polk's lessee v. Wendail, 9 Cranch, 93. 5 WIfeat. 293. Miller et al. v. Kef, 7 Wheat. l. Hoofnsgle v. Anderson, 7 Wheat. 212, cited.
A patent appropriates the land called for, and is conclusive against rights subsequently acquired. But when an equitable right, whiclf originated before the date of the patent, whether by' the first entry or otherwise, is asserted, it may be examined.
A patent for land under the Virginia land l]w,as modified by usage and judicial construction in Kentucky and Ohio, conveys the legal title, but leaves all equities open.
To make a valid entry, same object of notoriety must be called for; and unless this object be proved to have len generally known in the neighbourhoed of the land, at te time of the entry, the holder of a warrant who enters the same land with full notice of the first entry, will have the better title. And so if an entry be not specific as to the land intended to be appropriated, it conveys no notice to the subsequent locafor; nor can it be made good by a subsequent purchase without notice. 'But, with those exceptions, the doctrine- of constructive notice has been considered applicable to military titles as in other cases; and no reason is perceived why this *rule should not prevail. From the nature of these titles, and the force zf circumstances, an artificial system has beeh created; unlike any other; and which has long foimed the basis of title to real estate in a large and fertile district of country. Thepeceisrties*of this system having for half a century received judicial sanctionA MVAud preserved; but to extend them would be unwise and impolitic.
No principle is better established than that a purchaser must look to every p t of ihe title which is essential to its validity.

94

SUPREME COURT.

[Brsh v. Ware et al.]

An executor has ,aot, ordinarily, any power over the real estate. His powers are derived from the will, and be can do no valid act beyond his authority. Where a will contains no special provision on the subject, the land of the deceased descends to his heirs; and this right cannot be divested, or impaired by the unauthQrized acts of the executor.
The laW requires reasonable diligence in a purchaser to ascertain any defect of title. But when such defect is brought to his knowledge, no inconvenience will excuse him from the utmost scrutiny. He is a voluntary purchaser, and having notice'of a fact which casts doubt on the validity of his title, the rights of innocent persons are not to be prejudiced through his negligence.

THE appellees, John H. Ware.and otherp, heirs of Jbhn Hock-
aday, an officer in the Virginia line on the co'ntinental establishment, filed their bill in the. Circuit Court of Ohio, against the appellant, Henry Brush, and against others, for the recovery of certain rands in the state of Ohio, in the military reservation. John Hockaday was entitled, under the acts and resolutions of Congress, to four thousand acres, in the Virginia military
reserve. Afterwards, on the motion of the complainants, the bill was dismissed as to all the defendants. except Henry Brush; and a decree having been entered in the Circuit Court in favour of the complainants, Henry Brush prosecuted this appedl.
As the heirs of John Hockaday, the complainants, claimed title to the land in question. John Hockaday made his will, disposing of his personal property only; and Ware, one of the executors, proved the will. As executor of Hoekaday, he made a fraudulent sale of the military right of the testator to one Joseph Ladd, and having obtained fron the executive council of Virginia, a certificate of the right of John Hockaday for the land to which he. was entitled, he assigned the same to John Ladd. On this. certificate Ladd obtained, as the assigne6 of Ware, executor of John Hockaday, four warrants, each for one thousand acres. Part of the land, under one of these warrants, through assignments to George Hoffman and others, became the property of Henry Brush; who, under an entry made by George Hoffman, obtained a patent for the land held by him from the United States, on the twenty-third of January, 1818.
The bill of the appellees asserts that Henry Brush was a purchaser with notice of the superior title of the heirs of John Hocka-

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

95

[Brush v. Were et aL]

day, and prays that he may, by a decree of the Court, be directed to convey the land to them,'they having the prior equity.
In the answer of Brush, he says, the land in controversy was granted to him by patents, dated January 23, 1818 ; that be has no recollection or belief that he ever saw the warrant, entry, or survey, or copies of either; that he is an innocent purchaser for a valuable consideration: he denies all notide of cpmplainant's claim, at or before the emanation of the patents, and all knowledge of any fraud: he says he believes that the purchase by Ladd was fair, and for a valuable consideration: that he had no knowledge what the will of Hockaday contained: he says he has been in possession, rinder claim of title, since 1808, and has made lasting and valuable improvements; and insists that complainants ought to be barred by the statute of limitations: and that at any rate he ought to be paid for all improvements. And by his amended answer, he claims compensation for taxes paid, and for an allowance for a locator's share; for expenses in perfecting the title; and claims all the surplus land in the surveys.

The case was argued by Mr. Mason, for the appellant.. No counsel appeared for the appellees.

Mr. Mason :-The appellant is a purchaser for valuable consideration without actual notice, and holds the land in controversy by patent from the United States.
The heirs of John Hockaday, deceased, are proceeding by bill in chancery, to recover the land, on the alleged ground that the assignment of the claim of their ancestor to bounty-land was made by his executor without authority, and, consequently, that their rights are not divested or impaired by that transfer.
Having acquired the legal title without notice of any adversary claim, the appellant is entitled to the aid and protection of the Court; "114nd"upon this principle, that all men who stand on equal ground, shall have equal equity; because the Court cannot -do any thing for one without injuring the other." No title ban be better than the title of such a purchaser. If he has a legal title, the Court cannot interpose. Lord Drogheda v. Malone, Finley's Digest; cited in note to Mitford's Ch. P1. 3d. Am. ed. p. 340.

96

SUPREME COURT.

[Bnrus v. Ware et al]

Is the appellant affected by constructive notice ? Presumptive notice is where the law imputes to a purchaser the knowledge of a fact, of 'which the exercise of common prudence and ordinary diligence must have apprized him. As where a purchaser cannot make out a title but by a deed which leads him to another fact, whether by description of the parties, recital, or otherwise, he will be deemed connusant thereof. Constructive 4otice is, in its nature, no more than evidence of notice, the presumptions of which are so violent,.that tie Court will not allow of its being controverted. 2 Sug. Vend. 292.
Newl. Cont. 511. In Dexter v. Harris, 2 Mason's C. C. Rep. 536, Mi. Justice
Story says: ";There is no such principle of law, as that what is matter of record shall be constructive notice to a purchaser. The doctrine upon this subject, as to purchasers, is this, that they are affected with constructive notice of all that is apparent upon the face of the title deeds, under which they claim, and of such other facts as those already known necessarily put them upon inquiry for, and as such inquiry, pursued with ordinary diligence and prudence, would bring to their knowledge. But of other facts extrinsic of the title, and collateral to it, no constructive notice can be presumed; but it must be proved."
In Flagg v. Man, 2 Sumner's C. C. Rep. 556, the same learned judge, after stating that constructive notice could not be rebutted,. thought that the cases he had referred to, ought to "1admonish Courts of Equity in this country, where the registration of deeds, as matters of title, was universally provided for, not to enlarge the doctrine of constructive notice, or to follow all of the English cases on this subject, except with a cautious attention to their just application to the circumstances of our country, and to the
structure of our laws." Chancellor Kent (4 Com. p. 172, old ed.) declared, cc It was,
indeed, difficult to define, with precision, the rules which regulate implied or constructive notice, for it depended upon the infinitely varied circumstances of each case." I shall contend that the doctrine of constructive notice is not applicable to grants for land issued by public authority; nor does it apply to the purchaser of a military land warrant issued by the state of Virginia; nor to the

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

97

[Brush v.Ware et aL]

purchaser of an entry or survey in the state of Ohio, made in

virtue of such warrant.

1. Because there is a legai presumption, that the acts of the

public agents employed to superintend and conduct the pro-

ceedings from the commencement of an inceptive title- to its

consummation in a grant, have been in conformity with law.

2. Because the purchaser, though put upon inquiry by facts

already known, cannot, by the exercise of ordinary diligence~and

prudence, arrive at the knowledge of other facts necessary to be

known.

3. Because in the case of military warrants, they are issued

by the authority of a sovereign state, in pursuance of law; and

the legal presumption is, that its officers have performed their

duty in executing the trusts confided to them.

4. Because, lastly, such warrants are t'-ansferable by assign-

ment; and ought to pass, like cobamercia -paper, into the hands

of a bona fide purchaser, discharged from all equities, of *hich

"hehad not actual notice.

These propositions he hoped to maintain, both upon reason

and authority.

The doctrine of constructive notice has been.too long estab-

lished, to be now called in question. Therefore, it is not denied

to be law, as applied by Courts 6f Equity to deeds, and other

instruments of writing for the transmission of real estate from

one individual to another. Public grants are supposed to rest

upon a different foundation from .that of private conveyances.

They emanate fronr the sovereign power of the country, ac-

cording to certain rules and forms of proceeding prescribed by.

itself, for the regulation of its own action. And when so issued,

no matter what recitals the patent may contain,.* every man has

a right to draw from the existence of the grant itself," the "1in-

ference that every prerequisite has been performed," and that

these rules have been complied with on the part of the grantor.

The legal presumption is in favour of the validity of every grant.

issued in the forms prescribed by law."

These presumptions are not understood to exist in favour'of

deeds and other transactions between private citizens; on the

contrary, such deeds are not of themselves proof of title, and can

be made so only by the aid of extrinsic evidence.

VOL. XV.-I

13

98

SUPREME COURT.

[Brush v. Ware et a.]

A deed or will is merely a link in the chain of title, of which a patent is the beginning. The former transmits a legal title already in existence-the latter creates the legal title, and brings -itinto existence.
A public grant is not only an appropriation of the land, but is itself a perfect title. Green v. Lighter and others, 8 Cranch,
247-8. Officers are appointed tnd commissioned by the government
for the express purpose of conducting and supervising all the preliminary proceedings from the origin to the consummation of the title; and when these incipient measures are completed, and the grant issued, the law presumes that the government agents have performed their duty, and that the grant is valid. In one word, it is a legal presumption, in favour of a patent, that there are no defects behind it, by which it can be invalidated, or avoided. But, notwithstanding this presumption, it is admitted that defectsmay, in fact, exist. And hence, it is contended on the other side, that if the patent contains recitals which would fairly conduct an honest inquirer to the discovery of these defects, a purchaser is justly chargeable with notice of them, whether he made inquiry or not. And this upon the principle that he is guilty of' crassa negligentia, in not examining the nature and extent of a danger of which he had .thus received notice. Will the law impute gross negligence to a purchaser for omitting to search for defects in the origin of his title, in a case where the law, at the same time, presumes that no defects exist? Is not one presumption inconsistent with the other? Can they both exist together in the same .case? And if they cannot, which ought to yield? Can it be tolerated, as just, in any system of jurisprudence, that the law should first invite the confidence of the purchaser; and then turn against him, and treat that very confidence as criminal?
The executive -of the United States has authority to issue patents to purchasers of the public lands. Indeed, it is one of the duties imposed upon him by the laws of Congress; and to see that the laws are faithfully executed, is as imperative on him in this branch of the public service, as it is in any other. In the discharge of that dhty, the exercise of a wider latitude of discretioi .and judgment, than is permitted in most other cases,

JANUARYV TERM, 1841.

99

[Brush v. Ware et aL]
is necessarily confided to that officer. He must be the judge of the sufficiency and regularity of the various preliminary steps
required to be taken toward the completion of a legal title, and see that these prerequisites have all been complied with. The nature and extent of this discretion, could no. be better illustrated, than by referring to the duties required to be performed by the. executive under our system of pre-emption laws, daily becoming more complicated. From the number of public agents employed, and from the character and variety of their duties, in the disposal of the public lands, the inference is irresisible, that errors must be committed. If, under 9ach a state of things, the purchaser is to be,affected with notice of these irregularities, and that, too, after the emanation of the patent, thdre can be no security in land titles, no confidence in the action of the government.
But ought not the acts of the highest officer in the republic, when performed in the execution qf a function prescribed by law, and requiring the exercise of judgment and discretion, to be regarded by the citizen, as valid and conclusive?
A contrary presumption, or the absence of any presumption in favour of the acts of a public officer, when performed within the sphere of his duty, would make if necessary for the private citizer, if he would avoid the consequences of constructive notice, to visit the land office and examine the records there; and at Washington cityy to satisfy himself that the officers had fulfilled their duty, before he could venture to become a purchaser. Upon this theory, lie must re-judge, and at his own peril, what had already been adjudicated by a competent officer,'charged
with that particular duty. In such a case, he might differ from the officer; and the Court
from both. The executive of the .UnitedStates, in issuing patents for land,
is required to perform, and does perform certain acts of a judicial nature. And when an executive officer acts judicially, as he often must, (for the idea of a perfect separation of the powers of government, is a mere abstraction, and wholly unattainable in practice,) his decisions are as valid, and have the same effect as judgments pronounced by Courts of justice; and are, ordinarily, far more difficult to revise, if erronebus,-than the latter.

100

SUPREME COURT.

(Brush v. Ware et al]

Judicial power, by whomsoever exercised, is judicial power still, and its determinations, whether announced from the bench, or at the council-table, have all the authority of adjudications made in conformity with law, and are entitled to be respected as such. The President prescribes the form of the grant, and decides from the evidence before him, whether a pateni ought to issue; and whether the applicant, or which of the applicants, if more than one, is entitled to have the'grant.
The presumption of law is, that he has decided these questions correctly; and, therefore, the purchaser is not obliged, in order to protect himself, to examine the grounds of the decision.
This is a contest between parties, claiming under the same title. In this case, the patent is valid upon its face; it was notissued without authority; it was not protected: by stathte; the United States had title to the thing granted; and hence the patent cannot be impeached collaterally in a Court of law. In pupport of the foregoing principles the Court are referred to the following cases, viz.: Polk's Lessee v. Wendall, 9 Cranch, 87; S. C. 4 Cond. Rep. 650. Patterson v. Winn, 6 Cond. Rep. 355. Patterson v. Jenks et al. 2 Pet. Rep. 216. Stringer et al. v. Lessee of Young et al. 3 Peters, 320. Boardman etal. v. Lessee of Reed & Ford et al. 6 Peters, 328. United States v. Arredondo et al. 6 Peters, 727-732. Miller v. Kerr, 5 Cond. Rep. 202. Hoofhagle et al. v. Anderson, Z5 Cond. Rep. 271. Bolidin hnd Wife v. Massie's Heirs, 5 Cond. Rep. 252. 'It is a presumption" of lav, that public agents and officers, appointed by government, have properly executed their office, and complied with the law, in discharging the duties imposed on them. Jackson v. Marsh, 6 Cow. 281 ;4 Crapch, 431. Taylor v. Brown, 5 Cranch, 242; 9 Cow. 110; 19 Johns. Rep.- 347; Buller's N. P. 298. Williams vz East India Company, 3 East's Rep. 192. Strother v. Lucas, 12 Peters, 437. Every act required to be done from the commencement to the compleon of a military title, derived from the laws of Virginia, is either performed by, or submitted to the cognisance of, an officer appointed for that particular'purpose. Now, as there is a legal presumption in favour of the acts of these officers, I maintain that there is no place for the application of the doctrine of implied notice to this class of titles. The idea

JANUARY-TERM, 1841:

101

[Brush v. Ware et al.]
of presumptive notice is met and repelled by an antagonist presumption.
Again, the distinction between a patent issued by the sovereign authority, and deeds from one citizen to another, is well illustrated by the fact, that the former, unless it is void upon its face, or has issued without authority, or is prohibited by statute, can only be set aside by a regular course of pleading, in which the fraud, irregularity, or mistake, is directly put in issue. And the state only can take advantage of an improvident or .mistaken grant. 3 Black. Com. 261. 1 Mum. 134. 2 Wash. 55. 4 Monroe, 41. 4 Bibb, 329. 5 Monroe, 213. 12 Johns. Rep. 77. 10 Johns. Rep. 23. 1 Mason, 153." 1 Hen. & Mum. 306. 4 Johns. Rep. 143. 2 Bibb, 628. 487.
The statute of frauas and perjuries has no application to public grants. Neither fraud, nor the want of consideration, can be averred as grounds to igipeach a patent on the application of a creditor.
But Ihe doctrine of constructive notice does not apply to the
purchpser of a military irarrant, an entry) or a survey. Without intending to say that a warrant is not necessary to
the validity of an entry, or that a survey would be good without an entry, I contend that a warrant is to be presumed from the existence of an entry; on the principle, that as it would be a violation of duty on the part of the principal surveyor to make or, record an entry without the authority of a warrant; and as the law will presume that the officer has duly executed his office, it follows, therefore, that an entry is proof, till the contrary.appears, of the existence of a warrant.
For the same reason a survey is presumptive evidence of the existence of an entry duly made. . These are official acts, performed by officers appointed -by public authority, and sworn t6 perform these duties. And the law gives them credit for fidelity till the contrary is shown; and nothing, surely, can be more just and reasonable.
Besides, as the law does not direct the warrint to be recorded. in- the surveyor's office, and as it is not, in practice, recorded there, it may not be accessible to the purchaser; ind, therefore, it would be unreasonable to charge him, by implication, with a
i2

102

SUPREME COURT.

[Brush V.Wars et aL]
knowledge of its contents. Itmay have been lost, or destroyed, after the entry was made.
The state of Virginia, and afterwards the Congress of the United States, early made provision for these casualties, bymaking "a certified duplicate of the warrant" equivalent to the original, for the purpose of obtaining a patent. Ohio L. Laws, 1I5. 133. And for another"reason, the warrant may be beyond the reach of the purchaser. It may, at the time, be in the hands of a deputy surveyor, for the purpose of executing a survey of that part of it which had not %een surveyed before. Ohio L.
Laws, 122. It is submitted, therefore, that the fact that the warrant may
not at all times be within reach of the purchaser, affords a reason why he ought not to be affected with constructive notice of its contents.
But, again, no more than ordinary diligence and prudence are required of a purchaser, in the cases where the doctrine of im. plied notice is admitted to be applicable. --For, if a higher degree of diligence and attention than ordinary becomes necessary, the rule itself ceases. What are the facts of the case ? The lands lie in the state of Ohio, where the office of the'principal surveyor for the district is established. The tribunal that receives the evi-
dence and adjudicates the right of the original claimant-to bounty land, and which gives the certificate; and also the office which issues the warrant, are all established in the state of Virginia, distant not less than six Hundred miles from the land. If the claim was assigned l efore the warrant issued, the evidence of
the power of the assignor to transfer the claim will not be found in the office of the principal surveyor in Ohio. It may or may not be found in the office of the Register at Richmond, for I know of no law requiring it to be filed or recorded there.
Suppose, then, a citizen of Ohio or of some other state, wishes to purchase a tract of land in the Virginia military reserve in Ohio, what are the means within his reach, by which he may, in exercising ordinary diligence, shield himself against the consequences of constructive notice ? The purchaser goes to the office of the principal surveyor for the district, and by the courtesy of that officer obtains permission to examine the records and

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

'-103

(Brush v. Ware et al.]

files of the office. And what does he find there? The warrant may be found there, or it may not, for reasons already stated. But constructive notice, if applicable at all, must be applied without regard to whether the warrant can, by any diligence, be found or not. If it is in the office, the purchaser will see from the face of it that it vas issued to the soldier himself, or to heirs, or to. an executor, or to a purchaser. But, in either case, the law presumes it properly issued; and, therefore, the law will not charge the purchaser with knowledge that it was improperly issued to the warrantee. Neither the entry nor the survey gives any notice by which the purchaser is put upon inquiry for the rights of others; nor do they furnish any clew by which such rights can be ascertained.
The warrant may have been assigned before or after its location; in either case, the paper containing the assignment may or may not be filed in the surveyor's office.
If the requisite information cannot be obtained in the state where the land lies, will the Court say that ordinary diligence requires the purchaser to Visit the land office at Richmond, to examine for defects prior to the date of the warrant? To do this, a citizen of Ohio must travel a distance, in going and returning, of twelve hundred miles. The expenses of such a journey would exceed the value of the land, in many instances; and the effect would be to exclude from the privilege of purchasing these lands, all except a 'few wealthy speculators who might afford to incur the expense. I need make no remarks on the justice or wisdom of such a policy. Nor will I do more than ask the Court to reflect on the consequences that must flow from establishing the doctrine of the Court below; consequences, which could they be limited to future transactions would be less disasterous: but we know they must opetate on the past, and affect titles alread r acquired, thereby producing an aggregate of injury and suffering that no sagacity can foresee or calculate.
The' case of Reeder v. Barr, 4 Ohio Rep. 446, affords the first and only instance, as far as I know, in which the doctrine of implied notice has been applied to the recitals in a-patent issued by the United States for a portion of the public domain. And the decree from which we have appealed seems to affirm the doctrine of that case, and to apply it, for the first time, I

104

SUPREME COURT.

[Brush v. Ware et aL.]

believe, to the military titles derived from the laws of Virginia.
During the periodc of fifty years thht these titles have been the subject of litigation in every form, kfown to the law, it is inpossible to doubt that many cases must have occurred in which the principle of presumptive notice would have been asserted, if it had been supposed by the Courts, or bar, that such a principle
was applicable to a purchaser of these titles. The .absence of any adjudication in favour of the doctrine as now aplied, is an argument of some force against it.

Mr. Justice M'LEAN delivered the opinion of the Court. This is an appeal from the decree of the Circuit Court of Ohio. In their bill the complainants represent, that they are the only heirs and legal representatives of John Hockaday, late of the county of New Kent, in the commonwealth of Virginia. Thai Hockaday in the Revolution was a captain in the Virginia line on continental establishment, which, under the acts and resolutions of Congress entitled him to four thousand acres of land, in the Virginia reservation, within the state of Ohio. That in 1799"Hockaday died, leaving as his only child and heir Hannah C. Ware, who had intermarried with Robert S. Ware, and who was the mother of a part of the cbmplainants, and the grandmother of the others. That Hockaday left a will ii which he disposed of his personal. estate only, and appointed Ware, with two other persons, his executors. Ware prdved the will, the others declining to act; and that he.wholly neglected his duties as executor, and never settled the estate. That their mother died in 1805, and Robert S. Ware, theif. father, also died some years afterwards. That in the year 1808, one Joseph Ladd, who has since deceased, being :nsolvent and without heirs, fraudulently made a contract with the executor for the sale of the above military right; and having obtained the certificate of such right from the executive council of Virginia, the same was assigned to Ladd for the consideration of forty dollars and a pair of boots. That on this certificate and assignment Ladd obtained four warrants of a thousand acres each, as the assignee of Ware the executor of Hockaday. One -of these warrants was assigned to George Hoffman by

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

105

[Brush v. Ware et aL]

Ladd, and through certain other assignments to Brush. By a part of this warrant the two tracts of land in controversy were entered, and for which Brush obtained patents from the- United States, dated the 23d January, 1818. Apd the complainants allege that Brush was a purchaser with notice of their equity; .and they pray that he may be. decreed to convey to them the
title, &c. in his answer the defendant states that he was a bona fide
purchaser, for a valuable consideration, and withouf notice of the complainants' equity. And he insists if the Court shall decree for the complainants, that he is entitled to the part usually given to the locator, for making the entry and obtaining the title for the land. And also,4hat he is entitldd to moneys paid for taxes, &c., on the land.
This cause has been ably argued on the part of Brush, the appellant.
The question which lies at the foundation of this controversy, and which, in its order, should be first considered, is, whether, the Court can go behind the patent, and examine -the equity asserted in the bill.
Whatever doubt might arise on this question oncommon lav;
principles, there can be none when the peculiar system under which this title originated is considered. In Ohio and Kentucky this question has been: long settled judicially; and this Couft, following the decisiors of those states; have also decided it. Bodley and others v. Taylor, 5 Cranch, 196.
In the case of Polk's Lessee v. Wendall et al. 9 Cranch, 98, the Court say, "that every pre-requisite has been performed, is an inferenbe properly deducible, and which every man has a right to draw from the existence of the grant itself It would, therefore, be extremely unreasonable to avoid a grant in any court,, for irregularities in the conduct of those who are appointed by the government to supervise.the progressive course of a title, from its commencement to its consummation in a patent. But there are some things so essential to the validity of the contract, that the great principles of-justice dnd of law would be violated, did there, not exist some tribunal to which aif injured party might appeal, and in which the means by which an elder title was acquired might be exaniined." And, the, Court, after showing.
1-4

106

SUPREME COURT.

[Brush v. Ware et A.]

that a Court of Equity was the proper tribunal to make this examination, remark, "But there are cases in which a grant is absolutely void, as where the state has no title to the. thing granted; or where the officbr had'no authority to issue the grant. In such cases the validity of the grant is.necessarily examinable at lai'."
The same case was again brought before the Court by a writ of error, and is reported in 5 Wheat. 293, in which the Court held, that the system under which land titles originated in Tennessee being peculiar, constituted, with the adjudication of its Courts, a rule of decision for this Court.
In the case of Idiler and others v. Kerr and others, 7 Wheat. 1, it was held, that an equity arising from an entry of land made on a warrant which had been issued by mistake, could not be sustained against a patent issued on a junior entry. The Court say, "The great difficulty in this case consists in the admission of any testirmqny whatever which calls into question the validity of a warrant issued by the offlcer to whom that duty is assigned by law. In examining this question, the distinction between an act-which is judicial and one which is merely ministerial, must be regarded.. The -Register of the land office is not at liberty to examine testimony, and to exerqise his own judg/ment respecting the right of an applicant for a military land warrant."
And in the case of Hoofnagle and others v. Anderson, 7 Wheat. 212, another question was raised on an entry made by virtue of the same warrant.
The mistake in ihe~warrant consisted in this. Thomas Powell having performed military services in the Virginia state line, a certificate by the executive council of Virginia was obtained by his heir, which entitled him to a certain amount, of land. On this certificate, the Register of the land office at Richmond, Virginia, issued a warrant, which, instead of reciting that the services were performed in the state line, stated that they were performed in -the state line on continental establishment. This mistake was important, as the tract of country in Ohio in which t~ie Warrant wa. ldeated, was reserved, in the cession by Virginia, for the. satisfaction only of warrants issued for military services in the state line on continental establishment; and consequently was not subject to the right of Powell. And the Uourt remark,

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

107

[Brumh v. Ware et aL.]

how far the patent ouight to be afected by this error is the question on which the cause depends. They say there was no ground to suspect fraud; that the warrant was assignable, and carried .with it no evidence of the mistake which had been committed in the office; that it had been assigned for a valuable consideration, and the purchaser had obtained a patent for the land without actual notice of any defect in the origin of his title; and they held that the patent gave a good title as against any one whose entry was subsequent to its date.
A patent appropriates the land called for, and is conclusive against rights subsequently acquired. But where an equitable right, which originated before the date of the patent, whether by the first entry or otherwise, is isserted, it may be examined. The patent, under the Virginia land law, as modified by usage and judicial construction in Kentucky and Ohio, conveys the legal title, but leaves all equities open. Bouldin and Wife v. Massie's heirs and. others, 7 Wheat. 149.
The controversy in this case, does not arise from adverse entries, but between claimants under the same warrant. Andit is admitted that Wae, as executor, had no power to assign the military right, which, on the decease of Hockaday descended to his heirs. It is too clear to admit of doubt, that Ladd, by circumvention and fraud, obtained the assignment from the executor, which enabled him to procure the war-ant from the register.
As between Ladd and'the complainants, can there be any doubt that this case would be examinable in equity? Could the issuing of the warrant, by the Register, interpose any objection to such an investigation?
It is insisted, that the Register, of necessity, before he. issues the warrant, must determine the right of the applicant, and that in doing so, he acts judicially. That presumptions iot only. arise in favour of such acts, but unless fraud'be shown, they are not open to examination.
The executive council of Virginia, in determining the right of Hockaday's heirs, may be said to have acted judicially. But the Register, in the language of the Court, in one of the cases above cited, acted ministerially. The Court say he was not anthoried to examine witnesses in the case, but was bound to act upon the face of the certificate. The parties interested were not

1I08

SUPREME COURT.

[Brush v. Ware et aL]

before him, and he had no means of ascertaining their names, .giving them notice, or taking evidence. And under such cir-
cumstances, would it not be a most extraordinary rule,.which should give a judicial character ahd effect to his proceeding. He acts, and must necessarily act from the face of the paper, both as it regards the certificate of the executive council, and the assignment of such certificate. His acts, in their nature, are strictly ministerial. They have neither the form nor effect of a
judicial proceeding. It may be admitted that presumptions arise in favour of the
acts of a ministerial officer, if apparently fair and legal, until they shall be impeached by evidence. But in this case, there is
no impeachment of the acts of the Register. The evidence on which he acted, is stated on the face of the warrant, which nables the proper tribunal,.as between the parties interested, to determine the question 6f right, which the Register had neither the means nor the power to do.
The complainants do not deny the genuineness of the certificate, the assignment, or the warrant, but they say that the executor had no right to make the assignment and that'the issuing of the warrant by the Register does not preclude them from raising
that question. Until the patents were obtained, this warrant, though assigned
and entered in part, on the land in controversy, conveyed only an equitable interest. Hoffman, to whom Ladd assigned it, and the other assignees, took it, subject to all equities. In their hands, unless affected by the statute of limitation or lapse of time, any equity arising from the face of the instrument could be asserted against them, the same as against Ladd.
Brush, being the last assignee, obtained the patents in his own name as assignee, and these vested in him the legal estate. But thison the principles which have been long established, in relation to these titlesx does- not bar a prior equity. The complainants are Proved tQ be the heirs of Hockaday; gnd a part of them were .minors ati;ei commencement of this suit. All of them, in age, were of tender y.ears, when the warrant was assigned,:ahd it appears that none of them came to a knowledge of theirfrights, until a short time before the bill was filed.. And this is -n-answer-Volh to tbhstatute of limitations'and the ]ap~e

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

109

[Brush v.Ware et al.]

of time. The statute of Ohio does not run against non-residents of the state; nor can lapse of time operate against infants, under
the circumstances of this case. The great question in this controversy is, whether Brush is
-chargeable with notice.
The certificate of the executive council of Virginia stated, that "the representatives of John Hockaday were entitled to the proportion of land allowed a captain of the continental line for three years' service." To this was appended a request to the Register of the land office to issue a warrant, in the name of Joseph Ladd, his heirs or assigns, signed by Ware, executor of Hockaday, he having received, as stated, fill value for the same.
Four military kwarrants, of one thousand acres each, were issued by the Register, "the 9th of August, 1808, to Joseph Lad l, assignee of Robert S. Ware, executof of John Hockaday, deceased."
By virtue of one of these warrants, four hundred acres of the land in dispute were entered the 8th of June, 1809, in the name of George Hoffman, assignee, and two hundred acres, in the same name, the 18th of August, 1810. These entries were surveyed in May, 1810, and on the 20th of danualry, 1818, patents were issued to "Brush, assignee of John Hoffman; who' was assignee of Joseph Hoffman et al., assignees of George Hoff-man, who was assignee of Joseph Ladd, assignee of Robert S. Ware, executorof Hockaday," &c.
It is insisted that -the general doctrine of notice does not apply to titles ofrthis description. And this position is true, so far at regards the original gntry.. To make a-.valid ehtfy, some object of notoriety must be'called for; and unless this object be proved to have been generally known in the neighbourhobd of the land, a'tthe time of the entry) the bolder of a warrant who enters the same land, with full notice of the- first entry, will have the better title. And;so" if an entry be not specific as to the land intended to be appropriated, or in any respect be defective, it conveys no notice to a stbsequent locator, nor can it be made good by a subsequent purchaser without notice. Kerr v. Watts, 6 Wheat. 560. But, with these exceptions, the doctrine of Inotice has been considered applicable to these military titles, as in other ca~es. And no reason is perceived why this rhle should not prevail:
VOL. XV.-K

SUPREME COURT.
[Brush v. Ware et al.)
From the nature of these titles, and the force of circumstances, an artificial system has been created, unlike any other; and which has long formed the basis of title to real estate, in a large and fertile district of country.' The peculiarities of this system, having for half a century received judicial sanctions, must be preserved; but to extend them, would be unwise and impolitic.
Brush, it is insisted, was a bona fide purchaser for a valuable consideration, without notice.
The answer under which this defence is set .up, is neither in substance nor in form free from objection. It does not state the amount of consideration paid, the time of payment, nor does it deny the circumstances from which notice can be inferred. Boon v. Chiles, 10 Peters, 211, 212. But, passing over the considerations which arise out of the answer, we will inquir whether the defendant is not chargeable with notice, from the facts which appear upon the face of his title. . The entry on the books of the surveyor,.kept at the time in the state of Kentucky, was the incipient step in the acquisition of the title. This entry could only be made by producing to the surveyor, and filing in his office, the original warrant, or a certified copy of it. The survey was then made, and a plat of the land, by a deputy, who returned the same to the principal surveyor's office. This survey is called the plat and certificate, and is assignable by law; but, without an entry founded upon a warrant, it is of no validity. On the transmission of this survey, under the hand and seal of the principal surveyor, accompanied by the original warrant, or a copy, to the general land office, a patent is issued to the person apparently entitled to it. In issuing the patent, the commissioner of the land office performs a ministerial duty. He examines no witnesses, but acts from' the face of thc papers, and exercises no judgment on the subject, except so far as regards matters of form. The patent, therefore, conveys the regal iitle only, leaving prior equities open to investigation.
This is the history of this title, and of every other in the same district of country. And the question arises whether the re-. spondent, under the circumstances, was a bona fide purchaser for a valuable consideration, without notice.
In his answer, he says that he never saw the warrant, the

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

I11

[Brush v. Ware et al.]

entries, nor the surveys on which the patents were founded; ahd

that he had no information as to the derivation of the title, except

that which the patents contain.

-

The question is not whether the defendant in fact saw any of

the muniments of title, but whether he was not -bound to see

them. It will not do for a purchaser to close his eyes to facts;

facts which were open to his investigation, by the'exercfse of that

diligence whiclf the law imposes. Such purchasers are not pro-

tected.

It is insisted that the plats and certificates being assignable,

the defendant might well purchase them without a knowledge

of the facts contained on the face of the warrant. But was he

not bound to look to the warrant as the foundation of his title ?

The surveys were of no value without the warrant. No princi-

ple is better established, than that a purchaser must look to every

part of the title which is essential to its validity.

The warrant was in the land office of the principal surveyor;

and although this, at the time, was kept in Kentucky, the defend-

ant was bound to examine it. In this office his entries were

made, and to it his surveys were returned. And from this. office

was the evidence transmitted, on which the patents were issued.

Can it be contended that the defendant, who purchased an in-

choate title, a mere equity, was not bound to look into the origin

of that equity? As a prudent man, would he not examine

whether that which he bought was of any value? The records

of the land office, and the papers there on file, showed the origin

of the title, and the steps which had been taken to perfect it.

By the exercise of ordinary prudence he would have been led to

make this examination; and, in law, he must be considered as

having made it.

And here the question arises, whether the statements of the

warrant, which were afterwards copied into the patents, that the

right originally belonged to Hockaday, descended to Ids heirs, on

his decease, and had been assigned to Ladd, by his executor;

were not stifficient to put the defendant on inquiry? Now' an

executor has not, ordinarily, any power over the real estate. His

powers are derived from the will, and he can do no valid act-

beyond his authority. Where a will contains no special pro-

vision on the subject, the land of the deceased descends to his

112

SUPREME COURT.

[Brush v. Ware et aL]
.heirs; and their rights cannot be divested or impaired by the unauthorized acts of the executor.
The warrant then showed the purchaser that this. right, which pertained to the realty, and which, on the death of Hockaday, desceided to his heirs, had been assigned by the executor. Was not this notice? Was it not a fact, essentially connected with the title purchased by the defendant, which should have put him upon inquiry? If it would do this, it was notice; for whatever shall put a prudent man on inquiry is sufficient.. And fhis rule is founded on sound reason, as well as law. How can an individual claim as an innocent purchaser, under such a circumstance ?
But it is argued that it would impose on the defendant an unreasonable duty, to hold that he was bound not only to examine the warrant in the land office in Kentucky, but to hunt up the will of Hockaday, and see what powers it conferred on the executor.
The law requires reasonable diligence in a purchaser to ascertain any defect of title. But when such defect is brought to his knowledge, no inconvenience will excuse him from the utmost scrutiny. He is a voluntary purchaser, ahd having notice of a fact which casts doubt upon the validity of his title, are the rights of innocent persons to be prejudiced through his negligence ?
The will of Hockaday was proved the I lth day of July, 1799, before the County Court of New Kefit, in Virginia, and recorded in the proper records of that county. When the defendant purchased the title he knew that it origihated in Virginia, had been sanctioned by the executive council of that state, and that the warrant had -been issued by the Register at Richmond. These are matters of public law, and are consequently known to all. But, independently of this, every purchaser of a military title cannot but have a general knowledge of its history.
Why was hot the defendant bound to search for the will? The answifr given is, the distance was too great, and the place where the will could be found was not stated on the warrant, or on any of the other papers. That mere distance shall excuse inquiry in such a case, would be a new principle in the law of notice.
The certificate of the original right, and the warrant, were ob-

JANUARY 'TERM, 1841.

113

[Brush v.Ware et aL]

tained in Richmond, Virginia. And in the office records and

papers of the executive council, or in those of the register in Richmond, a copy of the will, probably, could have been found.

And if such a search had been fruitless, it is certain that it could

have been found on the public records of wills of Nw Kent

county. A search short of this, would not lay the foundation

for parol evidence of the contents of a written instrument. And,

shall a purchaser make a bad title good, by neglecting or refus-

ing to use the same amount of vigilance?

In the case of Reeder et a. v. Barr et al., 4 Ohio Rep. 458, the Supreme Court of Ohio held, that where a patent was issued

to Neviell, as assignee of the administrator of Henson Reeder, deceased, it was sufficient to charge a subsequent purchaser with

notice of the equitable rights of the heirs of Reeder.

It is difficult to draw a distinction, in principle, between that case and the one under consideration. An administrator in

Ohio has no power, unless authorized by the Court of Conimon

Pleas, to sell or convey an interest in land; nor has an executor, in Virginia any power over the realty, unless it be given to him

in the will. In this case, therefore, the purchaser was as much bound to look into the will for the authority of the executor, as

the Ohio purchaser was bound to look into the proceedings of'

the Court for the authority of the administrator.

The case of the lessee of Willis v. Bucher, 2 Binn. 455, is. also

in point. The defendant derived his title from William Willis, to -whom a patent had issued, reciting that the, title was derived

under the will of Hehry Willis. This will did not authorize the sale of the premises, and the Court held that this was notice to

the defendant.

So in the case of Jackson ei dem. Livingston v. Neely, 10

John. Rep. 374, it was held, that where a deed recited a letter of

attorney, by virtue of which the conveyance was made,which was

duly deposited with the clerk of Albany, according to the act of

the 8th January, 1794, it was held to be sufficient notice of the power by means of the recital, to a subsequent purchaser, who-

was equally affected by it, as if the power itself had been de-

posited.

An agent receiving notes from an executor, payable to him as

executor, as security for advances by the principal to the executor.

x 2

15

114

SUPREME COURT.

LBrush v. Ware et al]

on his private account, and not as executor, affects his prin-
cipal with notice that it is a dealing with an executor with the assets for a purpose foreign to the trusts he was to discharge. 2 Ball and Beat. 491.
When a purchaser cannot make out his title but through a deed which leads to a fact, he will be affedted with notice of that fact. Mertins v. Jolliffe, Amb. 311.
A. made a conveyance to B., with a power of revocation by will, and limited other uses. If A. dispose to a purchaser by will, a subsequent purchaser is intended to have notice of the will as well as of the power to revoke; and this is a notice in law. And so in all cases where a purchaser cannot make out a title, but by deed which leads to another fact, notice of which a purchaser shall be presumed cognisant; for it is trassa negligentia, that he sought not after it. Moore v. Bennet, 2 Ch. Ca. 246.
Notice of letters patent, in which there was a trust for creditors, is sufficient notice of the trust. Dunch v. Kent, 1 Vern. 319.
That which shall be sufficient to put the party upon inquiry, is notice. 13 Yes. 120.
On a full consideration of this part of the case, we think that the defendant must be held to be a purchaser with notice.
The Circuit Court considered le defendant as vested with a right to such part of the land as is usually given to a locator, and directed one-fourth of the two tracts to be laid off to him so as to include his improvements; and they also decreed to the defendant three-fourths of the taxes paid by him, with interest. This part of the decree is equitable; and as we coincide with the views of the Circuit Court on all the points of the case, the decree is affirmed.

JANUARY TERM, 1841.
Amis v. PEARLE.
Motion by the counsel of the defendant, to docket and dismiss a case in which a writ of error had been sued out of the Circuit Court, the plaintiff in error. having failed to file the writ of error in the Supreme Court, and to pro.ecute the same. The counsel for the defendant in error produced the original writ of error, signed by theclerk of the Circuit Court, and a citation signed by the judges of tho Circuit Court. Held, that the substance of the forty-third rule of the Court was complied with; and the case was docketed and dismissed. The production of the writ of error, with the citation, is the highest evidence that the -iritof error has been duly sued out and allowed. The certificate of the clerk of the Circuit Court required by the rule, is but prima facie evidence.
ON a motion on behalf of the defendant in error, to docket and dismiss the suit, under the forty-third rule of the Courf.
Mr. Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the Court. In this case a motion has been made on behalf of the defendant in error, to docket and dismiss this*suit, under the fortythird rule of the Court. That rule allows the suit to be docketed and dismissed, upon the production of a certificate from the clerk of the Court below, certifying that the writ of error had been duly sued out and allowed. In the present case no such certificate is produced. But the original writ of .error, (signed by the clerk of the Court below,) and also a citation signed by the judge of the Court, is produced by the defendant in error, and is now before us. Under these circumstances, we are of opinion that the substance of the rnile is complied with. The certificate of the clerk is but prima facie evidence of the issaing and allowance of the writ of error: whereas, the production of the writ of error,, with the citation, is the highest evidence of the fact, that the writ of error has been duly sued out andallowed. Under these circtimstances, the Court.are of opinion that the' motion ought to be granted. In point of fact, this same question came before this Court, in the caseof Ward and others v. The Commonwealth Bank of Kentucky, at Janu-

212

SUPREME COURT.

[Ami v. Pearle.]
ary term, 1838, under circumstances less cogent; and the same decision was then made. In that case, certified copies of the writ and citation, were filed, and not the originals; and the Court ordered the case to be docketed and dismissed.

JANUARY TERM, 1841.
SUSAN MAYBURRY, APPELLANT, V. JOHN M:PimRsON BRIEN, AND OTHflRS, ATPELLEES.
Dower.-Dower is a legal right; and whether it be claimed by suit at law or in equity, the principle is the same. On a joint tenancy, at common law, dower does not attach.
No title to dower attaches on ajoint seis of real estate. The mere possibility of the estate being defeated by survivorship, prevents dower.
If the husband, being ajoint tenant, convey his interest to another, and thus at once destroy the right of survivorship, and deprive himself of the property, his wife will not be entitled to dower.
-The time of the delivery ofa deed may be proved by parol. By the common law, dower does not attach to an equity of redemption. The fee is
vested in the mortgagee, and the wife is not dowable of an equitable seisin. When the husband takes a conveyance in fee, and at the same time mortgages the land
back to the grantor, or to a third person, to secure the purchase, money in whole or in part, dower cannot be claimed as against rights under the mortgage. The husband is 4ot deemed sufficiently or bdneficially seised by an instantaneous passage of the fee in and out of him, to entitle his wife to-dower as against the mortgage. It is the well established doctrine, that of a seisin, for an instant, a woman shall not be endowed.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the district of Maryland.
The case was presented to the Court on a printed statement, and a printed argument by Mr. Mayer, for the appellant; and was argued by Mr. Meredith and Mr. Nelson, for the appellees.
.A bill was filed in this cause by the appellant, as widow of Willoughby Mayburry, claiming dower from John Brien, putchaser of the estate, in real estate, in Frederick county, designated as "The Catoctin Furnace, and all the lands," (describedL by the names of tracts,), " annexed or appropriated to it," and also claiming rents atd profits from the death of Willoughby Mayburry. The real estate in question was conveyed by Catharine Johnson, Baker Johnson, and William Ross, as executors of Baker Johnson, to Willoughby Mayburry and Thomas Mayburry, by deed, dated 5th March, 1812. By deed,

2"

SUPREME COURT.

[Mayburry v. Brien et al.]
dated 9th March, 1813, Thomas Mayburry conveyed to Willoughby his undivided moiety in the estate; and by deed of the same date, Willoughby mortgaged' to Thomas, all his (Willoughby's) interest in the Catoctin Furnace, and the landq attached to it, to secure payment of certain obligations from Willoughby to Thomas. The answer admits the marriage of the appellant, and the death of Willoughby; and that she was married to him when the deed to W"illoughby and Thomas was executed; but it insists that, simultaneously with the delivery of the deed, a mortgage was executed by Willoughby and Thomas to the grant6rs in the deed, to secure a part of the purchase money, payable by them for the estate. The answer further states, that the mortgage was foreclosed; and that, under the decree, the respondent, John Brien, became purchaser of the estate; and the answer insists that the plaintiff was noc entitled to dower in the property. The mortgage, which the answer speaks of, is dated the 19th March, 1812, fourteen days after the date of the deed to Willoughby -and Thomas. The only testimony taken in the case was William Ross's;. which was taken subject to all exceptions to its admissibility and effect. His testimon r is, in substance, that the estate'was sold by him and his co-executors, to the Mayburrys, for thirty-two thousand dollars; that part was paid in hand, and that, for the residue, a credit was stipulated, to be secured by mortgage; that the deed to the Mayburrys was prepared and executed, and acknowledged on the 5th March, 1812, by himself and the other executors; and that he then retained it, to be delivered on receiving payment of the cash part of the purchtse money, and receiving from the Mayburrys their mortgage; that the mortgage was executed by them on 19th March, 1812, and that when executed, the deed was delivered to them, and the mortgage was received from them; and that, as witness says, "the delivery of the deed and the mortgage were simultaneous acts." The desposition also states, that the deed of Thomas to Willoughby, and the mortgage from Willoughby to Thomas, were simultaneous acts. The transcript of record of the foreclose of the mortgage w'as exhibited in evidence, subject to all exceptions.
During the cause, the original defendant, John Brien, died, and his heirs.were made parties by bill of revivor. A decree (pro

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

23

[Mayburry-v. Brien et L]

forma) was passed, dismissing the bill. The mortgage of the Mayburrys to the executors of Baker Johnson$has a covenant on the part of the Mayburrys, that after default in payment of the mortgage debt, the property shall remain to the mortgagees, free and clear of all mortgages, judgments, charges, or encumbrances whatsoever; and also a covenant of the mortgagees, that until Lefault in payment of the mortgage debt, the Mayburrys "are to continue in full possession, of the premises aforesaid, enjoying all the rents and profits thereof, to their own particular use and benefit."
The counsel for the appellant contended, 1st. That the deed of the executors of Johnson to the Mayburrys., when the subject-matter of the conveyance is regarded, must be construed to create a tenancy in common, and not a joint tenancy. ed. That the rule which denies dower in case of joint tenancy, applies only in behalf of the surviving joint tenant, an(d to prevent interference with his enjoyment of the estate as survivor-: and'that therefore if the lbed created in ihe Mayburrys a joint tenancy, the plaintiff here may cat in aid the release to her husband of the other joint tenant's interest in the property. 3d. That no evidence was admissible to show that the deed to the Mayburrys was not delivered when .it bears date, for the purpose of contradicting the terms of the deed which vests in the Mayburrys the beneficial interest in the property. 4th. That the principle which excludes dower in a case of merely instantaneous seisin, applies only whkere the grantor acts in carrying out a naked trust and a simply instrumental part, and not where any interest, immediate or contingent, attaches to the grantee uinder the conveyance. That it cannot apply to a ease of a purchaser who mortgages, and especially when part of th6 purchase money,.as in this instance, is paid when the mortgage is given; the proper view in such case being, that legal assurances being adopted, their strictly legal and intrinsic import is to prevail, without blending them together by any equitable construction. - 5th. That there is no evidence of any contract whatsoever,
making the delivery of the deed of the executors dependent on a mortgage being delivered at the same time; and that, according to the true understanding of all that transpired, the de-d -of the

24

SUPREME COURT.

[Mayburry v. Brien et &L]

executors remained in Mr. Ross's hands as a deed, ant not as an escrow, and was left by his co-executors with him as if a stranger, and had relation, when actually delivered, to the date -when it was handed to Mr. Ross to be retained.
6th. That in the absence, especially, of all contract for a simultaneous delivery, the conveyance to the Mayburrys must be regarded as vesting-in them the beneficial use 6f the estate, although for an instant, and if so, there was a seisin which gave rise to dower; and that this must be the result, even independently of the covenant with the' Mayburrys for their use and enjoyment of the estate until default, as contained in the mortgage; and that the covenant characterizes the seisin, not only as beneficial, but as virtually continuing.

Mr. Mayer, in a printed argument, stated: The terms of the deed to the Mayburrys, from the executors of JohNson, import joint tenancy in the Mayburrys; but if the peclliarhy of the property conveyed is considered, it is believed that there will be no difficulty in concluding that only a tenancy in-common was created. The property conveyed was a furnace establishment, and the land is given as virtually incident to that manufactory, and subservient to the business. It is settled that real estate conveyed to several parties for partnership purposes, or which is useful only for some business, is held by the parties as tenants in common, and not as joint tenants. The nature of the subject conveyed is enpugh to show why it was acquired, and it is'unnecessary to prove any actual use for a joint enterprise; in the absence of such direct proof, the law inferring the intended appropriation from the character and capacity of the property. In none of the cases has proof of an agreement to purchase for partnership purposes been requiied. In the cases, in fact, now cited here, no such agreement did appear. Lake vs. Craddock, 3 P. Wins. 158. 15 John. -R. 159. 9 Yes. Jr. 500. A manufactory was here conveyed to two. In the absence of contrary proof, it is to be understood to have been acquired to be usedand if used by the two parties for its natural purposes, the use of it would make them partners in its business. It is the principle of the common law which in favour of trade excludes survivorship, where property owned by two is.used or useful only for

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

25

[Maybunrry eBrien et a.]

trade or business; andto no instance could it apply.more forcibly

than to the instance of a furnace. Thus, too, where two per-

sons hold a ship together, although not general partners, nor even

shown to have used it, ihe control of a surviving partner to sell

is not permitted to the survivor of the owners-the prop~rty

being deemed a tenancy in common. Even that ordinarycontrol

of a surviving partner is only given as a matter 6f necessity in

the instance of the merchandise of the partnership and the part-

nership claims :-and in such case he is allowed to act in refet-

ence to the interest of the deceased as a'trustee. If the estate

here was a tenancy in comm6', dower of course attached; uhless

the seisin was not of a character to allow it. In this country

every construction should oppose joint tenancy, and particularly

in Maryland, which has abolished it by act of 1822, ch. 262.

In this case the interest of the other party was released to the

husband of the appellant. It might be contended that dower is

denied in joint tenancy only in behalf of the su'rviving tenant;

and that, subject only to his supervening right, there is an im-

cipient dower interest in the wife in cases of joint tenancy as in

tenancies in common. If that were so, the release here would

establish the dower claim. There is no. case that has been

found, which fixes, in terms, the law that the exclusion of

dower in joint tenancies is general as to all, -andnot of limited

reference only to the paramount right of the survivor. Park,'

in his Treatise of Dower, page 40, adverts tO the subject; in the

same view now taken. The absolute positio that where joint

tenants convey, no dower accrues, is traceable to Fitzh. N. B. 150,

which refers to 34 Ed. 1,-.but the treatises do not give the par-

ticulars of the latter case. 'They will, no doubt, appear to have

presented only the question of the survivor's right.; and not to

decide that the estate of joint tenancy is incompatible with an

incipient dower interest while he joint tenancylasts.

'Where elementary writers. have attempted to give reasons for

the rule, as an unqualified position, that an estate conveyed By

joint tenants excludes dower, they do not comprehend any in-

terest in their rationale, except that of the suiviving joint tenant.

Gilb. Uses, 404. ,Perk.sec. 500. But whatever might be the un-

derstanding of the rule in question, properly considered, was

there, in this instance, by the mortgage, so consummate a trans

VOL.XV.-C

4

26

SUPREME COURT.

[Mayburry v. Brien et aL]
fer of the estate as to leave no interest upon which the subsequent release of Thomas to Willoughby Mayburry might operate to the effect of assuring the appellant dower in the land, paramount to the estate or claim of the mortgages? In determining this point, it should be borne in mind, that dower is ex provisione legis, and not an interest under the husband. 8 Co. 71. 6 Co. 41. What divestiture of estate did the mortgage effect? It is now settled, even at common law, that the mortgagor is deemed the continuing owner of the estate and in seisin of it; and that as to all the world except in respect of the remedy
of the mortgagee who has the estate, (especially in Maryland, -where foreclosure is not allowed, but only a sale,) only to be enabled tQ transfer it. Norton vs. Willard, 4 Johns. R. 41, and the English authorities there cited. Hitchcock vs. Harrii gton, 6 Johns. R. 290. Collins vs. Terry, 7 Johns. R. 278. Titus vs. Nelson, 5 Johns. C. R. 452. In other words, the mortgagee's estate is virtually only a power boupled with ai conditional interest; the accrual of the interest being dependent oh the default 'in payment of the mortgage debt. Thdt is especially the true version in such a case as this, where the mortgagors have expressly reserved an estate in the land until default of payment. They are, until the default "to continie in full possessiGn ;"--in other words, to retain the possession they had, which was of a fee
simple seisin. The mortgage deed in this case is, in effect,$-looking to the
covenant, or limitation in form of covenant, for a continuing seisin,-only a covenant to stand seised to uses on part of the mortgagors: the first use limited being to the mortgagors and their heirs, until default of payment: and according to out Maryland decisionsso thorofghly would the mortgagors be deemed to be in of their original estate, that, even at law, the mere fact of payment, without any conveyance or release, would suffice to
make their estate absolute -against the mortgagors. 3 Har. & M'Henry,399. Thus interpreting the mortgage in this case, what is there to prevent Thomas's release to Willoughby, of his undivided .interest, operating so as to attract dower to Willoughby's enlarg~d estate, even admitting the rule, in its most absolute extent which excludes dower from estates in joint tenancy, It is only necessary to keep in view, that dower is the gift of the law,

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

27

[Mayburry v. Brien et aL]

to see that such may be the consequence of the release. Suppose, in a covenant to stand seised to uses, first limiting a defeasible estate to the grantor in fee, that there was but a sole grantor, would dower attach to the first estate so limited, although defeasible in the event of money not being paid, or any -other act not being performed? .Except where the determinable estate js strictly on condition, the decisions would 'sustai& the claim of dower, as an estate tacitly granted by law, an( an extension of the inheritable character of the determined 6state-to use the explanation given in 8 Co. 71, of the grant of dower in such instances. Dower in such cases accrues, whether the first estate to which it is thus given determines by limitation generally, or by a conditional li~nitation. If such be the law, where there is a sole grantor, wlhat more is necessary in case of a limitation, as
here, by two, than that one should release to the other, and so lay a foundation of dower; it being only the interest of survivorship which shuts out dower? 1 Leon. 167. ,1 And. 184. 8 Co. 67. 3Bos.and Pull 652. Co. Litt. 216. Sugd.Pow. 331. 4 Taunt. 334. 1 Roper, Hus. and Wife, 37-40.
Our proposition is, that, regarding the continuing right of a mortgagor, as -now recognised at law, as well as iretquity, and especially the reserved precedent estate of the mortgagors in this case, the release of his co-tenant to Willoughby availed for the benefit of the wife to give her dower; and such, we may main. tain, must be the result, even if to estates ending by conditional limitation dower does not attach. There was no. entire divestiture of the joint estate, and as the law gives the dower and supposes land, even in joint tenancy, to be susceptible of dower interest by a simple action between the joint tenants, the remaining, though qualified, fee in the mortgagors, here, was a basis upon which the law would make the co-tenant's release effectual for a dower interest to the wife of the releasee. This case is not, then, like that where an absolute conveyance is made by joint tenants of their entire estate; and this construction should be favoured in Maryland, where our statute law allows dower in an equity of redemption. Act of 1818, ch. 193, sec. 10. If,
therefore, a joint tenancy was created, and not, as we insist, only a tenancy in common, still dower attached by force of the joint tenant's release to Willoughby.

28

SUPREME COURT.

[Mayburry v. Brien et al.]
Proceeding to the objection that here was only an instanta-
neous seisin which did not give rise to dower, we deny that, the
deed being not only dated but acknowledged at. a considerable interval, it is competent fdr the appellees to adauce testimony contradicting that purport of the instruments, and that the in-
quiry is open on which the objection is to be entertained. The acknowledgment precludes the plea of non est factum, and shows, by estoppel, that, when acknowledged, tie deed of the executors to the Mayburrys was the deed of the former, it being acknowledged as the deed. 1Cranch, 239-remark of Chase, J.,
p. 248. The'acknowledgment seals all question as to the period of the instrument becoming the complete-deed of the grantors. It was in intendment of law certainly so, at the date of the acknowledgment. That date being thus established, the differ-
ence of dates betwepn the deed of the executors and the mortgage banishes all qtestion as to simultaneous completion of the instruments as deeds of the parties; for no case attempts to exclude dower where the deeds are not delivered literally at the same time. No testimony will be allowed to contradict the tenor
of the acknowledgment. 3 Har. and M'H. 321. Apart from the consideration of the acknowledgment, it is insisted that the effect of the testimony as to simultaneous delivery being contradictory to the varying dates, and tending to contravene the terms
of the deed, (inasmuch as the deed of the executors would, by that testimony, operate only as a conditional conveyance, instead of being absolute, as its words declare,) the testimony is inadmissible. Dixon vs. Swigart, I Har. and Johns. 252. Schemer-
horn vs. Vander Heyden, 1 Johns. -R. 139. Howes vs. Barker,
3 Johns. R. 506. But assuming even that the face of the two instruments would
argue a simultaneous delivery; it is insisted that a beneficial interest, although enjoyed for an instant, vested in the vendees, and dower was accorded by law immnediately. The cases that favour the pretension'of the appellees, all admit that a beneficial seisin, for an instant, even, creates dower: but the case of a deed and a mortgage back, has been strangely, in the view of some judges,. confounded with the case where an instantaneous seisin is had by a party whose only connexion, immediate or ultimate, with 'the estate, is to transfer it to* another; and

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

29

[Mayburry v. Brien et al.]

where the deed to him in fact is a mere ceremony; and his agency is that of a mere instrument for another ulterior object. Thus the seisin of a trustee, who discharges his function by an immediate conveyance to another, is no foundation f6r dower. But'had the mortgagors here no beneficial inierest? The very mortgage implied an interest in them; especially, according to the import now assigned -to a mortgage. It is difficult to conceive how the vendee, in such a case, can have all his interest construed away, upon the fancied analogy of a defeasance being indicated by the mortgage. I Thomas's Co. Litt. 576, 577, note. 2 Bac. Abr. 371, tit. Dower. 2 BL Com. 132. The opinion of Mr. Justice Thompson, in Stow vs. Tift, 15 Johns. R. 458, fully exhibits the true linits and principle of the rule of instantaneous seisin excluding dower. Our only Maryland decision is M'Cauley et al. vs. Grimes and Wife, 2 Gill and Johns. 318. That decision very carefully excludes the idea that instantaneousness .of seisin is, per se, inconsistent with dower, and establishes that the slightest and most fleeting beneficial interest will fix the dower; denying it, however, in that case, because the grantee there was performing the part of a mere trustee, and was the mere medium of an interest for others. He was not a mortgagor whose mortgage implied an abiding interest, and at least a resulting use. The case of Nash vs. Preston, referred to in Mr. Justice Thompson's decision, in 15 Johps. R. (Cro. Car. 190) clearly marks the principle by which every case of instantaneous seisin, in its bearing on dower claims, is to be tested. There ]and was conveyed under an agreement that it was to be redemised to the grantor; which was done. The Court determinWd that dower attached, because an estate vested in the husband; Without which the redemise would have been unmeaning" and inoperative. And so here-how can the mortgage avail unless the estate has vested which it proposes to convey? And to show the beneficial interest assured to the vendees, here, even by the mortgage, let one recur to the covenant for the mortgagees "1to continue in full possession" until default of payment.
The parties here adopted legal conveyances. The first im-
ports an interest vested in the vendee. The second, assuming such an interest to continue in the vendee, transfers it in mort-
c2

so

SUPREME COURT,

[Mayburry v. Brim et aL]

gage. Being legal assurances, why is not the law to attach all its incidents, and affect the parties by all the implications which spring from the contents of the instruments, which, in their legal purport, profess to operate distinctly and as successive assurances? If, according to that distinctive import and operation, dower incidentally accrues, will that consequence be understood to be within the view and agreement of the parties? Will not the law infer that result to be their wish, from their having chosen such forms of assurances? The maxim of law is, that .what arises by implication is as forcible and binding as what is expressed. Why,
then, we ask, is not the intrinsic import of the instruments, respectively, to prevail ? How, as legal assurances, in duedeterence to their respective terms, can they be blended into one instrument ? The law will understand that dower was meant to be conferred when that form of assurance is not adopted which would have excluded it. If to be excluded, a mere bond of conveyance might
have been chosen; or a deed of trust, appointing A trustee to convey on payment of the purchase money. A case like this.is
not to be assimilated to a defeasance made at the same time with a conveyance, though by a distinct instrument; for a defeasance in terms qualifies the original estate conveyed, while the
mortgage here assumes that the landi according to the estate expressed in the conveyance to the mortgagors, was passed to them'fully, and then appropriates that certain estate to the benefit of the mortgagee in a certain event. If the mortgage provisions are supposed to be embraced in the actual original conveyance to the mortgagor, the compound instrument would, as a legal instrument, be utterly inoperative; because one portion would be repugnant to the other. It would in one part be a deed for the vendor,.and yet in another be a deed for the vendee, and yet is required to operate as but one conveyance, and for one aim; and the deed'must, therefore, on this supposition of a single conveyance, by its very terms, import that there is no estate conveyed by the mortgagor: and the vendor, therefore, remains owner as he was before, and no effect is produced whatsoever; and the nugatory instrument contradicts itself. Such.is not the case with the operation of a defeasance, properly so called.
In all the inquiries on this head, where the effect of instantaneous seisin has, as we think, been misunderstood, there is one

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

31

[Mayburry v. Brien et aL]
error committed; and that is, that the wife is treated as a party to the supposed agreement for a supposed defeasance, and as coming in under all equities, latent or otherwise, of the husband; while the truth is, that she is to be regarded as a stranger, so far as the law takes care of her interest and endows her; and as utterly independent of the husband. 8 Co. 71. And, besides that, an equity is assumed for the parties, and it i taken for granted that they meant what the legal import of the conveyances does not show. For, suppose an agreement even be proved for a mortgage to be simultaneously delivered, if, ex vi acti, the dower attaches, dower would not, as part of the equities, be deemed to be excluded; and to establish the equity, an agreement for the exclusion must explicitly appear. That certainly should be so, where, as in this instande, an important portion of the purchase money is paid, and a large equitable interest is thus secured to the purchaser. Of so independent and permanent a character is the wife's claim for dower, that no provision in a deed to the husband for excluding it, where a heritable estate is conveyed, is valid; however conditional even the provision may be. 6 Co. 41. Dy. 343, b. Shep. T. 128. Co. Litt. 224.
We should bear in mind that a part of the purchase money was paid at once, and that an interest in the estate Ithus immediately accrued to the Mayburrys. When thus connected with the property, and so far owners of it, is-it not assuming too much to construe these parties into mere trustees, who have only lent their names to let an estate pass that medium without leaving a beneficial trace behind ? It is only the instantaneous seisin of such uninterested agents which excludes dower claim; and any contrary decisions have proceeded upon misapprehension of the true principle.
Whenever, however, the decisions which have so confounded this principle have denied dower, there has been evidence of a contract for. simultaneous delivery of conveyance from vendor, and of mortgage; if we except only the case of Stow vs. Tift, 15 Johns. Rep. There is on this head a total absence of testimony in the present case. Without such contract appearing clearlyi what ground can there be for the constructive defeasance which the mortgage is supposed to operate? At all events, however, there is no evidence-that the deed was delivered as an escrow.

SUPREME COURt.
[Mayb=ry v; B ina et aL]
If, in terms, a deed be not so delivered, it may have its operation suspended while retained to abide some event; but when it does operate, it has effect, by relation, from its date. This is the distinction between the effect of the suspended- operation of an instrumnent reserved as a deed, and of one held as an escrow. 2 Mass. R. 447. 9 Mass. R. 307. 13 Johns. R. 285. 1 Johns. C.R. 288. 18 Johns. R. 544. 4 Day. R. 66. Here was the acknowledged deed of all the parties, left, after being thus perfected, in the'hands of one, with tro stipulation to make it.an escrow, but parted with by them as their deed, and Mr. Ross thus made only their agent to deliver it. We may, therefore, justly insist that, though reserved for a while, yet, when literally delivered, the instrument operated from its -date, according to the decisions now referred to." If such be'the legal import of what transpired, the dower claim is to be regarded here as if there were an express provision in the deed of mortgage, that the operation of the deed to the Mayburrys was to be deemed to begin from its date. In that event there can be-no doubt of the validity of the present demand.
Mr. Meredith and Mr.'Nelson, with whom was Mr. Schley, contended that the decree of the Circuit Court ought to be affirmed:
1st. Because the complainant was not dowable of the lands described in the conveyances exhibited in the record, her husband, Willoughby Mayburry-, never having been sole seised of the legal title therein.
2d. And because the seisin of her said husband, if sole, under said conveyances, was instantaneous.
For the appellees, it was argued: The deed of the 5th of March, 1812, from the executor of Johnson to Thomas and Willoughby Mayburry, created either a joint tenancy, or a tenancy in common. Upon either construction, the appellant is not entitled to dower. 1st. The grantees under this deed took as joint tenants. If the appellant had sought his remedy in a Court of Law, there can be no question, that such wotild have been the construction. A grant to two or more, and their heirs, without any

JANUARY- TERM, 1841.

33

fMayburry v. Brien et el.]

restrictive, exclusive, or explanatory words, constitutes the grantees joint tenants. 2 B1.Comm. 179. 191,192. Watk. on Convey. 86; 20 Law Lib. 30.
The saine, rule of construction prevailed in Maryland, until the year 1822; when a law was passed, declaring that no deed or will should be construed to create an estate in joint tenancy, unless by express words.
If a Court of Equity would in ordinary cases give a different construction to this deed, it would still adhere to the legal construction, in a case of dower. Dower is a mere legal right; and Courts of Equity in assuming a concurrent jurisdiction, professedty act upon'the legal right and proceed in analogy to the law. 1 Story's Equity, 5S5.
But, independently of this distinction, Courts of Equity invariably hold legacies, gifts, grants, &c., to be joint, unless from the nature of the contract, or from the words, some intention of severance appears. 3 Vesey, Jr. 630. There are dfo words of severance in this deed. Nor is there any thing in the character of the property, from which an intention may be deduced to create a tenancy in common. The object of the purchase is not explained. There is nothing in the deed, from which it may be intended, that the parties meant to carry on the furnace as partners. There is no proof out of the deed, that they were partners, either before or after the purchase; or that the furnace was put into operation at all. The Court cannot infer the fact, from the mere circumstance that the property sold consisted in part of a furnace. The authorities cited by the appellant's counsel, have no application to this case.
2d. If the deed created a joint tenancy, then no title to dower attached during its continuance. Park on Dower, 18 ; 11 Law. Lib. Watkins on Convey. 15; 20 Law. Lib. 4 Kent's Comm. 37. 1 Roper, Hus. and Wife, 362. The seisin of the husband must be' sold. The mere possibility of survivorship absolutely excludes an incipient title in the wife. In case of survivorship the survivor claims paramount the widow's title, viz.: by the original conveyance. And even where one joint tenant aliens his share, his wife is not dowable; although the possibility of the survivorship of the other joint tenant, is destroyed by th severance ; the seisin of the husband being but for an instant.
5

34

SUPREME COURT.

fMaybury v. Brien et al.]
3d. The joint tenancy in this case was not severed by the mortgage of the 14th March, 1812. The Mayburry's then parted with their whole legal interest, and retained the equity of redemption merely. Of this they were joint tenants. If they had redeemed the *mortgage, their joint legal seisin would have re-
vived. They would have been in, as df their former estate. If either had died before redeeming, the survivor would have been entitled by, the j us accrespendi, to the whole equity of redemption. And if he had afterwards redeemed, he would have become solely seised of the legal estate.
4th. The deed of the 9th of March, 1813, from Thomas to Willoughby Mayburry, passed only the equity of redemption in one undivided half. The whole equity of redemption, therefore, vas vested in Willoughby Mayburry And if h6 had redeemed, h-. would have had the sole legal seisin, in which, undoubtedly, dower would have attached. But he did not redeem, Themortgagp -was foreclosed in his lifetime, and his equitable 'estate was extinguished. Upon this equitable estate, no dower attached. For, thoiugh by the act of the Maryland legislature, passed in i818, widows are'dow~bIe of equitable estates, their right does not operate to the prejudice of any claim, for the purchase money of the lands, or other lien on the game. In this case, besides the mortgage for the purchase money, there were other liens, which exhausted the whole proceeds of sale, and left a large deficiency.
As between mortgagor and mortgagee, and those claiming uncer him, the former is to be regarded as the equitable, the. latter as the legal owner 6f the mortgaged property; and as to him, no title of dower can attach. The proviso in the mortgage to the executors of Johnson, that,'until default, the grantors should hold the land, and receive, the profits, give them no continuing seisin in fee, but constituted'them only tenants for years, to the mortgagees. Cook on Mortgages, 325-327; 18 Law Lib. 140, 141.
5th. If th& deed of the 5th of March, 1812, created a tenancy in comiton, still the appellant is not entitled to dower, because the seisin of the husband was an instantaneous transitory seisin, on which dower does not attach. Co. Litt. 31 b. Park on Dower, 20, P1. 4 Kent's Comm. 38. Cro. Car. 190. 1 Atk. Rep.-442.
The shme doctrine applies, whexi the husband takes a convey-

JANUARY !TERM, 1841.

35

[Mayburry v. Brien et a.]

ance in fee, and at the same time, mortgages the land back to

the grantor to secure the purchase money in whole or in part.

4 Kent's Comm. 39.

'1his apl jcation of the doctrine of instantaneous seisin, is sus-

tained by all the American cases. 4 Mass. Rep. 566. 14 Mass.

Rep. 351. 15 Johns. Rep. 458. 1 Bay's Rep. 312. 1 MICord's

Rep. 279. 4 Id. 346. 2 Gill and Johns. Rep.. 318.

In this case, although there is an interval between the dates

of the two deeds, the proof is, they were both delivered at the

same time. They were simultaneous acts. They both took

legal effect from the 14th of March, 1812, and not before. The

deed was executed and acknowledged on the 5th of March, and

retained by MvIr. Ross, ready to be delivered when the mortgage

was delivered. Leaving it in his hands, did not amount to a de-

livery. That is a question of intention, to be collected from all

the. circumstances. 2 Barn. and Cress. 82. 1 Johns. Cases, 114.

The whole transaction shows that the executors looked fo the

mortgage,,as their only security for the unpaid part of the pur-

chase money. Besides, the inference from the evidence is, that

by agreement of the parties, the delivery of the two deeds was

to be sitnultaneous. This evidence is clearly admissible; be-

cause it does not contradict, but tends to confirm and establish

the deed.

Goddard's

Case,

2

Rep.

4

.
b

Stone v. Ball, 3 Lev.

348. Hall v. Cazenove, 4 East, 477.

Mr. Justice 41.LEAN delivered the opinion of the Court. This is a suit in chiancery, which is brought before this Court, by an appeal from the decree of the Circuit Court of Maryland.
The complainant is the widow of Willoughby Mayburry, and claims dower from John Brien5 who purchased an estate, designated the Catoctin Furnace, and all the lands annexed or appropriated to it. She also claims rents and profits from the death of her husband. This estate was conveyed by Catharine Johnson, Baker Johnson, and William Ross, as executors of Baker Johnson; to Willoughby, and Thomas Mayburry, by deed, dated the 5th March, 1812; and they executed a mortgage on the same, to receive the principal part of the purchase money The 9th March, 1813, Thomas Mayburry conveyed to Willoughby, his undivided moiety in the estate; and at the same

36

SUPREME COURT.

LMayburry v. Brien et aLl
time, the grantee executed a mortgage on the estate, to secure the payment of the purchase money.
The answer admits the marriage of the complainant, prior to the execution of the conveyance and mortgage, in 1812; and the death of the husband, which occurred subsequently.
Brien having deceased, his' heirs were made parties to the suit.
The Circuit Court disminsed the bill, and the counsel for the defendants ask the affirmance of that decree on two grounds.
1. Because the estate vested in Willoughby and Thomas Mayburry was a joint tenancy, and not subject to dower.
2. That the mortgage was executed by Willoughby Mayburry to Thomas, simultaneously with the delivery of the deed from Thomas to Willoughby, and that dower does not attach to a momentary seisin..
The counsel for the complainant insists, that the deed of the executors of Johnson to the Mayburrys, created a tenancy in common, and not a joint tenancy.
It is admitted that the terms of this deed import a joint tenancy; but it is insisted, that the nature of the property,.and the circumstances of the parties, show a tenancy in common. That real estate conveyed for partnership purposes constitutes an estate in common; and that the conveyance of this furnace, and the land incident to it, was for manufacturing purposes, and comes within this definition. No evidence being given on the subject, the counsel relies upon the above considerations, asfling the character of the estate.
In the case of Lake- v. Craddock, 3 P. Wins. 159, the Court held that survivorship did not take place, where several individuals had purchased an estate; which was necessary to the accomplishment of an enterprise in which they were engaged. That the payment of the money created a trust for the parties advancing it, and that as the undertaking was upon the hazard of profi or loss; it was in the nature of merchandising when the jus accrescendi is never allowed. And in the case of Coles' Administratrix v. Coles, 15 Johns. Rep. 159, it was decided, that when real estate is held by partners, for the purposes of the partnership, they hold it as tenants in common; and that on a sale of .the land, one of the partners receiving the consideratio

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

37

CMayburry v. Brien et al.]

money, was liable to the action of the other for his moietr.
Thornton v. Dixon, 3 Brown's Ch. Rep. 199. Balmain v."Shore, 9 Ves. Jun. 500.
By a statute of Maryland, in 1822, ch. 262, joint tenancy is abolished; and it is contended, that this being the settled policy
of the state, the Courts should give a liberal construction to con-
veyarpces prior to that time, to guard against the inconvenience and hardship, if not injustice, of that tenancy.
Whether this estate was purchased by the Mayburrys, for the purpose of manufacturing iron, for speculation, or for some other object, is not shown by the evidence; and it would be dangerous for the Court, without evidence, to give a construction to this deed different from its legal import. We must consider the property as conveyed in joint tenancy; and the question arises, whether dower. may be claimed in such an estate.
Dower is a legal right, and whether it be claimed by suit at law, or in equity, the principle is the same.
On a joint tenancy, at common liw, dower does not attach. Coke on Litt. lib. 1, ch. 5; sec. 45. "It is to be understood, that the wife shall not be endowed of lands or tenements, which her husband holdeth jointly with another at the time of his death; and tfie reason of this diversity is, for that the joint tenant, which surviveth, claimeth the land by the feoffment and by survivorship, which is above the title of dower, and may plead the feoffment made to himself, without naming of his companion that died."
In 3 Kent's Com. 37, it is laid down, that the husband must have had seisin of the land in severalty at some time duxing the marriage, to entitle the wife to dower. No title to dower attaches on a joint seisin. The mere possibility of the estate being defeated by survivorship, prevents dower. The same principl6 is in 1 Roll. Abr..676. Fitzh. N. B. 147. Park -on Dower, 31.
3 Preston's Abstracts, 367. If the husband, being a joint tenant, convey his interest to
another, and thus at once destroy the right of'survivorship, and deprive himself of the property, his wife will not be entitled to dower. Burton on Real Property, 53. Co. Litt. 3 lb.
But it is insisted that the rule which denies dower in an estate of joint tenancy, applies only in behalf of the survivor ; and that,
VOL. XV.-D

38

SUPREME COURT.

[Mayburry v. Brien et al]
if in this case the deed created a joint estate, the plaintiff may claim, after the deed of release to her husband.
At the time the deed to the Mayburrys, for this property, was executed by the executors, a mortgage' on the property was given'by the Mayburrys, to secure the payment of a large part of the purchase money.
The deed bears a d~te prior to that of the mortgage; but the proof is clear that both instruments were delivered, and consequently took effect at the same instant of time. The time of delivery may be proved by parol.
And, it also appears thiat the deed to Willoughby Mayburry, and the mortgage from Thomas to him, were delivered at the same time.
And here.two questions arise 1st. Whether dower attaches d,here there has been only a momentary seisin in the husband? 2d. Whether, in Maryland, dower may be claimed in an equity of redemption? By the common law, dower does not attach to an equity of redemption. The fee is vested in the mortgagee, and the wife is not dowable of an equitable seisin. 'Dixon v, Saville, Bro. Ch. Ca. 326. Co. Litt. 3 b. Stelle v. Carroll, 12. Peters, 205. This rule has been changed,'in Maryland, by the tenth section
of the act of 1818, ch: 193, which gives dower in an equitable title under certain restrictions; and in many of the states a different rule obtain by statutory provision, or by a judicial modification of the, common law. As the right of the complainant depends on conveyances prior to 1818, the above statute can have no effect upon it.
As before stated, thd mortgage was delivered by Willoughby layburry, 4t the same instant he received the deed from Thomas; .and the question is, whether dower can be claimed by the wife on such a seisin of the husband?
In his Commentaries, Chancellor Kent says, vol. iv. 38, 39, that "a transitory seisin for an instant, when the same act that gives the estate to the husband conveys it out of him, as in the case of the conusee of a fihe, is not sufficient to give the wife dower; the same doctrine applies when the husband takes a conveyance in fee, and at the same time mortgages the land back to the grantor.

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

39

[Mayburry v.Brien et al.]

or to a third person, to secure the purchase money, in whole or in part, dower cannot be claimed as against rights under that mortgage; the husband is not deemed sufficiently or beneficially seised by an instantaneous pa.ssage of the fee, in and out of him, to entitle his wife to dower as against the mortgagee."
Of a seisin for an ihstant, a woman shall not be endowed. i Co. Litt. ch. 5, sec. 36.
This is the well established doctrine on the subject. Halbrook v. Finney, 4 Mass. Rep. 566. Clark v. Munroe, 14 Mass..Rep. 352. Stow v. Tift, 15 Johns. Rep. 485.
The plaintiff insists that the principle which excludes dower, in a case of a momentary seisin, applies only where the grantor acts in carrying out a naked trust. This position is not sustained by the authorities.
In the case of M'Cauley et al. v. Grimes and wife, 2 Gill & Johns. Rep. 324, the Court say, "Perhaps there is no general rule, in strictness, that in cases of instantaneous seisin, the widow shall or shall not be entitled to dower." And they say, "Where a man has the seisin of an estate beneficially for his own use, the widow shall be endowed."
What may be a beneficial seisin in the fhusband, so as to entitle his widow to dower, may be a matter of controversy, and must lead to some uncertainty. But, in the language of Chancellor Kent, where a mortgage is given by the grantee, at the same time the conveyance of the land is executed to him, there is no such beneficial seisin in him as to give a right to dower.
The encumbrances in this case exceed, it is believed, the value of the estate; and this being the: case, the grantees could in no sense be said to be beneficially seised, so as to sustain the claim of the complainant.
Upon the whole, the decree of the Circuit Court is affirmed.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record .from the Circuit Court of the United States for the'District of Maryland, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is ordered and decreed by this Court, that the decree of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby., affirmed, with costs.

SUPREME COURT.
COLIN MITCHEL AND OTHERS, APPELLANTS, v. THE UNITED STATES, APPLLEES.
Construction of the decree and mandate of the Supreme Court, at.January term, 1835, in the case of Colin Mitchel v.The United States; reported in 9 Peters, 711.
A claim to the land, up to the walls of the fort of St. Marks, in Florida, and to the land covered by the fort, rejected.
The Superior Court of Middle Florida, having, in obedience to the mandate of the Court, proceeded to make the inquiries directed thereby, decided that the extent of lands adjacent to forts in Florida, where such were usually attached to such forts, was determined by a radius of fifteen hundred Castilian varas for the salient angles of the covered way, all around the walls; and on there being no cQvered way, from the extreme line of the ditch. The Superior Courtlecreed the extent of the land rserved for the United States, round the fort of St. Marks, in conformitv with this opinion. The decree was conifirmed, on the appeal of the claimants.
The case of Sibbald, 12 Peters, 493, and the case in 10 Wheaton, 431; cited; and the principles decided and applied, in reference to the construction and execution of the mandate of the Supreme Court, affirmed. "To ascertain the true intention of the decree and mandate of this Court, the decree of the Court below, and of this Court, must be taken into consideration" "The proceedings in the original suit, are always before the Court, so far as to determine any new points between the parties.",
According to the principles settled by the Supreme Court, in numerous cases arising on grants, by North Carolina and Georgia, extending partly over the Indian boundary, the grant is good, so far as it interfered with no prior right of others as to whatever land was within the line established between the State and the Indian territory.
Danforth v.Wear, 9 Wheat. 673. Patterson v. Jenckes, 2 Peter 216, cited.
ON appeal from the Superior Court of the Middle District of Florida.
In the Supreme Court, at January term, 1835, 9 Peters, 711, the case of Colin Mitchel, and others, appellants, against the United States, was argued and determined; on an appeal from the Superior Court of East Florida.
It was a claim to lands in East Florida, the title to which was derived from grants from the Creek and Seminole Indians, ratified by the authorities of Spain, before the cession of Florida to the United States. The claim was confirmed by the Court, with the exception of so much of the tract conveyed between the rivers Wakulla and St. Marks, conveyed to John Forbes and

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

53

[Mitchel et a]. v. The United Stateo.]
Company, in 1811, as includes the fortress of St. Marks, and the territory directly and immediately adjacent and appurtenant thereto; which was reserved to the United States.
On the 30th day of January, 1836, Colin Mitchel, and others, the appellants in the Supreme Court, filed in the Superior Court of Middle Florida, the decree and mandate of the Supreme Court, as follows:

"This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Superior Court for the middle district of Florida, and was argued-by counsel; on full consideration whereof, this Court is unanimously of opinion, that the title of the petitioners to so much of the lnds in controversy, as is embraced within the. lines and boundaries' of the tract granted by the deeds, grants, and acts of confirmation to Panton, Leslie & Co.' in 1804 and 1806; also to the island inthe river Appalachicola, ceded, granted, and confirmed to John Forbes, in 1811; also .the lands and islands at and west of the mouth of said river, which were ceded, granted, and confirmed to John I orbes & Co., in 18111is valid by the law of nations, the treaty between the United States and Spain, by which the territory of the Floridas were ceded to the former, the laws and ordinances of Spain, under whose government the title originated, the proceedings under said treaty and the acts of Congress relating thereto; and do finally order, decree, and determine, and adjudge accordingly. -
And this Court doth in like manner order, adjudge, determine', and decree, that the title of the petitioner to so much of the tract of land which lies 6ast of the first mentioned tract -between the rivers Wakulla and St. Marks,.which was conveyed to John
Forbes & Co., in 1811, as shall not be included in the exception hereinafter made, is valid by the laws, treaty, and proceedings As aforesaid; with the exception of so much of the lastimentioned tract
as includes the fortress of St. Marks, and the territory.directly and immediately adjacent and appurtenant thereto, which are hereby reserved for the use of the United States. And it is further ordered and decreed, that the territory thus described, shall be
that which was ceded by the Indian proprietors to the crown of Spain, for the purpose of erecting the said fort, provided the
boundaries of the said cession can be ascertained. If the boundE.2

SUPREME COURrI .
[Mitchel et *L.r. The United Sftfs.]
aries of the said cession cannot now be ascertained, then the adjacent lands which were considered and held by the Spanish gaverument, or the commandant of the post as annexed to the fortress for military purposes, shall be still considered as annexed to it, ind reserved with it for the use of the United States. If no evidence can now be obtained'to designate the extent of the adjacent lands, which were considered as annexed to St. Marks as aforesaid; then so much land shall be comprehended in this exception as, according to military usage, was attached generally to forts in Florida, or the adjacent colonies.- If no such military usage can be proved, than it is ordered and decreed, that a line shall be extended from the point of junction between the rivers St. Marks, and Wakulla, to the middle of the river St. Marks, below the junction, thence extending up the middle of each river three miles in a direct line, without computing the courses thereof; and that the territory comprehended within a direct line, to be run so as to connect the points of termination on each river, at the end ofthe said three miles up each river; and the two lines to be run as aforesaid, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be the territory reserved as adjacent and appurtenant to the fortress of St. Marks, and as such reserved for the use of the United States. To which the claim of the petitioner is. rejected; and as to w ich, this Court decree that the same is a part of the public lands of the United States.
The decree of the Court below is therefore reversed and annulled in all matters nd things therein contained, with the exception aforesaid; and this Court, proceeding to render such decree as ,said Court ought to have rendered, do order, adjudge, and decree that the claim of the petitioner is valid, and ought to be confirmed, and is, and remains confirmed by the treaty, laws, and proceedings aforesaid, to all the lands embraced therein, except such part as is herein above excepted. And this Court does further order, adjudge, and decree, that the clerk of this Court certify the same to the surveyor-general of Florida, pursuant to law, with directions to survey, and lay off the land described in the petition of the claimants, according to the lines, boundaries, and description thereof in the several dveds of cession, grant, and confirmation by the Indians, or governor of West Florida, filed as exhibits in this cause, or referred to in the

JANUARY TERM, 1841

55

[Mitchel et alv.. The United States.]

record thereof, excepting, nevertheless, such part of the tract granted in 1811, lying east of the. tract granted in 1804, and 1806, as is hereby declared to be the territory of the United States, pursuant to the exception hereinbefore mentioned; and to make return thereof according to law, as to all the lands qomprehended in the three first herein mentioned tracts. And "asto the tract last herein mentioned, to survey in like manner, lay off the same, so soon as the extent of land herein excepted and reserved for the use of the United States, shall be ascertained in the manner hereinbefore directed.
And this Court doth further order, adjtidge, and direct, that the extent and boundaries of the land thus excepted and reserved, shall be ascertained and determined by the Superior'Court of the middle district of Florida, in such manner, and by such process as is prescribed by the acts of Congress relating to the claims of lands in Florida, and to render thereupon such judgment .or decree, as to law shall appertain."
Subsequeatly, Colin Mitchel and others Med a bill in the said 'Court, wherein they laimed.the lands to the walls of the fort of St. Marks, on all sides; and prayed confirmation thereof to the said walls of the fort as aforesaid, to be held, as it was, under the dominion of Spain, according to the treaty of cession, and the proceedings under it in other cases.
On the 14th of February, 1838, they filed an amended petition in the same Court, in which they assert the fee in the land on .which the fort of St. Marks is erected, to have been and now
to be in themselves, whilst they admit the right of the government of the United States, for the purposes of a fort; and they, therefore, prayed that the fee of the land covered by the fort, as well aq that adjoining and appurtenant, should be decreed to them, whilst the use thereof,for the purposes of a fort, might be reserved, by a decree of that Court. to the government of the United States.
On the 14th of February, 1838, the attorney of the United States, for the district of Middle Florida, filed his answer to the bill and amended pptition - in which, although he denied the facts and allegations therein set forth, he alleged, on the part -of the United States, that the matters which were to be ascertained and deeided by the Court, did not arise out of said petition, and amended petition, and that it should iot be governed or regulated

56

SUPREME COURT.

[Mitchel et aL.v. The United States]

in the investigations to be made thereby; that the power and authority of the Court to hold cognisance of the case, after their former final decree therein, was not in anywise founded upon the filing of said petition, but entirely and exclusively derived from, and founded upon the decree of the Supreme Court of the United States, at January term,-1835; by and in which the Court were directed to ascertain certain questions of fact; and the said petition and amended petition being, therefore, supererogatory, it was not necessary for the said United States of America to finally answer the same, or create any issues of law or fact thereupon.
The attorney of the United States, therefore, prayed that the said petition and amended petition might be dismissed; and that the Court would proceed to decide the questions referred to itby the Supreme Court, according to, and in pursuance of, the four alternative rules prescribed inthe same,'without reference to the petition and amended petition.
On the 30th of June, 1838, the.Superior Court for the middle district of Florida, decreed, on the proofs taken, and after argument, that the boundaries of the territory, ceded by 'the Indians to Spain, for'the purpose of erecting the fortress of St. Marks, cannot now be ascertained; that no evidence can now be obtained to designate the extent of the adjacent lands, which were c6nsidered as annexed to said fortress, by the crown of Spain, or the commandant of said post. But that there is sufficient evidence of the military usage of Spain to determine the extent of land artjacent to forts in Florida, which were usually attached to said forts; that the extent of such reservations was determined by a radius of fifteen hundred Castilian varas from the salient angles of the covered way, all roiind the works, or, there being no covered way, from the salient angles of the exterior line of the ditch.
The Court, therefore, decreed, that the lands adjacent to the fortress of St. Marks, to be reserved to the use of the United States, and as part of the public land of the same, shall be ascertained, described, and determined, as follows, viz., from the eastern point of that part of the exterior line of the ditch which is in advance of, and parallel with, the northern face of the bastion, and opposite the shoulder of the same, a line will be drawb, at right angles with that face of the bastion, fifteen hundred

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

57

[Mitchel et aL. v. The United States.]
Castilian varas from the same point of beginning; two other lines, of fifteen hundred varas in length, will be drawn and extended to points on the margin of the two rivers, St. Marks and Wakulla, respectively;- from the central one of these three points, lines shall be extended, connecting the terminations of these three radii; and thence, extending in the same lines, to the centre of the two rivers, St. Marks and Wakulla; abd all the land comprehended within these lines, and the middle of each river, from their terminati3n to the donfluence of the two rivers below the fort of St. Marks, shall be the land reserved to the use of the United States. The "var-" to be used in this survey to be the "Castilian," or "judicial vara of Spain," five thousand of which make a league, and are eqtial in length to four thousand six hundred and thirty-five English yards.
And they further ordered, that the clerk should certify the decree to the surveyor-general of Florida, pursuant to law, with directions to survey and lay otf the lands thus reserved to the United States, according to the lines, boundaries, and descriptionf thereof, in the decree.
From this decree, the present appeal to the Supreme Court was prosecuted by Colin Mitchel and others.

The case was argued by Mr. Ogden and Mr. Webster, for the appellants; and by Mr. Gilpin, Attorney General, for the United States. A printed argument, by the lateMr. Joseph M. White, for the appellants, was also submitted to the Court.

Mr. Ogden; after referring to the case of Colin. Mit Jel and others, in 9 Peters, 761, and reading the decree and mandate of the Court in that case; stated, that the question which was referred to the Superior Court of Middle Florida, was, what Was the extent of the fort of St. Marks, and the ground around the same; to which under the decree and mandate of the Supreme Court, the United States were entitled?
It is contended that all the United States are entitled tct is the ground covered by the fort St. Marks, and the ditch surrounding the same, if entitled to any land there. The whole territory was originally held by the Indians, whose grant to those under whom the appellants claimed, was the whole land, without any

S8

SUPREME COURT.

[Mitchel etal. v.The United States.]

reservation of the fort of St. Marks. No mention of the fort is made in the first grant. Afterwards the fort was recognised in the negotiations with the Indians; and this Court considered that a grant of the fort had 'been 'made by the Indians, or was reserved by the government of Spain out of the grant to John
Forbes and Company. The government of the United States are bound by the limits
of the exception, as they claim under the exception. It was under this view of the rights of the United States, and
of the parties claiming under John Forbes, and Company, that the decree of this Court proceeded. The Court of Florida was
to ascertain the extent of the fort of St. Marks. For this purpose the testimony of persons who were piofession-
ally acquainted with the subject under inquiry was taken. The evidence of Mr. Murat, and of Mr. Morris was procured. This evidence circumscribes and limits'the right of the United S ates to the ground on which the fort is placed, and to the ground for the ditch around the fort. The adjacent and surrounding lands are not to be occupied by buildings, so as to prevent the full use of the cannon of the fort; but this does not give the rigfit of property in the land so adjacent, to the sovereign or government holding the fort. For the purposes of-cultivation, an ownership may exist in the lands about a fort, and does constantly exist. This is the law of Spain. It has been the practice of Spain to grant lands up to the Spanish forts standing upon them. This was the case at Pensacola and at New Orleans.
By the laws of Spain, houses cannot be built near the walls of forts, but if buildings a greater distance than three hundred paces from a fort are destroyed by the fort, they shall be paid for by the king. Recopelacion de las Indias. Madrid, 1755. Book 3, title 7, law 1.

The printed argument of Mr. White was as follows: This is a pi-t of the same controversy litigated between the
same parties several years ago, and relates to that portion only of
the case remanded for further investigation by the District Court. The' original sale by the aboriginal Indians, as a compensation
for debts contracted, and indemnity for depredations committed upon the house of Forbes and Company, and the ratification of

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

59

(Mitchel et aL v. The Ushed State&]

the Spanish government, called for the St. Marks river as the .eastern boundary of the cession and grant. This Court have decided that the sale and ratification constituted aTull and absolute title in the house of -Forbes and Company, which was regularly transferred by deed to the appellants, Colin'Mitchel and others. There islherefore no question arising inder these plead-,
ings as'to the legality of that sale and the confiimation of it. At the junction of the St. Marks and Wakulla rivers there was an old Spanish fortification, built of soft limestone and mud, as a defence of the Spanish garrison against the Indians. It does not enter into or form any part of the system of maritime defence projected by the.United States. engineers for the seaboard. The nature of the h.rbour, the small-epth of water on the bar, and the impossibility of any armed vessel passing.up to or above it, renders its abandonment for all military puinoses unavoidable. The garrison has long since been removed, and its few rooms occupied as storehouses. It appears from some official correspondence in the large record that, in 1787,. after the treaties between the Spanish Government and the Lower Creek and Tallapuehee -Indians, some of-the officers of his Catholic Majesty obtained the assent of the Indians to construct a fort., 'The title had bean admitted by those treaties 'to be in the-ndians; the government reserving only a pre-emptive-right to the ultimate fee in the soil, and alsothe right of assenting to or rejecting any sales made by the Indians. No formal 'cession, transfer, deed, or treaty, is to be found in the archives. The assent of the Indians was probably obtained in council, in the same nanner that the Spaniards obtained permission to erect a fortification at the Walnut Hills and Chickasaw Bluffs,- on the Mississippi. However this may be, the fort, such as it is, was erected prior to the title given by the conjoint act of the Indians and Spanish government to Forbes and Company.
The only question, theni. presented by this record is, whether there is in fact any and what reservation, either by. Spanish law or usage, appurtenant to. such a fortification, which annihilates or controls the title thus given.
The appellants show a sale and confirmation of the land without reservation, which, to all the remaining tract, has been admitted to be unimpeachable. This cession and ratification, in

60

SUPREME COURT.

[Mitchel et al. v. The United Stat]
the absence of all proof, upon well established principles of law recognised by the Court in numerous other cases, creates a presumption in favour of the appellants, and imposes upon the
United States the onus probandi of showing whether any and what reservation was made. The United States, by their agents, has nowhere attempted to show that the laws of Spain created such a teservation as to control and destroy the grant. The only law produced 'bythem proves incontestably that no such law existed. It appears that (by law 1, title 7, book 3 of the Recopelacion de las Indias) it was directed that the ground about fortresses should be unoccupied, and gave power to demolish buildings within three hundred paces, by "paying from our royal treasury to the owner the amount of the lost he may sustain." It follows from this law that the Spanish government recogfhised the ownership of lands to the walls of forts, with what might be called a servitude, by which the government could so far control individual property as to prevent the erection of buildings which might be prejudicial to defence. It is clear that this servitude c~n only exist as'long as the fortification is occupied for the puiposes of national'defence. No proof has been made that any portion of land was ceded by the Indian proprietors for the construction of the fort. The presumption is, from the very imperfect information in the record, that if any were ceded it was the site only; and this is confirmed and strengthened by the fact, that the Indians sold the land without reservation to the house of Forbes and Company, and the Spanish authorities acquiesced- in and ratified the sale to this land without reservation, which was approved by the CaptainGeneral, the highest judicial and administrative functionary of the crown of Spain having jurisdiction over the Floridas. This
concession and approval must be regarded as res adjudicata, so far as the rights of Spain are involved; and, as the United States only succeed to the rights of Spain by a cession of the vacant land, it follows that it is equally conclusive upon them.
This Court have directed that if the boundaries of the cession
cannot be ascertained, " then the adjacent lands, considered and held by the Spanish government as annexed to a fortress for military purposes, shall be reserved." The United States hold the affirmative of the proposition, that there was by law or usage

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

61

[Mitchel et al.v. The United States.]

such a reservation of soil, but they have utterly failed to 15rove it by any thing in this record. Can such a mere allegation, without proof, stand against an Indian sale for the land in question, recognised and approved by the Spanish government? It has been shown that the only law quoted or relied upon, gives to the government simply the right to demolish houses when they maybe prejudicial to defence. (See White' Compilation, pages 36 and 92.) So far, therefore, as a question of law is involved, it is against the pretensions 9f the United States.
The next question is as to the military usage in Florida and the adjacent colonies. Upon this branch of the subject, the question is even clearer in favour of the appellants than upon the laws of Spain. Beginning at Pensacola, where there is the largest fortification in the two Floridas, commonly known as that of St. Carlos de Barancas, grants were made up to the walls of the fortification, and confirmed by the United Stiates commissigners, whose reports were approved by an act of Congress. (See the claim of Don Fernando and Francisco Morino, whose title was ponfirmed and afterwards purchased by the United States for military purposes; see, also, the title of Don Vincento Pintado, No. 10, recognised and purchased by the United States for the same purpose.) This proves that the exetutive and legislative branches of the government have admitted, confirmed, and purchased of individuals such titles; and it will be seen by the act of Congress, as well as the decision of this Court in the case of Arredondo, that one of'the rules of decision by the judiciary will be the extent to which the'Legislature have gone in the admission of puch titles; and it was further decided, in the case of Garcia ind Lee, that the opinions of the executive upon the construction of treaties would be regarded by the Court as conclusive. This too was a case in which every member of the Court must have been satisfied, by the perusal of the documents, thht if they had been at liberty to consider the question upon the proofs in the record, the United States had no just or legal tfile to the territory in dispute before the Florida treaty of 1819. But to proceed with the military usage. A fortifica-, tion was erected upon the high grounds above Pensacola, called the fort of St. Michael, and regularly garrisoned up to the period
of the negotiation of the Florida treaty. There were grautcd, VOL. XV.-F

SUPREME COURT.
[Mitchel et aL v. The United StatesJ
immediately adjacent to the fort, lands confirmed to William King, Rowland Clapp, Pawline Rivers, and others.
It appears also that various grants were made and confirmed adjacent .to the fortification of St. Augustine, and that of Mobile, the site of which was also granted by the Spanish government. These concurrent acts of both governments, in regard to all the fortifications in the Floridas, are conclusive as to .the military usage in the provinces. There was, neither by law nor custom, any other than a reserved right to the servitude, whicH ceased with the abandonment of the fortification. The title; therefore, of Forbes and Company, transmitted to Colin Mitchel and others, was as perfect as that to any other portion of the grant; with the single exception, that they could not build within the range of the shot, so as*to be prejudicial to defence. There is nothing in the laws-or usages of Spain to prevent their cultivation up to the walls.
It will be seen, also, that in all the other Spanish provinces, Forts Chartres, Kaskaskia, St. Louis, New Orleans, New Madrid, and Baton Rouge, similar granfs were made, confirmed by commissioners, and ratified by Congress.
As the Indian sale, and Spanish ratification, run to the forks of the river, the appellants took the whole title abisolutely, except at'that point, and sub modo as to that. The abandonment of the fart must give them the same title which they had to other .portions of the giant. The question .appears to he too plain and obvious for "furtherargument or illustration.
Mr. Gilpin, the Attorney General of the United States, contended:
1st. That the decree -ofthe -Supr.,me Court, at January term, 1S35, ascertained, absolutely, thertitle nd right of the United States to a tract of land embracing the fortress of St. Marks, and a certain extent of territory around it; that their title to the whole of this is as perfect and complete as that by which they hold any part- of the public domain; and that the appellants had and have no right to any portion of it.
2d. 'That, for the purfose of ascertaining that extent of territory around the fortressthey directed the boundaries thereof should be determined by the-Superior' Court of Middle Florida, in the

JANUARY TERM, 1S41.

63

[Mitchel et al. v. The United States.]

manner prescribed by that decree; but that they conferred by their mandate no other authority on that Court.
3d. That the decree of that Court is warranted by law, and the facts proved; and is a complete and faithful exedution of the
mandate of the Supreme Court; and ought, therefore, to be affirmed.
Elaborate as have been many of the discussions, and anxiously contested as have been many of the cases that have received their final award from" this Court, it may be doubted whether any one has surpassed, in these respects, that which is now to receive its conclusive decision.. The vast extent of territory that has been involved, gives a magnitude to the controversy, before which the ordinary discussions about land titles dwindle into insignificance. It far exceeds, in extent, one of the'sovereign states of this Union; and it equals, if it does not also exceed, another. It embraces within its limits a fertile land, and a climate of unsurpassed salubrity-the -ery spot'where the cavaliers of Spain sought for the fountains of perpetuai health. But, besides these, it has also -fine rivers, a sea-coast, harbours, and islands, every thing that was wanting to constitute a princely domain.
The contest to secure it has been proportioned to its magnitude. Eight years of uninterrupted legal-controversy brought it, at last, to this tribunal. Five of the present judges know the result. The great ability of the counsel; the laborious researches into the Spanish laws; the despatch of special agents by the government of the United States to Cuba; the thorough ransacking of the
Spanish archives; the deferred and prolonged arguments; all presented the subject: to this Court with a fulness and perfect acquaintance with law and fact that have no equal, perhaps, in
its judicial history. * The opinion delivered at January term, 1835,. shows 'the minuteness with which every point of the case was considered;
and the decree, is drawn up with a care and a determination to leave no point doubtful, which it might be thought would have been successful. It declared, 9 Peters, 761, the grant to the claimants to be valid; and that their title embraced the'whole tract claimed by them, "4,except so much of the tract as included the fortress of St. Marks, 9 nd the -territory directly and imme-

64

SUPREME COURT.

[Mitchel et al. v.The United States.]

diately adjacent and appurtenant thereto ;" and that, they ex-
pressly reserve, as being the property of the United States. To that they reject the claim of the petitioner; and decree that it is a part of the public lands of the United States. They then order their
decree to be certified to the Superior Court of Middle Florida; and they direct that Court to have the two tracts surveyed, viz., 1. That decreed to the claimants; 2. That decreed to the United
States. They direct that as to the first, the lines in the deeds of cession, from the Indians to' the claimants, shall be followed. As to the second,, they also direct that the lines of the cession to the Spanish government shall be followed, if they can be ascer-
tained; but if not, theh, in the first place, the boundaries of the lands held at that fortress, by the Spaniards, as annexed to it. If these cannot be ascertained, then the boundaries of so much land as, according to military usage, was generally attached to forts in Florida, or in the adjacent colonies, are to be taken. In
default of proof of any of these, they decree to the United States, a tract extending from the point of junction of the St. Marks and Wakulla rivers, three miles up each river, and bounded by a
straight line there drawn from one to the other.
It is this decree, which the Superior Court of Middle Florida has proceeded to execute. It has declared: 1st, That the lines of the Indian cession for the fortress cannot be ascertained. 2d, That the boundaries of the territory, held by the Spaniards, as annexed to it, cannot be ascertained. 3d. That the extent of territory held by military usage, in Florida, as annexed t& a fortress, can be ascertained; and that if is, that within a line drawn at the distance of 1,500 Castilian varas, from the salient angles of the fortress.
The Court, therefore, directed the Surveyor General of Florida
to lay off that boundary. At this stage, the claimants interpose: declaring that this
decree of the Court is wrong, that there is no military usage in Florida, which annexes any land to a fortress beyond its walls, and that if any land at St. Marks belonged to the United States, it was confined within a line running along the walls of the fortress; but that, in fact, they were entitled to no land there, whatever, as they had abandoned it as a fortress; and it was

JANUARY'TERM, 1841.

65

[Mitchel et aL v. The United States.1

contended that such ought to have been the decree of the Supe-

rior Court of Middle Florida, in obeying the mandate of this

Court.

It is thus evident, that two questions present themselves

1. What were the extent and meaning of that p6rtion of the

judgment of this Court, at January term, 183 ,which was in.

favour of the United States? 2. Is the decree made by th

Superior Court of Middle Florida a faithful execution of the

mandate of this Court; or would its order have been truly per-

formed by a decree such as the claimants required?

I. In proceeding to examine the first question, it is proper to

advert to the principles by which we are to be gukied, in con-

sidering how far an inferior Court has properly executed the

mapdate of the Court above. "1To ascertain," say this Court in

Ex parte Sibbald, 12 Peters, 493, "'the true intention of the

decree and mandate of this Court, the decree of the Court below,

and of this Court, and the petitioners title, must be takezi into

consideration." In the case of the Santa Maria, they say: "The

proceedings in the original suit are always before the Couit,

so far as to determine any new points between the parties."

10 Wheaton, 431.

Adverting then to the original decree, and the proceedings on

which it was founded, it is contended, on the part of the United

States, that the Supreme Court ascertained absolutely the title

and right of the United States, to a tract of land embracin*g the

fortress, and a certain extent of lauid around it; that their title

to the whole of this territory was as perfect and complete as

that by which they hold any portion of the public domaiD ; and

that the claimants had and have no right whatever to any por-

tion of it.

The original proceedings in the case, were instituted by the

claimants, to recover the whole of the vast territory in question.

Ther filed their petition under the sixth section of the act of

the 23d of May, 1828. In that petition, they claimed to hold

the entire one million two hundred thousand acres, under deeds

from the Indians, confirmed by the Spanish authorities.

The United States, in reply, denied, first, that they had any

valid title from the Indians and Spanish authorities, to any part

of the land; but, secondly, if they had to a part, they had not

r 2

9

66

SUPREME COURT.

[Mitchel et aL v. The United Stateo.]
to that portion of it which embraced, and was appurtenant to
the fortress of St. Marks. The correctness of the first position, is not now a matter of dis-
cussion. The validity of the title of the claimants to the large
body of land ceded to them by the Indians, was affirmed by this Court; and forms, at present, no subject ok controversy. But as to the second, the right of the claimants to the fortress, and its appurtenant territory, the Whole series of evidence adduced on the original trial, in the Superior Court of Middle Florida, is
conclusive against them. [The Attorney General then reviewed, in detail, all the facts
connected with the privileges and cessions granted to Panton, and his successors. from the 3d of September, 1783, when. the Floridas were retroceded to Spain, by England, until the 25th of August, 1825, when Forbes presented his petition to the Governor General of Cuba, for a certificate of the cessions. From this review, he regarded it, as clear, that the first title of the claimants to any portion of this land, was acquired only in 1806; that all which was then acquired lay on the west side of the Wakulla; that in 1811, they bought from the Indians such right only as they then had to the land between the Wakulla and St. Marks; that in 1825, when they made'their application to the Governor General, they did not regard their own claim, derived under this last pfirchase, as embracing the fortress of St. Marks; and that the claim thereto was first set up in 1828.
The Attorney General then examined, in the same detail, theevidence adduced on the original trial, which proved the acquisition and establishment by the Spanish government, of a fortress at St. Marks; even before the transfer of Florida to *England,in 1763; the early and express recognition by the Indians of their undisputed possession and sovereignty; the severance from the Indian domain, not only of the post itself, but of the quantity of land around, necessary for its protection, and the " circle of the jurisdiction of a fortified place ;" the construction of the present military work, in 1787; the subsequent maintenance of it, at a great cot; and its distinct and special delivery to the United States, on the cession of the Floridas to them.]
Thus, then stood the case, on the evidence before the Superior Court of Middle Florida. A clear title in the government of

JANUARY- TERM, 1841.

67

[Mtchel et aL. v.The United States.]

Spain, and derived from them to the United States, to this fort, and the circle of necessary jurisdiction, founded on conquest, direct grant, forty if-not sixty years' possession, and legal prescription. A title in the claimants, admitted to commence less than ten years before the cession of Florida to the United States; in its terms excluding the fortress and its appurtenances; but, if it did not, being totally inconsistent with the previous right of the opposite party. Is it surprising that the judge, in alluding to the pretence, that the Indian grant to Forbes should cover this, spoke of it as "1manifestly extravagant and unjustifiable ?"
The decree of that Court, however, being adverse to the whole claim of Forbes, came entirely on the appeal, before the Supreme
Court. But it does not appear that the claimants ventured,'before this tribunal, to set up a title to this part of their original claim. On the contrary, the counsel for the claimants admitted, in his argument, that "the Indian title for the site of the fort of St. Marks, had been extinguished by a negotiation made by the Governor of West Florida." Wherj, therefore, the Court came to pass on he -Qalidity of the claim, they scarcely adverted to the original, pretension et up to this portion of the land, considering it as unequivocally abandoned. "As to the land," say they, 19 Peters, 733, #.coveed by. the fort and appurtenances to some distance. around it, it becomes unnecessary to inquire into the effect of the deeds, as the counsel for the petitioners have in
open Court disclaimed any preteisions to it." The Court; however, were satisfied of the validity 'of the Indian grants, and of the title of the claimants, to all the land that they derived under them; as much as they were of the title of the United States to all that was held by the Spanish government. Their decree was, therefore, carefully made. It declared that the title of the petitioners to the land claimed, was valid and complete, except to so much of it "as includes the fortress of St. Marks, and the territory directly and immediately adjacent and appurtenant thereto ;" and they declared that the claim of the petitioners to this latter tract "was rejected, and that the same is a part of the public lands. of the United States." They then proceeded, 9 Peters, 763, to declare the mode in which their decree should be executed. They ordered the Surveyor General of Florida to survey and lay off-the lands decreed, to belong to the petitioner, "excepting,

68

SUPREME COURT.

[Mitchel et aL v. The United Stat s.]

nevertheless, the part declared to be the territory of the United States." To fix the boundaries of this excepted territory, they
ordered the Superior Court of Middle Florida to ascertain: 1. The territory which was ceded by the Indians to the crown
of Spain, for the purpose of erecting the fort. 2. If the boundaries of this could not now be ascertained, then
to ascertain the extent of the adjacent lands which were considered and held by the Spaniih government or the commandant of the fort, as annexed to the fortress for military purposes.
3. If this could not be done, then to ascertain the extent of land generally attached to forts in Florida, or the adjacent coloniesaccording to military usage.
4. If this could not be done, then to extend a straight line across from the St. Marks to the Walkulla, at'the distance of three miles above, their point of junction, embracing within it the territory which was to be considered as adjacent and appurtenant to the fortress.' Finally, they directed the Surveyor General to survey and lay off for the United States, the land thus declared to belong to them.
It will be seen, from the careful manner in which this decree was framed, that the Supreme Court left no question of title unsettled; that they explicitly decreed what belonged to the two parties who were claimants-what belonged to Forbes, and what belonged to the United States; that -theyabsolutely and totally rejected the claims of tha one party or the other to certain portions of the soil; that no title, perfect or imperfect; past, present, or future, was recognised as existing in either party to any other portion of the land in controversy, than that which was assigned to him by the decree. To Forbes was given all he claimed, except a tract previously granted to the Spanish crown. To that tract they declared he possessed no right whatever, perfect or imperfect; but that it belonged, in absolute title, to the
United States. If its boundaries were known, the survey was to be made according to them. If its boundaries were unknown, they were then to be a line embracing all the territory that military usages or military purposes ever considered as appurtenant to a Spanish fort. The nature of the title was not left to depend
on these usages; but merely the extent of boundary. The title was declared in terms to be absolute; wherever the boundary

JANUARY TERM, 1s4.

69

[Mitchel et al.v. The United States.]

was, the land was public land up to that boundary; the claim of Forbes, of every sort and to every inch of it, was absolutely rejected, as completely as if he had never held any grant whatever. The only reason for failing to direct the Surveyor General to lay off the boundary line of the tract decreed to the United States, was the ignorance of the Court on a single point of fact; and that fact they directed the Court below to ascertain.-
'This that Court has done. They have, by a formal judgment,
declared that there is no evidence either of the boundary fixed by ,the Indians at the time of conveyance; or of that claimed by the Spanish government or commandant at St. Marks; but that it was a well settled military usage, to extend the appurtenances of a fort to the distance of fifteen hundred Castilian varas from. -its salient angles; and they decree therefore that the boundary of the .territory of the United States shall be a line so drawn, between the rivers Wakulla and St. Marks.
It is from this decree, that the present appeal is taken. It is alleged to be erroneous, and this Court is called to set it aside.
Two inquiries present themselves. 1. Is the fact found by the Court correct; and was it a well gettled military usage to extend the appurtenance of a fort to a distance of fifteen hundred varas from its salient angle. 2. If so, was the decree of the Court, that the same should be surveyed as the boundary of the public land belonging to the United"States, also correct.
I. By the law of Spain, as Well as by that of most nations, (Merlin, Repertorie 2, 309, Fortifications,) a space is reserved around all fortified places; and by the established military usage of that country the reserved space around a fort certainly extended to fifteen hundred varas, or thirteen hundred and ninety English yards. In the Recopilacion, (b. 3, t. 7,1. 1,) it is declared that the ground about castles and fortresses shall be clear and unoeupied ; and if a house be erected within three hundred paces, (which is equal to two hundred and eighty English yards,) it shall be demolished. In the same work, (b. 4, t. 7, 1. 12,) no houses are to be built within three hundred paces of the walls of new towns. Similar to this is the evidence taken in the present case. At the instance of the claimants, the testimony of the director of engineers at Havanna was taken by order of Tacon, the GovernorGeneral. This officer states, that "when castles, forts,

SUPREME COURT.
[Mitchel et al. v. The United States.]
or fortificalions are established, a radius is determined from the salient angles of the covered way of fifteen hundred varas all around the fortification, in which s)ace is promnbited the construction of dwellings." This is the opinion of a director of engineers in the Spanish army, as to the distance of the line from the fortress-the point of fact to be ascertained. Again; a concession of Governor White is produced, where a person applies for three acres of land at Macariz. The chief engineer reports them to be within fifteen hundred varas of the fort, and therefore a mere right of temporary cultivation was granted. There were several witnesses 6xamined at the trial, who, although unacquainted with the military usage of Spain in particular, and differing as to the exact extent of ground thus reserved around forts, concur in a reservation being necessary, to an extent sufficient to permit the use of artillery. Colonel Achille Murat states that the distance kept free from permanent structures, on the lacis 'or esplanade of a fortress, is determined by a radius from the salient angles of the covered way of seventeen hundred toises, about three thousand four hundred yards. Colonel Gadsden says that he does not know the military usage of Spain on the subject, but that, when, General Jackson took possession of the Spanish forts in Florida, he directedi that the adjoining grounds should also be taken posiession of, to the extent of point blank range of heavy ordnance; such being the usage of the Spanish government; he adds, that 'no fortress is defensible unless it has command of the ground around, to the extent of point blank range. Major Vinton says the point blank range of a thirty-two pounder is eight hundred and fifty yards. To complete the testimony on this point, we have that of Colonel Butler, who says'lxpressly, that the woods had been cltdred away by the authorities at St. Marks, to a distance of a mile and a half from its walls; and that of Mr. Crane, one of the claimant's witnesses, who says no buildings were erected outside of the fort before 1827, and then by permission of the United States. This point then is clearly established, that the extent of soil, for fifteen hundred varas from the fort, was appurtenant to it.
II. This fact being established; the remaining inquiry is, whether the Court erred in deereing, that "the Surveyor General

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

71

EWtdhel et aL v. The United States.]

should lay off the land up to this line, as being reserved to the United States, and forming part of the public lands."
This is the main point of the case, on the part of the appellants in their present proceeding. They deny that this part of the decree is right, upon -wo grounds, which were elaborately set forth in what are termed their petition and amended petition, filed in the Court below. The first of these grounds was taken on the 30th January, 1836, when, in the shape of a petition to the Court below, they asserted that they were the original proprietors of the soil as grantees of the Indians; and that, by'the law of the Indies and the usage of Spain and her colonies, they possessed the absolute and useful dominion of it up to the walls of the
fortress, and were only limited and restrained therein, so far asto be prevented fromi erecting any permanent buildings that might interfere with the defence of the place; and they therefore contended that the decree of the Court below should make the walls of the fort the boundary of their claim. The second ground was taken on the 14th February, 1838, when. in what was called an amended petition, they asserted a still broader right; they alleged.that the ground on which the fort itself stood, being originally granted by the Indians for the purposes of a fort alo e, a mere use and occupancy passed to Spain for military purpose., leaving the feo in the Indians and their assignees; that such use or right of possession only passed to the United States; that they.had abandoned the place as a military possession; thatall their title thereto had ceased from such abandonment; and that the whole plade, within the walls of the fort as well as without, now belongs absolutely to them as the grantees of the Indians. They therefore, contended that the decree of the Court below should declare, that "the fee of the land covered by the fort" was vested in them.
To the grounds thus boldly taken, it is answered, that there are no such laws or Spanish usages as the appellants allege, which are applicable to this case; but that, on the contrary, they vest the absolute title in-the. United States, as far as the line ascertained by the Court; that if there were any such law- or usage, it is controlled in this case by a prior and absolute grant from the Indians to the crown of Spain; that had it not been so expressly granted, it has been so held.by an undisputed possession

72

SUPREME COURT.

[Mitchel et a]. v. The United States.]
of more than half a century; that, besides this, the right of the United States to the extent claimed by them, was solemnly admitted without qualification by th6 appellants; and that, if it were not so, the question now raised has been finally and irrevocably settled by the decree of this Court, and could not be mooted or acted upon by the Court below, as the appellants demand.
1. By the law and usages of Spain, where a fortress was erected in a country conquered from the Indians, the absolute dominion and title to the soil remained vested in the Spanish crown, not merely of the fortress itself, but of the land necessarily appurtenant thereto. This results directly and incontestibly from the whole system of Spain, in regard to countries discovered by her, or conquered from the Indians. Spain denied, absolutely, all right of the Indians to the conquered soil, except such as was allotted to them; to that only did she admit any right or title whatever. No nation ever framed so full and complete a system in regard to her discovered or conquered territory. 1 Robertson's America, 52. 102. 2 Rob. 208.230. Note 69. The "Recopilacion de Leyes de los reynas de las Indias" contains this system in a digested and written form. It includes the Floridas, not merely by its general terms, but by its express language. B. 2, t. 15,1. 2; b. 5, t. 2, 1. 1. 2 White's New Rec. 57. Every part of this work shows that the King of Spain claimed the absolute title in alllands within the Americain dominions, and did not recognise atfy right of the Indians, except in regard to such tracts as were expressly left in their possession. He asserted (b. 3, t. 1, 1. 1 ; b. 4, t:1, 11, ; b. 4, t. 2, 1. 1 ;1b. 4, t. 12, 1. 14. 2 White's New Rec. 32.'48. 52) his absolute dominion to the soil'ot the Indies, by donation of the Holy See. Unlike the Anglo-Americans, Spain never made a single treaty to, acquire the soil. Their own settlements, with lands for grazing and hunting, were left to the Indians. These they were permitted to alienate and devise, under certain regulations, as Spanish subjects were permitted to do, with lands granted to them; but if they occupied lands beyond this, or refused to relinquish those granted to the Spaniards, they were removed. B. 4, t. 7, 1.23. "2 White's New Rec. 48. 0. They were not permitted to change their settlement, or fesidence, without leave'of the Spanish authorities. B. 6, t. 1, 1.27; t. 3,

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

73

[Mitchel et al. v. The United States.]

1. 1. 13. 18, 19, 20. In the treaty of 1784, with the Florida

Indians, 10 Waite's Am. St. Pa. 123, which was made after the

long war, and when it was most desirable to attach them to

Spain, and dissolve their growing connexion with the English

colonies, by means of the promise of certain commercial inter-

course, they were yet expressly subjected to these Spanish laws;

and, even as regards their own settlements, nothing was guaran-

tied to them beyond their actual possessions, to the extent to

which they were recognised by the laws of the Indies. These

doctrines-the right of absolute do.minion, which conquest gives

over an Indian territory-have been so often recognised by our

Courts, that they are no longer open to discussion; and they have

been applied as well -o the American as to the Spanish inter-

course with the original inhabitants of this continent. As early

as 1805, the executive department of our government; in its

official correspondence, laid down these principles, 12 Waite Am.

St. Pa. 311; and in the case of Johnson v. M'Intosh, 8 Wheat. 543,

the whole question was elaborately argued and thoroughly

examined in this, the highest branch of our judicial department.

In delivering the opinion of the Court, the Chief Justice went at

large into the subject. He clearly showed that discovery was

the original foundation of titles to land on the American con-

tinent, as between the different European nations, by whom con-

quests and settlements were made here; that the European

governments asserted the exclusive right of -granting the soil to

individuals, subject only to the Indian right of occupancy, which

those governments were exclusively to extinguish; that thesame

principlq was recognised in the wars, negotiations, and treaties,

between the different European powers; and that, since the Revo-

lution, it had been adopted by'the American states,-the exclusive

right of the British government, over lands occupied by the

Indibns, having passed to the governments of the states or of

the Union, as the case may. be'.. The Supreme Court of New

York, in the case of Jackson v. Goodel, 20 Johnson, 693, ex-

amined, after an elaborate discussion, the same general question,

and, without any knowledge of the case pending in*this Count;

came to the same result. So far, then, as the general quesfioai

is concerned, in regard to the right of the government of a nation,

by -whom the conquest or discovery is'nA&de, lo 4ke possession

Vo.Ty XV.-G-

10".

74

SUPREME COURT.

[Mitchel et a]v.. The United States.]
of Indian lands, we need look no farther to ascertain the principles which have governed, not only Spain, but other European nations, as well as ourselves. Even in the particular case out of which the present appeal arose, this Court, 9 Peters, 745, having reference especially to the rights of the Spanish crown in Florida, has declared, that, subject to a possessory right under which the Indians might enjoy their actual settlements, "the ultimate fee was in the crown and its grantees." If this view of the law, as applicable to the rightsof sovereignty enjoyed by conquerors or discoverers, be correct, who can doubt that they might appropriate to their use the territory they desired for public works? To deny it would be in the face of every principle thus established; and it may well excite surprise, at this day, that the right, either of the British, the French, or the Spanish settlers of America, to hold land sufficient for a fortress,
in the country the' had acquired, should be questioned. If a doubt could exist, it will be removed by examining the
attempt made by the appellants to sustain their doctrine. After a search the most laborious, they rest it upon the opinions of two or three military officers, and a few grants in Florida and Louisiana, supposed to be somewhat analogous. The first of these opinions is not that of a Spanish lawyer, or a person acquainted with the public land sy.stem. It is from "a director of engineers," whose name even is not given. After describing the distance of fifteen hundred varas to be that which is attached to a fort, for, military purposes, he says "Within this it is prohibited to build houses, or rebuild those already in existence, but leaving the owners in full possession of their direct and useful domain of said landp ; permitting only the construction of such edifices of wood as are necessary for their cultivation, and, of course, easily destroyed in case of a siege. This," he remarks, "is done for the purpose of showing due respect to the sacred rights of property, and to save the government 'from the immense expense that would other~vise be necessary for the indemnification of the proprietors whose lands were thus taken." He,then concludes by saying, "From what he has exposed, and from the evidence underlhis eye, it results that St. Marks has not occupied, and ought not to occupy, more than the land within the line of the ditch." Now, of ihis opinion, beyond the part *hich gives the

JANUARY TERM, 1s41.

75

[Mitchel et aL v. The United States]

distance of the line of reservatiofi according to military usage, it may be remarked, that it is *entirelygratuitous-no opinion on any other point was asked. But is it surprising that its-hould have been thus volunteered by an ex parte and anonymous witness, when it was evidently introduced to his notice as an important part of the claimant's case? The evidence on which he founded it was, as e remarks, under his eye;'that evidence could only be such as related to the claimant's title; it could not come officially before the "director of engineers ;" it could only be brought by them specially to his notice.
But admitting the llekposition," though not the "1result" of the "director of engineers," yet it -does not establish a position it is necessary to deiy, It establishe only this, that a resulting fee, or a right to the usufruct of the soil, in and around forts, existed when, on the establishment of a fortress, the existing title of the owners, for purposes of economy, was only partially condemned, or a partial tkse not interering with thai for which it was taken, was allowed; or when, after the establishment of a fortress, qualified grants vyere made around it, which became strengthened by a proscription that, on the abandonment of the fortress, grew into an absolute right. Admit these principles, and in ivhat respect do they sustain the ground that the government cannot take the absolute property;- much more, it may be asked, how can they be construed to prevail against the absolute right to the soil and
domain acquired by conquest, and always *explicitlydeclared ? In no case could this latent and resulting interest exist without the agreement of the crown; and in the case of a fortress built -on Indian land, the idea of such an agreement is preposterous. These views are applicable to every case cited in the record, of grants made up "to the walls of fortresses. The case of Labatut was one where, after the "fortification was erected, lands were taken from a person to whom they had beet* granted, on some change in the works. The cases of confirmed claims are the same; no one can doubt but that the governmeit might, if it saw fit, grant lands under conditions more or less rigid, in. such situations. The..present case has no principle in common with these.
If it be said that the right of the king was limited to the fort, and. did not extend to the appurtenances, the answer is that he

SUPREME COURT.
[Mitchel et al. v. The United States.]
would not take and occupy less than was necessary tor the purposes contemplated; his right was the same to one as the other; excl iding the Indians from it, all would be set apart that the public service required. It is shown to be as necessary to the fort as the land within the walls; it is an appurtenance, which, in a general grant, would pass with it.
2. But had there been such a law or usage existing in any territory, acquired by Spain from the Indians, it would not avail the claimants in this case, because the Indians, under whom they claim, recognized the absolute title of the Spanish government at least five-and-twenty years before the purchase from which the claitiants derive their title. This has been already adverted to. It is apparent, in the evidence of Governor Folch,'on whose confirmation of their title the claimants depend. His e ridence is adduced by themselves. He says, that in 1787 " all the lands necessary for the establishment of the fort" were reserved in the presence of the Indians, "1with great ceremony." Calderon, an officer there at the time, says that the quantity of land needed to preserve the fort, and all within "thle circle of jurisdiction of a fortified place, was taken." Evidence stronger than this, from the lips of the witnesses of the claimants could not be adduced, to establish the nature and ext~nt of the Spanish title. This is corroborated by the terms of the second deed of the Indians, which includes the land between the Wakulla and St. Marks, where they speak of the grant as conveying ' all the right" they
had "retained in the land to that time."
3. The governments of Spain and of the United States have had uniform and uninterrupted possession for at least fifty years, probably for seventy. This is in direct proof, in the evidence of Caro, Calderon and'Doyle, agents of the Spanish government and of the claimants, as to the period from 1787 to 1821. It was taken possession of in 1821 by General Jackson, for the United States, in pursuance of.the second article of the treaty with Spain; which expressly and separately cedes "all public edifices, fortifications, barracks, and other buildings which are not private property." The plssession thus taken, extended, at the time, to the territory around tbp. fort, as well as within the walls. The forest was cleared aWav from the earliest times; no building, however irifling, was erected there till 1827; General

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

77

(Mitchel et al. v. The United States.)

Jackson took possession as far as the point blank range of a thirty-two pounder. Under the well recognised Spanish law, this possession would give a prescriptive title. That title, by the Spanish law, was absolutely vested and accrued long before the Indian deed to Forbes. Institutes of Azo, 4. 2. 21. 1 White's New Rec. 347.
4. But supposing that the title of the Tnited States, thus derived, were not perfectly clear, it is made so by the express and explicit disclaimer of the appellants to this fortress and its appurtenances. This disclaimer was distinctly made, in argument, in this Court, by their counsel. It was so understood by the Court, and so stands recorded in their opinion. In that opinion (9 Peters, 733) it is said: "As to the land covered by the fort, and the appurtenances to some distance around it, it becomes unnecessary to inquire into the effect of the deed, as the counsel of the petitioners have in open Court disclaimed any pretensions to it." It might be thought that a relinquishment of even a pretension to this land, so explicit, would have preeluded the -present claim. Far from this, however, the appellants now seek to disclaim their disclaimer. They seek to represent it as a sacrifice of part to secure the residue; as a compromise. But it was no compromise. How could they compromise with this Court? It was an admission of a fact that could not be. denied; and one which, if persisted in, would have injuriously. affected their entfre claim. Throughout the whole proceedings in that case there is not a "pretension" set up to the land now in controversy; and the evidence which shows its fallacy, if any were wanting, proceeds, uncontradicted and unexplained, from their own witnesses.
5. Supposing, however, all these views to be erroneous; and supposing this Court does not sustain the correctness of one of these positions; does this. afford ground for setting aside this decree? It' does not. If the judgment of the Court were wrong in assigning to.the United States this property as "public land," that is an error of the Supreme Court: the Court below could not inquire into it: it could not grant any part of the prayer of the petitioners :.it had the limited duty to perform of executing the decree of the Court, not of examining questions connected with the merits of that decree. It is an answer to
G 2

SUPREME COURT.
[Mitchel et aL v. The United States.]
every ground of objection to say, that it is one with which the Court below had nothing to do. Ex parte Sibbald, 12 Peters, 492. The decision of the Supreme Court in 1835,. was final on every point now sought to be raised, in regard to the title to the fort of St. Marks and its appurtenances. The sole question, then. left open, was the extent of those appurtenances. By what authority could the Court below have decided, as the claimants require, that there was no land appurtenant to the fort; when the Supreme Court had expressly said,.that the "territory adjacent and appurtenant to the' fortress is reserved for the use of the United States?" By what authority could the Court below have declared that the 'fort and its appurtenances bad been abandoned by the United States, and had reverted to the claimants; when the Supreme Court, after having before it the same evidence of abandonment which the Court below had, declared that, so far from reverting to the claimants, it was still a part of "the public land" of the United States? The object of the Supreme Court, in remitting the proceedings to the Court below, was merely to carry into effect its decree; -and to inquire into a single fact necessary to the proper execution of that decree. It was not to review what the Supreme Court had done; to examine rights already examined by this tribunal; to ascertain facts already set forth in the record they had before them; to decide upon- conflictfng and intricate questions of title. Had the Court below done any of these things, as the appellants demanded it should do, then indeed it would have erred. The duty of a Court below, to whom a decree of this Court is sent, is limited solely to the duty of executing that decree.
It is submitted, therefore, that unless it has been shown (as it certainly has not) that a distance of fifteen hundred varas is incorrectly stated to be the extent of the appurtenances of a Spanish fort; then the decree of the Court below, directing the Surveyor General to lay off the land to that extent, was correct; and there is no ground for this appeal.
Mr. Webster, for the appellants. The writers on public law declare that the range of a cannon shot fron' a fort shall be the territory appurtenant to a fort, so. as to prevent the erection of buildings, or any obstacles to the

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

79

(Mitchel et al. v. The United States.]

uses of the fort. ,The Court below, were therefore wrong, when they gave the right to the soil within the range of a cannon shot; unless the mandate of this Court gave to the United States the right to the soil, instead of the ordinary uses of it, connected with the fortification; the eminent domain of the United States was in the land on which the fort was placed; this was essential to the property in the fort, but no more than this; and the Court did not intend to go any further than to secure to the United States the full use of the fort of St. Marks. Why should the Court give a right to the soil of the surrounding land, when the servitude of it was all that is necessary; and it is all that in similar cases has been claimed and used by the Spanish government, and all that the government of the United States have required?
It is contended, that the whole object of the decree was to have ascertained what was necessary for the common and convenient use of the fort. The. Court, in the first instance, intended to secure the fort to the United States; other than the right of soil in the fort, the Court did not propose to determine. The construction now contended for by the Attorney General, would give to the United States jurisdiction. over all lands around a fort, within the range of a cannon shot, near the forts of the United States. Thus, the cities of New York. of Philadelphia, and Baltimore, would be under the jurisdiction of the United States. This has not been the understanding or practice. Jurisdiction over the forts has only been exercised, or asserted.
The mandate to the Superior Court of Middle Florida, directed that Court, in the first place, if there had been any grant from the Indians, or any proceeding of the Spanish govenment, which definitely and accurateiy fixed the extent of the fort, and of the reservation of the adjacent ground, to ascertain and determine the same. No grant, and no such proceedings were found.
It was authorized, secondly, to ascertain the extent of the use of the ground,rofind the fort, by the Spanish authorities. This could have been ascertained: evidence to this, was taken by the order of the Court, and it is abundant on the record. That evidence fully sustains the claim of the appellants; and the Court should have decided the boundaries of Fort St. Marks, and the extent of "adjacent lands, which were considered held by the Spanish government, or the commandant of the fort,

SUPREME COURT.
[Mitchel et at. v.The United States.]
as annexed to the fortress for military purposes," according to that evidence.
When the Spanish government confirmed the grant to John Forbes and Company, no reservation was made of Fort St. M.rkn. This is conclusive on the United States, and should inducd'this Court to decide this case in favour of the appellants. The evidence of the commandant of the fort, while it was under the Spanish government, is, that 'the land belonged to John Forbes and Company.
What are the laws of nations, on this subject. Cited, Burlemaqui, part 3, sect. 25-29. Puffendorf, b. 8, ch. 5, sect. 7.
The true position of this case is this: When the confirmation was made of the Indian grant, no reservation of the fort was made, and the appellants stand on the original grant; and the grantees having acquired the whole of the land, they rest on their rights thus acquired. It is admitted that after the grant by the Indians, Spain had a right to establish on the lands, and did establish, the fort of St. Marks, on the same. Spain is, therefore, bound to show the extent of her invasion of the land of the grantees of the Indians; -and. now, the United States, having come in under Spain, is bound to the same.
The reference to the Superior Court of Florida, by the Supreme Court, did not impose on that Court the duty of ascertaining to whom the land circumjacent to the fort belonged. The command was to determine how much adjacent land was required for the use of the fort. As has been said, the uase of the ground around the fortress was all that was required for the fortress; and this did not necessarily carry with it the right in the soil.
Mr. Justice WAYNn delivered the opinion of the Court. This case arises upon the mandate of this Court on the case of Colin Mitchel and others v. The United States, reported in 9 Peters, 711. In that case, it will be seen, that the lands claimed by the plaintiffs were in different tracts, and that this Court, in confirming the title of the plaintiffs, excepted from one of them the fortress of St. Marks, and "the territory directly and immediately adjacent and appurtenant thereto," which were reserved for the United States. The Court further decreed, that the territory

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

81.

rMitchcl et al. v. The United States.]
thus described, shall be that which was ceded by the Indian proprietors to the crown of Spain, for the purpose of erecting the said fort: provided the boundaries of said cession can be ascertained. If the boundaries of the, said cession cannot now be ascertained, then the adjacent lands, which were considered and held by the Spanish government, or the commandant of the post, as annexed to the fortress, for military purposes, shall be still considered as annexed and reserved with it, for the use of the United States. If no evidence can be obtained to designate th extent of the adjacent lands, which were considered as annexed to St. Marks, as aforesaid, then so much land shall be comprehended in this exception, as, according to military usage, was attached generally to forts in Florida, or tle adjacent colonies. If no such military usage can be proved, then it is ordered and decreed, that a line shall be extended from the point of junction between the rivers St. Marks and Wakulla, to the middle of the river St. Marks, below the junction, thende extending up the middle of each river, three miles in a direct line, without computing the courses thereof; and that the territory comprehended within a direct line, to be run so as to connect the points of termination on each river, at the end of the said three miles up each river; and the two lines to be run as aforesaid, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be the territory reserved, "as adjacent and appurtenant to the fortress of St. Marks;" and as such reserved for the use of the United 'States. To which, the claim of the petitioner is rejected; and as to which, this Court decree, that "the same is a part of the public lands 6f the United States."
The Court then reverses the decree of the Court below, declaring it to be reversed and annulled in all matters therein contained, Wth th ,exception"aforesaid; and proceeding to render such decree as the Court below ought to have rendered, decreed the claim of the petitioners valid, to all the land claimed, except to such part as it had excepted. The clerk of this Court is directed to certify its decree to the Surveyor GenerM of Florida, with directions to survey and lay off the lands described in the petition of the claimant, according to the lines, boundaries, and description thereof in the several deeds of cession, grant, and confirmation by the Indians or Governor of West Florida, filed

82

SUPREME COURT.

[Mitchel et el. v. The United State&]
as exhibits in the cause, or referred to in the record thereof; excepting, nevertheless, such part of the tract granted in 1811, lying east of the tract granted in 1804 and 1806, as is hereby declared to be the territory of the United States, pursuant to the exception hereinbefore mentioned, and to make return thereof, according to law, as to all the lands comprehended in the three first herein mentioned tracts; and as to the tract last mentioned, to survey, and in like manner to lay off the same, As soon as the extent of the land excepted and reserved for the use of the United States shall be ascertained in the manner directed. And the Court directs that the land excepted and reserved, shall be aseertained
and determined, by the Superior Court of the middle district of Florida, in such manner and by such process as is prescribed by the acts of Congress, relating to the claims of.lands in Florida; the Court rendering thereupon such judgment or decree as to law shall appertain.
This mandate was filed by the plaintiffs in the Superior Court of Middle Florida. They afterwards filed a bill, claiming from the Court a confirmation of their title to the land excepted, up to the walls of the fort of St. Marks; assert this claim, upon the ground of the laws, usages, and military practice, -in the various colonies of Spain;'and then, in an amended bill, they ask the Court to decree to them, the fee in the land covered by the fort, as well as that adjoining and appurtenant, because they say the laild on which the fort is erected was oiginally obtained from the Indians, for the purpose of erecting a fortification, to be occupied and used as such, for that express purpose and no other. The attorney of the United States filed exceptions and an answer to the bills of the plaintiffs, alleging, among other things, that all the points in dispute between the-United States and the plaintiffs, concerning the land they claimed, had been settled by the decision and'mandate in the original case; and that the only object
of this Court, in referring the mandate to the Court below, was, that it might ascertain the extent and boundaries of the tract of land which includes the fortress of St. Marks, and the territory adjacent; to which the claim of the petitioner had been rejected, and which had been reserved for the use of the United States.
On these pleadings, and the evidence taken in it, the cause -was tried. The Court expresses the opinion, that the boundaries

JANUARY :TERM, 1841.

83

[Mitchel et al. v. The United State&]

of the territory ceded by the Indians to Spain, for the purpose of erecting the fortress of St. Marks, cannot now be ascertained; that no evidence can now be obtained to designate the extent of the adjacent lands which were considered as annexed to the fort, by the crown of Spain, or the commandant of the post; but declares there is sufficient evidence of the military usage of Spain, to determine the extent of ]and adjacent to forts in Florida,. which were usually attached to said forts. The Court proceeds to say the extent of such reservations was determined by a
radius of fifteen hundred Castilian varas, from the salient angles of the covered way all round the works; or, there being no covered way, from the salient angles of the exterior line of the ditch. A decree is made by the Court, conformably with this opinion, from which the plaintiffs appeal.
It is urged for the appellants, that as the sale from the Indians to Forbes and Company calls for the St. Marks river as- the eastern boundary of the cession and grant; and as the title to the land was in the Indians, with only a pre-emptive right to the ultimate fee in the soil in the King of Spain, with the additional fight of assenting to, or rejecting sales, by th Indians; that if no formal cession, or transfer of the land, upon which the fort is erected, can be found from the Indians to Spain, before the sale to Forbes and Company, confirmed, as it was, by the authorities of Spain, without any exception of the site of the fort' or land appurtenant to it, that the adjacent land up to the walls of the fort belongs to the claixqants, and the site of the fort also, in the event of its abandonment as a fortification; that the right to the site would have been consummated in the cfaimants, in virtue of the sale by the Indians, if it had been disused as a fortress by Spain before Florida was ceded to the United States; and that the latter could only hold it for the same use, or as Spain held it; and. now having been discontinued by the United States as a fortress, that the claimants were entitled to it in fee. It was also said, that the Spanish g6vernment recognised by its laws the ownership of lands to the walls of forts; and that military usage, in Florida, and the adjacent colonies, permitted it.
The case before us does not require any discussion upon the nature and extent of the property held by the Florida Indians in these lands under Spain. That was satisfactorily done in the

SUPREME COURT.
[Mitchel et al. v. The United States.]
decision given by this Court in the original case, 9 Peters. It was then shown, that the Indians "held under Great Britain and Spain, a right of property in these lands, which could not be impairedwithout a violation of the laws of both, and the sanctity of repeated treaties." 9 Peters, 756. "That Spain did not consider the Indian right to be that of mere occupancy and perpetual possession, but a right of property in the lands they held under the guaranty of treaties; which were so highly respected, that in the establishment of a military post by a royal order, the site thereof was either purchased from the Indians, or occupied with th1eTirhpeseermission, as that of St. Marks." 9 Peters, 752.
extracts present the claim of the appellants under their
Indian title, and confirmation of it by Spain, in its strongest light. The last of them is particularly applicable to th e point in controversy.
It is then to be determined whether the Court below, in its judgment, has rightly apprehended and executed the mandate of this Court. -
The meaning of the mandate may be ascertained from the instrument itself; but the reasons which induced the Court to make it, are to be found in the. evidence contained in the original record. The Court will now do what it did in the case of Sibbald, 12 Peters, 493. It said, "To ascertain the true intention of the decree and mandate of this Court, the decree of the Court below, and of this Court, and the petitioners' title, must be taken into consideration." In 10 Wheat. 431, this Court says, "The proceedings in the original suit are always before the Court, so far as to determine any new points between the parties."
From the evidence then adduced by the claimants in the original.case, it appeared that when the Floridas were retroceded to Spain, by England, September, 1793, that Panton, an English merchant, resided at St. Augustine, and traded with the Indians in East Florida. Rec. 114. In 1784, Governor Mero, finding it necessary to cultivate trade with the Indians, gave permission to one Mather to bring two vessels from London, direct to Pensacola and Mobile, laden with goods of British manufacture, to supply the Indians. In July, 1784, Panton applied to Governor Zespedes for leave to remain in the province, with permission to

JANUARY TERIM, 1841.

85

.[Mitchel et al. v. The United States.]

import from Great Britain such articles as the Indian trade requirbd, and to export peltries received in payment. Rec. 157. A royal order was passed on the 8th May, 1786, (Rec. 160,) allowing Panton and his partners to remain in Florida, on their taking the oatli of alliegance, and permitting them to trade with the Indians. They were allowed to send a ship, annually, to Pensacola, with-British goods, and to take back peltries. Rec. 118. In 1787 or 1788, (Rec. 162. 304,) they were allowed to erect a storehouse on the river St. Marks, to collect their peltries; and the vessel frorf Pensacola was permitted to go there to load them. In 1789, Panton. was intrusted with the exclusive trade, (Rec. 118. 250;) and in 1791, received a special royal license.. The year after, an 'attack was made by the Indians, underBowles, on Panton's store, on the river St. Marks, and- much property taken away. -The same kind of outrage was repeated .in 1800, with heavy loss to Panton and his associates. The Indians algo owed them a laige sum for goods. Forbes sicceeded Panton in the trade which the latter began with the Indians, and *as the assignee of his claims.upon the .Indians. In January, 1801, (Rec. 56,) he informs the Marquis Casa Calvo, that he had been negotiating with the Indians to cede lands in payment of the debt, and in satisfaction for the outrages committed by them on the store at St. Marks. -The Governor countenanced the negotiatibn. In 1804, Inverarity, an agent of Forbes, informed Governor Folch that the Indians had agreed to sell the land, and asks his consent to complete the purchase. The consent was given. On the 25ih May, a deed was made, and in August, in .a full Indian council,'held at St: Marks, the Governor being present, the sale was ratified. This was Forbes's first purchase. It
embraced the land between the Appalachicola and Wakulla, extending several miles up the rivers. The boundaries of this first purchase were run and fixed by the Indians, in 1806. All the surveys being completed ivithin that year, Governor Folch confirmed the' grant, and gave the grantees possession. Rec. 618. 622. 74. In January, 1811, a-new negotiation was made with the Indians, and they agreed to sell additional strips of land on the western, northern, and eastern sides of the first purchase; but the cession was of "all the right the Indians had retained in the land until that time.' The eastern addition embraced
VOL. XV.-H

86

SUPREME COURT.

[Mitchel et al. v. The United State.]

the land from the Wakulla to the St. Marks, and down the latter to the sea; thus including the point between the two rivers. This second cession was also confirined by Governor Folch, in June, 1811. Thus matters stood, the cession .being known as Forbe's's land; and the fort of St. Marks continuing to be garrisoned by Spain until it was surrendered to the United States, under the treaty. The history of the grants to the claimants having been traced, it is here necessary to give that of the fortress of St. Marks, as it is to be collected from the evidence in the original case.
In the record, 123, a *despatch from the Marquis of Casa Calvo shows that during the possession of Florida by the English, the fort of St. Marks had been a military post; though it had been abandoned, and suffered to go to decay. Shortly after its retrocession fo Spain, the latter extended the jurisdiction of West Florida,-so as to include the site of the fort. Rec. 189. In May, 1785, Count Galvas issued an order to repair the old fdrt at St. Marks, and a detachment 9 f troops was ordered to it from Pensacola. - Rec. 306. This detachment was cut off, or driven away by the Indians. Rec. 582. But in the spring- of 1787, (Rec. 19s. 366,) a royal order was issued, directing the permanent establishment :of the fort. "It is notorious and public," (Rec. 233,) says Governor Folch, the principat witness of the claimants, and the person who gave them possession of their whole pirchase, "that at the establishment of the fort of St. Marks, at Appalachia in the year 1787, all the solemnity and requisites were observed to obtain from the Indians in sale, the lands necessary to that object." Benigno de Calderon, who was. then an officer of the Spanish government, twice refers to the -fact, that not merely a Ymilitary post itself, "but the quantity of land needed to preserve it;" and what he calls " the circle of. jurisdiction of a fortified 14ce;" was severed froffi the Indian land, and vested in the government of Spain. Rec. 570. 582.
Immediately after'the sale of which Governor Folch speaks, the fort was constructed by Spain, at a heavy expense. So were the public stores. The evidence of the claimantsshows at least two hundred thousand dollars were expended upon these works. Calderon says there vas a regular Spanish ganison there from 1787 to 1818. Caro says the Governor exercised

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

87

[Mitchel et al. v. The Uhited States.]

both civil and military jurisdiction. When 'Florida was ceded to the United States, St. Marks was given up as a military fortress of*the King of Spain. Such is the history of the fortress of St. Marks, taken from the testimony and the witnesses of the claimants in the original case. Is it surprising then, that the Court in its mandate should have excepted the fort and land directly adjacent to it from its confirmation of the claimant's title to the lands bought by them from the Indians? The king's royal order to establish a fort at St. Marks, the occupancy of the fortress for more than twenty years before any grant was made to Forbes, tyenty-five years before the grant was made, which includes it, and forty years occupation of it with the use of the land adjacent; seemed to the Court to be inconsistent with the idea that ii was intended to be included in the sale by the Indians, or by the confirmation of that sale by Governor Folch. It must be remembered, also, that when Governor Folch gave possession of the land to the grantees, that the fort was retained, and that the land, to the extent at least of what is termed the circle of military jurisdiction had been clearedi and that the grantees, though living by permission for protection of .themselves and their trade, within-that circle, never exercised by cultivation or otherwise any acts of ownership over any part of it. Besides, the Court was advised, when the decision in the original case was made, that by the laws of the Indies, reservations of lands were made appurtenant to forts, though the extent of such reservations was not known. It was then, however, a subject of inquiry, and would.no doubt have been fully investigated; if the counsel for the claimant had not admitted in his argument, that the Indiah title for the sale of the fort of St. Marks, had been extinguished by a negotiation made by the Governor of West Florida. In the opinion of the Court, given by Mr. Justic6 Baldwin, is found, the following paragraph: "It'is bbjected that the grant of 1811 is invalid, because it comprehends the fort of St. Marks, then actually occupied by the troops of the king. 'It is in full proof that the site of St. Marks and ihe adjacent country was within the territory claimed by the Seminole Indians. Rec. 12. 131. 603-607. 618.. It is not certain, from the evidence, whether it was purchased from the Indians, or merely occupied by their permission; there seems to be no written evi-

88

SUPREME COURT.

CMitchel et aL v. The United States.]

dence of the purchase, butno witn6ss asserts that possession was taken adversely to the Indian claim, and it is clearly proved to have been amicably done. Rec. 2 2. 306. 581. Whether the Indians had a right to giant this particular spot then or not, cannot affect the validity of the deeds to the residue of the lands conveyed in 1811. The grant is good so far as it interfered with "noprior right of the crown, according to the principles settled by this Court, in numerous cases, arising on grants by North Carolina and Georgia, extending partly over the Indian boundary, which have uniformly been held good, as to whatever land was within the line established betdeen the state and the Indian territory. Wear v. Danforth, 9 Wheat. 673. Patterson v. Jenckes, 2 Pet. 216 ; and Winn and Patterson, decided by the Supreme Court of the United States. As to the land covered by the fort and appurtenances, to some distance around it, it became unnecessary to inquire into the effect of the deeds, as the counsel of the 5etitioners have in open Court disclaimed any pretensions to it." It is not, however, upon this disclaimer of the claimants' counsel, that the Court relies to sustain the judgment of the Court below upon the mandate. It is cited only to them to show that the subject matter of the present'controversy was considered by the Court. That the Court, not knowing at that time what should be the reservation appurtenant to the fort of St. Marks, directed it to be ascertained, and excepted it absolutely fromn the grant of the claimants; declaring it to be a part of the public lands of the United States. The object of the Court, was to put these claimantsin respect to the lands which they claimed, in the dondition they would have been, if Florida had not been ceded to the Uniied States. It was the intention of the Court, in the language of.the treaty, to put them in possession of the lands, to the same extent tifat the same grants would be valid, if the territories had remained under the dominion of his Catholic Majesty. Can it be supposed for a moment, when the king, by his royal order, -directed' the Intendant General of Cuba, to inquire into the subject of the indemnity which should be made to the house of Panton, Leslie, and Company, for services to the crown and for Indian depredations, that he would have sanctioned, or that the Intendant General would have ventured to propose a cession of land, including public stores and a fortress,

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

89

(Mitchel etaL v.The United Statem]

which had been buili at a great expense, at an important point on the coast, which was essential to control and keep the Indians in subjection, and all-important to resist external attack.-
Does any one believe, when Governor Folch sanctioned the purchases, confirmed and gave possession of the lands to Forbes! and Company, that he would have done either, if he had thought
he was giving to thein a title to the fort of St.'Marks, and its circle of military jurisdiction, against theking; or that the Captain General of Cuba, to "whom Governor Folch *reported his proceedings in this matter, would have approved and declred that the king would confirm them; if he had supposed that he was permitting the Indians to sell a.fortress, then garrisoned by the troops of Spain, fnd'which had been so for more than twenty years? Is it not certain nothing of the kind was intended, when it is remembered that Governor Folch, who superintended the sale of the land, marked out its boundaries, and gave possession

of it to the original grantees, says: "It is notorious and public,

that at the establishment of the fort of St. Marks, at Appalachia,

in. the year 1787, all the solemnities and requisites were observed,

to obtain from the Indians in sale, the lands necessary to that

object ?"'

We will not enter into the question;how far the appropriation

of the land for a fortress, by order of the government, extin-

guished the Indian title. It might be done successfully, upon the

positions taken by this Court in respect to the rights of European

-monarchs to Indian lands in North America,.in Johnson and

M'Intosh, 8 Wheat. We are inclined to put this case upon fapts

disclosed by the claimants'.evidence in the former cause, and *the

inferences and arguments which may be drawn from them, be-

cause the Court did not do so, in its decision, in cdisequence of

the admission of counsel, "that the -land covered by the fort

and appurtenances, to some distance around it," were not con-

tended for.

In addition to what has been said, however, in respect to Si.

Marks, and the appurtenant land, not being within the granit

from the Indians to the claimants, we remark, that the subject

may be satisfactorily disposed of, by a reference to the second

article of the treaty with Spain. "His Catholic Majesty cedes to

the United States, in full property and sovereignty, all the ter-

H2

12

90

SUPREME COURT.

[Mithel et al. v. The United States.]

ritories which belong to him, situated to the eastward of the Mississippi, known by the name of East and West Florida; the
adjacent islands dependent on said provinces ; all public lots, and squares, vacant lands, public edifices, fortifications, barracks, and other buildings, which are not private property." In the construction of this article, it will be admitted, that the last member of the sentence cannot refer to any of the enumerated cessions, notorious as public property, or that it must be confined to the terms, "1other buildings in connexion with it." The treaty then secures to the United States the fort of St. Marks, and so much land appurtenant to it as, according to military usage,was attached generally to forts in Florida, or the adjacent colonies. Was there any sudh psage, and has it been established by sufficient testimony to sustain the judgment of the Court below? We think there was, and that the proofs are sufficient. At the instance of the claimants, the testimony of the director of engine rs was taken by order of the Governor General Tacon. His evidence on the record before us, is that, " a radius of 1,500 Castilian varas, is measured from the salient angles of th'e covered way, all around the fortification." That such was the rule, is confirmed by a document introduced by the claimants, 'as evidence in this case. In 18o i a petition was presented to Governor White, for a grant of land at Macariz. He referred it to the chief engineer. The engineer .reported it to be within one thousand five hundred yards of the castle, "that it cannot be cultivated in corn, nor can ditches, or thorn fences be allowed; that plants of a low growth, and vegetables may be permitted to be cultivated, and it may be allowed for the security of the produce to erect simple post and rail fences, which may be sufficient to prevent animals from breaking in." Under these restrictions, it was granted; -o that it could only be used in such a way, as could not interfere with the defensive and offensive power of the castle. Several witnesses were examined on this point: all of them concur in saying a fortress cannot be defended, unless it has the command of the ground around it, to a considerable extent. Colonel Murat gives as 14e.usage of the European armies, that from the salient angles ot the covered way, a radius of three thousand, four hundred yards. s marked, in whiich it is not permitted to erect any permanent buildings, or embankment, or stone fences, or

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

91

EMitchel et alv..The United Star.]

ditches. We know it, also, to be the usage of all civilized nations, to assert such rights over the ground adjacent to fortifications, in a time of war. It is reasonable, then, to conclude, that European monarchs, in the construction of permanent fortifications, in the new world, upon Indian lands before it had been granted by 'the sovereign, or permitted to be alienated ly the Indian, intended to appropriate so much of the land adjaceni to a fortification as was necessary to defend it. That it was so intended in the instance of St. Marks, is strongly corroborated by the testimony of Col. Butler, who says the woods had been cleared away by the authorities at St. Marks, to the distance of a mile and a half Ifrom the walls. Another witness says, no buildings were erected outside of,thefort, before 1827, and then, by permission of the United States. It is hard to resist the conclusion, that such a clearing before the sale by the Indians, without the cultivation or occupancy of any part of it, by the grantees, from the time of the Indian sale, to the surrender of the fort to the United States, does not indicate an intention upon .the part of the authoiities of Spain, to reserve some land adjacent to the fort for military purposes; and the acquiescence of the purchasers, that though withi the boundaries of the grant,. the fort and land attached to it by military usage was not intended to be conveyed. Nor can we admit, as it was argued by the counsel of the appellants, that the instances cited in the record of grants of land, up to the walls of fortifications, by the Spanish authorities in Florida and Louisiana, disprove the existence of a military usage to reserve land adjacent to forts in them. Those instances are exceptions out of the military laws of Spain, as contained in the royal ordinances; which declare that "a radius of one thousand, five hundred varas is measured from the salient angles of the covered way." We do not think it necessary to remark further upon the opinion given by the chief engineer, in respect to the manner in which such titles were acquired to land adjacent to fortifications, or the extent of the military jurisdiction over them, than to observe the fact of certain reservation being declared by him, as a fact;$we require something more than his conclusion or inference, that there was no reservation according to the military usage and orditiances of Spain, in the instance of St. Markf.

92

SUPREME COURT.

[?itchel et a. v. The United State.]

Our opinion is, that the Court below has fully apprehended and executed the judgment of this Court; and its judgment is accordingly affirmed.

This case camd on to be heard, on the transcript of the record from the Superior Court of the middle district of Florida, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is ordered and decreed by this Court, that the decree of the said Superior Court in this caue be, and the same is hereby, affirmed.

THE DECISIONS
OF THE
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES,
AT
JANUARY TERM, 1841.

JAMES MOODY VAUGHAN AND OTHERS, APPELLANTS, VS. HENRY NORTHup, ADMINISTRATOR OF JAMES MOODY, DECEASED, AND OTHERS.

An administrator, appointed, and deriving his authority from another state, is not liable to be sued. in the District of Columbia, in his official character, fdr assets, lawfully received by him in the District, under, and in virtue of his original letters of adminis-

tration.

Every grant of administration is'strictly confined in its authority and operation to the

limits of the territory of the government which grants it, and doeh not, de jure, extend

to other countries. It cannot confer, as a matter of right, any authority to collect

assets of the deceased, in any other state; and whatever operation is allowed to it beyond the original territory of the grant, is a mere matter of courtey, which every

nation is'at liberty to yield or to withhold, according to its own policy and'pleasure,

with reference to its own institutions,.and the interests of its own cilizdps. The administrator is exclusively bound to account for all the assets which'he receives

under, and by virtue of his administration, to, the proper tribunals of the government

under which he derives his authority. The tribunals of other states have no right to interfere with, or control the application of those assets according to the lex loci. Hence it has become an established doctrine, that an administrator cannot, in his

official capacity, sue for any debts due to his intestate, in the Courts of another State;

and that he is not liable to be sued in that capacity, in the Courts of the lattt'r, by

any creditor, for any debt due there byhis intestate.

The debts due from the government of the United States, have no locality at the ;eat.

of government. The United States, in their sovereign capacity, have no partie. far

place of domicile: but possess, in contemplation of law, an ubiquity throughout tie

Union; and the debts due by them are not to be treated like the debts of a priva e

debtor, which constitute local assets in his own domicile.

The administrator of a creditor of the government, duly appointed in the state where

he was domiciliated at his death, has full authority to receive payment, and give a

full discharge of the debt due to his intestate, in any place where the gouernment

may choose to pay it; whether it be at the seat of government, or at any other place

where the funds are deuDeited.

VOL. XV.-

1

SUPREME COURT.
[Vadghan et a].v. Northup et id.]
The act of Congress, of Sane,1822, authorizes any person to whom lettersestamentary or of administration have been granted, in the States of the United States, to prosecute claims by suit in the Couttsef the District of Columbia, in the same manner as if the same had been granted"to such personis by the proper authority in the District of Columbia. The power is limited by its terms to the institution of suits; and does not authorize suits against an executori or administrator. The effect of t" 'law was to make alldebts due by persons in the District, net local assets, for which the administrator was bound to account in the Courts of the District; but general assets, which he had full authorityto receive, and for which he was bound to account in the Courts of the state from which he? derived his letters of administration.
The case of Kane vs. Paul, 14 Peter%, 33, cited.
-ON appeal from the Circuif Court of the United States for Alexandria; in the District of Coluibia.
A bill -was filed on -the equity ide of the Circuit 'Court of the District of Columbia, stating that the. complainants are the next of kin and distributees of James Moody, deceased, who resided in Kentucky at the time of his death: that the defendant, Northup, took out letters of administration on the estate of said Moody, in the proper court in Kentucky, and by virtue of said letters claimed and received from the government of the United States a -large sum of money, to wit, fiftytwo hundred dollars. The bill further stated that the complainants reside in Virginia; that Northup was in the District of Columbia at the time of filing the bill; (and Northup was actually found in said District, as appears by the marshal's iethrn of the subpcona;) and that the other defendants reside in Kentucky, and pretend to be the next' of kin and distributees of said Moody. The bill prays an account of said estate against said Northup, and distribution of theassets received from the United States, &e. Northup ahswered, and pleaded to the jurisdiction of the Court on the ground that he was only responsible to the Court in Kentucky, in which he had obtained letters of administration : he then went on and answered the bill-at large, denying all its material allegations. The other defendants also came inland answered the bill. The complainants ordered the plea of Northup to the jurisdiction of the Court to be set down for argument; and upon the argument, the Court below ordered the bill of complaint.to be dismissed.
The complainants appealed to the Supreme Court.

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

3

[Vaughn et aL v.Northup et ].]

The case was argued by Mr. Brent, for the appellants; and by
Mr. Coxe, for the appellee. Mr. Brent stated that the question was, whether a foreign
administrator, one who had taken out letters of adnministration in another state, can come into the District of Columbia, and receive money in the District, and was hot answerable for the amount so received in the District.
The apptilee, Henry Northup, was in the District when the suit was brought.
It is admitted, that at common law, an administrator is only liable to account where the administration is granted. But this rule should not be applied to cases in the District of Columbia. There would be a peculiar hardship in.the rule, if it is applied here. A small amount of security might be taken on the granting letters of administration; and on those letters, a large amount of assets might be received out of the state granting the same. The creditors and next of kin would have no relief against the sureties of such an administrator.
An act of Congress of the 24th of June, 1812, authorizes administrators from other states of the Union, to collect money and institute suits in the District of Columbia. This places the foreign administrator on the same footing as.if letters had been granted to him in the District of Columbia, and places him under the same responsibilities. The Court is bound to take notice
of foreign administrators coming .into. the district. Khne v. Paul, 14 Peters, 33.
Thus, no adminisfration to the effects of Moody could be obtained in this District, after the granting of the letters to Northup in Kentucky; but the funds were all received uere by the administrator: and the Court will administer the assets, at the place where they have been received, and at the place of suit. 11
Massachusetts Reports, 264. A legatee can sue the adminis ator, when he obtains the assets. 4 Mass. 344. 3 Peters' Rep. 144. Story's Conflict of Laws, 1st ed., 425, declares that non-resident claimants are to .be regarded in the same manner as residents. Cited, I Mason, 381. 1 Story's Conflict of Laws, sect. 534. 531. 588.
The act of Congress of 1821, gives jurisdiction to the Courts of the District of Columbia, in all cases in lUw or equity, where

4

SUPREME COURT.

[Vaughn et aL v.Northup et aL]

both, or either of the parties are residents within the District of Columbia. The Probate Courts of Kentucky have not exclusive jurisdiction over the distribution of assets. 1 A. K. Marshall's Rep. 459.
As to the pleadings, cited, Livingston v. Story, 11 Peters, 393. Milford's Pleading, 305, 309.
Mr. Coxe, for the a~pellees. In the case of Livingston v. Story, there was a plea-to th;, disability of the plaintiff. The objection in this case is to the jurisdiction:of the Circuit Court of the District of Columbia; in the matter of this administratoi, and the distribution of the assets, which must be made, as a great portion of them has already been made, in the state of Kentucky."
The act of Congress of 1812, does no more than authorize. administrators of other states to sue ip the District of Cbliunbia; this was necessary, in consequence of the ] rge claims in the District, frem every part of the Union. The act goes no further than this; and not to abrogate all the laws prpvailing on the subject. * The law never intended to oblige a foreign administrator to stand a suit here; it would be vastly-injurious, if such should be the law.
The act giving jurisdiction to the Courts of the United States, in the District of Columbia, cannot-receive the construction given to it by the counsel for the appellants; the jurisdiction is given in caseg properly cognisable in the Courts, when one of the parties is in the District. Cited, Story's Conflict of Laws, sect. 422. 5i. 515.
Tle argument for the appellants is, that as the money was received in the District of Columbia, it is to be distributed and administered according to the laws of the District. -It is important that this question shall be settled. This -%as a claim in the hands of an administrator in Kentucky, of a debt due to a citizen of Virginia, by the state of Virginia, for military services, for which the United States had agreed to pay. Is this tobring the fund, because it was received in the District, subject to the laws of the District?

Mr. Justice STORY delivered the dpinion of the Court. This is an appeal from a decree of the Circuit Court of the District of Columbia, sitting, for the county of Washington, disi

JANUARY TERM, 1841.
[Vaughn et aL v. Northup et al]
missing a bill in equity, brought by the appellants against the appellees.
The facts, so far as they are necessary to be stated upon the present occasion, are, that one James Moody, an inhabitant of Kentucky, died in that state about the year 1802, intestate, without leaving any children; that in May or June, 1833, the defendant, Northup, obtained letters of administration upon .his estate from the proper Court of Jefferson county, in Kentucky; and afterwards under and in virtue of those letters of administration, he received from the treasury of the United States the sum of five thousand two hundred and fifteen dollars and fifty-six cents; for money due to the intestate, or his representatives, for military .services rendered during the revolutionary war. The present bill was brought by the appellants, claiming to be the next of kin, and heirs of the intestate, for their distributive shares of the said money, against Northup -as administrator; and the other defendants, who are made parties, are asserted to be adverse claimants, as next of kin and distributees. At the hearing of the cause in the Court bel6w; the same .having been set down for argument upon the answer of Northup, denyiig thejurisdiction of the Court; the bill was ordered to be dismissed for want ofjurisdiction; and from that decree the present appeal has been taken.
Under these circumstances the question is broadly presented whether an administrator, appointed and deriving his authority from another state, is liable to be sued here, in his official character, for assets lawfully received by him under and in virtue of his original letters of administration. We are of opinion, both upon principle and authority, that he is not. Every grant of adninistration is strictly confined in its authority and operation to the limits of the territory of the government which grants it'
and does not, de jure, extend to other countries. It cannot confer, as a matter of right, any authority to collect assets of the deceased in any other state; and whatever operation is allowed to it beyond the original territory of the grant is a mere matter of cornity, which every nation is at liberty to yield or to withhold, according-to its own policy and pleasure, with reference to its own institutions and the interests of its own citizens. On the other .hand, the administrator is exclusively bound to account for all
A2

SUPREME COURT.
[Vaughn et a. v. Northup et aL.]
the assets which he receives under and in virtue of his administration to the proper tribunals of the government from which he derives his authority; and the tribunals of other states have no right to interfere with or to control the application of those assets, according to the lex loci. Hence it has become an established doctrine that an administrator, appointed in one state, cannot, in his official canacity, sue for any debts due to his intestate in the courts of anuther state; and that he is not liable to be sued in that capacity in the Courts of the latter, by any creditor, for any debts due there by his intestate. The authorities to this effect are exceedingly numerous, both in England and America; but it seems to us unnecessary, in the present state of the law, to do more than to refer to the leading principle as recognised by this Court in Fenwick v. Sears, 1 Cranch, 259; Dixon's Executors v. Ramsay's Executors, 3 Cranch, 319; and Kerr iv. Moon, 9 Wheat. 565.
But it has been suggested that the present case is distinguishable, because the assets sought to be distributed were not collected in Kentucky, but were received as a debt due from the government at -the treasury department at Washington, and so constituted local assets within this District. We cannot yield our assent to the correctness of this argument. The debts due from the government of the United States have no locality at the seat of government. The United States, in their s6vereign capacity, have no particular place of domicile, but possess, in contemplation of law, an ubiquity throughout the Union; and the debts due by them are not to be treated like the debts of a private debtor, which constitute local assets in his own domicile. On the eontrary, the administrator of a creditor of the government, duly appointed in th'e state where he was domiciled at his death, has full authority to receive payment, and give a full discharge of the debt due to his intestate, in any place where the government may choose to pay it; whether it be at the seat of government, or at any other place where the public funds are deposited. If any other doctrine were to be recognised, the consequence would be, that before the personal representative of any deceased creditor, belonging to any state in the Union, would be entitled to receive payment of any debt due by the government, he would be compellable to take out letters of administration in this Dis.

JANUARY TERM, 1841.

7

[Vauglm et al.v. Northup et al.]

trict for the due administration of such assets. Such a doctrine has never yet been sanctioned by .anypractice of the government; and would be full of public as well as private inconvenience. It has not, in our judgment, any just foundation in the principles of law. We think that Northup, under the letters of administration taken out in kentucky, was fully authorized to receive the debt due from the government to his intestate; but the.moneys so received constituted assets under that administration, for which he was accountable to the proper tribunals in Kentucky; and that distribution thereof might have been, and should have been, sought there in the same manner as of any other debts due to the intestate in Kentucky.
It has also been supposed, that the act of Congress of the 24th of June, 1812, may well entitle the appellants to maintain the present suit; since it places a foreign administrator upon the footing of a domestic administrator, in the District of Columbia. That act provides that it shall be lawful for any person to whom letters testamentary" or of administration hafh been or may hereafter be granted by the.proper authority, in any of the United States or the territories thereof, to -maintain any suit or action, or to prosecute and recover any claim in the District of Columbia, in the same manner as if the letters testamentary or of admi nistration had been granted to such person by the proper authority, in the said District. It is observable, that this provision is limited by its terms to the maintenance of suits, and the prosecution and recovery of claims in the District, by any executor or administrator appointed under the authority of any state. It does not authorize any suits or actions in the District, against any such executor or administrator. Its obvious design was, therefore, to enable foreign executors and administrators to maintain suits, and to prosecute and recover claims in the District, not against the government alone, but against any persons whatever, resident within the District, who were indebted to the deceased, and to discharge the debtor therefrom, without the grant of any local letters of administration. In effzct, it made all debts due from persons within the District, not local assets, for which a personal representative would be liable to account in the Courts of the District; but general assets, which he had full authority to repeive, and for which he was bound to account in

8

SUPREME COURT.

[Vaughn et a]. v. Noirthup et a.]

the Courts of the state from which he derived his original letters of administration. Indeed, the very silence of the act as to any. liability of the personal representative to be sued in the Courts of the District for such assets, so received, would seem equivalent to a declaration that he was not to be subjected to any such liability. It fortifies, therefore,,rather than weakens the conclusion which is derivable from the general principles of law, upon this subject. The same view of the purport and objects of the act was taken by this Court, at the last term, in the case of Kane v. Paul, 14 Peters, 33.
Upon the whole, we arb of opinion that the Circuit Court was right in dismissing the bill for the want of jurisdiction; and, therefore, the decree is affirmed with costs.

This case came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington, and was argued by counsel.
On consideralibn whereof, it is ordered and decreed by this Court, that the decree of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed, with costs.

