SUPREME COURT.
'IZ IgMTZ STATES, APPELLANTS, V. THE H-IRS Or GzoRGE . F. CLARxE, AND THE HEIRS or GEORGE ATKINSON,
-APPELLEES,
A Florida land claim. A grant of fifteen thousand acres by the Spanish Governor of East Florida, in consideration of important services performed on behalf of the government of Spain, to George Atkinson, confirmed by the Supreme Court.
By the eighth article of the Florida Treaty, no grants of land, made after the 24th of SJanuary, 1818, were valid; nor could , survey be valid on lands other than those authorized by the grant. Still the power to survey, in conformity to the concessions, existed up to the change of flags.
Spain had the power to make grants founded on any consideration, and subject to any restrictions within her dominions. If a grant was binding on that government, it is so on the United States, the successor of Spain. All the grants of land made by the lawful authorities of the King of Spain, before the 24th of January, 1818, were, by the treaty, ratified and confirmed to the owners of the lands.
Cited, Arredondo's Case, 6 Peters, 706; and Percheman's Case, 7 Peters, 51; Sibbald's Case, 10 Peters, 321.
The grant to Atkinson was for the land hie mentioned in his petition, or for any other lands that were vacant. Three surveys were made of lands within the quantity granted, not at the place specially mentioned in the grant, but at other place& Held, that these surveys were valid, notwithstanding that they were made at difMarent places.
APPEAL from the Superior Court of East Florida.
This was an appeal from the decree of the Superior Court of East Florida, confirming the claims of the heirs of Clarke and Atkinson to fifteen thousand acres of land, under the acts for the adjustment of land-claims in Florida.
The claim was founded on a petition of George Atkinson, merchant of Fernandina, dated October 8, 1816; and a decree of Governor Coppinger thereon, dated October 20, 1816. The petition states many services rendered to government, and benefits conferred on the province; and prays that his excellency would be pleased "to grant 'him, in property, fifteen thousand acres of land in Cedar Swamp, and on the west of the lake named Upper Little Lake."
The governor's decree states, that, in consideration of the merits cited, he grants him, in property, the lands he solicits in the petition; and that the surveyor-general, will run them for him in

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

229

[The United States v. The Heirs of Clarke and Atkinson.]

the places he mentions, or in others that are vacant, and of equal

convenience to the party.

The originals, of the petition and decree were not produced in

evidence, neither are they to be found inthe archives at St. Augustine. A certified copy, under the hand of Thomas de Aguilar,

secretary of the government, (whose handwriting was proved,)

stated'to be faithfully drawn from th original in his office, was

alone offered; and was objected to on the pai$ of the appellants.

The objection was overruled.

-

There were also produced four several plats and certificates

of survey, maae by George J. F. Clarke, surveyor-general, for

George Atkinson.

1. Dated 20th January, 1818, for four thousand acres of land,

northwardly of Dunn's creek, which runs from Dunn's lake to

the river-St, John's, and above the crossing place of said creek.

2. Dated 12th March, 1818, for three thoiusand acres of land,

on the middle arm of Haw creek, which empties itself into

Dunn's lake, toward the east.

3. Dated 21st ?March, 1818,-for two thousand acrea of lan&, in

the place. called Dupon's hanimock,south.-easterly of Bowlegs'

prairie, and south-westwardlyo of Paynestown..

4. Dated 24th January, 1818, fcr six thousand acres, on Dar-

cey's creek, and extending from the natural bridge- of 8anta Fe,

on the road called Ray's trail.

The petition to the Court in this case, was filed on the 22d day

of May, 1829, in the name of George J. F. Clarke, for hims-elfi

and the heirs and legal representatives of George Atkinson, de-

ceased, an4 sets forth'the-grant.; and that the claim of Atkinson

had .betn filed before 'the land board of East Florida, who -re-

jected the same, but-,did not report it forged or .antedated; and

that he had legal right, under the said George Atkinson, to

acr~s, p'arcel of the said land.

On the 21st May,-1830, the district-attorney filed his answer,

which, inter alia, states; that "the petitioner had not shown whe-

ther or nof th6 said-Gebrge'Atkinson died intestate, or who are

the legal h~irs of the said George Atkinson, whether they are

minors or 6therwise, if any such there be; nor, indeed, has lie

expressly alleged that the said George Atkinson left any legal

heirs or representatives; or that any such now exist; nor has he

VOL. XVI.-U

2S0

SUPREME'COURT.

[The United States v.The Heirs of Clarke and Atkiuson.]

shown.any title in himself to the'said tract of land, or any part thereof; nor has he stated or get forth in his petition any bargain, sale, deed, or deeds -of,conveyance from the said George Atkinson, in his lifetime, or from any of the said-legal representatives -of the said George Atkinson, since his deith, to the said petitioner, to all or any part of the said lands, or in what right he claims, whether by gift, descent, devise, conveyance, 'or otherwise; and this respondent relies upon the aforesaid defects in the petition or bill of complaint, as matter of defence on the hegring of this cause." -
Clarke having died, his' heirs, on the 1tih day of July, 1840, filed a petiion to revive the suit, which was ordered accordingly on the 16th of July, 1840; and .the cause c~me on to be heard on the 20th day of.the same month. The counsel for the claimants then moved the Court that the cause might also proceed in the name of Philip R. Younge, and Mary Younge, his wife; Samuel Humphries, and Letitia Humphries, his wife; Jane Gains, widow of Dr. Joseph Gains; and Letitia Atkinson, heirs and legal representatives of George Atkinson; and, with the assent of the attorney of the United States, it was ordered accordingly.
No deed or conveyance, or evidence of any kind was offered, to Show that either Clarke or his heirs had any interest whatever in the lands.
After ,hearipg testimonyj the Court made a decree in favour of the clainnts, from which the nresent appeal is taken.

The case was argued by Mr. ,Legar6, the attorney-general, for the United'States. For the United States, it was contended that the decree otight to be reve sed, on the following grounds:
1. That there is no evidence that Clarke, or his heirs, had any interest in the lands; and the petition, so far as, regards them, ougit to have been dismissed.
2. That"the time limited by the acts of Congress, for the corn. mpencement of the proceedings in Court, having exr;red before the heirs of Atkinson were made parties, the Court had' no jurisdiction as to the validity of the grant, so far as they were concerned.
3. That there was no sufficient evidence that the said alleged grant or concession was ever made by overnor Coppinger.

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

231

[The United States t. The Heirs of Clarke and Atkinson.

4. That Governor Coppinger had no authority to, make such S grant.
5. That the description of the lands, in the said alleged grant, is too vague to be the foundation of a valid survey.
6. That there is no authority in the said alleged grant to survey four different tracts of land.

No counsel appeared for the appellees.

Mr. Justice CATRON delivered the opinion of the Court. In 18] 6, George Atkinson set forth to the Governor of East Florida, various important services, through a series of years, performed in behalf of the government, and also many losses; in consideration of which, he solicited a grant in property of fifteen thousand acres of land, in 'Cddar swamp;and on the west of
upper Little Lake. The governor granted the laids in property - and added: "Con-
sequently the surveyor-general will run them for himin the places he mentions; or in Dthers that are vacant- and of equal convenience to the -party."
Two places were designated where the lands were to lie by the petition. They were surveyed on four places: the first survey for four thousand acres near Dunn's creek: the second for three thousand ,acres on Haw creek: the-third for two thousand acres, in Dupon's hammock: and six thousand acres on Darcey's creek. One bears date the 20th of January, 1818; and the other three in March, of that year. None of them are on the lands solicited in the petition. The Court below affirmed-the surveys; and if this Court concurs in the decree, the United States will be bound to issue patents for the four tracts. That the complainants are entitled to the lands.in two surveys, at the places described in the petition, is not questioned; the difficulty is, could the interested party elect to abandon his first locations, and then multiply the tracts?
By the 8th article of the Florida treaty no grants made after the 24th of January, 1818, were valid; nor could a survey be valid on lands other than those authorized by the grant: still, the power to survey in conformity to the concession existed up to the change of flags.
That Spain had the- power to make grants, founded oi"' any

232

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. The Heirs of Clarke and Atkinson.]
consideration, and subject to any restrictions within her discretion, is a settled question. If the act was binding on that government, sb it is on this; as the successor of Spain. All the grants of lands, made by the lawful authorities of the King, of Spain, before the 24th of.January, 1818, were by the treaty ratified and confirmed to the owners of the lands. Such is the construction given to the eighth article by this Court in Arredondo's Case, 6 Peters, 706, and in Pdrcheman's Case, 7 Peters, 51 ; that is, imperfect. titles were equally binding on this government after the cession, as they had been on the Spanish government before. The grant to Atkinson was for the lands he mentioned, or for any other lands that were vacant; and the surveyor-general was especially directed to lay them off in either way; the grant giving himan unrestricted discretion over the entire vacant lands of the province, to satisfy the highly meritorious claim of the petitioner: for however doubtful the merits of. many claims may have been,, as presented to us, of the justice of this there can be no question; it had in it peculiar equities, and therefore the party had conceded to him peculiar privileges in selecting the lands. The official, and well-defined duties-of the surveyor-general, are set forth in Hanson's Case; and need not be repeated. He was acting for the government when making the survey, and bound to .protect the public domain, within'the restrictions imposed by the governdr's decree; he did not exceed the decree by going to other places than those pointed out in the petition; nd therefore did not exceed his autthority, unless it was in making more surveys than two. This point was settled in Sibbald's Case, 10 Peters, 321. His was a mill grant for five miles square, on Trout creek; and in'the event that situation would not permit the quantity of sixteen thousand acres; he asked, and had granted to him an equivalent of the deficiency, not at a particular place, but generally. In 1819; a tract of ten thousand acres was surveyed at Trout creek. In February3 1820, another of four thousand acres was surveyed thirty miles off at Turnbull's swamp-and the remaining two thousand acres at Bowleg's. hammock, somLe thirty miles in a different direction. It was proved that no more than ten thousand acres could be had at Trout creek, because of interfering elder claims, and injury to third persons. The Court adjudged, in
-effect, that the equivalent referred to quantity rather than form

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

233

[The United States v. The Heirs of Clarke and Atkinson.]

of survey; and that the six thousand acres deficient, could be surveyed on any vacant lands in the province, and in several surveys; the only. authority for doing so, was that an equivalent was decreed in.case of deficiency. The two last surveys were confirmed, on the precise ground that, as to the equivalent, the party was not restricted to any particular spot, nor to any form or number of surveys; and therefore might elect any vacant lands,
and at different places.
Sibbald's was a weaker case than, the present, the words of the grant being less explicit: the principles presented being precisely the same in both, we cannot reverse the decree below, without overruling the former decisiol--to which the Court below was bound to conform. We ther6fore order the decree to be
affirmed.

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

153

TaE tNITED STATES, APPELLANTS, V. PEDRO MIRANDA'AND'
OTHERS, APPELLEES.
A Florida land claim. On a petition from Pedro Miranda, stating arvices'performea by him for Spain, Governor White, the Governor of East Florida, o5 the 26th, November, 1810, made a grantto him ofeight leagues square, orthree hundred qnd sixty-eight thousand bix hundred and forty acres of land on the waters ofHillsborough and Tampa bays, in the eastern district of Florida. No survey was made under this grant while Florida remained a province of Spain; nor was any attempt made to occupy or survey the land, until after the cession of Florida to the United States. In 1821, it was alleged that a survey was made by a surveyor of East Florida. Held, that the grant was void; no land having been severed from the public domain previous to the 24th January, 1818, and because the calls of thejgrant are too .indefinite for locality to be given to them.
Cited, Percheman's Case, 7 Peters, 51; Kingsley's Case, 12 Peters, 476 ; Arredendo's .Case, 6 Peters, 741; Forbes's Case, 15 Peters, 182; Buyck's Case, 15 Peters, 215; O'Harra's Case, 15 Peters, 275; Delespine's Case, 15 Peters, 319.
The settled doctrine of the Supreme Court, in respect to Florida grants, is, that grants embracing a wide extent of country, or with a large area ofnatural or artificial boundaries, and which granted lands were not surveyed before the 24th of January, 1818, and which are without such designation as will give a place of beginning for a survey, are not%lands withdrawn from the mass of vacant lards ceded to the United States in Florida, and are void; as well on that account as forbeing so uncertain that locality cannot be given to them.
ON appeal from the Superior.Court of East Florida.
Pedro Miranda and others, on the 9th of May, 1629, prese ted a petition, to the Superior Court of East Florida, asking for the confirmati6n of a grant from the Spanish government of Florida, for eight leagues square, equal to three hundred and sixty-eight thousand six hundred and forty acres of land, situate on the-waters of Hillsborough and Tampa bays, in the eastern district of the territory of Florida.
The petition of Pedro Miranda and the grant, are as follow:
TRANSLATION.
His Excellehcy the Governor: Don Pedro Miranda, second pilot of the launch of the bar of this port, with the most profound respect represents to your excellency : That he has the honour to serve his Catholic majesty [whom
20

SUPREME COURT.
tThe United States v. Miranda.]
may God preserve] from the year 1798, when he was employed as rower of the said launch, in which capacity he remained until he was promoted to his present post, on account of his known merits and experience. Moreover, your excellency well knows the veracity of his good conduct, fidelity, and devotion to the service of his majesty; of which he has given proofs in various expeditions, which by order of his government your petitioner undertook along the water courses of this'province, when it was overrun by rebels; and as for so distinguished services and others rendered to the satisfaction of your excellency, your petitioner has not received any compensation whatever; and as he finds himself in a penurious condition, and without any other expectations but from the protection of your excellency; there'fore he supplicates your excellency to be pleased, in remuneration of all which he has represented, and in consideration of his Iresent destitute situation, to grant to him in absolute property, a square of eight leagues in the royal lands which are found on the waters of Hillsborough and Tampa bays, in this province, in: virtue of royal orders on the subject of granting lands gratuitously to Spanish subjects; which favour your petitioner hopes to receive from the justice of your excellency. St. .1lugustineof Florida,19th November, 1810.
DECREE.
St- .ugustine of Florida,26th November, 1810. The merits and services alleged by this party being well known to this government, I grant to him in the terms which he solicits, the said quantity of land in the places which he indicates, without prejudice to a third party; and as a proof of this grant to be shown at all times, let a certified copy of this proceeding be issued-to him from the secretary's office -forhis security.
WHITE.
The petition to the Court stated that said tract or parcel of land has been divided and laid off into townships of twenty-three thousand and forty acres each; that the said division of the said land into townships, as aforesaid, was made hy one Charles Vignoles, in the "ear one thousand eight hundred and twenty-one; the said Charles Vignoles then being-a surveyor of East Florida.
After hearing testimony and arguments of counsel, the Superior Court of East Florida gave a pro Porm decree in favour of'

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

155

(The Daited States v.M and4

the petitioners, for eight leagues qudre, being forty-six thousand ,and eighty acres; and the United States, and the claimants, prosecuted this appeal.
The case, on the appeal of the United States,.was argued on the part of the United States, by Mr. Duvall, and Mr. Legar6, the attorney-general of the United Stateg; and was submitted on printed argumenis by.Mr. Garr and Mr. Ogden,for the appellees.

The arguments of the counsel on numerous points, submitted for the appellants and thie A'ppellees, are omitted; as the decree of the.Court was made exclusively, on the question of the validity of the grant, under the 'cession of Florida to the United States, by the treaty with Spain.
For the appeUants, it was .ontended, that bs io snrvey, possession, or cultivationof the land had been proved, as was necessary according to the laws, usages, and ordinances of the Spanish government, to vest a valid title to the land in the claimant; the decree of the Superior.Court of East Florida should be reversed.

Mr. Jilstice WAYxE delivered~the opinion of the Court. Appeal from the Superior Court of East Florida. The defendants in error claim title to a tract of land, under a grant made by Governor White, on thle 26th November, 1810, to Don Pedro Miranda, containing'eight leagues square; or three hundred and sixty-eightthousand six hundred and forty acres, on the waters of Hillsborough,'and Tampa bays,,in the eastern district of the territory of Florida. Miranda's petition -or the grant, and the grant, are in pages 153, 154. After a recital of services, he asks as a remuneration, and in consideration of his destitute dondition, that there may be granted to him in absolute property, a.square of eight leagues in the royal lands which are found on the waters of Hillsborough and Tampa bays, in virtue of royal orders on the subject. of 'granting lands gratuitously to Spanish subjects. The governor, m reply, acknowledges his services, and grants to him "in' the terms as he solicits, the quantity of land in the places which he indicates, without prejudice to a tfiird party;" and directs, "a certified. copy of the proceeding to be issued to him from the secretary's

SUPREME COURT.
[The United States v. Miranda.]
office for his security. It does not appear that such certified copy was given to him; but Aguilar, who was secretary when the grant was made, deposes that he- remembers that the grant was made to Miranda for his deserts and services on the shores of Hillsborough and Tampa bays; "that it was a part of eight leagues square, or thereabouts ;" and he further says, the handwriting to the grant is the legitimate signature of Governor White. The district attorney admits that he has seeji in the office of the archiyes of Florida, a document, of which that introduced by the complainants is a copy.
No survey, however, of the land was made whilst Florida was a province of Spain. Nor was any attempt made by the grantee, or by any agent or person claiming under him, to occupy any land under this grant, or to make a survey of it, until after the Floridas had been ceded to the United States. The complainants allege that one was made in 1821, by Charles Vignolles, a surveyor of East Florida; and this survey is the first assertion of right in the premises by the grantee. After this survey was made, the grantee conveyed portions of the land, between the years 1822 and 1828; to the claimants associated with him in this suit. They allege that a claim for the whole of the lands was submitted to the examination of the commissioners appointed under the act of Congress of 3d March, 1,23. 3 Story, 1907, entitled an act for ascertaining claims and titles to lands in the territory of Florida. The survey made by Vignolles, however, is not in the record; nor does it seem to have been in evidence on the trial of the cause in the Court below.
By agreement between the solicitors and counsel of the parties, a pro forms decree was given for forty-six thousand and eighty acres. of land, in favour of the. complainants, situated on the waters of the bay8 of Hillsborough and Tampa; and from this decree the cause has been brought to this Court by appeal by the United States.
We do not think it necessary to discuss, in deiail, the points urged in argument for and against the confirmation of this grant.
Two considerations are decisive of its invalidity. The grant is void, no land having been severed from the public domain previous to the 24th January, 1818; and because the calls of the grant are too indefinite for locality to be given to-them.

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

157

[The United States v. Miranda.]

The petitioner asks for "a square of eight leagues, in the royal lands which are found on the waters of Hillsborough and Tampa bays." The grant is, "I grant to him, in the terms which he solicits, the said quantity of land in the places which he indicates."
Tampa or Espiritu Santa, as it was known or called before Florida was ceded to the United States, is the largest on the Gulf of Mexico. It is at least forty miles long, and in one or more places, from thirty to forty miles broad. Hillsberough river empties into it from the north. To the southeast of Hillsborough river are the' Indian and Alafia rivers. Lower down the bay, on the same side, is Manali river, from sixteen to twenty miles wide at its mouth; and Oyster river is twenty miles below the Manali. The eastern part of this bay was by the British called Hillsborough; and the little bay attached to the north side, Tampa. The little Tampa is an elliptical basin, about ten miles in diameter. There are many islands in the bay, especially on the western part and at its mouth; and Tampa extends to Sarragossa bay. Williams's Territory of Florida, page 24.
Where, in this extensive area, shall this grant be located? Shall it be on either of the rivers emptying into the bay? On the eastern or western side of the bay? ' At its head, or at its mouth? Shall it be a contiguous body of land on Hillsborough bay, or on little Tampa; or shall it be divided in equal parts on both? If the grantee claims a right to survey on Hillsborough and little Tampa as the places indicated in his petition, then it cannot be taken in a single body "of a square of eight leagues;" for the former being' on the east part of the bay, and the latter on the north side; neither the dimension nor form of the grant could be surveyed touching on both. And this, whether it is to be taken in a square of four equal sides, or in a rectangular parallelogram with a part of one third of the bay: which last is the mode prescribed by the Spanish authorities for surveys on navigable waters.
Shall it be left to the grantee to choose, or shall the Court arbitrarily fix upon a point for the beginning of a survey? If there was a starting point, the claimants might, putting aside the other questions in the case against the confirmation of the grant, be entitled to a survey. But there is none. No survey was made under the grant whilst Fl9rida belonged to Spain. Indeed,
VOL. XVI.-O

158

SUPREME COURT.

(The United

vt. aMiran&.]

it appears from the record, that neither the. governor making the grant, nor any other Governor of Florida after him, ever gave an order for a survey of this grant. 'The grantee, though all the time in Fforida, from the time when the grant was given until the treaty with Spain was made, a period of nine years, did not apply, or if he did, did not receive froni the authorities of Spain an order for a survey. The case shows that in other grants of land made to him, subsequently to the date of that now under consideration; and there are nine or ten of them in the record; pages 81 to 93, inclusive; that Miranda umiformly had them 'consummated'by a royal title. And it is also worthy of remark, that he states in his petition to Governor Coppinger, on the 16th of September, 1817, after reciting his services from 1794 to 1812, in the defence of the'province, aid that he had had.in his charge divers extraordinary commissions, he states, "for which he had never had any compensation whatever." What, then, had become of his grant for a square of eight leagues in the royal lands which aie found on the waters of Hillsborough and Tampa bays?
The locality then, of the premises, was not acknowledged t I the authorities of Spain. No effort wag made to give identity to the grant before the treaty was ratified.
Is such a grant protected by the treaty? We think not. The eighth article of the treaty is: "All the grants of land made before the 24th of January, 1818, by his Catholic Majesty, or by his lawful authorities in the said territories, ceded by his majesty to
the Uhited States, shall be ratified and confirmed to the persons in possession of the lands, to the same extent that the same grants would be valid if the territories had remained under the dominion of his Catholic Majesty. -But the owners in possession of such lands, who by reason of the recent circumstances of the Spanish nation, and the revolutions in Europe, have been prevented from fulfilling all the conditions of their grants, shall complete them within the times limited in the same, respectively, from the date-of this treaty, in default of which the said grants shall be null and void. All grants made since the 24th of January, .1818, when the first proposal, on'the part of his Catholic Majesty for the, cession of the Floridas was made, -re hereby declared and agreed to be null and void." The words in the foregoing

JANUARY, TERM, 1842.

159

Trhe United States. v.Miranda.]

extract shall be ratified and confirmed to the persons "npossession of the land, have been decided by this Court, in Percheman's Case, 7 Peters, 51; to mean, "the grants shall remain ratified and confirmed to the persons in possession of them, to the same extent, &c., &c.;I" or, as this Court said in Kingsley's Case, 12 Peters, 46, cstand ratified .and confirmed to the same extent that the same grants would be yalid, if Florida had remained under, the dominion of Spain.'? And the words "in possession of them," have by this Court, in Arredondo's Case, 6 Peters, 741, and in all other cases upon Florida grants, after it, been determined not to .imply occupation or residence only, but a legal seisin. The Court said in that case, "By grants of land we do not mean the meregrant itself, but the right, title, legal possession, and estate, property, and ownership, legally resulting upon a grant of land to the owner." But, in the case before us, from the want of survey, or some point for the beginning of one, there can neither be a seisin in fact nor in law; for identity of premises is as essential for a seisin in law, as it is necessarily implied in a seisin in fact. The grantee, then, can only claim validity for this grant to the same extent that it would have been valid, if the territories had remained under the dominion of his Catholic Majesty. And this brings up the questions, how far this grant was valid when the Floridas were ceded to the United States; or whether, in the situation in which this grantee stood when the treaty was made, he had more than a permission to ask for the means of having the lands identified, that he might have a right of possession.
The grant was made in 1810. No order of survey was made; nothing was done to .withdraw the land from the general mass of property, or to show what it was, which was to be withdrawn. It therefore remained in the King of Spain, with the power to consummate that which had been done on Miranda's petition, into a complete title; according as it might be his pleasure to do or pot to do so. And when he ceded the Floridas to the United States, the latter were placed in respect to this grantee, exactly in the situation in 1-rhich his Catholic Majesty had stood.. This being so, the eighth article of the treaty, on the most liberal interpretation of the intentions which actuated the high contracting parties, imposes upon the United States no obligation to make a title to lands of which the grantee had neither an actual seisin,

160

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. Miranda.]
nor aseisin in law. Identity is essential for the latter, and has uniformly been, in the 'contemplation of- this Court, when it has confirmed Florida grants, inchoate or complete. This Court said-in Forbes's Case, 15 Peters, 182, "the Courts of jxustice can ofily adjudge what has been granted, and declare that the lands granted by the lawful authorities of Spain, are separated from the public domain." The grant'now sought to be confirmed, was not so separated by survey, or. by any such distinctive call as will admit of a survey. In Forbes's Case, just mentioned, the grant was foi land "in' the district or bank of the river Nassau;" and the Court say, after noticing the uncertainty of the description for the location of the land, "No survey of the land granted was ever made; the duty imposed upon the grantee to produce the plat and demarcations in proper time, was never performed. This Was a condition he"assumed upon himse f; the execution and return of the survey to the proper ,office, in such case, could only sever the land granted from the public domain." "No particular land having been severed from the public domain by John Forbes, his was the familiar case of one having a claim on a large section of country, unlocated," &c. &c. "In 'such a Acase, the government has ever been deemed to hold the fee unaffected by a vested, equitable interest, until the location was made, according to the laws of the particular country." And though, in the decree granting the land to Forbes, the governor says, "It will be'the duty of the party to produce the plat, and demarcations in the proper time;" it does not vary the principle, but rather seives to establish it; that "in grants of land with uncertain designations, to be made on a large .distriat of country, they must have been severed from the, public domain by survey, or be void for want of identity." Upon mature d0liberation, the same doctrine was held in Buyck's Case, 15 Peters, 215, which was a grant for lands "at Musquito," "south and north of said place."' Also in O'Harra's Case, 15 Peters, 275; again in Delespine's Case, 15 Peters, 319.
Indeed, the settled doctrine of this. Court, in respect to these Florida grants, is, that grants for lands embracing a widg extent of country,. or witiin a large area of natural or artificial boundaries, and which grafited lands-were-not surveyed before the 24th of January, 1818, and wbich-are without such'designatioiis as will

JANUARY TERM1,- 1842.

161

The Umt

t, Miru&]

give a -place of beginning for a, survey, are. n6t lands withdrawn from the mass of vacant lands, ceded to the United States in the Floridas; and are void, as well on.that account, as for being so uncertain that locality cabnot be giveA to them. The decrqe of the Court below is reversed, and the grant declared to be
invalid.

JANUARY TERM, 1842.
THE MAYOR AND ALDERMEN OF THE CITY OF MOBILE, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, V. WILLIAM E. IIALLETT, EXECUTOR OF
JOSHUA KENNEDY, DECEASED. DEFENDANT IN ERROR.
A grant by the Spanish government, confirmed by the United States, was made of a lot of ground in the city of Mobile running from a certain. boundary eastwardly to the river Mobile. The land adjacent to this lot, and extending from high-water mark to the channel of the river, in fri at of the lot, was held by the grantee as appurtenant to the fast land above high-water mark. The city of Mobile instituted an action to recover the same, asserting a title to it under the act of Congress of 26th May, 1824, granting certain kots of ground to the corporation of the city of Mobile, and to certain individuals in the said city. Held, that this lot was within the exceptions ofithe act of 1824; and no right to the same was vested in the city of Mobile by the act.
IN error to the Supreme Court of the state of Alabama.
The case was argued by Mr. Test, for the plaintiffs in error; and by Mr. Key and Mr. Sergeant, for the defendant in error.
Mr. Justice MCLEAN delivered the opinion of the Court. This case is brought here by a writ of error from the Supreme Court of Alabama. The plaintiffs claim title under an act of Congress, and the decision of the State Court was again-t the tide; whic 4, under the twenty-fifth section of the judiciary act, gives jurisdiction to this Court. The -plaintiffs brought their action of trespass to try the title to a lot of ground in the city of Mobile, bounded as followscommencing at a point on St. Louis street, in said city, sixty-six feet west of the corner of St. Louis and Water streets, thence north twenty-five degrees west fo the line dividing the Price claim from the Orange Grove claim, thence parallel with St. Louis street eastwardly to the channel of the river, thence along the channel of the river to a point meeting the line formed by the extension of the northern boundary of St. Louis street, thence along the north boundary of St. Louis street to the place of beginning; with certain specified exceptions.

SUPREME COURT.
[The City of Mobile v. Hallett.]
On the trial, the following bill of exceptions was taken: "This cause was tried at the Mobile Circuit Court, of April term, &c.. and it was, among other things, proved that the premises which were claimed under an act of Congress, entitled 'An act granting certain lots of ground to the corporation of the city of Mobile, and to certain individuals of said city,' passed 26th May, 1824. were situated north of St. Louis street, and were bounded on the west by high-water mark, and east by the channel of the river: and that the defendant was claimant, in possession of the land lying immediately west, and which extended from some certain boundary eastwardly to the river, and which he held by a Spanish grant, confirmed by the United States. It was proved further that in the year 1824, and at the time of passing the act, Water street terminated below St. Louis street; and that in front of the lands which it was proved the defendant possessed in the direction, Water street was not extended or established, nor was its future course of direction known, or in any way determined on. Whereupon the Court charged the jury, that by the true construction of the act of Congress, the corporation of Mobile are not entitled to the premises in question, because the defendant possessed by grant originating from the Spanish government the adjacent land extending to the river Mobile, and the claim of the corporation was for land inme'diately west of it, extending from high-water mark to the channel of the river, to which charge the plaintiffs excepted."
The first section of the adt of 1824, vests in the mayor and aldermen of the city of Mobile, for the time being, and their successors in office, for the sole use and benefit of the city, forever, all the right and claim of the United States to all the lots not sold or confirmed to individuals, either by that or any former act, and to~which no equitable title existed in favour of an individual, under that or any other act, between high-water mark and the channel of the river, and between Church street and North Boundary street in front of the city.
And the second section of the act, which relinquishes the claim of the United States to the proprietors of front lots certain water lots which they had improved; excepts from the operation of the law, cases "where the Spanish government had made a new grant. or order of survey for the same, during the time at which

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

263

[The Cityof Mobile t.Hallett]

they had the power to grant the same; in wnich case, the right and claim of the United States shall be, and is hereby vested in the person to whom such alienation, grant, or order of survey, was made, or in his legal representative. Provided, tnat nothing in the act contained shall be construed to affect the claim or claims, if any such there be, of any individual," &c.
From both sections of the above act, it will be perceived, that Congress carefully guarded against any interference with existing rights. In the first section, lots sold or confirmed to individuals, either by that or any former act to which an equitable title existed in favour of any individual, were excepted from the operation of the act; and the proviso to the second section declares that the act shall not be so cofistrued as to affect the claims of any individual.
From the bill of exceptions, it appears, that the defendant was in possession of the land in controversy under a Spanish grant, which was confirmed by the United States; and that the land extended to the Mobile river. It was then within the exception in the act of 1824, and no right vested in the plaintiffs. We think, therefore, that the instruction of the Circuit Court to this effect, was right. The judgment of the Circuit Court was affirmed by the Supreme Court of Alabama, and we affirm the judgment of the latter Court.

Mr. Justice CATRo, dissenting. I dissent from the principal opinion on sevpral grounds. It is impossible for me to ascertain from the feair facts stated in the rec6rd, whether the land in controversy lies in front of the city of Mobile, as it existed in 1824. It is quite probable it lies north of any established street running wegt from the bay, at date of the act of Congress under which the corporation claims; and it is clear that such street is the limit of grant on the north, as it calls for "North Boundary street;" and it is an admitted fact that no street bearing this name existed in 1824. It was incumbent on the corporation, as plaintiffs, to prove tha'ttheir grant included the premises sued for to authorize a recovery on the strength of their own title; as they could not rely upon the weakness of that of their adversary. Until this was done, the validity of the statute of the United States could not be drawn in question in

264

SUPREME COURT.

[The City of Mobile v. Hllett]

the State Court. It must appear upon the face of the record, 1. That such a question might have arisen; and 2. that it was actually made; and 3. that it was decided. For the rule, I refer to the case of. Armstrong v. The Treasurer of Athens County, decided at this term. Suppose it appeared by the record that the land lay milesbove the city as it existed in 1824, and yet the State Court had seen proper to declare that the act of Congress was void: could this Court take jurisdiction to examine and reverse the state decision? I think not. No question on the validity of the act could in. such case have been properly raised or decided; because the act of Congress had no application to the'premises sued for. It rested on the plaintiffs in error to show in the bill of excqptions the facts that could give rise to the question: we cannot infer the facts, to give this Court jurisdiction under the twenty-fifth section of the act of 1789. If it be true, that the making such a question at the bar, and its decision by the State Court, gives jurisdiction to this Court, then the Validity of this act of Congress may be drawn in question in any case when the State Court sees proper to give an abstract opinion in regard to it.
It i- supposed the description of the premises in the declaration can be referred to in this case, to aid the bill of exceptions; which in itself is not pretended to be sufficient to raise the ques.tion on the vzalidity of the act of Congress. The declaration is allegation, not proof. It is not referred to by the exceptions; no fact stated.in it is recognised as -proved by the Court. The bill of exceptions states, that the plaintiffs claimed under the act of 1824; that the premises claimed by plaintiffs were north of St. Louis street, were bounded on the west by high-water mark, and east by the channel of the river; and that the defendant was - claimant in possession of the land lying immediately west, and which extended eastwardly to the river; and which he held under a Spanish grant; and that Water street, in 1824, did not extend so far north as the front of the land claimed by defendant; and this is all it states. I deem it wholly inadmissible in this Court to assume jurisdiction under the twenty-fifth section, by inference. But if it could, I should infer, rather, that the land in dispute lay north of the front of the city, when the grant

JANUAkY TERM, 1842.

265

[The City of Mobile v.Hallett]

was made, than the reverse, because Water street did not extend

so far north at that time.

Secondly, If the premises are ituate south of North Baundary

street, as it existed in 1824, then, I have no doubt, the corporation

took title by virtue of the act of that year; notwithstanding that

the land of the defendant's testator; Kennedyftonted on the shore

of the river, and was bounded by the -igh-water mark. The

Mobile bay is an arm of the sea, where the-tide flows and reflows,

and is part of the ocean; and is navigable in the sense of 'the

term as applicable to 'such waters. The shores between the high

and low water marks belonged to the King of. Spain; and passed

to the United States by our treaty with France, in 1803,-as the

King of Spain held them; unless they had been granted by the"

king before the .cession to France, or at least efore -hey were

ceded to the United States, in 1803. In regard to title, no differ-

ence exists between the high lands, and those flowed by the tide.

The act of 1824 granted the lands between ordinary high-water

mark and the channel of the river to the' corporation of. Mobile.

The biU of exceptions in effect states, "That the defendant was

claimant in possession of-land lying immediately west of the

land sued for; that his claim extended to the river, ard lay

west of it; and that the lands of the plaintiffs were bounded on

the west by the high-water mark, and extended east to the chan-

nel of the river." So that the high-water mark is the common

boundary between the grants.

I concur with my brethren of the majority, that if the defend-

ant was in possession of the land in controversy under a con-

firmed Spanish grant, that then such Spanish grant is excepted

from the act of 1824; and that this is the true construction of

the act, as this Court held in Pollard's heirs v. Kibb6: and it

matters not when the Spanish grant was made, so that it was

before Spain surrendered the country to the United States, for

although such grant was void, still the act of 1824 intended to

except it. This is the settled doctrine of the Court on the con-

struction of the act.

But my brethren and myself differ as to the fact; we cannot

go out of the record; and this explicitly states that the eastern

boundary of the defendanit's land was the western boundary of

that sued for by the plaintiffs; and it is almost the only explicit

VOL. XVI.-Z

34

SUPREME COURT.
[The City of Mobile v. HHett.]
statement in the bill of exceptions. The case did not turn in the Courts below on a conflict of boundary; but, obviously, on the groumds assumed in the case of the same plaintiffs against Eslava, as will be'seen hereafter.
As no right to the soil below high-water mark was claimed for the defendant, further discussion on this point might be dispensed with: yet, as the New Jersey case of Martin v. Waddel has just been argued for the third time in this Court, and the doctrine of riparian rights was very fully presented, and as the authorities are.at hand, a slight reference to them will be made.
A primary rule of construction, according to the English common law as applicable to grants of land made by the government to individuals, when they front on the shores of tide-waters, is, that they go no further than ordinary high-water mark; and if -the grant extends over the tide-water, taking the high land on both sides, the land under water does not pass by the ordinary terms of grant, applicable to high lands; because the soil under tide-waters is a public sovereign right, and an estate to itself, in the sovereign, held in trust .for the public use, sepazate from the high land. This is the settled doctrine in England, as will be seen by the case of the Royal Fishery of the Baune, 8 James 1, reported .bySir John.Dory, 149; and by Angel, in his Treatise on Tide-waters, App. 35, ed. of 1826.
The case was recognised as sound law by the Court of King's Bench, in Carter v.Muscot, Lurr. Rep. 2162, it which it Issaid "That naiigable rivers, or arms of the sea, belong to the crown, and not like private rivers to the landowners on each side: and therefore the presumption lies the contrary way in the one case from what it does in the other. Here, indeed, it lies primg facie, on the side of the king and the public." "The case of the Royal Salmon Fishery in the river Baune, in Sir John Dory's"Reports, is agreeable to this; and it is a very good case."
The same doctrine has been maintained in Massachusetts, as will be seen by the case of Storer v. Freeman, 6 Mass. Rep. 435. fn that state, a local peculiarity exists which is explained by the Court.
5o in New York. Palmer v. Hicks, 6 Johns. 133; Mayor, &c., of New York v. Scott, 1 Caines' Rep. 355.' And in many subsequent cages this rule of construction is fecognised.

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

267

[The City of Mobile v. Hallett.]
I understand the same rule to app'y by force of the laws ot Spain, to the Spanish grant under which the defendant Hallett claims. So the Supreme Court of Alabama held in Hogan v. Campbell, 8 Porter's Ala. Rep. 1, 24. And sce Mayor, &c. of Mobile v,Eblava; opinion of Supreme Court of Alabama. And I feel disinclined on this point to look beyond the decisions of the btate Court of Alabama; if power to look beyond'it exists in this Court, on this particular point; which I doubt.
The defendant having no right of soil to the premises sued for, the next inquiry is, could Congress grant the land below highwater mark ? That the United States acquired the right of soil t'ron. France, by the treaty of 1803, is not.open to question; and that a mud-flat ilowed by tide-water is the subject of grant by the government to an individual, I think., cannot well be doubted by any one acquainted with the southern country; where such valuable portions of it are mud-flats, in the constant course of reclamation.
That the King of En.gland could so grant in the American colonies, and that the states of this Union, where the rights of soil are governed by the common law, can thus grant, is not an open question. The city of New York, by the king's charter of 1730, and by legislative acts of the state, holds a large body of land in and about the city that was formerly entirely below high-water mark, and that is but slightly reclaimed at this day; as will be seen by 1 Kent's Com. 7, 85.
And I understand it to be the settled doctrine in Alabama that the United States has power to grant the lands froX high-water mark to the channel of the river Mobile, previous to the formation of the state constitution. So the Supreme Coure of that state held, in Hogan v. Campbell,above cited. But the ground assumed by that Court, amongst others, is, that by the adoption of the state constitution, and its acceptance by Cbngress, the right of soil to all lands flowed by tides passed to the state government by implication,. as an incident to the state, sovereignty. And on. the same principle was the present cause decided by that Court; for they certify in the record before us, "That the opinion delivered in the case of the Mayor, &c., of Mobile v. Ela'va, at this term, is decisive of the present. The consequence is, that the

268

SUPREME COURT.

[The City of Mobile v. Hallett.]
judgment of the Circuit Court is free from error, and must be affirmed."
The case of the Mayor, &c. v. Eslava has been before us this term, and I refer to my opinion in it for the reasons why I supposed the Supreme Court of Alabama mistaken when they declared the act of Congress void.
Assuming that the act of 1824 covered the land in controversy, then, I am of opinion that the Supreme Court of Alabama erred by declaring it invalid; and that the judgment ought to be reversed.,

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

RIcHARD 3. WATKINS, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, v. THE LESSEE
OF OLIVER HOLMAN ET AL.

Ejectment to recover possession of a lot in the city of Mobile, Alabama. The defend-

ants, in the Circuit Court, claimed title to the land under Lucy Landry, who was the

devisee of one Geronio; who having been in possession of the lot at the comer of St.

Francis and Royal streets, occupied it un1's his death. On the arrival of Lucy Landry

at age, she occupied the lot as her own py.perty; and in 1818 she sold and conveyed

it by deed to certain persons, stating the eastern boundary in the deed to be the Mo-

bile river. These persons on the same day conveyed the premises to Oliver Holman,

who'entered on it and improved it, by erecting houses and a wharf upon it; and con-

tinued to occupy it as a merchant in copartnership with one Charles Brown, who lived

in Boston, until December, 1822, when be died; leaving, as his heirs, the lessors of

the plaintiff. The possession of Lucy Landry of the lot commenced in 1800, and

extended on Royal street, and on the cast followed the high'water mark on their ler.

The land was nbt subject to inundation, though in many places the water ran adross

it. Until the improvements made by Holm-an, the lot was not susceptible of occu-

pancy. There was a ridge of high land formed of shells and artificial deposits, to the

east of which, to the river, the lot was situated; and the ridge was-protected.by the

Spanish authorities, no person being permitted by them to improve on the ground,

or to remove the earth. It was called "The King's highway," or landing-place.

Questions as to the title of the proprietors of the adjacent lots above Water street, to

the lots extending to the river, prevailed until 1824; when on the 26th May, 1824, a

law was passed. which granted the lots known as water lots under the Spanish

government to the owners of the aja-ent grounds. Thd improvement- were made

by Holman in 1819 or 1820. The defendants below gave in evidence, to maintain

their title, the title to them from Lucy Landry, through her grantees to Oliver Hol-

man. a title-bond from Holman to Brown for half of the lot in controversy, by

which a deed was to be executed two years after the date of the bond; and an act of

the legislature of Alabama, passed in December, 1823, after the decease of Holman,

authorizing the administratrix of Holman, then residing in Boston, where adminis-

trtion of the estate of the deceased had been granted to her, to sell the rel estate of

which he died scised, in the city of Mobile, for the payment of his debts, the estatp

being insolvent; a deed made in pursuance of a sale of the premises under the act

of Assembly and in conformity to the provisions thereof; and also the redord of cer-

tain proceedings in the Supreme Court of Massachusetts, wherein a license was

given to the administratrix to make a deed in pursuance of the title-bond to Brown,

and the deed made under this authority. The questions which arose in the case,

and on which the Court deci~led were: First, whether the act of the legislature of

Alabama, authorizing the sale of the estate of Holman, was constitutional and valid.

Second, whether the proceedings in the Supreme Court of Massachusetts were

operative, and authorized the administratrix to convey the title. Third, whether a

volume of state papers published under the authority of Congress was evidence.

Fourth, whether the lessors of the plaintiff below had established a legal title. 'Fifth,

VOL. XVI.-C

4

26

SUPREME COURT.

[Watkins v. Holman et al.]

whether the defendants in the Circuit Court had not established a title in themselves, independent of and adverse to the title they had derived under Oliver Helman. The relation of landlord and tenant in nowise exist between the vendor and vendee; and this is especially the case where a conveyance has been executed. A mere intruder on land is limited to his actual possession; and the rights of a riparian proprietor do not attach -to him. The case of The Mayor of New Orleans v. The United States, 10 Peters, 662, cited. The act of Congress of 26th May, 1824, relinquished the rights of the United States, whatever they were, in the lot in question, to the proprietor of the front lot, A volume of state papers published under the authority of an act of Congress, and containing the authentication required by the act, is legal evidence. In the United States, in all public matters, the journals of Congress, and of the state legislatures are evidence, and also the reports which have been sanctioned and published by authority. This publication does not make that evidence, which intrinsicilly is not so; but it givest i a most authentic form certain papers and documents. The very highest authority attaches to state papers published under the sanction of Congress. The deed executed by the administratrix of Holnan, in pursuance of the license given by the Supreme Court of Massachusetts, by which nearly a moiety of the property of Holman, in Mobile, described in the title-bond to Brown, was conveyed to Brdwn, was inoperative. The deed was executed under a decree or order of the Supreme Court in Massachussetts, and by virtue of a statute of that state. It is not pretended that it was authorized by any law of Alabama: Lnd no principle is better settled, that the disposition of real estate, whether by deed, descent, or by any other mode, must be governed by the laws of the state where the land is situated. A Court of Chancery, acting in personam, may well decree the conveyance of land in any other state, and may enforce their decree by process against the defendant. But neither the decree itself, nor any conveyance under it, except by the person in whom the title is vested, can operate beyond the jurisdiction of the Court. It is not perceived why a Courrt of law should regard a resulting trust more than any
other equitable rights; and any atiempt to give effect to these rights at law, through the instrumentality of a jury, must lead to confusion and uncertainty. Equitable and legal jurisdictions have been wisely separated ; and the soundest maxims of jurisprudence require each to be exercised in its appropriate sphere. The act of the legislature of Alabama, which authorized Sarah Holman, resident in Boston, the administratrix of Oliver Holman, to sell the estate of which Holman died seised in the city of Mobile, was a valid act: and the deed made under that btatute, according to its provisions, was legal and operative,-and was 'authorized by the constitution of Alabama. On the death of the ancestor the land owned by him descends to his heirs. They hold it subject to the payment of the debts of the ancestor, in those states where it is liable to such debts. The heirs cannot alien the land to the prejudice of creditors IA fact, aild in law, they fhave no right to the real estate of their ancestors, except that of possession, until the creditors shall be paid. .lo objection is perceived to the power of the legislature to subjecting the lands of a deceased person to the payment of his debts, to the exclusion of the personal property. The legislature regulates descents, and the conveyance of real estate. To define the rights of debtor and creditor, is their common duty; the whole range of remedies lies within their province.

JANUARY TflRMA842.

9

[WatkLh~o RVUM at anl Ir error to-the Cireuit, Court of the United States for'the southem district of Alabama.

This was an action of ejectment, brought, by the defendants ,. Who were plaintiffs in the Court below, to recover poss, sion"of stores and a lot of ground rthe city of Mobile. The. declaration was in the conmon form. The: plea, the general issue. A ver-. diet was rendered in .tie -Ciciiit Cow for the plaintiffs, and the defendant prosecuted this writ of error.
Upo4 the rl.t; the plaintiffs below proVed that one- Geronio was in possession of a lot in the city of Mobile; at the corner of,, St. Francis and Royal streets;" that he,occufpied the same til his death, when he gave the same to one Lucy Landry ; that about the year 1788;, Simon'-:Landry took charge o thd lot for his daughter Lucy, and when-she came to woman's estate, she'used and'oeupied the same as her property.."-The plintiff- further proved that, in i818, Lucy Landry conveyed the Iot'tq'McKhisie and, Swett, hy a deed, in which the eastern boundary was laid down as the Mobile, river, and,.included the premises-in question in thiscase. 'On the same day, McKjnsie and Swett conveyed the property to Oliver Holman, who. took, possession in 1818, and erected houses and a wha'rfupon the lot, and occupied the samqe as a merchant in copartnership. with, one Charles. Brown; Brown residing inBoston,.and.HolnIan in Mobile. Holnan died in. December, 1822, leaving three children. Oliver, with a grandchild of Holman, .are now the .legal heirs, of Oliver toimad, deceased, and are the lessois* of the deifendants in error.' . The defendants in the Circuit Court, in order to show title in them to one.equal undivided moiety of the premises in question, exhibited a bond executed- by Oliver Holman, the ancestof 'of the plaintiff in the ejectment, on the 29th, September, 1821, to Charles Brown; by which Oliver Holman bound himself to give to Charles 'Brown a quit-claim deed of one half of the land he had purchased from McKinsie aid.'Swett, the ground in' question.: the -deed to be executed twio years.from date, it Charles Brown requests.. Oliver Holmdn died soon' afterwards, without executing the deed. , Sarah Holman, the widow ot Oliver Holman, removed to Bos-

28

SUPREME COURT.

[Watkins v. Holman et al.

ton, Massachusetts, and "there took out letters of administration to tne estate -of her deceased husband.
Charles Brown presented a petition to the Supreme Judicial Court, of Massazchusetts, setting forth that Oliver Holman had executed to him the bond before stated, by which he bound him'self to convey certain property in Mobile to him, being the part of the premises for-which this suit .is instituted;-and that he was prevented conveying the same by death; and praying the Court would grant license to, -and would empower Sarah Holman, the
widow and administratrix of Oliyer Holman, to execute to hii such conveyance of the premises, as Oliver Holman would have been obliged to make and execute, if lie were then living.
The ividow and administratrix, Sarah Holman, certified to the Court that "she had read and' had notice of the petition, and had no objections to offer why the prayer thereof should not be granted; and signified her con sent to the same."
Elisha Read, guardian of -Sarah Holman and Oliver Holman, minors, and Catharine Holman, daughter of Oliver Holman, certifed that they had read and had notice of the petition, and believed the statement therelm to be correct, and had no cause to show why the prayer of the petitioner should not be granted, and signified theif co~ent to the same. The Cour thereupon ordered that 'Sarah Holman 'should be licensed to make and execute a deed to Charles Brown of the premises: and accordingly, on the 10th of, March, 1824, a deed was executed to the petitioner for the property described in the title-bond.
The defendants in the Circuit Court, also gave in evidence an act of the legislature of Alabama, in the following terms:
"An Act to authorize the administratrix of Oliver Holman, deceased, late of the county of Mobile, to sell real estate.
"Sect. 1.. Be it enacted, &c. &c., That the administratrix of the late Oliver Holinan, resident in the city of Boston, in the state of Massachusetts, be, and she is, hereby, authorized to sell, by Nathaniel Littlefield and Gorham Davenport, her attorneys in fact, the.real estate of which the said Oliver Holman died seised irf the city of Mobile, on sfich terms and in such manner as may be deemed most advantageous to the estate of the deceased.
"Sect. 2. And be it further enacted, that the said administratrix be, and she is hereby authorized, by her attorneys aforesaid, on

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

29

[Watkins v.Holman et aj]
the sale of the'said estate, to make and deliver to the purchaser or purchasers; as the casemay be, a legal conveyance of the same, which shall be as binding as if they same had been made by the said Oliver Holman in his lifetime.
" Sect. 3. And be it further enacted, that Nathaniel Littlefield
and Gorham Davenport, before the sale of the estate aforesaid, shall enter into bond.with sufficient security, payable to the judge of the County Court of Mobile county, for the true and faithful payment of the money arising from the sale of the said estafe into the hands of the administratrix thereof, to be appropriated to th4 payment of the debts due by the said decedent."
On the 24th -day of April, 1824, by a deed executed in conformity with the law, in consideration of the sum of fifteen thousand dollars paid to the administratrix'of Olivler Holmai, the other moiety of th? property was conveyed to Charles Brown.
Tlie defendants in the Circuit Court claimed to hold all the premises in controversy by conveyances from the grantee of Charles Brown, made under the license of the Supreme Court of Massachusetts, and the act of the Assembly'of Alabama.
It was further in evidence, that Oliver Holman erected stores on the lot, and used them for four years, when he died.
The lot, which was proven to have been in the actual possession of Geronio, ws enclosed, there being a line of fence running from the street on the north to the southern boundary of the lot, and followed bv the meanders of high tide water mark. There was no person who ever enclosed to the east of this lot, or who had ever.set up any claim upon it, except so far as the facts disclosed the claim of Lucy Landry, under Geronio. The ground in dispute was more than one hundred feet distant from the enclosure of Lucy Landry, and was at all times subject to the influx of the tide, prior to the improvements of Holman. It was in evidence that all the land east of Lucy Landry's enclosure, before the improvements of Holman, had been used, as all the land on the same line from St. Francis street to Governoet street, on the same line, had been used, as a public landing-pla by the people under the Spanish government: and that no ifn-, provements or obstructions had been erected upon.that tract of land.
The Circuit Court decided that the bond from Holman to c2

30

SUPREME COURT.

[Watkinqv. Holman et al.]

Brown, and the proceedings of the Supreme Court of Massachu-
setts, and the deed under those proceedings were not sufficient to confer any legal title upon the defendant ; these proceedings were without authority and of no effect, and that theywere adrnissible as evidence, only to show the nature of the defendants' claim of possession. The Court also charged the jury that the act of the legislature, and all proceedings under it, were void, and the evidence was competent only to show the defendants' claim and possession; to which decision, as well as to the charge, the defendants' counsel excepted. The defendants then offered in evidence a map obtained from the general land-office at Washington city, .purporting to have been made in 1761, and which was certified to have been on file there, made by one surveyor. This map indicated that the city was. then laid off into regular squares, and bounded by streets; that there ws a space between thefront square and the margin of the river, not divided, and that this space was marked in the two halves, with the word quai. The defendant ga.ve evidence, conducing to
irove that the lands sued for were embraced within that space. and that itcontinued to be public and open, till Holman's possession and improvements in1818; and so -contended before the
jury.
The defendants further gave evidence, that Holman and Brown were merchants, band that the carpenters who -built the houses on the lands in dispute were sent out by the said Brown; that Brown and Holman were in partnership as merchants, and that in carrying on their business, these buildings were used as storehouses; that Brown resided in Boston, and h~d never been in Mobile, and that Holman resided in Mobile; that the storehouses were reputed to be Holman's, and not. Ho-imah and Brown's. After the death of Holman, agents 'of Brown went. into.possession; whether instantly or after the execution of the deeds aforesaid, his agents or vendees have enjoyed entire and exclusive possession of the premises. It was further in evidence that the house in possession of defendants, fronts on Water street, one of the streets of the city: whereupon the Court charged the .jury,. that if they believed, from the evidence, that' Gerohio claimed title to the premises in question, and was in actual pos'session of a part of the lot of land to-which 'they Were then

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

31

(Watkins v. Holman et a.]

attached, and remained in possession and claiming title from and prior to the year 1785, till the time of his death; and that before his death he gave the whole of said lot to LUcy Landry; and that her father thereupon took and held possession of it for her until she arrived at full age, when she took possession, and claimed title to the full extent of the boundaries in the deed from her to McKinsie and Swett; and that since the possession of Mobile by the United States, the streets and quai have been so altered by the municipal authorities of said city, that the said quai has been discontinued or otherwise abolished, and the said Water street erected in lieu of it; and that the premises in question are within the boundaries of the said lot conveyed, as aforesaid, by Lucy
Landry to McKinsie and Swett, and by them to Oliver Holman; and that said Holman entered upon and remained in possession of the said premises from the date of his purchase. until the time of his death; the plaintiffs are entitled to a verdict, unless the jury believe, from the evidence, that actiial possession was delivered by said Holman to Brown, under said bond for title; and that said Brown had remained in possession, and that the possession had been regularly transmitted through those claiming tinder him to the defendant. The defendant contended that the premises in question were not embraced within.the claim of Lucy Landry, but formed a portion of the public quai. That the entry of Holman under the title derived from Lucy Landry, and the building of stores on the lot, gave him no title, and that his heirs could not maintain an ejectment for the lot, against those claiming under his partner, Brown. This the Court overruled,-and the counsel for the defendant excepted.
The defendant's counsel contended that,from the bond,the proof in the cause, and the admission of Catharine Holman in the record
of the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts, thereto attached, it appeared that Holman and Brown were jointly interested in the premises at the period of his entry. That although Brown
never was upon the land, that the same was held by Holman for their joint benefit; and that though no actual possession was delivered under the bond for-title, that if those facts were found, that Brown, or those claiming under him, could not be sued for the moiety in the bond; without a demand and notice to quit. This the Court overruled.

32

SUPREME 'COURT.

[Watkins v. Holman et aLJ

The case was argued by Mr. Ogden and Mr, Legare, for the plaintiffs in error; and by Mr. Crittenden and Mr. Key, for the defendants.

Mr. Ogden contended that, in the Court below, the plaintiffs in error had proved their title to the premises in dispute, and the Court shoult nave nonsuited the defendants, the plaintiffs, in the ejectment; or charged the jury that they were not entitled to a verdict in their favour. 'The plaintiffs in error, and those under whom they claim, had been in possession, under a, paper title, since. 1822, claiming the premises as their own;- fifteen years before the commencement of this suit. Before being turned out of possession, the defendants in error are called upon to show a valid subsisting title to the premises. Possession is a valid title against all the world, until a bettbr title is shown.
The first question now arises-we claim the property under a title derived from Oliver Holman, the ancestor of the defendants in error, his heirs at law. Can we be permitted to question and deny the title of the ancestor under whom we claim?
This point seems to be settled in this Court, in the cases of Blight's Lessor v. Rochester, -7Wheat. 497; Bradstreet v. Huntington, 5 Peters, 402, and Willison v. Watkins, 3 Peters, 43.
It is denied that Holman ever had a title to the lot in controversy. It is asserted to have been derived from a Spaniard, Geronio; but no paper title is shown to have been in him. All the title set up as having existed in him. was, that of possession of a lot at the comer of St. Francis and Royal streets, to which Lucy Landry afterwards became entitled under him, and which, when of age, sl.e conveyed to the grantors of Oliver Holman. No grant from Spain was made to Geronio ; none is asserted td have been given. The enclosure ran down to and along high-water mark, on the line of which there was a fence.
The premises in dispute in this case are more than one hundred feet distant from the enclosure of Lucy Landry, and were all open until improved by Holman.
Geronio having had no paper title, and pretending to no title but possession, nothing can be clearer than that his title bxtended no further than the actual possession; and -he gave no more to Lucy Landry. The law upon this point is entirely settled.

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

93

[Watkins v. Holman et P1.]
Lessor of Clarke v. Courtney, 5 Peters, 354; 2 Johns. Rep. 230; Mass. Rep. 416; 3 Wash. C. C. R. 475. The title set up by the heirs 9f Holman not having any other -undation than that of Lucy Landry, it is manifest, that against _.holder of the lot by possession and improvement by Holman,
and nbw with the improvements held by the plaintiffs in error, that title cannot be sustained.
There is another view to be taken upon this question of possession, to which the attention of the Court is. requested. The fence, including the lot occupied by Geronio, and Landry under him, ran down to high-water mark, and followed the meanders of high-water mark. No person had an enclosure to the east of this lot, or had a claim on it, except Landry: it was more than one hundred feet from her enclosure, and was at all times subject to the reflux of the tide, prior to the improvements of Holman, in 1818. It had been used as a part of a public highway, and as a public landing-place by the people under the Spanish government. These facts clearly prove that there never was even an assertion of title by any one to this lot, before Holman
improved it. Again, the property now in dispute is one hundred feet below
what in 1818 was the high-water mark. Now, by the common law, all land beyond ordinary tide water-mark belongs to the crown. It is not necessary to cite cases to prove this as a general principle. The principle is of universal prevalence in the states of the Union, borderine on tide-xwaters.
It is admitted that the right to the shores of tide-water may be acquired by grants from the crown, or government. Sir Henry Constable's case, 5 Holt, 107; Angel on Tide Waters, 140. Although a grant fr6m the crown may be presumed after long possession. But this only shows that by grant alone the title can be acquired. Appendix to Angel on Tide Waters, 43, and the cases cited. The evidence of such a grant would be the embanking against the sea, and using the ground. Hale de Jure laris, part I, ch. 6. page 27. But the evidence in this case shows no'such state of facts; and if there is Qtny law of Spain which differs on this point fro the common law, it should hav.e been shown, and, as a foreign law, should have been proved.
There, is another fact appearing on the record, which should

34

SUPREME COURT.

[Watkias v.Holman et al.]
have great influence on the Court in considering the point now under examinttion. The map gave in evidence has the word "quai," marked upon it, showing that this lot was considered as a quai. City of New Oleans v. The United States, 10 Peters, 715. This shows that the defendants in error have not and'never had any legal title to this 16t. It was a public landing, and was always so considered While Spain had possession of'the country.
The plaintiffs in error, defendants in the Circuit Court, had a sufficient title to give them a right to a verdict in their favour, under instructions from the Court.
Oliver Holman, the ancestor of the defendants in error, died in Mobile, before March, 1823. He died intestate, and administration was granted to his widow. Some tinie after which, the legislature of Alabama passed the act authorizing the administra%rixto sell the estate'of Oliver Holman 5 under the provisions of this act, and in full conformity with them, the administratrix sold the estate, and conveyed it to Charles Brown, under whom, and by-virtue of the conveyance authorized by this act, the plaintiffs in error held a moiety of the property. There is, nothing in the record to impeach the fairness of this -sale, or to show that the property was not sold for its full value.
The Circuit Court -held this act of the legislature of Alabama void. The reasons for this decision are not given, but it is presumed they were:
1. It is supposed that the- law interfered 'with and took away he, vested rights of the heirs at law of Oliver Holman; or,
2.That this was a judicial act,.which it was not competent for the legislature of Alabama to perform.
Does this law take away the vested rights of the heirs of Oliver Holman? If the law is void on this ground, it must be because the legislature had no power to pass this law: for, if constitutional, the law can nowherp be questioned. It cannot be objected to the law, that it infringesthe obligation of contracts, and is therefore void t1nder the Constitution of the United States. The law authorized the,sale of the lot for.the purpose of paying the debts of Holman, and thus enabling the administratrix, I&okeep his contracts. How then.can it be incompatible with the obligation of contracts . But it has been declared by this Court,-in the case of Satterlee v. Matthewson, 2 Peters, 414, that it has nowhere been

JANUARY TBrRM,- 1842.

35

[Watius V.Holman et al.]

said, that a state statute which divests a vested right, is incompatible with the Constitution of the United States.
Nor is the law inconsistent with the constitution of Alabama. By the laws of Alabama, upon the death of Holman, his real estate descended to his heirs; but in their hands itwas subject to the
payment of his debts. A law which authorizes the sale of such lands for the payment of the debts cannot be exceptionable. In the constitution of Alabama, there- is nothing which, in terms, prohibits the passage of such a law; nor-is the law a judicial.act, thus trenching on the other constitutional departments. The law does nothing in its special provision, but what had been done in effect, by the general laws of Alabama, authorizing the sale of the estates of decedents for the payment of debts. But as, from the particula; local situation of the administratfix of Oliver Holman, she could not be proceeded against under the general law, this special enactment is, made. The same responsibilities for the payment of the debts-are continued.; and security is required for the performance of the duties to pay the debts out of the proceeds of the sales. No vested rights of the heirs of Holman were impaired, for all their rights were subject to the debts of their ancestor. In support of these 'principles, cited, Stoddard v. Smith,
5 Binney 355; Wilkinson v. Leland, 2.Peters, 626; Bank of Hamilton v: Dudley's heirs, 2 Peters, 523 ; 16 Massachusetts Rep. 326; 13 Serg. & Rawle, 425; 2 Vernon, 711' 4 Cruise's Digest, 520.
Toulman's Digest of the Laws df Alabama, contains a number of private acts sinilar t&this,- on pages 344, 345, 346. The constitution was formed in 1819, and this act passed in 1824., It was a contempioraneous exposition ofthe constitution:
The act was no doubt passed on the application of the administratrix of Oliver Holman, and was enacted to enable her to pay the debts. It does not direct the sale, but authoriies it.. The predumption is that it was passed to enable the administratrik to do her duty. He-who seeks to avoid an act upon the ground that it was procured upon false suggestions, must prove, affirmatively, that the suggestions were false. There is not only no proof in this case, that Holman's estate was not in debt at the time of his death; but the contrary is nowhere pretended. The law will therefore be presumed to have passed in good faith.

SUPREME COURT.
EWatkins v. Holman et al
But it is said this law is,against the constitution of Alibama, because it is a judicialact; -and thus invades one of the branches of government, which 'can along exercise judicial powers.
Without the express prohibition of the constitution of Alabama, liiniting to each department its special duties, the separation of the government into legislative, executive, and judicial, was sufficient -to prohibit each branch from invading the constitutional powers of the other.
But the act under examination is not a judicial measure. Judicial power is the xight to decide between different parties ; the power to declare what the law is betweenconflicting parties, and to carry judgments and decrees -into effect, How then can the act in question be considered judicial? It does 'not decide between the administratrix and the creditors; it leaves all qiuestion as to the distribution' of the proceeds open; and they must be decided, by the judicial tribunals, ifthe parties cannot adjust them. Cited, Wilkinson v. Leland, 2 Peters, 660.
The Courts of the United States sitting -ir.thestates, adopt the construction of the constitutions of the states, which-have been given'by the decisions of the highest judicial tribunals of the states. This is essential to harmony between the Courts of the Union, and of the states. What would be the confusion if' one construction were given to 'he constitution of the state, in tle Courts of the states, and in the Courts of the United States, a different construction? So, too, as t6 the laws of the states, It must be very plain that an act of the legislature is a violation of the constitution, to justify a Court to pronoince it void. 5 Mass. Rep: 534; "12 Mass.-Rep. 417. In this case we have the uniform legislation of Alabama, since the state was organized, in .corroboration of the constitutionality of this act; and titles to lands to an immense value are held under special acts of assembly similar to this, A decision here against the validity' of this law, would shake the titles to a large amount of property within the state. The early passage of.laws of a similar character with this- now under examination, is a contemporaneous exposition of the constitution; for they were passed within a very few years after the constitution was adopted. In Alabama the question"'was at rest; until disturbed by the decision of the Circuit Court in the case now before the Court.

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

37

[wat -&Holmim et al.]

The title of the plaintiffs in error to, one-moiety of the property, has never been shown. As to the other moiety, it is seen from the evidence in the case that after the death of tolman, Brown, is partner, went into possession of the whole property. The buildings and wharf were called Holman and Brown's wharf, and Holman and Brown's buildings; and Holman promised by a title-bond to convey one-half to Brown.
Mr. Ogden then proceeded to refer to the proceedings in the Supreme Court of Massachusetts, and to show that -they are in entire conformity -with the laws of Massaehusetts; and that the deed executed by the administratrix to Brown, for the property described in the bond of Holman, was so executed under the decree of the Court, after notice,'and with the knowledge and consent of the administratrix and of the heirs of Oliver Holman, acting personally, or represented by their guardian.
The application to the Supreme Court of Massachusetts was similar to a prayer for a decree of specific performance. The Court are asked to permit the administratrix to make a deed in conformity with the contract stipulated in the bond. A deed was made in execution of this decree of the Court.
This presents the question whether, under these circumstances, the defendants below have shown a legal title to this moiety of the property.
The legal estate is considered as.so vested in the mortgagee as tiat he may maintain ejectment against the mortgagor, and turn him out of possession. The legal estate is in the mortgagee, and yet, after his death, the administrator of the mortgagee may recover the amount due on the mortgage, ,and, by entering satisfaction, destroy the legal estate in the mortgagee. This is so, not only id'equity, but in law.
Why is this? Because the mortgage is mere evidence of a debt, which the administratrix has a right 'to recover, and of course to acknowledge satisfaction for it; and the heir at law is
not injured, for his ancestor never had any iriterest in the land mortgaged, other than as a security for a debt; which being paid, that interest has ceased. Now, in this case, the act of the administrator destroys the legal estate of the mortgagor, and of his heirs. Let that reasoning be applied to the case before -the Court.
VOL. XVI.-D

38

SUPREME COURT.

[Watkins v.Holman et al]
An administrator is bound to perform all the contracts entered into by the testator, whose estate he represents; or to incur damages'for the nonperformance of them, so far as the assets in hiq hands will enable him to do so.
If the testator gave a bond or note, the administrator must pay iti and so in-reference to any other contract."*The assets in his hands are answerable for the nbnperformance of the contracts of the intestate. If he contracted to sell lands, the assets in the hands of the administratrix are liable for damages for nonperformance.
Holman was bound b his bond to.convey the moiety of. the property to Brown, and Brown. could have maintained an action for damages on the no'nperformance of this contract by the admit nistratrix. The real estate of Holman could have been sold for the payment: of darmges.
Holman held this moiety of the property in trust for Brown. He had a bare faked trust, without any beneficial interest whatever in-it. As in the case of a mortgage, the receipt of the money by an administrator extinguishes the estate of the heirs of the mortgagee; so, in such a case as this, the administratrix of Holman, by satisfying the claim of Brown, by a conveyance of the estate, "divestedthe estate of the heirs of Holman.
What may.be done on compulsion by an administrator, it is contended may be done voluntarily.
iris contended that the estate descended to the heirs of Holman as trustees, Brown and his grantees being cestu que trusts, and in possession of the estate. It is then a case in which trustees having iio benoficial interest in ihe estate proceed by ejectment against the' destui trusts for the estate. This cannot be. 3 Burr. Reports, 1898, .1901; Douglass, 695; 1 Term Rep. 600.
The whole proceedings in the case before the Supreme Court of
Massachusetts were regular. The facts were truly stated in the
p6titidn; riotice was given' to all the parties in interest, and no
objection made by any one of them. The admimstratrix conveyed
according to the decree. If the decree had been, that the heirs
should convey, there could have been no bbjections to their deed.
The question then is, not on the validity of the proceedings in
Massachusetts, but on the validity of the deed.
In'the Circuit Court, it was held that the plaintiffs in error had
shown no valid title to the lot.

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

39

[Watkdns v. Holman et al.]
It is to be observed that, independent of the proceedings in Massachusetts, the- heirs of Holman never had any beneficial estate in this moiety of the lot. Brown's money had paid for it, and their ancestor had promised to convey it. They had no equitable title in it. With the strictly legal estate, they had a barren sceptre in their hands; liable to be taken from them, at any moment, by Brown. A bill in equity filed by Brown, or by the plaintiffs in error, would compel them to part with their legal estate, which they now rely upon in this action. This they cannot do. The whole property had been improved by the joint funds of Holman and Brown; ard a moiety was held by Holman as trustee. There was a clear resulting trust in favour of Brown, by the appropriation of his money to the purchase and improvement of the property. Cited, Story's Equity, 439, 243, 444.
It was for some time doubted, whether, to raise this resulting or implied trust, it should not appear oin the face of the deed passing the estate, that the consideration was paid by another. This doubt no longer exists. (Note to Story's Equity, 443, sec. 1201.) In Wray v. Stull, 2 Ves. & Beam. 388, it is expressly ruled, that where a, joint advance is made, and the deed is taken in the name of one only, there is a resulting trust iii favour of the other. Holman then held.this property, as to one moiety, in -trust for Brown.
Was this trust executed by the statute of uses ? This has not been so held in the cases in 1 Piere Williams, 112: but without questioning this decision of Lord Chancellor Cowper, it may be safely urged, that the language of-the English statute of uses, and the statute of Alabama, are different. By the statute of Alabama the trust is executed. Aikin's Digest of the Laws of Alabama, 94, note 37.
It is contended that under the law of Alabama, the original deed to Holman conveyed to Brown one moiety of the lot; he being entitled to the same in consequence of having paid one-half of the purchase-money.
But if this position is doubted, it is not essential to the case of the plaintiffs in error to maintain it. We have a bond from Holman, under his hand and seal; and this is a good declaration of trust. 2 Piere Williams, 314. Thus Holman acknowledged that

SUPREME COURT.
[Watkins v. Holman et al.]
he held one-half of this property in trust for Brown, and here is not an implied, but an express declaration of tl& trust.
It is contended that the proceedings 'in Massachusetts were equivalent to a decree by a Court of Equity for a specific performance : but if this was not the fact, they did not render invalid the rights of Brown under the laws of Alabama; which it is claimed were such as could not be disturbed by the heirs of Holman, who were no more than trustees.
Mr. Key, for the defendants in error. The heirs of Oliver Holman, who were plaintiffs in the ejectngent ii the Circuit Court, are charged with an attempt to recover lands which have been sold for the payment of the debts of their ancestor; and the proceeds of that sale justly applied to that purpose. But the plaintiffs below have no disposition to defeat the rights of creditors. If they recover the land, they will hold it subject to the debts; and they will be liableto the purchasers, if the debts of their ancestor were paid out of the proceeds of the sale. It is said the defendants in the Circuit Court could have impeached the sale for fraud; and that, not having attempted this, its fairness is to be presumed. It is contended that it was the duty of the plaintiffs i.n error to have proved the fairness of the proceedings. Their course was unusual: they went out-of the established mode of proceeding. The general law of Alabakma was open to them. The property of Holman might have been sold for the payment of his debts, in the usual manner of proceeding. The bond of Hohan to Brown might have been the subject of a suit in the Courts of Alabama. A presumption of unfairness is warranted by the unusual mode of proceeding. Had the Courts of Alabama been resorted to, all would have been legally done. Proof that Holman owed debts, which his personal estate could not pay, would have been given; and all parties would have had notice. The objecti6ns to the title to Lucy Landry have no founda tion. The evidence showed that she had in her possession and claimed title to the land to the river; and all she had was conveyed by those who conveyed to Holman. But the plaintiffs in error cannot contest this title, because they

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

41

[Watkins v. Holman et al]

claim in no other way than under the same title. 10 Johns. 223,

293, 358; 2 Wend. 14.

But it is said the title of the defendants in error is only a legal

titl6; that the plaintiffs have the equity: that the defendants in

error are trustees, and the plaintiffs are cestui que trusts. How is

this made out? Brown and Holman were partners, as merchants.

There must be a clear trust made out, before a Court of Equity

will decree a trust. Here there is nothing; certainly, as to all the

property, except the part nientioned in the bond to Brown. They

were not partners as to the land.

Then their title as to that portion, and the effect of the Massachu-

setts license, and the deed under it, must be considered. Suppose

these Massachusetts proceedings regular, the order of Court gives

no title. The deed was executed iii March, 1824.; and before this

time, in 1823, the act of the legislature of Alabama had ordered

all the real estate of Holman to be sold. Could part of the estate

be conveyed subsequently to this law, to Brown, and another

part sold under the law?

But the proceeding is a nullity. Laws of Massachusetts, vol. 1;

2 Peters, 655; 8 Peters, 144. If this proceeding is a nullity, the

bond, and the admissions of the widow, and of the infant heirs of

Holman, are not evidence; and they cannot be used to set up a

trust, or a declaration of trust, and nothing can be claimed under'

them.

The main question in this case is the validity of the law of

Alabama. The act authorizes the sale of the real estate of Oliver

Holman by his adn;nistratrix, through her attorneys, "on such

terms and in such manner," &c., and gives no direction for the

payment of the debts; nor was it shown that his personal estate

was not sufficient to pay his debts. I Who were the parties to the transaction ? Who applied for the

law? Was it Sarah Holman, or her attorne'ys? She was a non-

resident; she administered in Massachusetts, and it nowhere

appears that she had administered in Alabama.

The first objection to the validity of this law is, that it is a pri-

vate act, and can bind none but the parties to it; Consequently

it did bilid the creditors or the heirs. 2 Black. 346; 16 Mass.

330, 331, 332; 5 Cruise, 8; 8 Johns. 520, 555, 556; Anstruther

288, 291, 294; 7'Johns. Rep. 555. Therefore, no mratter how

D 2

6

SUPREME COURT.
[Watkins v. Holman ot aL]
far the powers of thelegislature of Alabama are unrestricted; this law could not bind either creditors or heirs, because they were not parties to it, gr named in it.
Second. But the legislature of Alabama had no power to pass this law. It would be contrary to a law of Congress. Toulmin's Digest, 911, 912, 453. If it deprived any one of a trial by jury, or.of "judicial proceedings," it would violate the Constitution.
Third. It is prohibited by the constitution of Alabama. The powers of government are carefully distributed by the constitution of Alabama. Each department is to exercise its functions exclusively. The judicial power is'vested in the Courts, but this was an act of judicial power exercised by the legislature. 2 Black. 346; 6 Cranch, 135; 11 Mass. 396; 3 Yerger's Rep. 269, 557, 605, 606; 4 Yerg. 202; 5 Yerg. 320; 1 New Hamp. Rep. 204; 3 New Hamp. Rep. 493; 4 New Hamp. Rep. 19, 109; Baldwin's C. C. Rep. 219.
It is judicial power. Ogden v. Blackeledge, 2 Cranch, 272; 3 Dall. 386; Wilkinson v. Leland, 2 Peters, 633; Crane v. Maginnis, 1 Hai. & Gill, 475; 10 Yerg. 69, 70. It is judicial, because given to Courts. Aikin's Digest, 180, 181. It is also retrospective. 2 Gallis; 139; 7 Johns. Rep. 477, 493; 11 Mass. 396. It impairs vested rights, and puts aside the standing laws. 11 Mass. 396; 4 Wheat. 441; 4 New Hamp. Rep. 572.
The act does not proceed on the allegation that.there are debts due by the intestate, Holman, for which the estate is to be sold. Suppose there were no debts, yet the estate has been sold. If it is said the question as to there being debts is left to the Courts; then this is but a declaratory act, and the administratrix should have applied to the Court, and a sale without such application is a nullity.
The vested rights of the heirs were taken away by this act. They had such rights. They might have entered on the land; and although, by the laws of Alabama, it was liable for the debts of their ancestor, yet this law takes all these rights away, without their knowledge or consent. But it is not true that the heirs held the land subject to the debts of their ancestor. This liability did not exist, until it had been ascertained that the personal estate of Holman was insufficient to discharge his debts. This should have been judicially decided, in due course of law, where they

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

43

[Watwiv, Holai otaL].

would have been represented and heard. 3 Peters' .Rep. I0. Before the land could have been sold, by judicial proceedings, it should have been proved that there was no personal assets, or, if any, that the administratrix and her sureties were insolvent. The legislature having, cowmitted this subject to the Courts, it had no power over it.
To show that the interfererice of the legislature on the subject of the sale of the estates of intestates was -deemed unconstitustional in Alabama, Mr. Key referred to report- of committees of the legislature in 1823, againstihe exerciseof such a power.
It is denied that the proceeding in the Suprenie Court of Massachusetts could authorize the sale of the othe, moiety of the land.
The laws of Massachusetts do not authorize pucti a proceeding for the sale of land out of the state; and if they did, they would be invalid as to land not withinthat commonwealth. All the regulations for the sale of land are necessarily local; and.in every state titles to land within the state can only be made or acquired by its own laws, or proceedings authorizedby it.

Mr. Crittenden, also for the defendants in error. The principal questions in the case are upon the validity 6f the conveyance under the' decree of the Supreme Court of Massachuseits, and the validity of ihe act of the lbgis]ature of Alabama, authorizing the sale of the estate by the admifiistratrix of Oliver Holman. As to the first, the Court determined that the bond, the decree, and deed made under it, conferred nolegal title, and were "ad-, missible only to show the nature of the defendant's claim. and possession-." This decision is supposed to be correct, because there 1s no law of Massachusetts authorizing such a decree, if thb subject wai within her jurisdiction. Secondly, because the subject isextraterritorial to her, and over which she has no jurisdiction: and, thirdly, because the parties, whose title was divested, were not before the 'Court. And it is against the first principles of law to affect a party who has had no opportunity of defence. As to the second question, concerning the sale and conveyance
under the act of assembly, the Court decided that this evidence

SU'PREME COURT.
[Watkdns v. Holman et al.]
"was not sufficient to maintain the defendant's title ;" and "cthat the act, &c., and all the proceedings under it, were void."
This act, considered as an authority to sell, ought, from its own nature, and especially from the circumstances of the case, to be coristrhed strictly. It was evidently the intention of the legislature to annex this authority to the official character of the administratrix; and the term administratrix cannot be regarded as mere descriptio persona, because the money to arise from the sale is to be paid into her hands, "to be appropriated to the payment of the debts'due by the said estate." It was essential, iherefore, that the person selling under this law should have been the lawful administratrix; and, as such, bound to make the directed appropriation of the proceeds of the sale. There is no proof that Sarah Holman was the adminmstratrix; or that she was administratrix within the state of Alabama. If administratrix anywhere, it was in Massachusetts. Proof that she was administratrix, and that administration was granted to her in Alabama, was essential to the validity of the sale and deed under the act. And for that cause, if no other, the decision of the Court was correct in denouncing the deed as "4insufficient to maintain defendant's title."
But we contend further, that the act of the assembly of Alabama is contrary and' repugnant to the constitution of the state of Alabama, as decided by the Circuit Court.
By a general statute of the legislature of Alabama, passed long before the special acf in question, (Touilmin's Digest, 327, 328, 338,)'provision is made for the sale of the real estate of decendents, where their personal estate is insufficient for the payment of their debts, by certain proceedings before the Orphans Court, in which the heirs of all persons interested are to be cited, and a full exhibit of the condition of the estate made by the executor or administrator; and thereuponif it appear proper, the Court may 'direct the executor or administrator to -sell so much of the real estate as may be necessary, &c. In the proceedings directed by this statute, the most careful regard is had to the interest of heirs, and the preservation of their rights. To this law, enacted in 1803, the heirs of Holman, and their inheritance were properly subject; and by "due course of law" the land descended to them might, on the application of the

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

45

[Watkins v. Holman et al.)

executor or administrator of their ancestor, have been sold for the satisfaction of their ancestor's debts. The special act in question usurps, as to this particular case, the judicial function assigned-by the existing general law to the Orphans Court; and, without notice, hearing, or defence, on the 'part of the heirs, in whom the title was as fully vested as ever it was in their father,) authorizes an administratrix to make sale of their inheritance. We say tht the legislature could not take from them their property, nor their right of defending their"title in a "due course of law;" *ihich, as we understand, can only be had before some judicial officer or tribunal.
By the constitution of Alabama, the powers of government are divided into three distinct departments, and each confided to a separate body of magistracy; to wit: the legislative, executive, and judicial; and each is forbidden to exercise any power properly belonging to either of the others. This general provision, we suppose, is'violated by the power exercised in this act.
We suppose also that the act is repugnant to several provisions of that constitution. By the tenth section of the first article, no one accused even of crime can be deprived of his life, liberty, or property, "but by due course of law." He cannot in such case be deprived by an act of legislation. Is a man accused of debt in a worse situation than one accused of crime; and may he be deprived of his property by the legislative power, and without "due course of law?"
The nineteenth section of the same act, when taken in connection with the latter part of the eleventh section of that article, seems to authorize and require that thd terms "ex post facto" should extend to cases of this description as well as to criminal cases; and be construed as equivalent to a prohibition of retrospective laws of all descriptions. To confine it to criminal cases, would be to express in very untranslatable Latin, what had been before expressed, in the eleventh section, in very plain English.
By the twenty-ninth section of the same article, it seems to be clearly intended that every one, in every "civil cause," in which his interests are involved, shall have the privilege of defending himself before "any tribunal in this state;" and shall not be "debarred" therefrom. It is asked if the legislature have not "debarred" the heirs of Holman of this constitutional right, in the

SUPREME COURT.
[Watkins v. Holman et al.]
most effectual of all. possible modes; by dispensing with a suit that would otherwise have been necessary, and deciding the "civil cause" by legislative act?
We are further justified in colicluding this act to be unconstitutional by .the controlling authority of the constructioh in which all the functionaries of the government of Alabama have for a long time past concurred and settled down. It is now the settled doctrine of that state, that all such laws as this are contrary to the constitution ; this is the rule of decision in her judicial tribunals.
And her legislature has, in the most solemn and explicit manner, announced the same opinion, and for years past have acted upon it, by refraining from passing any such laws. House Journal of 1833, pages 27, 28, of petitions for such laws, and report thereon by Mr. Hopkins, chairman, &c., 35, 36 ; and report concurred in by a vote of fifty-six to five, p. 36. See also pages 35, 45, for petition of M'Loskey, and report thereon. Senate Joijrnal of 1833, the case of Raney's administrator, &c., 57, 68, and report, &c., 73. House Journal of 1834, petition of Carr's administrator, to sell the lana of his 'intestate, p. 65, and report thereon, p. 92. These documents and records show the opinion and course of decision in Alabama, in respect to the constitutionality of this and similar acts of legislation.
The lot, as originally held by Geronio, fronted on the river as its eastern boundary. The river has receded to the west, considerably, in the lapse of many years, and, by deposits made by ebb and flow of thp tide, there has been a gradual formation of land all along that shore of the river. On the trial, the defendant gave in evidence a map, &c., conducing to prove that the city was laid off in squares, and that there was a space between the front square and the margin of the river, marked "quai;" and gave evidence conducing to show that the premises now in question were embraced. in that space, and that it continued to be public and open, till Holman entered and improved in 1818. It was in proof, that the house and premises in question front on Water street.
(n this the Court instructed the jury that if they believed from the evidence "that Geronio claimed title to the premises in question, and was in actual possession of a part of the lot of land to

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

47

[Watkins v. Holman et al.]

which they were then attached," &c.; and that since the possession of Mobile by the United States, "the streets and quai have been so altered by the municipal authorities of said city, that the said quai has been discontinued, or otherwise abolished, and the said Water street erected in lieu of it, &c.; and that the premises in question are within the boundaries of the lot corveyed as aforesaid to Holman, and by him occupied and improved as aforesaid, &c.; that the plaintiff was entitled to a verdict, &c."
The defendant can have no cause to complain of this instruc-
tion. .If it was not correct, the defendant, to entitle himself to a reversal, ought to have set out all the evidence to show this Court that it had operated to his prejudice. Here no such thing appears. He has not set out all the evidence; and it may well be that all that the evidence that is set out conduced to prove was clearly disproved by other testimony. And every thing is to be presumed in favour of the verdict. Besides, if all the facts were as the defendant's evidence conduced to prove them, no instruction that the Court could have given on them, would have entitled him to a verdict; because the. defendant held and claimed under Holman's title, ind that alone, and is concluded from 'denying that title; and because Holman's possession is evidence enough of title against all the world, except the rightful owner; and if he could have been permitted to make. out that the premises in question were not parcel of Holman's lot, it follows that the defendant shows that he has no title; and is a mere intruder into the houses and possessions of Holman, and his' heirs.
Whether the premises in question were parcel of the lot originally belonging to Geronio, and afterwards conveyed to Holman, was purely a matter of fact for the jury; and the verdict has settled it.
If a question of law could have arisen out of the facts of the case, as to the rights of the owners of lots fronting on the river, to alluvial accessions gradually made to them by the action of the river, &c., that question, plain enough on general principles and rules of law, is authoritatively settled in this case by. the act of Congress of the 26th May, 1824, 7 Laws of the United
States, 318.

48

SUPREME C(OURT.

[Watkins v. Holman et aL]

Mr. Logare, for the plaintiffs in error. The plaintiffs in error are bong fide purchasers, who bought under the solemn sanction of an act of the legislature of one of the most enlightened states-of the Union. Against rights so acquired, the claims of the heirs at law hate been set up. These rights were regarded when other principles in reference to real estate prevailed; when it was the policy to secure, the realty to the heir, in preference to satisfying the demands of creditors. But, now, no such policy, and no such injustice pre-ails. Real estate, like personal property, is subjected to.debts; and the rights of heirs at law are inferior to those of just creaitors. Certain facts are ufidisputed in this case: 1. There is no paper title to the lot. The right of Geronio to
the same was by long possession, and this right only, and no more was held by Lucy Landry.
2. The ground in dispute was one hundred feet from the enclosure of Lucy Landry.
3. Lucy Landry conveyed in 1818, to those under whom the plaintiffs in drror held, and now hold the property.
4. All the land up to the time of the possession and improvements of Holman was open, and used as a public landing, as a "quai."
5. The proceedings in the Supreme Court of Massachusetts,' and the act of the legislature of Alabama, and the conveyances under the same to the plaintiffs in error.
First. As to the title set up by the defendants in error, who were plaintiffs below. Are we at liberty to contest that title; or are we estopped, because the conveyances to the plaintiffs in. error ate derived from Holman's possession, whose heirs at law the defendants in error are? Estoppels are of things certain. Courts do not lean in favour of them. Vendor and vendee do not stand in the same relations as landlord and tenant. The same rules do not govern them. The condition of vendor and vendee is different. Cited, Blight v. Rochester, and other cases referred to by Mr. Ogdeii.
The title of Lucy Landry does not cover the land in dispute:
Accretion does not apply to limited possession. The title was by possession, and possession extends no further than the actual pedis possessio. The title was limited to the fence which ran to

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

49

[Watkins v. Holman et al.]

high-water mark. Cited, 2 Johns. Rep. 230; 6 Cowan, 617;

1 Cowan, 276.

The law of alluvion applies only to possession. 1 Justinian's

Institutes, book 2, title 1, paragraph 20; Heniccius, 158 ; Grotius,

book 2, ch. 8, page 12. The law of accretion should give the

ground which is thus raised from the water to the public. It

ought not to become private property. If the Court decide that

the plaintiffs in error come in to the question of the title of those

who claim the property frnom them, they will decide against any

right which they may set up s accretion.

The statute of 1824 Was intended only to confirm the title of

those who were in the actual possession of the ground on the xiver;

and cannot be construed to sustain a title which denies the right

of possession.

Under the circumstances exhibited in the case, the purchase

and improvement of this property out of the joint funds of the

pa tnership of Holman and Brown, Brown had a resulting trust

in ohe moiety of this property, which will be protected in a Court

of law. The estate of a cestiii que trust may be set up in a Court

of law. To the cases already cited to sustari this position are

to be added, 3 Johns. 216; 16 Johns. 199; 10 Johqs. 97;

7 Wendell, 379.

Resulting truits are excepted out of the statute of frauds, and

may be proved by parol. 4 Kent's Com. 306; 2 Wash. C. C.

R. 441 ; 2 Atkins, 71.

If it is proved that this property was purchased with partner-

ship money, the plaintiffs in error were ownes .in law. This is

fully prbved.

The proceedings in the Supreme Court of Massachusetts are

r6e's adjudicata. The Court proceeded on the ground that there

was a trust; and they directed'the administratrix to convey, after

all the notice required by the law of Massachusetts had been

given to the infants, and to the heirs at law. The contract of

Holman was a personal contract, and it was therefore proper that

the administratrix should convey.

The act of the legislature of Alabama, under which the other

moiety of the property was sold, makes the land equitable assets

for the payment of the debts. This is no more than leaving to

he Courts to settle all other questions. The statutes of Alabama

VOL. XVI.-E

7

50

SUPREME COURT.

[Watkins v. Holman et al.]

allow a foreign administrator to represent the estate ofr.k deceased person.
The heir at law is a bate trustee for creditors. Lands are sold for the payment of the debts of a decedent, without making his heirs parties to the proceedings. 2 Cranch, 407; .1 MICord's Chan. Rep. 294; 4 MICord's Chan. Rep.'128; 4 Kent's Com. 429. The law of Alabama does no more than authorize that to be done at once, which by a long course of proceedings in tie Courts could have been effected. itis impossible to lay down the limits between legislative and judicial powers. It is not in the power of the Courts to interfere, and say this was not legislative power; and thus to assume a control over the legislature which will destroy it. This Court will not sustain such an interference. The only objection to this law is, that it was passed in a particular case; but .this does not anhul the law. The proceedings in the legislature of Alabama, subsequent to this act, may have been proper, but they do not show that the power to pass
the law did not.exist. The result of this reasoning is,.that. the .legislature have the
power; and the exception must be made out fully by the language of the constitution. -It must b6 clearly shown that the law was against the constitution.
Ther6 is no pretence to say this was a judicial act. *The law does not affirm that there were debts. All it did was to declare the land subject to the debts. The existence of the debts, and their amount, are to be made out before the Court.
The cofistitution of Alabama says no more than is said by all the constitutions of. the states. The powers of ihe government are divided in every state. No objections can be made to the law, on the ground that it was ex post facto. Ex post facto laws prohibited by the Constitution of the United. States are laws relating to crimes. None of the cases cited sustain the position that this act is unconstitutional. Cited, 1 Gill & Johnson, 474; 2 Kent, 104; 2 Gallis. 100; 1 Kent's Com. 455,456.
Has the law of Alabama been executed ? This question Was not made below; but if it had been, it would have been shown that the' law was entirely complied with. The administratrix did what she was allowed to do, by cenverting the land into

JANUAPY TERM, 1842.

51

[,Watki r. Holman et al

assets to pay the debts; the security required .bythe law having been given.

Mr. 'Justice M'L.AN delivered the opinion of the Court. This cause is brought before this Court, by a writ of error to the Circuit Court of the United States for the southern district of Alabama. The heirs of Holman commenced an action of ejectment against the plaintiffs in error, to recover possession of a certain lot in the city of Mobile. On the trial, the lessors of the plaintiffs proved that, before the year 1785, one Geronio was in possession of a lot in the city of Mobile, at the corner of St. Francis and Royal streets, which he continued to occupy until his death. Previous to his death he devised the lot to Lucy Landry, whose father, Simoh Landry, took charge of it for his daughter until she became of age, when she occupied it as her own property. In 1818 she conveyed the lot to M'Kifisie and Swett, by deed, in which the eastern boundary was stated to be the Mobile river; and it is.admitted that the deed embraced the lot in dispute. M'Kinsie and Swett conveyed the premises on the same day to Oliver Holman; and in'1818 lie took possession of the lot in controversy, erected houses and a wharf on it, and continued to occupy it as a merchant, in copartnership with one Charles Brown, who lived in Boston, Massachusetts, until December, 1822, when Holman died. He left, a his heirs; the lessors of the plaintiffs. There was no proof of any.paper title in Lucy'Landty or her father, except the will above stated. Her possession commenced' in the year 1800, or prior to that time; and it was-proved that her enclosure extended on Royal street, the whole distance claimed in the declaration; and, on the east it fellowed the high-water mark of -the Mobile river. It was proved that Water street, which runs parallel with
Royal street and the Mobile river, was an irregular bank, reaching from St. Francis street southerly, the length of the city, formed by a deposit of shells and earth, a'nd was higher than any land east of it, or any land to which the.water. extended. This land was not subject to inundation, though in maiiy places the water ran acfoss it.

52

SUPREME COURT.

[Watkins v. Holman et aL]

Until the improvements by Holman, the lot in controversy was not susceptible of occupancy. Water street was laid out in 1817 or 1818, and the lot in dispute lies east of that street and east of the high land above described... The ridge or high land was protected by the Spanish authorities'; no person was permitted to remove the earth or improve on the ground. It was called the king's highway and landing-place. And after the American authorities took possession, the general impression seemed to be that the ground east of Water street did not belong to the proprietors of lots west of it. But these proprietors in some instances made entries on this gtound; and in others, entries were made by the corporate authorities of the city.
.Under this state of doubt, the act of Congress of the 26th of May, 1824, wa passed. Holman, it seems, built a, wharf and warehouse on the lot in 1819 or 1820, and these were amohg the earliest improvements made east of Water street.
'The defendants proved that since the year 1823, they, or those under whom they claim, have had the exclusive possession of the lot; and that they made valuable improvements thereon. They gave in evidence copies of deeds from Lucy Landry to M'Kinsie and Swett, and, from them to Oliver Holman. They also exhibited in evidence a title-bond, dated the 29th of September, 182.1, from Holman to Brown, for half of the land conveyed to him by M'Kinsie and Swett, excepting certain parts described. The' deed was to be executed in two years. A map was also in evidence, purpQrting to have been made in 1-760, by a Freng surveyor. The map represented the land lying near the river as divided into oblong squares bounded by streets, and that the vacant space between the river and the front line of the square had the word "qirai" written upon it. But it is not shown by what authority this map was made, or that it governed in the sale of lots. Until the year 1817. the king's wharf was the only one in the city.
To explain the nature and extent of Lucy Landry's claim and possession,*certain documents from the land-office at St. Stephen's, Alabama, were offered in evidence; and also an act of the legislature of Alabama, passed the 21st of December, 1823, authorizing the administratrix of Oliver Holman to sell the real estate of which he died seised in the city of Mobile. It was proved

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

53

-[Watkinsv.Holman et al.]

that Holman's estate was insolvqnt; and it Was admitted that the attorneys of the administratrix, named in the act, had given the' bond required before the premiies in question were sold. The deed made in pursuance of the sale under the act of the legislature was. read; also a record of certain proceedings in the Supreme Court of Massachusetts, 'wherein a license to the administratrix
was given to make a deed in pursuance of the. title-bond to
Brown, and the deed. that was made under this authority. The Court instructed the jury that the act of Alabama wa
unconstitutional and void, and that no title passed under it; and that the proceedings in the Massachusetts Court were inoperative, and did not authorize the administratri x to convey the title.
The Court also overruled, as evidence,'the documents above offered, contained in a volume of state papers published under the authority of Congress.
Exceptions were taken to the rulings of the Court, and to their instructions to the jury; and on these, the questions for consideration ,arise.
The plaintiff in error asks a rev rsal of these judgments on two grounds.
1. Because the lessois of the plaintiff showed no legal title. 2. Because the defendant established a title in himself. On the part of'the defendant's counsel it is contended, that, as the plaintiff in error claims under Holmn, he cannot question his title: and in support of this position the cases of Jackson ex dem. v.Bush, 10 Johns. 223; Jackson ex dem. Bowne v. Hinman, 16 Johns. 292, 2,93, are relied on. But these are cases in which the lessors of the plaintiff claimed under sheriffs' sales; and the defences set up were under the defendants in the judgments. The Court say, "The rule, excluding a defendant against whom there .has been a judgment and execution from defeating the purchaser's recovery of his possession, by setting up a title in some third person, is founded on justice and policy; and the reason of the rule equally applies where such defendanthas, in the mean time, delivered up his possession to another." The case of Brant ex dem. Cnyler et al. v. Livermore, cited from thesame volunre, arose between landlord and tenant. And the decision relied on in Schauber v.Jackson, 2 Wendell, 14, does not sustain the ground assumed.
E 2

SUPREME COURT.
[Watkai v. Holman et al1)
The relation of landlord and tenant in no sense exists between the vendor and =endee; and this is especially the case where a conveyance hias been executed. In the language of this Court, in the case of Blight's Lessee v. Rochester, 7 Wheat. Rep. 548, the vendee acquires the property for himself, and his faith is not pledged to maintain the title of the vendor. If the vendor has actu ily made a conveyance, his title is extinguished." And the Court say, QT: he property having become, by the sale, the property of the vendee, he has a right to fortify that title by the purchase of any other which may protect him in the quiet enjoyment of the premises."
To the saine effect are the cases of the Society for the Propagation, &c., v. the town of Pawlet, &c., 4 Peters, 506; Jackson ex dem. Bradstreet v. Huntington, 5 Peters, 402; Thomas Willison.v. Watkins, 3 Peters, 43.
tucky, it is well established that a purchaser, who has obtained a conveyance, holds adversely to the vendor, and may controvert his- title. Voorhies v. White's heirs, 2 Marshall, 27; Winlock v. Hardy, 4 Lit. Rep. 274. And this is the settled doctrine on the subject.
The plaintiff in error contends, as the lessors of the plaintiff have shown no paper title emanating from the government, they must be considered as trespassers; and that their right is strictly limited to the pedig possessio of the occupants under whom they claim. That a mere trespasser cannot set up the right of a riparian proprietor, unless his enclosures are extepded so as to include the alluvial formations.
In the case of Ewing's Lessee v. Burnet, 11 Peters, 41, this Court held that an enclosure was not necessary to show possession, under the statute of limitati ns. That for this purp6se it is sufficiefnt to show visible and notorious acts of ownership exercised over the premises.
In this case it appears that the proprietors of the contiguous lots, by a deposit of earth and other means, contributed to the new formation on the shore of the river; so ihat this formation was not wholly attributable -to the action of the tides. And it may well be contended that this labour of the proprietors made their claim and possession of the water-lot as notorious as if it
ad been surrounded by an enclosure. It appears, too, that the

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

55

-[Watkins v. Holman et aL.

wharf and warehouse were erected by Holman on .the lot in dispute., as soon As it was susceptible of occupation. These-facts, connected with the possession of the adjacent lot'since 1785, present a strong ground to presume a title. And so far as regards the controversy between the parties to this record, andlooking only at the facts and circumstances before us, we think that the Ibt in dispute may be considered as included in the title of Hoflnan.
The position assumed by the plaintiff's cohnsel, that a mere intruder is limited to his actual possession; and that the rights of a riparian proprietor do not attach to him, is correct. He can have no rights beyond his possession. The doctrines of the common law on this subject have been taken substantiall# from'the civil law. In the case of the Mayor of New Orleans v. The United States, 10 Peters, 662, we had occasion to examine this doctrine, especially in reference to -the laws of Spain.
The act of Congress of the 26th May, 1824, entitled "_An 'act granting certain lots of ground to the Corporation of the city.of Mobile, and to certain individuals of said citil embraces the lot in controversy; whether the title be -ested in the lessors of the plaintiff, the defendants in the ejectment, or in the city of Mobile. As no right to this lot is asserted on the part of the' city, we can now only consider.the law as affecting the title before us.
At the time the law was passed, either the plaintiffs or defendant were the proprietors of the front lot, and claimed-the water lot with its improvements; and this' brings them within any known construction of the act of 1824. It relinquished to the proprietor or proprietors of the front lot, under the circumstances of this case, whatever right, if any, the United States had to the water lot.
The volume of state papers offered in evidence by the defendants, we think, should have been admitted. This volume was published under an act of Congress, and contains the authentication required by the act. Its contents are, therefore, evidence.
The recital in the preanible of a public act of Parliament of a public fact, s evidence to prove the existence of that fact. Rex v. Sutton, 4 Maule and Selwyn, 532 ; Starkie on Evidence, 197. The journals of the House of Lords have always been admitted as evidence of their proceedings, even in criminal cases; and the

56

SUPREME COURT.

[Watkins v. Holman et al.]

journals of the House of lommons are also admissible. It is said that the journals, are not evidence of particular facts stated in the resolutions, which are not a part of the proceedings of the House; lis, for instance, a resolution stating the existence of ; popish plot would not be evidence of the fact in a criminal case. Jones.v. Randall, Cowp. Rep. 17; 5 Term Rep. 465; Doug. 572; Starkie's Ev. 199. . In this country, in all public matters, the journals of Congress and of 'the state legislatures are evidence; and also. the -repotts' which have been sanctioned and published by authority. This publication does not make thiat, evidence which, intrinsically, is, not so ; but it give* in a most authentic form certain papers and documents. In the lcase under consideration the volume of doeuments Was offered to show the report of certain commissioners under an act of Congress confirming the title in question. Now, thii original report, dufy authenticated by the treasury departrefit, to which it was made, would be evidence) an.d it is evidence in the published volume. The very highest authenticity attaches to thesb state papers ublished under the sanction of Congress.
We-cbme now to consider the' proceedings, in the Supreme Court. of Massachlisetts. These proceedings'took place undcr a statuteof that state, and were founded upon the title bond given to Brown by Holman. tor nearly a moiety of the lot purchased by him from 'M'Kinsie and Swett. Brown' applied To the Cofrt by petition, setting out the title bond and representing that Hol, mah had' deceased, without njaking a deed; -and h6 prayed that Sarah Holman,.his administratrix, might be liceiised and empowered to execute to him such a conveyance of the premises as Holman would have been obliged to make if he were living.
Sarah Holman, as widow and administratrix, certified to the Court- that- she had read, and had due notice of the petition of Brown, and that she had no objection to the prayer of it.
And the guardian of Sarah Holman and Oliver Holman, minors and childreli of Oliver Holman, deceased, certified that they. also had notice, and that they had nothing to allege against the prayer of the petition.-
The Court, on hearing the petition, licensed and empowered
the administratrix to make the deed. And in pursuance of tis

JANUARY TERM, 184.

57

[Watkins v. Xblmiu et &L],

order she executed 4 deed in conformity with the bohd to Biowv, the iOt. March, 1824.
That this deed is inoperative is clear. I3 was.execut6d by the ,administratrix under a decree or order of the Supreme Court in Massachusetts, and by virtue of a statute -of that state. The proceeding, it is n6t .pretended, was authbrized by any law of Alabama. And no principle is better established than that the .disposition of real estate, whether by deed, descen, or by any other mode, must be goVerned bv the law. of the state Where the "land is situated.
A C6urt of Chancery, adting in'personam, may well decree the conveyance of land in any other state, and -may enforce their decree by process against the defendant. But neither the decree itself,nor any conveyance under it, except by therperson in.whomr the title is vestpd, can operate beyond the Jurisdictibn of the Court.
-The Massac ,asetts Court, in granting this license to the administratrix, did not'exercise Chancery powers. Neither the adminisratrix nor the. minor,heirs were made parties 'andrequired to answer, as a procedure in.Chancery: It was a proceeding at law, informal and summary in its character. The administratrix only was required to execute the conveyance. By the laws of Alabama, she had no power to dispose of the real estate of her husband, as administratrix; except for the payment of t~i debts of the estate, under the sanction of law.
But the defendants insist that the title-bond. given to Brown by. Holman, for a part .of the premises, constituted a good defence in the action; that, the consideration having been paid, Holman and his heirs .held the property in trust for Brown and his assignees; and that a Court of Law will give effect to the trast, at least so far as to prevent the trustees from recovering the possession against the cestui que trust.
This doctrine seems to have been sanctioned, to some extent, in New York, in the cases of Foot and Litchfield v. Colvin and others, 3 Johns. Rep. 216; .Jackson ex dem. Benson v. Matsdorf et al 11 Johns. Rep. 91; Jackson ex dem. Sulye v.Moore, 16 Johns. Rep. 197. These decisions may have been influenced somewhat by the statute concerning uses in that state, which subjects th6 estate of the cestui que trust to execution. In one of the cases,

SUPREME COURT.
[Watkins v. Holman et al.]
Spencer, Justice, giving the opinibn of the Court, says, "Without the aid of the statute, I consider James Litchfield, if he advanced the purchase-money, as having an intC,est liable to be sold on execution."
In the case of Jackson ex dem. W4lton v. Leggett, 7 Wend. Rep. 377, the Court remark, "the legal estate must prevail." "1The only exception to the rule is in the case of a resulting trust: in such case the trust may be proved by parol, and the estate of the cestui que trust may be sold on execution, and has been so far considered the property of the cestui que trust, as to be a defence in an action of ejectment."
This was the doctrine of the Lord Mansfield, in the case of Armstrong and others v. Peirse and others, 3 Bur. Rep. 1899. In Doe on the demise -of Bristow v. Pegge, 1 Term R6p. 758, note a, he lays down the broad doctrine," that a trust shall never be set up against him for whom the trust was intended;" and the other judges concurred.
It is known that that great judge had a strong leaning to the principles of equity in trials at common law. His successor seemed to be under a diffeient influence; although he had been Master of the Rolls for some years. This equitable doctrine in a Court of Law was- overruled in the case of Doe on the demise of Hodsden v. Staple, 2 Term Rep. 684.. Lord Kenyon says, "Is it possible for a Court of Law to enter into the discussion *of such nice points of equity? We have no such authority. Sitting in this Court, we must look at the record, and see whether a legal title is conveyed to the party claiming under tlhese instruments: now, there is no colour for saying that these give any legal title. Without deciding, or presuming to think what 4 Court, of Equity would do in this case, it .is enough for me to say that we are to decide a legal question, and cannot enter into such an entangled equity."' The other judges, except Buller, concurred with the chief justice.
In Doe on the demise of Shewen v. Wroot and others, 5 East Rep. 132, Lord Ellenborough said, "We can only look to the legal estate, and that is clearly not in the devisees, but in the heir at law of the'surrenderor; and if the devisees have an equitable interest, they must claim it elsewhere, and not in a Court of Lai. For as to the doctrine that the legal. estate cannot be set up at

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

59

[Watkins v. Holman et al.]
law by a trustee against his cestui que trust, that has been long Irepudiated." And this is the settled doctrine in England o'n this' subject; and, with few exceptions, in this c6untrk. In the states where no Courts of Chancery are established, Courts of.Law, in giving relief, of necessity, trench upon an equitable jurisdiction.
It is not perceived why a Court of Law should.rdgard a resulting trust more than other equitable rights; and any attempt, to give'effect to these rights at law, through the initrumentality of a jury, must lead to confusion and uncertainty.- Equitable and legal jurisdictions have been wisely separated; and the soundest maxims of jurisprudence require each to be exercisedin its appropriate sphere. We. are clearly of the opinion that the titlebond in question, constituted no defence in the above action.
Whether any title passed under the Alabama statute, is the last point to be considered.
The act authorized. the administratrix of the. late Oliver Holman, resident in the city of Boston, Massachusetts, to sell by Nathaniel 'Littlefield and Gorham Davenport, her attorneys in fact, the real estate of which the said Holman died seised, in the city of Mobile, "1on such terms, and in such manner, as may. be deemed most advantageous to his estate." "The second section authorized the administratrix, by her attorneys, to convey the premises to the purchaser." And the third section provided that before the sale the attorneys shall give bond with sufficient security for the faithful payment of the money received by them to the administratrix, "to be appropriated to the payment of the debts of the deceased."
Under this law, a sale was made, and a conveyance executed to Brown, by Sarah Holman and her attorneys in fact, the 24th April, 1824.
This act of the legislature, it is contended, is in violation of the
,constitution of Alabama; and, with the proceeding under it, is consequently void.
The first section of the second article of the constitution declares that ""the powers of the government of the state of Ala.bama shall be divided into three distinct departments: and each of them confided to a separate body of magistracy, to wit: those which are legislative, to one; those which are executive, to another; and those which are judicial, to another." And the second

SUPREME COURT.
[Watkins v. Holman et al.]
section declares that "no person or collection of persons, being of one of those departments, shall exercise any power properly belonging to either of the others, except in the instances hereinafter expressly directed or permitted."
The passage of the statute, it is insisted, was a judicial act by the legislature, which the constitution inhibits.
On the part of the plaintiffs in error, a great number of acts of this character, by the Alabama legislature, shortly after the adoption of the constitution,.are cited, to show a settled construction of thaf instrument. The defendants in error referred to reports by committees, of the legislature, which maintained the unconstitutionality of these acts. And it is asserted and not contradicted, that since that report, under a conviction of its soundness, the legislature have passed no laws on the subject. A manuscript decision of a Circuit Court in Alabama, in the case of Campbell and Havre v. Scales and others, was read; but the question now under consideration seems not to have been raised. In almost all the states, laws of this description are common; and the titles to an immense amount of property depend upon their validity.
The phraseology of the constitution of Alabama in regard to the distribution of its powers, is somewhat peculiar; but it is not substantially different-from the constitutional provisions of some of the other states. "The third section of the Virginia constitution declares that "the legislative, executive, and judiciary departments shall be separated and distinct, so that neither exercise the powers properly belonging to the other."
Indeed, in all the state constitutions, the legislative, judicial, and executive functions are vested in different functionaries; and itwould seem to follow, that the powers thus specially given should be exercised under their appropriate limitations. The inhibition of the Alabama constitution contains, in terms, that which necessarily arises from the construction of the constitutions of other states.
IXnsome cases it is difficult to draw a line that shall show with precision the limitation of powers; under our form of government. The executive, in acting upon claims for services rendered, may be said to exercise, if nt in form, in substance, a judicial power. And so a Court, in the-use of a discretion essential to its existence, by the adoption of rtles or atherwise, may be said to

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

61

(Watkins v.Holman et aLl
legislate. A legislature, too, in providing for the payment of a claim, exercises a power in its nature judicial; but this is coupled with the paramount and remedial power.
But, whatever difficulty may arise in certain cases, in regard to the exercise of these powers, there would seem to be little or none in the case under consideration.
The character of the act in question is essentially remedial. It contains no other feature. An authority is given to the administraTix to sell, in a particular manner, the property in dispute, for the payment of the debts of the intestate. The act does not determine the amount of the debts, nor to whom they are payable. it is proved, however, that the estate was insolvent. And it is conformably to the settled policy of Alabama, to apply the real estate of a deceased person in payment of his debts. The case under considerqtion, the administratrix residing in Massachusetts, and being desirous of selling the property through her attorneys in fact, was not embraced by the general statute on the subject; and hence the necessity of the special authority.
Now, how does this act differ in principle from the general law on the same subject? The general law was passed from the knowledge which the legislature had of its expediency and necessity. The special law was passed from a knowledge of its propriety in the particular case. The power exercis6d in passing the special as well as the general law, was remedial.
Under the general law, application is required to be made by the executor or administrator to the County Court, representing that the personal estate is not sufficient to pay the debts of the deceased: that he left real estate; particularly describing it, and -praying that it may be sold, &c. A notice is required to be given to the heirs and devisees, &c., who are to answer, &c., and the Court on the hearing are authorized to dedree a sale of the -state, on the petitioner's giving bond, &c.
The mode of procedure under the general law was required bydhe legislature, from motives of expediency; but it by no means follows that it was the only mode they could adopt.. In some of the states, the heirs or devisees ate not required to. be made parties by the administrator. His application is ex parte to the Court; which orders a sale ofthe real estate to pay the debts of the deceased, where the persQnal estate is insufficient. And
Voz.. XVIL-F

62

SUPREME COURT

[Watldns o. Holman et al.]

no doubt can be entertained .that the legislature may authorize the administrator, by a general or a special act, to sell lands to pay debts, where the personal assets are exhausted, without any application to the Court. And in such case the administrator would act on his own responsibility, and be accountable to the creditors and heirs for the correct performance of his trust, in this, as in other parts of his duty.
This is a question of power and not of policy; and on such a qliestion we cannot test the act by any considerations of expediency. Whether the act may be open to abuse, whether it be politic or impolitic, is not a matter now before us: but whether the legislature had power to pasi it.
A report in the senate of Alabama on this subject says; "Upon the death of the ancestor, the real estate owned by him descends to and vests in his heirs, and 'the title thu vested cannot be divested without some proceeding to which the heir is a party. A minor could not legally assent to the passage of a law authorizing the sale of his real 'estate; but would have the right to affirm or disaffirm the sale when he arrived at lawful age."
This is laid down on general principles, and without reference to the constitution of Alabama As a legal proposition, it 'is wholly unsustainable.
In the first place, it is contrary to the general practice of many of the states, and to the received notions of the profession on the subject. Titlesin Ohio and in many other ,states, to a vast afniount of real property, rest upon sales of executors and administrators under the order of a Court, without making the heirs parties; and it' is believed that a doubt of the' validity of such titles, .where the proceedings have been regular, has never been entertained or expressed. These titles have been contestedin State Courts and in this Court; and a defect of'power to convey a good title in the mode authorized, it 'is believed, has never been ,objected.
A course of proceeding so extensive, involving. interests so great, and which has been.subjected to the severest legal scrutiny, isno unsatisfactory evidence of what the law is.
But, on principle, this proceeding is sustainable. On the death of the ancestor, the land owned by hiin descends to his heirs. But how do they hold it?' They hold it subject to the payment

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

"63

[Watkins v. Holman et al.]

of the debts of the ancestor, in those states where it is liable to such debts.
The heirs cannot alien the land to the prejudice of creditors. In fact and in law they have no right to the real estate of their ance.,tor, except that of possession, until the creditors shall be
paid. As it regards the'question of power in the legislature, no ob-
jection is perceived to their subjecting the lands of the deceased to the payment of his debts, to the exclusion of his personal property. The legislature regulates descentS, and the conveyance of real estate. To define the rights of debtor and creditor is their common duty. The whole range of remedies lies within, their province. They may authorize a guardian to convey the lands of an infant; and indeed they may give the capacity to theinfant himself to convey them. The idea that the lands of an infant which descend to him, cannot be made responsible for the payment of the debts of the ancestor, except through the decree of a Court of Chancery, is novel and unfounded. So far from this being the case, no doubt is entertained that the legislature of a state have power to subject the lands of a deceased person to execution in the same manner as if he were living. The mode in which this shall be done is a question of policy, and rests in the discretion of the legislature.
The'law under which the lot in dispute was sold decides no fact binding on creditors or heirs. If the administratrix and Brown have acted fraudulently in 'procuring the passage of this act, or in the sale under it, relief may be given on that ground. But the act does nothing more than provide a remedy, which is strictly within the power of the legislature.'
The judgment of the Circuit Court is reversed, and the cause remanded for further proceedings, in accordance with this opinion.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record
from the Circuit Court of the United States for the southern district of Alabama, and wa: argued by counsel. On considertion whereof, It is now here ,considered, ordered, and adjudged by this Court, that the judgment of the said Circuit. Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, reversed, with costs; and that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said Cir-'

64

SUPREME COURT.

[Watkinstv. Holman et al.]

cuit Court, with directions for further proceedings to be had therein, according to law and justice, and in conformity to the opinion of this Court.

Gustavus Beall et al. V.
The Lessee of Holman et al.
This case was also brought before the Court by a writ of error to the Circuit Court for the northern district of Alabama, on substantially the same grounds as those considered in the above opinion. There is no material difference in the facts on which the judgment of the Court rests, between the two cases. The judgment of the Circuit Court in this case is also-reversed; and the cause remanded for further proceedings.

.196

SUPREME COURT.

THE UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS, V. JOHN M. HANSON AND
OTHERS, APPELLEES.
A Florida land claim. - A grant of five miles square, or sixteen thousand acres of land, was made by the Spanish Govemoi of East Florida, at the mouth of the river Santa Lucia. The petition for the grant stated various merits and losses of the petitioner, and asked the grant of five miles square, for the construction of a water saw-mill. The grant was given for the purposes mentioned, and "also paying attention to the ,services and other matters set forth in the petition." No survey under the grant was made by the surveyor-general of Florida; but a survey was made by a private surveyor. The survey did not follow the calls of the grant, and no proof was given that it was made at the place mentioned in the grant. The survey and plat were not made according to the established rules relative to surveys to be made by the surveyor-general undersuch grants. Nor was the plat made with the proportion ofland on the river, required by the regulations. The Superior Court of Florida held that the grant having been made in consideration of services rendered by the grantee, as well as 'for a water saw-mill, it was valid, without the erection of the mill; but the survey was altogether void, and of no effect. The decree of the Superior Court of Florida, by which the grant and survey were confirmed, was remanded to the Superior Court of Florida; that Court to order the sixteen thousand acres granted, to be surveyed according to the principles stated in the opinion of the Supreme Court.
It has often been held that the authorities of Spain had the power to grant the public domain, in accordance with their own ideas of the merits and considerations presented by the grantee; and that the powers of the Supreme Court of the United States extend only to the inquiry, whether, in-fact, the grant had been made, and its legal effect when made, in cases where the law by implication introduced a condition, or it was peculiar in its provisions. No special ordinafice of Spain introduces conditions into mill grants.
Cited, Mrs. Wiggins's Case, 14 Peters;. Sibbald's Case, 10 Peters. The certificate of a private surveyor, that he had permission from the governor of the
territory to make, a survey of the land granted, is no evidence of the fact. There is a rparked and wide difference in the effect of the certificate of the surveyo-general and of a private individual, who assumes to certify without authority. Instructions of 1811, as to the duties of the surveyor-general, in making surveys under grants, by the governors of the public lands of Spain. A grant by a Spanish Governor of Florida, meant not, as in the states'of the United States, a perfect title'; but ;n incipient kight, which, when surveyed, required confirmation by the governor. Theduty"of confirmation by the acts of Congres, is deputed to the Courts of justice of the United States, in execution of the treaty with Spain. The same credence that was accorded to the return of the surveyor-general, by the Spanish government, is d le to it by the Courts of the United States. Plats and certificates, because of the official character of the surveyor-general, have accorded&to them the force and character of a deposition.
ON appeal from the Superior Court of East Florida.

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

197

(The United States v. Hanson.]

Samuel Miles, a new settler, admitted under the protection of the King of Spain, on the 18th of July, 1813, presented a petition to Governor Kindelan, the Spanish Governor of East
Florida, setting forth great services performed by him for the supply of the troops of Spain, in the province, and severe sufferings and losses sustained by him in the service of the crown; and considering himself entitled to some fav6ur, asked for a grant of five miles square of land, for the construction of a water sawmill, at a place fit for the purpose, and which is vacant, situated
at the mouth of the river Santa Lucia. The governor gave the following decree on the petition:

St. du,ustine,Florida,19th July, 1813.

Taking into consideration the benefit and utility that will re-

dound to the province, from a machine for sawing lumber, which

the party proposes to construct in the place which he points out,

and also paying attention to the services and other matters which

he sets forth, let there be granted to him the five miles square of

land which he solicits, without injury to a better right; and in

order to prove this grant, let there be delivered to him from th

secretary's office, the necessary certified copy.

KINDELAN.

On the 7th of May, 1815, a survey and plat of the land, was

returned, with the following certificate:

I, Don Roberto MIHardy, an inhabitant of this province, and

private surveyor, do certify: That in consequence of a permission

from this government, I have surveyed and delineitted a square

of five miles, containing sixteen thousand acres of land, which

this government has granted to Don Samuel Miles, on the nine-

teenth of July, one thousand eight hifindred and thirteen, which

plat is represented ini the preceding plot. St. Augustine, .of

Florida, on the seventh May, one thousand eight hundred and

fifteen.

Ron. I'HARDY.

On the 23d day of May, 1829,'John M. Hanson, and others,
the grantees of Samuel Miles, brought their petition before the Superior Court of East Florida, setting forth the grant to Samuel Miles, and their title under the same; and praying that the land, as surveyed by Robert M'Hardy, might be confirmed to
them. After various proceedings in the Court, at July term, 1840, a it2

198

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. Hanso.]
de.ree -was made by the Honourable Isaac H. Brdnson, judge of the Superior Court, in favour of the claim, in conformity with the survey of Robert M'Hardy. From this decree, the United States proqcuted an appeal.

The case was argued by Mr. Legar6, attorney-general for the United States. No coungel appeared for the appellees.

The attorney-general contended: 1. That there never was any legal survey of the land, under the alleged, grant: and that the survey of Rdbert M'Hardy, who was a pri~ate surveyor, was void for want of authority, even if proved to have been made; and could not sever the lands surveyed from e public'domain. 2. That even if the said'survey were made by legal authgrity, the land surveyed-do not conform to the description in the said pretended grant, and'the said survey is therefore void.

Mr. Justice CATROi delivered the opinion.of the Court. This was a grant t6 Samuel Miles, dated 18th July, 1813, for five miles square of land, or sixteen thousand acres, at the mouth of the river Santa Lucia. The first question' is, was the grant made in property and domuiion, or.was it made on condition that a water saw-mill should be erected? The pbtitioner sets forth variQils merits and losses, aqd'asks the governor to be pileased to grant to him in -virtue of these, the possession of five miles square for the eonstruction of a water saw-mill, fit for the purpose, at a place that is vacant, at the mouth of the river 'Santa Lucia. The grant to be in lawful propert and dominion.
The grant was made to the petitioner for the purpose of constructing the mill in the place pointed out: "and also (says the governor) paying. attention to the services and other matf-rs which he'sets forth, that there be granted to him the five miles
square of land which he solicits, without injury to a better right."
We have oftenheld, that the authorities of Spain were authorized to grant the public domain, in accordance with their own 'ideas of the merits and considerations presented by the grantee:

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

199

[The United States v.Hanson.]
and that our powers extended only to the inquiry, whether in fact the grant, had been made; and its legal effect when made, in cases where the law by implication intr6duced a condition, or it was peculiar in its provisions. Mrs. Wiggins's Case,'14 Peters. As no special ordinance introduces conditions- into mill grants, we must construe the one before us by its own terms.
The party desired the"grant for the purpose of building a sawmill; so he represents, and we must take his statemnnt to be t~ue, as the concession in effect adopts it; and to this end sixteen thousand acres were granted; it being the usual quantity in such cases. The grant, however,.is not founded on that consideration, although intended for that purpose. Meritorious services and losses are relied on; and the land was asked and granted, in lawful prdperty and dominion, without any condition annexed to build the mill.
2. The second objection is to the survey. Its validity is put in itssue by the answer; and its introduction was objected to when offered to be read on the hearing, because it had been made ly a mere private surveyor . 'andbecause it did not follow the calls of the grant. The Court received the survey, and decreed the, land laid off.
There was no proofthat it was atthe place granted, further than. appears by the face of the plat and certificate: and we must inquire what credit ought to have been accorded to them by the Court. Mr. M'Hardy certifies that he was a private surveyor; and that he had permission from the government, whether gbneral or special does not appear. His own statement is no evidence of the fact. And 'so it is in regard to his description of the land surveyed, which he certifies as lying at the place granted. There is a marked and wide difference in the effect of the certificate of the surveyor-general and a private individual, who assumes to certify without authority. What the duties of the former are is .well known from the proofs in many cases presented to this Court. They, however, are set forth by the instructions of 1811. Land Laws, 1003, 1004. First, the grant must be presented; then the persons having adjoining lands to the place designated must be notified, that they may be present at the making of 'the survey, with their titles, so that there be no interference; the lands must be bounded by rectangular parallelograms; and fronts on rivers, navigable creeks, and public roads, shall not exceed one third of

200

SUPREME COURT.

[The United States v. Hanson.]

the depth back: to each person, whose lands have been measured, a plat will be given, with the lines drawn in black ink; and when bounded by a river, creek, or swamp, (which is permitted,) a quantity will be added, or be deducted, maintaining the rectangular form on the other lines; the number of acres will be on the centre of the plot; and the scale one inch to four chains. The plat will be delivered to the grantee with the following inscription: "Plat of the number of acres of land, of A. B., in such a place, measured and bounded by the public surveyor of this province, Don George Clarke, East Florida; the day of the year and month, on the same tracts. George Clarke." "cThe surveyor will keep a book of large paper, and copy therein the plats he gives out;. these plats will be numbered; the book will be indexed. At the end of the book he will have a sheet of sufficient size for a general plan, containing the surveys for individuals, with the number of each.
"The book will serve to show government what lands are vacant, or not measured; and he shall keep a journal to satisfy the persons having lands adjoining. The corners are to be marked with stakes, three inches diameter at the head; and the owners shall encircle them with oyster shells, two feet deep, and
two feet diameter." A grant delivered out for survey, meant not, as with us, a
perfect title, but an incipient right; which, when surveyed, required confirmation by the governor.. The duty of confirmation, by the acts of Congress, is deputed to the Courts of justice of the United States, in execution of the treaty with Spain.
The same credence, it follows, that was accorded to the return of the surveyor-general by the Spanish governor, before the cession, is due to it by the'Courts of this country. The acts of the officer and the governor were both on behalf of the government; each by his duty was bound to protect the public domain, and to guard the law from violation: if the surveyor, therefore, by his plat and certificate returned that he bad surveyed the land at the place granted, not by the assertion only that it was at the place, but l y a description in legal form, that it was so; then the return was primra facie competent evidence, without further proof, on which the governor could found the confirmation. Plats ahd certificates, because of the official character of the

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

201

[The United States v. Hanson.]

surveyor-general, have accorded to them the force and character of a deposition: the same as Aguilar's certificate .to a copy of the grant; as we held in the case of Wiggins, 14 Peters, 346.
In contrast to the official survey and return, how does this private one of Mr. M'Hardy stand? No proof was made that it was on the land granted; the certificate does not even so assert, and there is' no plat in the record: did it, however, appear in the clearest manner on the face of the paper, it 'would be of no value. The private surveyor acted not for and with the interests, of the government, but at the instance of the grantee; and for his interest, and against the government. The survey was a private act; the plat and certificate private papers, delivered to the grantee, of which no record was made in the surveyor-general's office; and of which the governor could take no notice, unless it was presented to him, and extrinsic proof made that it was for the land granted; and that it had been lawfully made in regard to navigable waters, roads, adjoining granted lands, and line marks. Then he could have ordered a perfect title to issue founded on the survey; as he did do in many instances on surveys of lMfr. M'Hardy, and as this Court has done and would do on similar proof.
The decree of the Superior Court gives the lines and description of the survey, to wit: "five miles square of land situatea at the mouth of the river Santa Lucia: the lines of the said survey thereof are as follows, to wit, the first line commences at a cedar tree marked M, on the bank of Indian river, and runs south sixty degrees, west four hundred chains to a pine marked M; the second line commences at said pine, and runs north thirty degrees west, four hundred chains to another pine marked M; the third line 'runs from said pine north sixty degrees east four hundred chains to a live-oak marked M, oii the banks of Indian river; and the fourth line is formed and bounded by said river."
It is laid down in a square, with one side of four hundred chains on the Indian river. By the fourth instruction to the surveyor-general, (declaratory of the standing. law of the province,) the front on the river could not exceed one-third of the longitadinal extension back. Land Laws, 1004. Nor does the description in the concession, "of five miles square," alter the rule prescribed by the general law. It had reference more to

SUPREME COURT.
[The United States v. Hanson.]
quantity than formi of survey; Sibbald's Case, 10 Peters: and was made on the assumption that no controling objects, such as rivers, would be either included or bounded upon; and if they were, that the general law would govern the survey.
The grant is for five miles square at the mouth of the river Santa. Lucia; this is represented to be a fit place for a saw-mill, to supply timber for which the grant was made. We take it the place is on the side of the Indian river, to which the Santa Lucia-is a tributary; and that the Santa Lucia is not navigable, or a mill would not have been permitted io obstruct it, of this, however, the governor had the right to judge; butwe cannot suppose ,the survey was intended to include the Indian river; or to front on it one-third part. We, therefore, hold the concession carried with it the condition imposed by law, in regard to the form of the survey.
The decree is reversed, and the cause remanded to the Court below to be further proceed&A in. That Cdurt will o der the sixteen thousand acres to be properly surveyed, according to the principles above stated; and found its decree of confirmation on the new survey.

SUPREME COURT.
MATHEW HoBsoN, APPELLANT, v. TnE HEIRs OF DUNCAN
MARTHUR, DECEASED, APPELLEE.
It was agreed between A.'andi H. that M'A. should withdraw the entries of ten thousand acres, part of eleven thousand six himdred and sixty-six acres, which had been located fbr the use of H., and should relocate the same elsewhere; and that the ten thousand acres, the entries of which had been withdrawn, and the ten thousand acres relocated elsewhere by M'A., should be valued by two disinterested persons, ond to be chosen by each party, and if the two could not agrce on the value of the land or any part thereof, they should choose a third person, who should agree on the value of the land, and that H. should have so much of the laud relocated as should amount to the value of the land for which the locations had been renewed; and also to the value of two thousand dollars in addition to the value of the ten thousand acres. The two persons appointed could not agree as-to the value of part of the land, and they nominated a third person. Of the three persons thus appointed, tw6 only agreed ab to the valueof part of the land. By the'Court': It is an unreasonable construction of this agreement, that it was so framed as that it not only might fail to accomplish the very object intended; but, that in all probability it must fail, and become entirely negatory, as the third man was not,to be called in until the two had disagreed. It is, a more reasonable construction to consider the third man as an umpire tb decide between the two that should disagree. This would insure the accomplishment of the object the parties had in view. The valuation by the two
appraisers was within the submission. Where there is an original delegation of power to three persons, for a mere pnvate
purpose, all must agree; or the authority has not been pursued. The Court under the prayer in a bill in Chancery for general relief, will grant such
relief onjf as the case stated in the bill and sustained by the proof will justiiy.
ON appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States, for the district of Ohio.
In the Circuit Court of Ohio, a bill wasfiled by Duncan M'Arthur, asking for a specific performance of a contract, dated the 10th of November, 1810. The complainant and the defendant, with John Hobson, entered into certain- articles of agreement refative to the withdrawal of the entries of land in the state of Ohio, and the re-entry thereof on other lands, out of which, by the contract between the parties, compensation was to be made in the lands included in the relocation of the lands, of which the entries had been withdrawn. The value of the lands,.the entries of which were, by the agreement, to be withdrawn, and of the

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

183

[Hobson v. MIA-rthur.]

land on which the entries were to be relocated, were to be determined by persons mutfually chosen and agreed upon; who, if they could not agree, were to nominate a thira person.
Out of this agreement, and proceedings under it, the questions in this case arose, and were-argued by Mr. Stanbery, for the appellant, and by Mr. Mason, for the appellees, the heirs of Dncan M'Arthur, who became parties to the proceedings on the decease of Duncan M'Arthur. In the Circuit Court a decree was given in favour of the complainant, Duncan M'Arthur; and the defendant, Mathew Hobson, prosecuted this appeal.
The case is fully stated in the opinion of the Court. The question decided by the Court was as to the construcjion of the agreement of the parties, to submit the value of .the land to the determination of persons mutually chosen and agreed upon, and if.they could not agree that they should appoint a third person.

Mr. Stanbery, for the appellant, contended that "thedecree of the Circuit Court-is erroneous, in setting aside the appraisement of M'Arthur's surveys.
The contract of November 10, 1810, provides for an appraisal of the lands, entered by Langham, and the lands entered by McArthur, "by two disinterested men, one to be chosen by each of the contracting parties; and if the said two men cannot agree on the price of the said lands, or any part thereof, the said two men are to choose a third man, who, together with the other two, shall agree on the price of said land.",
It appears that the two itppraisers first viewed thb Langharn entries, and disagreeing as to their value, called in Lyne Starling as a third man; and the three concurred in an appraisement of these lands; but differing in the value of 'the M'Arthur entries, an award as t6 their value was made by Starling and one of the appraisers, without the concurrence' of the other appraiser.
Mr. Stanbeiry argued that the intention- of the parties to the .contract, was, that the- third man was to act as an ump"e, not M a third arbitrator.
He admitted that the rule is well settled that.ali the~arbitrators mustconcur, ufiless the submission provides for an award by a majority.

SUPREME COURT.
[Hobson v. MAxthur.].
But this was not a submission to three arbitrators. The submission is to two, and it is only in the event of their inability to agree, that the third man is to intervene. For what purpose? Not, certainly, to add to the difficulty by a new and discordant opinion, but to settle it by his decision.
It was not necessary to the validity of the award that the two arbitrators should concur with the umpire, or that either of them should concur with him; and the circumstance that the award is signed by one of the arbitrators as well as by the umpire, does not vitiate. Watson on'Arbit. 64.
2. But if the appraisement of the M'Arthur surveys cannot be sustained, the whole award is void; and the decree of the Circuit Court is erroneous in sustaining the appraisement of the Langham entries.
Tha express language of the contract is, that " the land from which the ten thousand acres is to be withdrawn as located by Elias"Langham, and also the land to be re-entered by M'Arthur, is to be valued by two disinterested men," &c.
Besides this specific enumeration of the matt'.rs submitted, it is obvious that nothing short of an appraisement of both sets of entries would avail ; for the object was to fix the relative values, and that could only be accomplished by a valuation of both.
The arbitrators must respond to -all matters specifically submitted, especially where there is a dependency and necessary connexion in the matters submitted.
Mr. Mason, for the appellees. 1.The mode of ascertaining the value of the lands is provided for 14 the contract. Each party is to choose one man; and if the men thus chosen cannot agree, they "are to choose a third man, who, together with the other two, shall agree on the price of the land." It Was doubtless competent for the parties to agree that the concurrence of the whole number of appraisers should be requisite to constitute a valid appraisement of the land. There is no ambiguity in the terms of the contract. They do expressly require that the three men should "agree on the price." And they all did agree as to the price of the lands located by Lang-

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

185

[Hobson v. M'Arthur.]

ham. But only two agreed in appraising the lands entered by

M'Arthur.

The question is, whether the appraisement made by two is

valid in law?

There is a difference in this respect between a private author-

ity, and a public trust and duty; in the former case, all must

join; in the latter; the power to several. is well executed by the

majority: "unless it be expressly provided in the subniission,

that a less number than all the arbitrators named may make the

award, the concurrence of all is necessary." Kid *onAwards, p.

106; Watson on the Law of Arbitration, p. 85, ed. 1836; Grind-

ley v. Barker, 1 Bos. & Pul. 229 ; Cortes. v. Kent Waterworks

Company, 7 Barn. & Cres. 314; Rex v. Whitaker, 9 Barn. & Cres.

648; Dalling v. Mitchell, Barnes, 57, Willes, 2I.6, S. C.; Green

v. Miller, 6 Johns., 40; Berry v. Penning, Cro. Jac. OO, 399;

FelloWes v. Girling, Cro. Jac. 277- 5 Dane's Ab. 562.

2. The appraisement was also invalid because the agent trans-

cended his authority. in two particulars, viz.: 1st, In having

more land appraised than was required to pay the debt,: and

2d, In having other lands appraised than those described in the

power of attorney, under which he derived his authority. The

power of attorney was in conformity with the terms of the

contract.

3. It was void for uncertainty in this, to wit: That the con-

tract required the appraissment to be made in such a manner that

Hobson could have released his title to the residue of the land not

appraised; whereas the appraisers proceeded to value mor6 than

thirty-six thousand dollars' worth of land to pay a debt of nine

thousand two hundred and fifty dollars.

The appraisement, therefore, was made in such a manner

as to render it impossible for Hobson to comply with that essen-

tial part of the contract, which required him to convey to M'Arthur

all the land that would remain after deducting the 'quantity re-

quired to pay the debt due to himself.

But Hobson was not content to have as much land, and no

more, set off and appraised as was necessary to pay the debt;

nor did he have all the lands entered by, M'Arthur appraised-

Without having all appraised, he Would have nearly four

times as much appraised as was required to discharge his claim.

S2

24

186

SUPREME COURT.

(Hobson v..M'ATthur.]
Certainly the Court cannot find in such acts of capriciousness,
a compliance with the letter or spirit of the contract. A qustion naturally arises on this branch of the case, who
had the right to select the land for appraisement? Was.the right vested in the appraisers? or in the parties jointly ? or in one of them, and which? It is answered, in the debtor. MArthur claimed this right, and asserted it in the letter of attorney to his son.
The privilege of choice is not in the creditor in such cases. The contract provided, in case of a deficiency of land to pay the debt, that M'Arthur should give other lands, &c. These other lands he undoubtedly had a right to select. But, supposing the appraisement of the M'Arthur enties to be void, what effect will that have on the appraisement of the Langham entries? "If a thing be awarded to be done, which is bad fol uncertainty, or as being beyond the submission, or for any other objection; and this part of the award does not form a consideration for the performance of-the matter awarded on the other part, and is distinct and independent thereof; then the award is only void for so much." Though formerly .otherwise, "nothing now is more clear, than that an award may be -badin one part, and yet good and binding in another part." Watson on the Law of Arbitration, pp. 190, 191. Assuming, therefore, that the appraisement, so far as it respected the M'Arthur entries, was void for any one or all the reasons assigned, and valid as to the residue; I proceed to inquire what decree the complainants are entitled to ask for. M'A rthur had a righi, by the contract, to pay in land or money, at his option; and on payment being made or tendered, in either mode, he had a right to require Hobson to release. Every stipulation to pay a debt in specific property is presuined to be made in favour of the debtor; and therefore, he may, in all cases, pay the debt in money in lieu of the property which, for the ease of the debtor, the creditor had agreed to receive. Chipman on Cont., pp. 31, 32, 34, 44; 2 Kent's Com. 400. The contract, in its legal effect, was a purchase of the warrants for a suhn of money thereafter to be acertained in the mode pre-

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

187

(H~booil v. M'Arthw.]
scribed' by the contract, and to be paid in land .or 13oaey, at the option of M'Arthur. It was the same in sub taw as a contract to pay so much money: for instance, one hundred.dallars in wheat or cattle.
This argument -is not weakened by the fact that the warrants were to be're-6ntered in the name of Hobson; because the only object the parties could have had in the..provision, requiring the entries to'be made in the name of Hobson, was to afford him security for the performance of the contract on the part of Mkr. thur.
But ifM'Arthur had not the right of election,.whica. is contended for, but on the contrary could have been compelled in a Court of Equity to pay in land; then it is maintained that the condudt of Hobson has released him from that obligation; and deprived himself of the right, if he ever had a right, to demand payment in property.
M'Arthur offered to pay in money, or to appoint another appraiser on his part, which Hobson refused. This appears in the record.
The principle is, that an offer to do a thing is so far equivailent to performance, that it will entitle the person making it to demand whatever he was to have upon the performance. 2 Lord Raym. 961; Hotham v. East hidiaCompany, I Term Rep. 645; Parker v. Parkenhorne, 2 Wash. C.C. Rep.. 142; 15 Petersdoift, Marg. p. 24; Daug. Marg. pp. 259, 659.
The interpretation of the contract which is contended for, ;was not fully sustained by the Court below.
That'Court set aside the appraisement of MlArthuris entries, and directed the parties to re-appoint other appraisers. Buti if Hobson should neglect or refuse to appoint, he was ordered to release his interest in the lands on receiving the sum of nine thousand two hundred and fifty dollars, to be paid by M'Arthdr. He did refuse to appoint another appraiser. , And he had before received a larger sum in money than he was entitled to have, as was shown by the confidential contract.
If the appraisement was properly set aside, and Hobson would not appoint another appraiser, and he had twice refused to do it, he was bound to release on payment or tender of the money.
What other decree could have been made?

SUPREME COURT.
[Hobwn v,M'Arthur.]
Mr. Justice THOMPSON delivered the opinion of the Court. This case comes up from the Circuit Court of the United States for the district of Ohio. The bill filed in the Court below is founded upon, and seeks a specific execution of the following agreement, bearing date the 10th of November, 1810. ,Tt is hereby agreed upon betwe6n Duncan M'Arthur, of Ross
county, and state of Ohio, of the one part, and John Hobson, of Jackson county, and state of Georgia, and Mathew Hobson, of Oglethorpe county, and state of Georgia, aforesaid, on the'other part, witnesseth, that, whereas, eleven thousand six hundred and sixty-six and two-third'acres were sent to Col. Richard C. Anderson's office, on or about the first instant, by Col. Elias Langham, in the name and for the use of said John and Mathew Hobson, with entries for the same. Now be it known, that it -is hereby understood, and agreed upon by the contracting parties, that said M'Arthur is to withdraw ten thousand acres of the eleven thousand six hundred and sixty-six and two-third acres, and to relocate the said ten thousand acres elsewhere, in the name of the said John and Mathew; and it is further agreed upon by the contracting parties, that the land from which the said ten thousand acres is to be withdrawn, as located by Elias Langham, and also the land to be re-entered by said M'Arthur, is to be valued by two disinterested men, one to be chosen by each of the contracting parties, and if the said two men cannot agree on the price of said lands, or any part thereof, the said two men are to choose a third man, who, together with the other two, shall agree on the price of said land, and the said Hobsons are to have so much of said land, so to be relocated by said M'Arthur, as will amount to the value of the land from which said warrants shall have been removed, and also land to the amount and value of two thousand dollars, in addition to the value of the ten thousand, and where the same was entered by Elias Langham; and the said John and Mathew Hobson doth hereby obligate themselves, their heirs, executors, and administrators, separately and jointly, to convey unto the said M'Arthur, his heirs, &c., all and singular the balance of said ten thousand acres, after deducting therefrom such quantity as by valuation as aforesaid will amount to the value of the said ten thousand acres, where the same was first located by said Langham, and also land to the value of two thousand dollars, as

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

189

[Hobson v. M'Athur.]

aforesaid; and it is further understood and agreed upon, that if

the lands located by the said M'Arthur, should not be valued to

the amount of the lands so located by said Langham, and also

two thousand dollars, then, and hi.that case, said M'Arthur is to

convey unto the said John and Mathew, their heirs, &c., other

lands to the amount of said valuation, with the value of two

thousand dollars in land as aforesaid, said Hobson to pay all

office fees and surveying expenses. Said valuation to take place

on or before the expiration of three and a half years from the

date hereof; said Hobson to pay the taxes on said lands until

divided; and then the said M'Arthur to pay to the,, said Hobson

his proportionable part of said taxes.

In witness whereof, we, the contracting parties, do hereunto set

our hands and seals; this 10th day of November, A. D. 1810.

Be it remembered before signing, that the division of said lands

shall -take place forthwith, after the titles are considered secure,

and that the lands located by Langham, are to be picked as he

upon his honour intended.

Signed

DUNCAN M'ARTHUR, [L. S.]

Witness :

JOHN & M. HoBsoN, [L. s.]

E. LANGHAM,

EDWARD BASKERVILLE.

The bill, after having set out substantially this contract; states, that John Hobson, on the 24th of November, 1818, sold and assigned to the complainant all his fight and title to one-half (five thousand acres) of the land warrants located by him. That in pursuance of said agreement, he withdrew ten thousand acres of Langliam's entries, and located them elsewhere. That on the 30th of July, 1830, he appointed his son, Thomas J. M'Arthur, his attorney, to transact the business under the said contract; who, in pursuance of said power, appointed, on his part, William Vance, to proceed in the valuationof the said lands. And that for the same purpose Mathew Hobson appointed Mathew Bonner, who proceeded to view the land; and finding that they could not agree on the value, they selecteu Lyne Starling, as a third man, to make the appraisement, pursuant to, the terms of the agreement, who, together with Vance and Bonnerj agreed upon the valuation of the lands located by Langham. The complain-

190

SUPREME COURT.

[Hobwon v. M(Arthur.]

ant' further states, that, afterwards, his agent proposed to the paid Mathew Hobson, to select. and point out to the anuraisers for valuation, such parts of -the-entries made by-.'MArthur.as would amount to a sufficient quantity to satisfy the said 'Hobpon, which proposition he declined, and insisted that it was his right to have the 'whole of the lands entered by the complainant valued. That he was entitled to an interest in the whole of the entries made by the complainant, proportional to the valuation of the Langham entries. The,bill states that afterwards the three appraisers p'roceeded to examine the lands, relocated by M'Arthur, and that two'only 6f the appraisers; Bonner and Starling,.agreed on the valuation. And the"bill then charges that the said valuation has
not been made iii conformity to the said agreement; in this, that the said three, appraisers have not all agreed as to the value of the lands relocated by the complainant, but that only two agreed thereto. Several other charges are made against the validity-bf this appraisement, which it is unnecessary to notice. The bill then sets out sevdral proposals made by the complainant for the settlement of the controversy, which he declined accepting, and refused making any -conveyance or assignment of his interest in the land located by the complainant. The bill, then, forthe'purpose of obtaining an injunction, refers to an act of Congress, of
the 26th of May, 1830, for the settlement of the conflicting claims of the complainant atid the United States, to the land in qupstiofi;
and charges that the defendant Hobson threatens to apply to the
government .forthe appraised value and interest of five thousand acres of the land, entered in the name of the said Mathew Hobson; and prays that he may be enjoined from claiming and receiving from-the treasury of the United States any part of the
money appropriated by the act of Congress, until the same is heard and adjudicated'upon by the Court. And further; praying that the said Hobgon may be decreed to accept some one of the terms proposed ]by him, in fulfilment of the contract, according to its true intent -andunderstanding. And that he may be compelled to perform the said agreement specifically, on his part, as the complainant has proposed and tendered to do on his part; and
such other and further relief as may seem meet and just. The answer of Hobson admits-the contract of the 10th of No-
vember, 1810, set out in the bill; and that he is willing to abide

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

191

[Hdeon v. M'Arthur.]
by the same, according to the just interpretation thereof. He admits the appointment of appraiseis, and their proceeding to the valuation of the land, as stated in the*bill,. and that- thereupon .he informed the complainant of his willingness to settle all matters under the contract; and that after taking and retaining such proportion of the lands entered by the complainant, and valued as set out in the bill and answer, as would cover, and
include the claims of him, the defendant, under the contract and agreeable to such valuation, he was willing, and then offered to assign and relinquish to the complainant, the rest and residue of the lands so valued, and also all the other entries and surveys made by the complainant; which he wholly refused to do. The defendant admits that he rejected all the demands and requisitions of the complainant made at -the time alluded to, aid'all the demands which had for their object and design' a disregard in part or in whole of the doings of the appraisers. The defendant admits the passage of an act of Congress mentioned in the bill, and that he means to avail himself of its provisions, if he can obtain a settlement of the matter with the complaihant; but he is prevented by the complainant from relinquishing his interest in the lands to the United States. And he denies the right of the complainant to confine him to any particular part of either of the surveys, valued by the appraisers; but that when it is ascertained what number of acres he is entitled to under the contract and valuation, then he will hold the same undivided and in common with the complainant, 'until by partition it shall be divided. And he denies the right of the complainant to pay off and settle with him in a given sum of money. That he is perfectly willing to abide by the valuation made by the appraisers, and relinquish his claim as before offered.
An interlocutory decree was thereupon entered, declaring that the appraisement made by only two of the appraisers of the relocated entries and surveys made by M'Arthur was 4.oid, and ordered the same to be set aside and annulled; and then proceeds to give directions for another appraisement, which the defendant Hobson refused to comply with; and thereupon a final
decree was entered, declaring that the complainant, M'Arthur, had complied on his part with the interlocutory decree, and that thq respondent Hobson had altogether neglected to comply with

192

SUPREME COURT.

[Hobson v. M'Axthur.]

the same on his part; and alleging that the sum of nine thousand two hundred and fifty dollars had been paid by MArhur to Hobson, as appeared by his receipt annexed to the agreement
of the 25th of September, 1830. It was thereupon ordered, adjudged, and decreed, that the said Hobson should within sixty days after the rising of the Court, by a good and sufficient deed, transfer and assign to Duncan M'Arthur, his heirs and assigns, all his right, title, and interest in the ten thousand acres of land relocated and surveyed by the said Duncan M'Arthur; and that in case he should fail to coinply with this decree, within the time thereby limited, then that the decree should operate as such conveyance. And from this decree the present appeal is taken.
The first and principal question 'in the case is, whether the appraisement or valuation of the land was made pursuant to the provisions of the contract of the 10th of November, 1810. If it was, then the decree in this respect is erroneous. And it was the fault of the complainant that the contract was not carried into execution; and he cannot come now to ask for a specific execution of it.
The agreement was, that the land located by Langham, from which the ten thousand acres were to be withdrawn, and also the land to be re-entered by M'Arthur, should be valued by two
disinterested men, one to be chosen by each of the contracting parties; and in case the two men thus chosen could not agree on the price of said lands, then they were to choose a third man, who, together with the other two, shall agree on the price of the said lands. The parties in pursfiance of the.agreement, each chose a man to make the valuation, and upon their disagreement with respect to the,same, they chose a third man, and the whole three thereupon a';eed as to the valuation of the Langham location, but disagreed in the valuation of the M'Arthur location; and the valuation was made by Starling and Bonner, two of the appraisers: and it is contended that this valuation was void, because made by two only.
It has been argued, that this being a delegation of power to the three, for a mere private purpose, all must agree, -orthe authority has not been pursued. This may be admitted to be the rule, where the original delegation of the power is to the three, without any other provision on the subject. But in construing

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

193

[Hobeon v. M'Arthur.]

this agreement, we must look at what was the obvious intention

of the parties. The parties clearly intended, that the valuation

should at all evepts be made. A third man was not to be called

in unless the two disagreed; and it is an unreasonable construc-

tion of this agreement that it was so framed that it not only

might fail to accomplish the very object intended, but that in all

probability it must fail and become entirely nugatory, as the third

man was not to be called until the two had disagreed. Upon the

construction of the agreement, that the three must unite in the

valuation, the office to be .yerformed by the third man was to

persuade the other two to agree with him. This could never

have been the understanding of the parties. It is a more reason-

able construction to consider the third man in the character of an

umpire, to decide between the two that should disagree. This

would insure the accomplishment of the object the parties had

in view. But a contrary construction would most likely defeat

that object.

Upon this view of the agreement, the valuation by two of the

appraisers was within the submission.

It has also been made a question whether the whole of the land

re-entered by MiArthur was to be valued, or only so much as was

to be retained by Hobson. The terms of the submission would

seem to settle this question. It expressly provides that the land

from which the ten thousand acres, located by Langham, was to

be withdrawn, and also the land to be re-entered by M'Arthur,

were to be valued, &c., and this must have been the understanding

of the parties in order to make a just partition between them.

There is no provision made for the selection of any particular

part to be appraised. By whom, then, was such part to be, de-

signated? But when the whole of each tract is valued, the pro-

portion which Hobson is to have in the M'Arthur location is

easily ascertained; and they would become tenants in common,

subject to partition, according to their respective rights. Such is

the clear construction of this agreement.. It does not contemplate

the sale of the land or the division of any proceeds therefrom. A

reference in the bill to the act of Congress of the 26th of May,

1830, (4 Story's Laws, 2197,) appears to be for the purpose of

obtaining an injunction to restrain Hobson from receiving any

money from the treasury of the United States, appropriated b

VOL. XVI.-R

25

194

SUPREME COURT.

(Hobson v. M'Arlhur.]
that act. But the bill is not framed with a view to enforcing any rights growing out of that act, but prays that Hobson may be compelled to perform the agreement of the lrth of November, 1810, twenty years before that act was passed. It is true that
there appears upon the record, an agreement entered into between these parties, bearing date the 25th of September, 1830, relative ,to a division of the money to be paid by the government under this act. But this was an agreement'made after the commencement of this suit, and which we cannot notice for.several reasons. If any relief is to be given on the basis of that agreement, it
should have been brought before the Court below, by a supple. mental bill. But another insuperable objection is, that by an express stipulation in the agreement, it is not to be made use of in this case. This stipulation is as follows: "The said pdrties mutually agree and covenant, that this contract and agreement shall not be used by either of them, nor at any time held or interpreted in the suit aforesaid, or in any other suit, or in any other Court, or in any proceedings, whether in Court or-out of Court, under the aforesaid contract, /the contract of the loth of November, 1810,) as affecting, changing,.or in anywise disturbing the rights of either in the matters aforesaid; but. the suit aforesaid shall be conducted, and any other suit which either of them may think proper to bring, founded on the contract aforesaid, may and shall be conducted, in all -respects, as though this contract had not been entered into."
In addition to. this, the counsel on both sides declined, upon the argument, making any use whatever of this agreement. It must, therefore, be dismissed, as having no bearing upon the case. And if so, there is no proof whatever that Hobson had received any money on account of his land. The defendant, Hobson, was under no obligations to aqcept either of the propositions of the complainant, as stated in the bill. There is nothing in the contract of 1810 that called upon him'to do this; and especially after he had, on his part, complied with the provisions of thai contract. And if the agreement of 1830 is laid out of view, there is no proof to show that Hobson had received nine thou sanci two hundred and fifty dollars, as is assumed in the decree, and made the ground upon which he is ordered to transfer and assign to, M'Ar. thur, all his right, title, and interest in the whole ten thousand

3JANIZARY TERM, 1842.

195

[Hob on v. 'Arthur.]

acres of land, relocated -and surveyed by McArthur. This could not have been done under the prayer for general relief. The Court, under this prayer, wvill grant such relief only as the case stated in the bill, and sustained by the proofs will justify. The frame and structure of the bill in this case is for a specific execution of the contract- of the 10th of November, 1810, which provides only for the valuation of the lands, and makes no provision for the sale of the land or the payment of any mobey. And if the facts would justify a prayer for any such relief, the bill should have been framed with. a double aspect; so that if the Court should decide against the complainant in-one .view of the case, it might afford him .relief in another. But this bill is not so framed.
The decree of the Circuit Court, must, therefore, be reversed. But, as the rights of the heirs of McArthur may depend, insome measure, upon the contract of the loth of November, 1810, connected with what has since taken place, under the act of Congress, we think the bill ought to be dismissed, without prejudice.
Itis accordingly adjudged and ordered, that the decree of the Court below be reversed; and the cause remanded to the Circuit Court, with directions to dismiss the bill, without prejudice.

JANUARY .TERM,,184.

281

THOMAs AR:mSTOrNG AND OTHE2lS, PLAINTIFFS -I ROR, v. TH TEEAStJIER oF ATaiNs *COUNTr, DEFEN4DANT IN ERROR.

An act was passed by thu legislature ii2 1840, by which certain lands held under con' ,veyances from .the President and Trustees of the Ohio University, at Athens, were directed to be assessed and%,taxedfor county and stae purpoes. ,A bill wa Aed by the purchasers of the land agaist -the tax opllechor, praying that he should be per. petually dnjolned from enforcing thi payment.of the taxes, eas the lsds ad

been exem'pt&d by a statut of Ohio, of 1804; whic the bili alleged entered into the conditions of sale, under which the complainants held the land. It was insisted that ,the act of 1840.violales the contract with the purchasers,' and is.void, being contrary

to the clahse. of the Constitdtion of the United Statei which prolbits.tse states frgm passing any law violating the obligation of contracts. The Supreme.Court 6t Ohio

dismissed the bill of the complainants. The ordinimce of 178', by which a large section of country,in Ohio wa" sold to -a-company, gave tWo-complete townships of land for the purposes of a university, It "1804,an act 6f' the iegislature of Ohio established the pnivepity. on the foundation of the fund ranted by Congress, and vested the land in the corpprition of the pniversity.. The hctdirected the .manner -inwhich the land was to be leased, reserving rent tQ the corporaiion; andhe seven-

teenth section directed thit the. lanS appropriated and vested by the act, shpuld be exeibpted froma0l state taxes In 1826, the legislature authorized all the university

land not encumhied with leases, or which had not been re-entered by the trustees -of the university, or to which they had regained their title,.to be sold'ii, fee simple for the benefit of .the university.. The complainants purchased the lani held by then.

under this statute, and tookldeods'in'fee; no exemption'ftrom taxes being contained in the-statute, or in their deeds. Held, that the lands havingbeen purchased nder the act of"1826, and not being held under -the act of 1804-, were subject to taxaion.. All

the purchasers held under the act of 1826, and cannot go behind it t and their ldAs are subject like other persons' to be taxed by the state.

The case of The State of New Jersey . Wilson, 7-Cranch,'164, cited and affirmed. In that case the land hadfor a sufficient consideraion been given by the state to Acerain Indiin tribe, and-was declared to be forever exempt from taxes. The Indians, with

the consent of the-state, sold the land, and the purchaser of the Indian litle obtained the land, with the exemption from'taxes granted by the state. In order to give this Court jurisdiction under the twenty-fifib section of the judiciary act of 1784, which authorizes the removal of a case by writ of error 6r appeal from

the highest Court of a siate to the Supreme Court of the United States, in certain' caes, it must appear on-the record itself to be one of cases enumerated in that sec-

tion, and nothing out'of the record c~rtified to this Court can be taken into consi-

deration. This must be shown: First, Either by express averment, or by neeesaary intendment ,in the pleadipg- in the

case; or: Secondly, By the-directions given by the Court, and stated'in theeXceptions, or: Thirdly, When the proceedings are according to the law of Louisiana, by the statement
of facts, and of the decision, as is usually made in such cases by the Court; or:

2A2

36

284

SUPREME COURT.

[Armstzono et alv.. The 'reasurer of Athens County.]
Fourthly, It must be entered.on the record of the proceedings of the appellate Court, in caes where the record shows that such a point may have arisen and been decided, thatit was inf"ait raised and decided; and this entry must appear to have been made by order of the Court, or by the presiding judge by order of the Court, and ceitifled by the clerk as part of the reco.i-ndthe State Court; or:
Fifthly, In proceedings in equity, it may be stated in the body of the finadlecree of the State Court,fron which the appeal is taken to this Court; or:
Sixthly, It must appear from the record, that the question was neceisarily involved in the decision, and that the State Court could not have given 1he judgment or decree which they passe, without deciding it.

IN error to the Supreme Court of the state of Ohio.
A bill was fied in the Court of Common Pleas of the county of Athens, in the s.tate of Ohio, by Thomas Armstrong and others, stating that they were seised in fee of certain lands purchased by them from the President and Trustees of the'Ohio University, in pursuance of the provisions of an act of the Assembly of the state of Ohio, entitled "An act authorizing the Trustees of the Ohio University, to dispose of certain lands," -passed February 4th, 1826. The lands are situated within.the two townships granted by Congress within the bounds of the Ohio Company's purchase, for the endowment of a university. By the seventeenth section of the act of the Assembly of Ohio, passed February, 1804, entitled, "An act establishing a University in'the town of Athens," It is declared "that the lands in the two towT]ships aforesaid, with the buildings which are or may be erected thereon,.shal lie forever exempt from. all state taxes." Thp bill asserted that the lands were purchased frQm the president and trustees of the university, in the full faith and confidence that the same would remain forev'er and exempt from all taxes for state purposes.
The bill further represents that notwithstanding the declaration contained in the act of February 18th, 1804, w.pursuance of the provisiQns of an act of the -Assembly o; Ohio, passed on the 21st of March, 1840, entitled ".An act to amend an act authoriziag the trtstees of the Ohio University. to dispose of certain lands, passed February 4th, 1826," the several tracts of land belonging to the complainantshave been appraised by the assessor of Athens county, and placed on the duplicate for taxation by the auditor of the county, and taxes for state and county purposes have been assessed on the said lands. The tax duplicates have been placed

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

283

[Arnztrong et al. v. The Treasurer of Athens County.]

in the hands of a collector and they have been called upon to.pay the same.
The bill prays for an answer, and for a perpetual injunction from further proceedings to collect the said taxes; and for further and other relief
By the ordinance of Congress, of 1787, under which a large body of land was sold to- a company, two townships of land were reserved for the purposes of a-university; and in 1804,-the legislature of Ohio established a university at Athens, appropriatig to it these two townships of land. By this act the land was to be leased -out for ninety-nine years, the rents to be -paidto the university; and the land was declared to be exempted from all state taxes. In 1826, the legislature of Ohio authorized all the land belonging to the university to be sold in feetsimple 4and nothing was stated in this act exempting the land to be ola from taxes. The appellants purchased the land from the university, sold nder the authority of this law.
The treasurer of Athens county-appeared and dnswered the bill, and admitted all the facts stated in it, and also that he intended to collect the taxes assessed on the land; asserting that he had a right to do so by virtue of an act of-the General Assembly of Ohio, passed 21st March, 1840, in connection with other,general laws of Ohio defining the duties of treasurer; which said act, and other further acts, he set up as a defence to the complainant's bill.
At the October term of the Court of Common Pleas, the injunction which had been granted on the'filing of this bill, was made perpetual.
The defendant appealed to the Supreme Court, and the decree of the Court of Comhion Pleas was, at the December term, 1-840, reversed; and the complainants were adjudged to pay costs.
In the record of the proceedings of the Supreme -Courtof Ohio, was the following certificate:
(4I do hereby certify, that in the above-named case there was drawn in question the validity of the statute of the state of Ohio, passed on the 21st day of March, 1840, entitled "An act to amend the act, authorizing the trustees of the Ohio University to dispose of certain lands, passed July 4, 1826,' on the ground that it was repugnant to the Constitution of the United States, and

SUPREME COURT.

[Armstrong et al. v. Tho Treasurer of Athens County.]

that the decision of the Court was in favour of the validity of said

statute.

EBEN. LANE,

Chief Judge of the Supreme Court of Ohio."

From the decree of the Supreme Court of Ohio, the complainant's appealed to the Supreme Court of the United States.

The case was submitted to the Court, on a printed argument, ';y Mr. Ewing, for the appellants. No counsel appeared for the appellees.
Mr. Ewing, in the printed argument, stated that, the act of
the 18th of February, 1804, expressly declares that these lands "shall forever be exempted from state tax-is." This exemption is not limited to the duration of the particular tenure by which they were at first held, but the exemption. was of the land and the improvements upoh it forever. The act of February 4th, 1826, authorizing the sale, does not directly or indirecty withdraw that exemption, or declare that it shall not attach to the land after sale. It was exempt.forever, when it was offered for sale ; and passed with this exemption into the hands of the purchaser. It was-his, charged with the burdens and favoured with the privileges which attached to it, under the several laws and parts of laws then in force respecting it; and those laws formed part and parcel of his contract.. The law of 1840, subsequently passed, changing those laws to his injury, was a violation of his contract, contrary to the Constitution of the United States, and therefore void.
.The case of the state of Niew Jersey v. Wilson, 7 Cranch, 164, is in point. There is nothing to distinguish the two cases from each other.

Mr. Justice CAoTRoN delivered the opinion of the Court. This is awrit of error from a State Court; and it has become
the duty of this Court, before proceeding to examine the merits of "the controversy, to determine whether jurisdiction over it is conferred by the twenty-fifth section of the judiciary act of 3789 It is true no question upon that subject was raised in the argu-
ment presented for the appellant; (the respondent baving no counsel.;) but it has .been the uniform practice of this. Court, in every case of this description, to ascettain, in the first instance,

JANUARY TERM, -1842.

285

[Armstronj et aL v. The reasurer of Athens County.]

whether' the record presented a case- in whicl we.ewere author, ized by law to revise the judgment or decree of a State Court. And this qiestion has so often arisep- anid parties' have been so frequently subjected o .unnecessary-expense in bringing causes here, in which a writ. of error or appealto this Court would not lie, that we have thought this a fit occasion to state the principles upon which the CQurt have constantly acted, and which may now be regarded as tjie law of the Couft..
In order to give this Court jurisdiction under the twenty-fifth
section of the act of 1780, it must appear on the record itself, to be one of the cases enumerated in that section: and nobthing out of the record certified to this Court can be taken into consideration.
This must be shown: first, either by express averment, or by necessary intendment in the pleadings in the case.
Or, secondly, by the direction given by the Court, and stated in the exception.
Or, thirly, when the proceeding is according to the law of Louisiana, by the statement.of facts, and of the decision, as usually made in such cases by the Court.
Or, fourthly, it must be entered on the record- of the proceedings in the Appellate Court, in cases where the record shows that such a point may have arisen and been* decided, that it was in fact raised and decided; and this entry must appear to have bee , made by the order of the Court, or by the presiding judge by order of the Court, and certified by theclerk, as a part of the record in the State Court.
Or, fifthly, in proceedings in equity, it may be stated in the body of the final decree of the State Court from which the appeal is taken to this Court.
Or, sixthly, it must appear from the record that the question was necessarily involved in the decision; and that the State Court could not have given the judgment or decree, which they passed, without deciding it.
We are not aware of any other modes in which the judgment or decree of a State Court can lawfully be brought before us; and we have stated them particularly, in order to prevent, in future, the difficulties and discrepancies which have so often arisen on this subject.

286

SUPREME COURT.

[Armstrong et al. v. The Treasurer of Athens County.]
In the case now before us, the presiding judge of the Supreme
Court of Ohio has certified on the record that the validity of- a statute of the state was drawn in question, on the ground that it was repugnant to the Constitution 6f the United States, and that the decision was in favour of the validity of said statute; and this certificate of'the judge is certified by the clerk, as a part of the record. We presume that the certificate of the presiding
judge was made by the authority of the Court: and as this bill and answer show that srtch a point might have arisen, and this certificate"on the record states that it did arise, and was decided; the case comes within the fourth clause above mentioned, and this Court must-take jurisdiction, and examine whether the point
socertified was rightfully decided. An act of th~e legislature of Ohio, passed in 1840, ordered cer-
tain lands held by the -complainants to be assessed and taxed. The defendant :was the- tax-collector. "Thebill.prays he be perpetually enjoined from enforcing the, payment of the tax, because
the lands had be dn exempted by a statute of Ohio, of 1804, which entered'into the conditions of sale under which the complainwa.ts held. Therefore, it is insisted, the act of 1840 violates the contract of purchase, and is void; being. cohtrary to that clause of the Constitution of the United States; which -prohibits the states from passing any law violating the obligation of contracts.
This i's the. only question presented by the record that we cu examine; as the twenty-fifth section carefully reitricts this Court to specified cases of jurisdiction, beyond which we -have
no power to go into the cause. There are six complainants, each setting up a distinct title;.
they-su jointly-and for the six only, and not for themselves and others, equally assessed; as in Attorney-General v. Helin, 2 Simon and Stuart, 67; and similar cases, referred to-in Story's Equity Pleadings,-sec. 114, 123. The Supreme Court of Ohio. having entertained juirisdiction, this Court must tdo so likewise. The question of misjoinder is not open to us for revision.
The immediate deeds .in fee from the trustees of the Ohio University to complainants,.are not'set forth in the pleadings: we take it, however, that they contain no. coniditipn exempting the lands from taxation, as the bill is, founded on the assumption that the seventeenth section of the act of 1804 entered into the

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

287

[Armrong et al .Th# Treurerof Athens County.1

contfact-anaimposed 'the exemption on the state. Whether such an inference arises in favour of the complainants, depends on the construction of an ordina.ce of Congress and the several acts of the legislature of Ohio, passedin regard to these university lands.
By the ordinance of 1787, 1 L. U. S..573, a Sajle of a large section of country was a'uthorized to be made to a company of individuals,,from which-is reserved:
"Not more than two cpmplete townships to be given perpe-
tually; fox the .purposes of a university, to be laid 6ff by the
purchasers as near th6 centre as may be,sQ that the.same shall be of good land, to be applied to the intended object by the.legislature of the state."
Ohio came into the Union a, a state, in 1802. In .1804, Ohio Land Laws, 226, an a6t.was passed est6blishing a-universi y on the foundation of the fund secured by .Congress, to be situated, on the reserved lands; .being townships eight and nine.. The lands were vested in the corporation, consisting of the president and trustees, for the sole use, benefit, and support of the university, forever."
They. were authorized to rent out the lands in separate tracts, of not less than eighty acres, or more than two" hundred and forty acres on a valuation of commissipners, at ayeaxly rent of six per centum jper annum on'the -estimated value, for ninety years, renewable forever: and from time to time a re-valuation was to take placeto which. the subsequent rents were to correspond; with this'addition, see. 12, "That the said corporation shall have power to demand a further -yearly-rnt on said lands" and tenements, not exceeding the amount of tax imposed on property of like description by the state; which rents shall be paid at such time and place, to such person, and collected in such manner, as the corporation shall direct." -The seventeenth section d.eclares, "That the lands in the two townships, appronriated and vested as aforesaid, with the buildings which are or May be erected thereon, shall forever be exempted from all state taxes."
Thus the matter stood until 1826, when the-legislature authorized the board of trustees of the university to sell and qonvey in fee simple, (1) all the lands situate in the college towilships, which were not encumbere. with outstanding leases; (2) such of said lands as' had been re-entered by the board, for a breach

288

SUPREME COURT.

(Ametrong.et a. m.The Treau of Athens County,.]

of the conditions of the leases, or where this encumbrance had

been or might be otherwise removed; (3) to convey in fee to the

lessees, respectively, on the -payment of such sum of money as

wouliyield at an interest of six per centum per-annum'on the

sum which *7as yearly reserved in the lease.

Pursuant to this statute, the-comiplaiants purchased and took

deeds in fee; no exemption from state taxation being contained

in the. statute under which -they.took title, or in their deeds.

The object of the incorporating act of 1804,.was to regulate a

public fund, intrusted to the management of the statesovereignty,

so as best to accomplish the intention .'fthe donor, the United

States. It was a matter of course, in the then state of the college

fund, to exempt it from taxes, in'the hands of the trustees. The

lands brought no income, and could bear no tax in: their unculti-

vated condition, until they passed into. the hands of 'private indi-

viduals. The tenants of the- university for -ninety years made

their own contracts, and were bound to pay the ordinary taxes

levied on the inhabitantof Ohio, not into the-state .treasury but

into that of the university. Every change in the general laws

in regard to the revenue bound them: as the value of-real esta'.e

increased, and taxes were impoped in addition to previous bur-

dens, to such an extent the corporation of the university added

- to the -rate. of its tenants.. The lands-not leased continued ex-

empt from taxation, on the faii supposition that they brought no-

income, and could bear no burdens.'

-The policy of the act of 1804 is too plain to admit of com-

ment; and its wisdom so rhanifest as to meet with instant

sanction.

But what was the policy of the act of 1826? An entire

change of the fund-from real estate to a capital in money vesied

by loan in the state treasury, was determined on by the corpora-

tion. Leave was asked and granted by the legislature to sell the

lands, and convey them in fee simple to purchasers; giving the

tenants a preference in cases where there were existing leases.

As regarded the management and nature of the fund to sustain

the university, the act of 1804 was fo a great extent repealed;

by that act, the lessees of the corporation were governed; their

-contracts

were founded on it; but with it the purchasers in fee

bad no concern, their contracts originated in a different policy,

JANUARY TERM, 1,842.

289

[Apmnrong et aL f The Trurer.of-them County.]

and, are -sanctioned bya different statdt; the -complainants ac-

tually claim, and could only claim-by force of the act of 1826.

This act secured the-payments of no taxes to the universityms the

substitute of the state. It simply'authorzedthe corporation to

sell as an individ~al might sell; and the respective purchasers

took title as, from an, individual; they were strangers. t6 the act

of 1804, with the -exception of those 'rovided for by-the third

section of the act of 1896, the value of .whose lands were to be

governed' by the assessment of their rents under the former act,

and ;who were entitled to have deeds in, fee on the payment of

one hundred dollars for every six dollars of annual-rent assessed

upon them, disregarding the taxes. they were bounc 'by the act

of 1804 to pay to the corporation. The mode of ascertaining

the value makes no difference; all the purchasers hold mder the

act Of 1826, and cannot go behind-it; and are subject like other

persons holding lands in fee to be taxed by the state.'

t he cae relied on by the complainants as ruling this is that of

the State of New Jersey v. W.ildon, 7 Cranch, 164. 'In 1758, the

Delaware tribe of Indians agreod with the colonial government

of New Jersey, to release to the latter all- their lands in that co-

lony south of the river Rqritan: the government purchased a tract

of, land o.- which the Indians might reside, ai& stipulated by a

legislative act, that this tract should not thereafter b6 subject to

any tax. The Delawareswished to emigrate, and join the Stock-

bridge tribe in New York. In 1801, thie state of New Jersey, by

a statute, authorized them to sell thdir lapds, This'act of Assem-

bly contained no exemption from the pa .mentof taxes after the

sale. In 1803, the Indian tribe sold to Wilson: and others; ana

the commissioners appointed by orddr ofth&legislature conveyed,

for and on behalf of the Indian,.to the purchasers. On the

foregoing state of facts, itw-as held by this Court, that the pur-

3hasers being in under the first grant of 1758, to the Indian tribe,

were equally entitled to its benefits; and that no taxes could be

levied on the land.

The soundness of the decision we think undoubted. The com-

pact with the D&laware tribe was for a cession to the government

of a large body of land; the consideration for the cession, was a:

smaller tract vested in trust for them in fee; and a further, and

very material consideration was, that the latter tract should never

VOL. XVI.-2 B

37

29.0

SUPREME COURT.

[Armstrong et a! v. The Treasurer of-Atheas Oounty.
be taxed by the government. .The parties were competent thus to contract, as no .restriction was imposed on the colonial gdvernment, and the consideration was ample for the exemption.
The condition attached to the land; so this Court held: "The act authorizing the Indians to sell was a mere enabling statute; thi purchasers took from aifd under the Indian tribe, held by virtue of the grant to them, and were, of course, entitled to all the benefits of the contract. New Jersey had therefore no more power to'repeal that part of 'the grant which exempted the lands from taxation, than' he had to repeal the entire contract: and therefore her act of 1804; repealing the clause of exemptions, was vpid."

We think the case in Cranch compared with the one presented by -therecord, is too dissimilar to require a particular compakson,
or further comment. We concur with the Supreme Court of Ohio,. that the bill must
be dism:ii f and so order.

234

SUPREME COURT.

THE MAYOR AWD ALDERMEN OF THE CITY OF MO1BILE,'PLAI-
TIFFS IN ERROR, V. MIGUEL D. ESLAVA, DEFENDANT IN ERROR.
lot of ground, part of tile ground on which Fort Charlotte had been erected, in the city of Mobile, before the territory was acquired from Spain by the United States, had been sold under an act of Congress of 1818. The lot had been laid out according to a plan-by which a street cilled Water street was run along the margin of Mobile river; and the street was extended over part of the site of Fort Charlotte. The lot was situated west of Water street, but when sold by the United States, its eastern line was below high-water mark of the river. The purcliaser of this lot improved the lot lying in. front of it, east of Water street, having filled it up, at a heavy expense, thus reclaiming, it from the river, which at high-water had covered it. When the lot east of Water street was purchased, the purchaser could not pass Jong the street, except with the aid of logs, and other timber.. Water street was, in 1823, filled i1p, kt the cost of the city of Mobile. Taxes and assessments for making sidewalks 1long Water street, were paid to the city of Mobile by the owner of the lot. The city of Mobile had brought suit for taxes, and had advertised the lot for sale, as the property of a tenant urider the purchaser of the lot. On the 26th of May, 1824, Congress passed ah act, which declared, in the first section, that all the right and claim of the United States to the Iota known as the Hospital and Bakehouse lots, containing about threo-fourths of an acre of land in the state of Alabama; and all the right and-claim of the United States to all the lots not sold or confirmed to individuals, either by this or any fon~er act, and to -which no equitable title exists, in favour of any individual under this or any other act, between high-water mark and the channel of the river, and betwedn Church street and North Boundary street, in front of the city of Mobile, ihould be vested in the corporation of the city of Mobile for the use of the city forever. The second. section provides, '!that all the right and claim of the United States to so many of the lots east of water street, and between Church --street and North Boundary street, now known as water lots, as are situated between the chinnel of the river and -the front of the lots, known under the Spanish government as water lofs, in the said city of Mobile, whereon improvements have been made, be'and the same are hereby vested in the several proprietors and occupants of each of the lots heretofore fronting on the river Mobile," &c. The city of Mobile claimed from the defendant in error the lot held by bim, under the purchase from the United States, and the improvements before described; asserting that the same was "vested ihr the city by the first section of the act of 1824. Held, that under the provisions of the second-section of the' act, the defendant in error cl~iming under the purchase made under the act of 1818, and under the.act of 1824, was entitled to the'lot.
The right, relinquished by the United States was to the water. .ota, "'lying east of Water street, nd between Church street and North Boundary street, tow'kown as water lots, as.are situated between the channel of the river and the front of the lots, known under the Spanish government as water lots, in the said pity of Mobile, whered~improvementl have been made." .The.improvemenis refer to the water and

JANUARY TERM, 1842,

235

[The City of Mobile v. Eslava.]
not to the front lots. A reasonable construction of the act, requires th( improve. 'nents to have been made or owned by the proprietor ef the front lot, at the time of, the passage of the ect. Being proprietor of the Ifront lot,-and having improved the water lot opposite and east of Water street, constituto the conditions on which the right under the-statute vests.

IN error to the Supreme Court of Alabama. The plaintiffs in error instituted an action, called in the language of the laws of Alabama "a plea of trespass to try titles," against Miguel D. Eslava, the purpose of which was the r covery of possession and damages for the detention of a certain lot of ground, in the city 6f Mobile, bounded north by ground in the possession of Thomas Terry, east by Commerce street, south by Chlrch street,, west by Water street; and extending from the east side of Commerce street to the channel of the.river. The cuse was tried in the Circuit. Court, in November, 1837, and a judgment on the verdict of a jury was rendered for the defendant. The plaintiffs took a bill of exceptipns to the pharge of the Court, and afterwards prosecuted a writ of error- to the Supreme Cgurt of Alabama; where the juidgment of the Circuit Court was -affirmed.. The plaintiffs,took out this writ of error to the Supreme Court of the United States. The bill of exceptions stated that the lot in controversy. was held by the defendant, uder the following circumstances:: .By an: act of Congress, passed in 1818, the lot of ground vhereou Fort Charlotte, in'the town of Mobile, had: been situated, was directed to be surveyed and laid off into lots, with suitable streets ancl avenues, conforming as near as may be to the 6riginal pl'an of the town ; and the lots thus laid off, were directed t6 be -sold under the authoriti of the President of the United States,, The lots were surveyed and laid off, a~d were afterwards iold. By an
oiginal plan of the town, a street known as Watzt sti.et was run
on. the margin of Mobile river, continuous with and frbnting the. s d. This street was run on part of the site. of Fcr-t Chrlotte,
where the lots are .laid out-another street known as-, Church. streeq was laid off on'the site of the fort. The lots Were sold by
the United'States, agreeably to the plan; no lots were laid. off,
and .rnone were sold by the United States, east of Water'street. Under the Spanish g6vernment, and while theUnited States'held possession of Fori Charlotte, ther.'was an open unobstructed

236

SUPREME COURT.

[The City of Mo.bile v.Eslava.]

space from high-water mark on the river to the -channel, except
a wharf used for the commerce of the fort. The'lot in dispute is situated -on the east side of Water street,
directly opposit6 to the lot sold by the United States part of the site of the fort, within the open space between high and lowwater mark, and part of it within the boundary of the picket fence that formerly surrounded the Fort. After the purchase of the lots laid out on the site of Fort Charlotte, by "The Lot Company," a survey was made by the company, and a larger quantity of ground was included in the survey. The defendant holds under a purchase from the lot company. There is a regular oceanic tide in the river Mobile, the ebb and flow of which is about eighteen inches. In 1822, Water street and the, lot in dispute were between high and low watermark. The city of Mobile, at the cost of the city, filled up Water street to some extent, and confined the water at high-tide to the eastern edge of Water street. No evidence was offered to prove the lots in front of Fort Charlotte were known under the, Spanish government as water lots, on which improvements had been made.
The plaintiffs, in the Circuit Court, claimed title under the- act of Congress of 20th May, 1824, entitled cAn act granting certain lots of ground- to the corporation of the city of Mobile, and to certain individuals in the said city." Considerable sums of money were expended by the purchasers of the lots on the site of Fort Charlotte, to fill up the lots between Water street and low-water mark; and the passage along Water street could only be made, until it was filled up by the cQrporation of Mobile, by logs laid along the street. The lot in dispute had been filled up at a heavy expense, and the tenant of the defendant in error had, according to an entry on the books of the corporation in 1823, filled up a stagnant pond at the end of Church street, which had been occasioned by the improvement on the lot. One witness testified, that the stakes in front of the lot, when sold by the United States, ran to the east of Water street, so that a portion of the property, when purchased from the United States, would have been within the staked lines .of the lot. Evidence was offered by the defendant to prove that in 1828, and for every year until 1836, taxes on the lot had been paid to the corporation of Mobile; that in 1833, the person in possession of the lot had been required

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

237

[The City of Mobile v. Eslava.]
by the mayor of Mobile, to fill up two places upon it with earth or shells; and about the same time, the corporation had advertised the lot for sale, for unpaid taxes, which were afterwards paid.
The act of 20th May, 1824, by its first section, declares, "1that the'right and claim of the United States to the lots known as the Hospital and Bakehouse lots, containing about three-fourths of an acre of land in the state of Alabama; and also all the right.and claim of the United States, to all the lots not sold or confirmed to individuals, either by this or any former" act, and to which no equitable title exists in favour of any individual, either by this or any former act, between high-water mark and .the channel of the river, and between Church street, and North Boundary street, in front of the said city, be, and the same are hereby vested in the mayor and aldermen of the said city," &c.
The second section of the act declares, "that all the right and claim of the United States to so many of the lots east of Water street, and between Church street. and North Boundary street, and now known as water lots, as are situated between the channel of the river, and: the front of the lots known under the Spanish government as water lots, in the said city of Mobile, whereon improvements have been made, be and the same are hereby vested in the several propriet6rs or occupants of each of the lots heretofore fronting on the river Mobile, except in cases where such proprietor or occupant has alienated his right to-any such lot now designated as a water lot," &c.
Upon which the judge charged the j ury, that if the lots specified in the patents 10, 11, 12, &c., were-proved to have been bounded by high-water mark at the time purchased, 'then they came within the terms of "lots known under the Spanish government as water ldts, as -usedin the act of Congress;", and if proved that the lof claimed was east of Water street, andin front of the lots covered by the patents, and that had been imprpved before the passage of the act; it was vested in the proprietors and occ upants of the lots held under the patents: and this although Water street did intervene between the lots claimed and those held under the patents.

The case was argued by Mr. Test, for the plaintiffs in error, and by Mr. Johnson,. and Mr. Sergeant, for the defendant.

238

SUPREME COURT.

[The City of Mobile v. Eslava.]
The.decision of the Court was given upon the .construction of the- act of Congress of 1824, entirely. The arguments of the counsel: on all the other questions which were discussed, are therefore necessarily omitted.

Mr. Test said the act-of Congress of 1824, is the foundation
of the title set up by the plaintiffs; and if they are not entitled to hold or recover under that act, they have no title whatever.
9I ne act was a pure commercial regulation, having in view the promotion of the commercial branch of the hational industry. It, is a part of the history of the country, that Mobile wa once one of the most sicklyplaces on the" globe. It was surrounded by islands and marshes, and the banks of the river were flat and swampy; and from this cause it was freqnently visited by the
most fatal diseases. Thus it remained for yearh after the country was acquired by the United. States.
One of the regulations of the Spaish government, was that the lands granted to individuals never Zxtende& into the river, or even to it; but the grantee: was bound to leave a bank or ridgeway
along the river margin. Wharfs, or landing-places were always established by public authority; and the ground, part of which is now in dispute, had remained unimproved until the act of 1824
was passed.
The groving populatioi of the city.of Mobile, and the fact that it waS the outlet of the great and increasing productions of the state of Alabama, made it an object of particular interest with the government of tb- United Stat~s. As no grants of land had been made beyond high-water mark, and the.improvement of the low. grounds between high and low water mark was esseitial to the
health of the city, Congress passed the act of i824, giving to the owners of. lots running to the rivet, the ground in front of the same, on which improvements had been made. The lots between Church street, and North Boundary stzeet, intended as the most nortnern"street of the ciiy, were those comprehended in- the provisions of the act of Congress.
It -was clearly intended by the act of Congress to give to theF city,for thq purpose ofimproving and erectingwharves and landing places, alf the land-on the shores of the river, from Church street to the northern boundary of the city; and not to confine the city

JANUARY TERM, "1842.

239F

[The City of Mobile v. Eslava.J

to the width or location of Water street, norto that part of the city where streets had been laid out; for that would not have-pro. vided a remedy commensurate with -the evil." To the city was given by the act all the land, below high-water mark on which no improvements had been made, so. that not a remnant should be left from one end of the city to the other.
The lot in controversy in -this case lies, without doubi, inthe part 'ofthe city to whicl\ by any construction of the terms of the statutes describing the property granted, applies. In other cases, it may be,-necessary to ascertain which was meant by North Boundary street; but it is not in'this.
Thus the title of the plaintiffs in error is clearly made ou 4, unless the defendant has a better title, under the second ection of the act of 1824,.or by' the act of 1818, under which the lots laid out on the site of Fort Charlotte were sold. One of the counsel for the defendant has maintained, that, the defendant wag the riparian owner of this lot. Tis question need not now be discussed, as the title under the act of 1824 is alone under examination.
The defendants counsel also say that having purchased the lot under the act of 1818, which extended to the river; and having improved the lot to low-water.mark, the provisions of the second section of the act -apply to and give title to the property. This is denied.- It was expressly 'proved, that the lots orr which'Fort Charlotte stood were not known as water lots under the Spanish government, on which improvements had been .made. Fort Charlotte, and the ground appurtenant to it, under the Spanish government, were bounded by the margin of the river.
The object of Congress was to give to the owners- of lots in the old town of Mobile, who had improved them, the gr ,nd to lQw-water mark for river purposes, and to promote ihe health of the city; but it-was not intended fo -extend the grant beyond thdse lots held under Spanish concessions, else why confine the grint to the owners of lbts known under the Spanish government as water lots, whereon improviements had been made? If the lots laid out on the site of Fort Charlotte, and which had been sold, Were intendid to be included in the donation; why did hot Congress so declare in apt words to express that purpose?
Mr. Test also contended, that by a reference to d map ex-

240

SUPREME COURT.

[The City of Mobile v. Eslava.]
hibited, some of ihe lots laid out on Fort Charlotte were clearly shown to be out of the lines of the ground included in the act of 1824; and he said none of the Fort Charlotte lots could be considered within the letter or spirit of the act, as all had. the same claims. To apply them to this lot,and not to all, was inconsistent.

Mr. Sergeant, for the defendant. upon the title claimed, under the act of Congress of 1824, contended, that the act 1824 granted the ldt in controversy to those under whom defendant claims;, and
not to the city of Alabama. The plaintiffs claimed, he remarked, entirely and exclusively,
under the act of 1824, which operated as a gift, without any colsideration whatever. They were not purchasers. Neither were they to take for the public, but for themselves, f6r their own use and benefit. It was incumbent upon them, therefore, to make out their case, clearly, and without reasonable ddubt.
The defendants, on the contrary, had an equity before the act, from possession with claim of right, improvement, and, in fact, creation of thie property by redeeming it from the water.
In construing this act, the whole of it must be taken together: and, further, any construction should be very cautiotsly admitted that would overturn a received construction long acted upon.
The act has a twofold operation: it operates by way of grant, and-it operates by way of confirmation, or release. For the city of Mobile, it operates by way of grant only, and that grant is entirely gratuitous, being without consideration. First, it gives, specifically, 'he Bakehouse lot -and the Hospital lot, both of them defined public property of Spain, and passed as such to the United States by treaty. They passed from the United States to the cit,. of Mobile, by their appropriate boundaries, as the Fort Charlotte lot passed to the purchasers; with only this difference, that the latter paid for what they got.
-Asto all the rest, the grant to the city of Mobile is of.what is not otherwise granted, confirmed, released, or excepted. The language of the first section is "not sold or confirmed to individuals either by this or any other act;" and "to which no equitable title exists in favour of an-y individual," &c. And then there is the general proviso to the whole. act, "That nothing in this act contained shall be construed to affect the claim or claims,

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

241

[The City of Mobile v. Eslava.]

if any such there be, of duy inaividual or individuals, or of any

body politic or corporate." The city of Mobile, though fist in

the order of the act, is last in the order of grant. All the other

grants, confirmations, releases, exceptions, and provisoes, are to

be satisfied; and then the city is to take what "right and claim"

there may be of the United States, not asserting that there will

be any.

Now, in the first place, the defendant had a right by the sale

under the act of 1818, as has already been stated.; which is con-

firmed, if necessary, by the act of 1824.

In the next place, he had an "equitable title," by possession,

improvement, expenditure of money and labour in reddeming

the land, contributions in takes, and the like, repeatedly recog-

nised by the United States as the ground of a.pre-emption right.

He has, especially, an equitable title against the city of Mobile,

who not only looked on while he was expending money and

labour as owner; but compelled him to pay taxes as owner for

the publid use, and to contribute to the public gratification and

convenience by adorning the streets in the neighbourhood of his

property; and finally by resolution, ordered him to be prosecuted

as owner for an alleged nuisance on his lot.

Again, he is within the very words of the second section oi

tniact of 1824, and within the-decision of this Court, in Pollard's

'heirs v Kibb , 14 Peters, 353. In the bill'of exceptions (Printed

Record, 10) the facts were submitted to the jury by thp judge,

with instructions precisely conformable to the act. The facts

have been found, and upon those facts the judgment, is right.

With the state 'of facts, judicially settled, as the record shows, the

defendant was clearly entitled under the act; and it would have

been palpable error to give judgment against him. There was

no "'right or claim" remaining in the United States; and there-

fore there was none granted to the city of Mobile.. It is of no

importance that other questions arose and were discussed in that

Court, or in the Supreme Court of Alabama; nor whether the

oninion u'on them was right or wrong. If the. defendant was

entitled to judgment, those questions are immaterial, and this

Court will affirm the judgment upon its proper grounds. The

defendant has a perfect title under the act of 1824, whether he

had a right before or not; and no one can gainsay it, who claims

VOL. XVI.-X

31

242

SUPREME COURT.

[The City of Mobile v. Eslava.]
by.virtue of a residuary grant of the sabie act, as the city of Mobile does.
It is needless to add, finally, that tle defendant clearly had a "claim" within the proviso of the act. He was in actaal pos session, notoriously claiming a right. The United States never meant to convey to the city of Mobile a capacity to "distirbpossessions, and carry on lawsuits. Neither did they mean- to destroy the power of Congress to hear applications for relief from persons whose claims, though imperfect, Were, entitled to. equitable consideration and allowance. Where the land was vacant, and no claim was made to it, it was granted. Such a grant was consistent with the ordinary method of proceeding. But to part by grant, (and especially without consideration or equivalent,) with the power of doing liberal justice to claimants in Actual possession, in the usual way; would seem to be against precedent, policy, and reason, and in derogation of the accustomed privileges of the citizen. This Court has not so interpreted the act of 1824. Pollard's heirs v; Kibb6, 14 Peters, 365. The claim was at least such'an one as might be presented to Congress; and such an one, therefore, as to be within the proviso, according to the- decision of this Court.

Mr. Justice MLEAN delivered the opinion of the Court. This case comes before this Court on a writ of error to the Supreme Court of Alabama. The plaintiffs brought an action to recover certain lots in the city of Mobile, bounded east by Commerce street, south by Church street, on the west by Water street, and extending on the east side of Commerce street t6 the channel of the river. They claim title under the act of Congress of the 26th May, 1824; and the Circuit Court of the state, in which the action was first brought, decided against their title. That decision wa.s removed to the Supreme Court of the state by writ of error, where the judgment of the Circuit Court was affirmed. Under the twenty-fifth sectiol of the judiciary act of 1789, the case is brought before this Court. The first section of the above act declares, "That all the right and claim of the United States to the lots known as the Hospital and Bakehouse lots, containing about three-fourths of an acre of

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

243

[The City of Mobile v. Esluva.]
land ih the state of Alabama; and also, all the right and claim of the United States to all the lots not sold or confirmed to individuals, 'either by this or.any former act, and to which no equitable title exists in favour of any individual under'this or any other act, between hiigh-water mark and the channel of -the river,'and betweeh Church street and' North Boundary street, in front of the said city, be, and the same -are hereby vested in the -mayor and aldermen of the said city of Mobile, for the'time being, and their successdrs in office, for the sole use and benefit of the. said city forever."
'Ihe defendant's title was adquirea by purchase from' the United States, at a public sale, in 1820. This sale was -made under the act of Congress of the 20th April, 1818, which gave power to the President to sell the ground on which Fort Charlotte, at Mobile, stood. The ground wa required to be laid off into lots, with suitable streets and avenues, conforming, as near as practicable, to the plan of the city. Ten squares aid parts of squares were surveyed, and divided into lots, streets, &c. Bythe original plan of the city, a street known zs Water street, was run on the margin of the Mobile river, and-this street; by 'the said survey, was extended over a part of.the site of Fort Charlotte along the margin of the'river: No lots were sold. east of this street. . Lots 10, U, 12, and 13;.-if square '1, lie immediately west of Water, stieet, and are bounded by it. The lots-in dispute lie 'east of Water street, and directly' opposite the lbt above numbered.
In 1822,.'Water street and the property now in dispute,'were between high and low water mark. 'The corporation of the city, ii.1823, expended four hundred dollars in filling up 'Water street; and by the. improvement confined the water at high tide to the eastern side of Water street:
It was proved on the tHial, that in .order to reclaim one of the lots in square 2, east of Water street, the owner had to fill up seven feet; and that he coula not pass along Water street at that time except with the aid of logs and other timbers. Another witness stated that he purchased the lot west of the lots in dispute, and that he had to 'fill up his lot before it could be occupied. And other evidence was given by defendant conducing' to prove that the ea3tern line of the lots, at the date of "the sale, was

k4U

SUPREME COURT.

[The City of Mobile v. Eslava.]

below high-water mark; and that the company who purchased the lots, at the sale of the government, expended 'about three thousand, dollars for the common benefit of their property, and to keep the water from it. It was also proved that after the purchase of one of the lots in controversy, by Addin Lewis, under whom the defendant- claims, he caused dirt tio be hauled upon it, and timbers were laid to force out the water and fit the lot for a timber yard. Charles Matthews; who owted one of the lots, bounded by the water, expended one thousand dollars in filling up his lot.,
And to show improvements on the lots in dispute before 1824, the defefidant read'from the book of the corporation, the following entry, dated in 1823: "Charles S. Matthe.ws having improved his lot 'by' filling it up, and a stagnant pond being occationed thereby at the end of Church street, &c." In 1824, about onehalf, of the space between, Water -street and Commerce street, was" subject to be coveredby water at the ordinary tides. ,Water street was. not opened as low as Church street untif 1824. It appeared that the 'defendant and those under whom he claims, had paid takes on the property to the corporation. That in 1824 or 1625, the defendant was required to pay for side walks around his lots, upon the assessment of the corporatiqn; and in 1833, he was required by the mayor of the cityj to fill up two places upon one of the lots with earth or shells. Ab6ut this time, the lot w~s advertised for sale, as the-property of Matthews the defendant's tenant, for taxes due the corporation; which were afterwards
paid, with the costs of advertising, &c. Upon these facts, the Circuit'Judge charged the-jury, ' That, if
the lots 'specified-in the patents 10, 1-1, 12, &c., were proved to -b've,been bounded by high-water mark at:the time purchased, .theh-hey came within the terms of' 1ots kmown under the Spanish government as water lots,' as'usd in.the act of Congress; and if proved that the lots claimed were east, of Water street, and in front of the. lots covered by the patents,, and.that they had been, improved before the passage of the act of 1824, they were vested in the proprietors and occupants-of the lots held undei the patents;
and this, although Water street did intervene b'etween the lots claimed and-those held under the patents." And thie Court furtfier chargedthe jury, that "it the proof showed the property;

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

245

[The City of Mobile v. Eslava.]
to have beep.assessed in 1823, by the city authorities, at four thousand dollars, and recently at eighty-eight thousaqd dollars, and that the improved value resulted from the labour of Charles Matthews; that if in August, 1823, the mayor and alder~aen, in reference to one of the lots in dispute, had on their minutes used this language, viz.: Whereas Charles Matthews has commenced to improve his lot by filling up, &c., and that a committee was organized to inquire into a nuisance connected with the lot; that in 1824 or 1825 of the years between that and the commencement of the suit, the city taxes had been assessed on the property and collected from Matthews; and that he had been required by an ordinance of the mayor and 'aldermen to make side walks along this lot, and had so -lone; that Matthews had by a written notice issued by the mayor, been required to fill up some low places on said lot, to abate a nuisance thereon, and that this property was advertised for sale as the property of Matthews, in one of the city papers, for the non-payment of city taxes assessed thereon; and that subsequently Matthews had paid such taxes into the city treasury: that the f-cts estopped the plaintiff from asserting any pre-existing title under the act of Congress."
The plaintiffs' counsel requested the judge to charge the jury, "that if they believed "thefacts were proved as contended for by them, that the plaintiffs were entitled to a verdict :,their favour; which the judge refused to do."
In their opinion, the Supreme Court of Alabama do not give a: construction of the act of 1824, under which the plaintiffs! right is asserted; but consider the respective rights and powers of the federal and state governments arising under the federal Constitution, and the compact entered into on the admission of the state of Alabama into the Union. The power of the Spanish monarch over the soil and navigable waters, when the territory was under his dominion, is also considered and illustrated; and the doctrines of the common law as applicable to the subject are examined: and by this course of reasoning, the Court, among other conclusions, decide that the act of 1824 is void, as Congress had no power to grant the property in dispute.
The result of this investigation was the affirmance of the judgment of the Circuit Court. And so far as regards the question before us, it is immaterial by what process of reasoning the

SUPREME COURT.
[The City of Mobile v. Esava]
Supreme Court of Alabama came to this conclusion. Their opinion constitutes no part of the record, and is not properly a part of the case. We must look to the points raised'by the exceptions in the Circuit Court, as the only questions for our consideration and decision.
Both parties set up a right under the act of 1824. It is the foundation of the plaintiffs' title; and the defendant relies upon it as sanctioning his claim. Now, no construction of this act can favour the hostile pretensions of both parties; and if the true construction of it shall give n6 title to the plaintiffs, this controversy is at an end. And in this view it is innecessary to inquire into the constitutionality of the act.
The defendant insists'that his right is sanctioned by the second section of the above act, which provides, "that all the right and claim of the United States to so many of the lots of ground east of Water street, and between Church street and North Boundary street, now known as water lots, as are situated between the channel of the river and the front of the lots known, under the Spanish government, as water lots, in the said city of Mobile, whereon improvements have been made, be, and the same are hereby, vested in the several proprietors and occupants of each' of the lots heretofore fronting on the river Mobile, except in cases where such proprietor or occupant has alienated his right to any such lot now-designated as a water lot, &c."
TPis Court gave some consideration to the construction of this section in the case of Pollard'. heirs v. Kibb6, 14 Peters, 353 ; and there was a diversity of opinion among the judges on the subject. It must be admitted that the section was loosely drawn, and its "meaning may be somewhat involved in doubt.
Some doubt has been expressed whether the improvements required were to ha,,e been- made on the front or water lot. But we think they must be made on the latter. The right relinquished by the United States was to the water lois lying "east of Water street," "and between Church street and North Boundary street, now known as water lots, as are situated between the channel of the river and the front of the lots known under the Spanish government as water lots, in the said city of Mobile, whereon improvements have been made." Now it will be observed that all the words between the words "water- lots" first used in the

JANUARY TERM, 1S42,

247

[The City of Mobile v. Eslava.]"
above sentence, and the words "whereon improvements have been made," are only descriptive of the locality of the water lots to which.the right was relinqdushel. And if this be. the case, it follow., that the impr6venments refer to the water, and not the front tots. And we think a reasonable construction of the act reqqires the improvements to have been made or owned by the proprietor of the front lof at the time of its passage. Being proprietor of the front lot, and'having improved the water lot oppiosite and east of Water street, constitute the conditions on which the right, if any, under the statute vests.
In his charge to the jury, the judge laid down' these conditions in clear terms; and instructed the jury, if the facts brought the defendant within them, that they should find against the plaintiffs. The jury did so find, and this is, conclusive as to the facts of the
case: and the only inquiry remains, whether by any possible construction of the act, in view of these facts, any right under it can be asserted by the plaintiffs.
A statute so badly drawn as to vest a right ko the 'same property in hostile claimants, v ould in itself be a nullity. Ex6eptionable and involved as the language of this statute may be, it is not obnoxious to this objection.
The first section, under which alone can the plaintiffs pretend to have any colour of right, excepts from its provisions "lots sold or confirmed to individuals, either by that or any former act, aid to which an equitable title exists in favour of any individual under that or any other act." This exception embraces the right of the defendant, as found by the jury; and shows that however obscure some points of the act may be, its provisions are consistent.
As this is decisive of the case, it is unnecessary to notice the instruction prayed for by the plaintiffs in the Circuit Court; and which the Court refused to give. It was asked in affirmance, generally, of the plaintiffs' right..
The judgment of theSupreme Court of Alabama, which affirms the judgment of the Circuit Court of that state, is affirmed.

Mr. Justice CATROM. *This is a writ of error prosecuted to reverse the decision of the Supreme Court of Alabaina, in an action corresponding to an ejectment. The first, question is, has this Court jurisdiction

SUPREME COURT.
[The City of Mobile v. EslavL].
under the twenty-fifth section of the judiciary act? Both parties claim under a private act of Congress of the 2Qth of May, 1824. It granted to the corporation of Mobile, the lands betweei highwater mark and the channel of the river, in front of the city: the premises sued for are included within the limits. The decision of the State Court was against the right claimed, on the part of the plaintiffs. First, The defendant set up a claim under the second section of the same act, because he had improved tle premises before 1824, and when he was an alienee from the proprietors of the front lots west of Water street.
Second. He insisted that the city was estopped to set up a claim under the act of Congress; because the defendant had improved the lot, and been recognised as owner by the corporation, in various ways.
The plaintiffs having read. the act of Congress as a grant, and proved the defendant in possession, asked the Court to instruct the jury, that if they believed the facts were proved, as contended for by them, they were entitled'to a verdict; which instruction the Court refused: and a verdict was rendered for the defendant, and judgment given in the Circuit Court for him, to w.hich a writ of error was prosecuted to the Supreme Court. One error assigned is, -That the charge of the Circuit Judge denies that the United States had power to grant the premises in question."' On this assignment, there was a joinder-that there was no error.
The plaintiffs' title is set out in the record;. and upon this title and upon the last assignment of error, is the opinion of the Supreme Couit of Alabama exclusively founded. The opinion is before us, and maintains that the act of 1824 is void; as did a most laboured argument here, on the part of the defendant in error. To meet the opinion, this cau.e was avowedly brought into this Court, by the corporation of the city of Mobile; it is conclusive in the State Courts against the title of the city, and that of its alienees, to a vast amount of property feld under the act of 1824: and I think it is our duty to meet the question; if we do not, the decision will remain the law of Alabama. The whole title of both sides are set forth in the record; aud it was quite proper in the Supreme Court'of Alabama to commence with the examination of the plaintiffs' first; and if found void, to declare

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

249

[The City of Mobile v. Eslava.]
that the plaintiffs could only recover on the strength of their own title, and refuse to examine the advdrsary title of defendant.
The charge of the Circuit Court on any other point was not noticed; nor do I see how, in another case, the corporation can more prominently present the question on the validity of the act of Congress, so as to bring it before this Court for final decision. First, or last, this is not to be avoided.
That the whole case is before this Court, will be seen-by reference to Botland v. Ross, 1 Peters, 664. There both sides derived title under an act of Congress. The defendlant's claim was re-
jected on a construction given to the plaintiff's patent and entry.' It recognised the case of Mathews v. Zane, 4 Cranch, 382, as having settled the doctrine that where both sides claim under acts of Congress, and come to this Court under.!the twenty-fifth section 6f the judiciary act, for their construction, the Court proceeds on the whole case; and for either side. The Court say--"The third article of the Constitution, when considered in 'connection with the statute, will give it a more extensive construction than it might otherwise receive. It is supposed that the act (1789, s. 25) intends to give this Court power of rendering uniform the construction of the laws of the United States,,and the decision of rights and titles claimed under those laws." This decision was made in 180S.
The case of Borland v. Ross, was this: Borland claimed by a patent, dated October, 1830, founded on ali entry of 1807. The defendant claimed under a patent dated i 1819. The State Court adjudged the younger'patent the better title; it was coupled with the entry--giving the title daie from 1807. 'This Court say-" By the Constitution, the 'judicial power shall exterd to all cases arising under the Constitution or laws of the United States, and treaties made, or to be made, under their authority: and where the construction of a statute of the United States is drawn in question, and the decision is against the right, or title set up under it, the decision may be re-examined, and reversed or affirmed, by this Court. . The Court hi1d, that as b;oth parties claimed under the act of Congress, the case of Mathews v.
Zane governs.

250

SUPREME COURT.

[The Uity of Mobile v. EIava.]
*Thepoint was more prominently presented in Wilcox v. Jack-
son, 1.3 Peters, 509. A pre-emption claimant took old Fort Dearborne, at Chicago.
He got-a, certifiate frbm the register of the land-office; on this hseet souuetdalilnththee State Circuit Court in Illinois. A special verdict
facts. The defendant was a military officer in the
fort. The United States resisted the claim, because it was insisted the fort was appropriated land. On the special verdict, and on the broad facts referred to the Court by the jury; the Circuit Court gave judgment for the defendant. A writ of error was prosecuted to the Supreme Court of Illinois. That Court gave judgment for the plaintiff. Then the United States, in the name of Wilcox, prosecuted a writ of error to this Court under the twentyfifth section of the judiciary act.
We examined the cause precisely as the Supreme Court of Illinois bad done; that is, on the entire record presented by the special verdict.
On what ground the Court below had founded its judgment, we only knew by its opinion produced to us. We reversed the judgment, and rendered 'one for the defendant. We declarpd the entry on which the plaintiff founded his action void, on a construction of the acts, of Congress governing the case; following, to some extent, Martin v. Hunter, 1 Wheat. 305, 355.
In this case the Supreme Court of Alabama declared the grant of the plaintiff void, because the land, as they supposed, had vested previously in the -state. Had the bill of exceptions been turned into a special verdict, and there would not be a shade of difference in the cases. On this point there was no doubt entertained in Pollard's heirs v. Kibb6, 14 Peters, 53.
With this explanation' we will proceed to the merits; and first inquire, whether the claim of the defendant can be sustained under his title from the purchasers of the Fort Charlotte property. By the act of April, 1818, (Land Laws, 756,) the President was authorized to cause Fort Charlotte to be abandoned, and the land on which itstood to be surveyed and laid off into lots, with.suitable streets and avenues, conforming as near as might be to the original plan of the city of Mobile; and on the survey being completed, a plot thereof was to be returned to the Secretary'of the Treasury; and another to be fur-

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

-51

[The City of Mobile v. Esava.]

nished to the officer authorized to dispose of the lots, by the President; the lots were to be advertised and sold as other public lands of the United States, and a patent was to be issued for each lot.
The lots were laid off, as also the streets. Water street was located next the bay, and the lots nearest.the water fronted that. street on the west; the lots were neither surveyed nor sold east of Water street. High tide flowed up to the street, and in part covered it; but east of it there was a wide flat, covered from a foot to eighteen inches deep, when the tide was in; but when out, free from water to the channel of the Mobile river. This flat was easily reclaimed by embankments, and filing up; and was obviously the ground on which a great.part of the city would soon be located. Reclaiming lands from the water through-that section of country, is the common practice, and was deemed a matter of course in this instance. The purchasers of the Fort Charlotte lots west of Water street, foreseeing the value of the propdrty east of it, seized on the flooded lands on the assumption that they were entitled to go to the channel of the river, as riparian'owners of the front on the shore; and on this assumptfon, sold to Matthews. the property in dispute, lying east of Water street. The flat has since been filled up, and" tli6re are several streets east of Water street. It ismanifest the United States only sold the lots laid off, (for eachof which 'a patent was issued;) reserving the land next the channel of the river: in regard to which, the Supreme Court of Alabama say: "the defendant does not rely upon his riparian proprietorship, as entitling him to the land east of Water street; nor, indeed, could he insist on it with success, as the Fort Charlotte lots were not bounded by the, river, but had other fixed metes and bounds." Nor was it possible that the lands seized upon and sold to Matthews, could follow as an incident to the patent, for two additional reasons: First, had the putchase been to the river, or bay of Mobile, in terms, the boundary would have been limited to high-water mark. Such is the rule, (as I think,) beyond coNrtroversy, In regard to all our territory acquired from Spain. So the Supreme Court of Alabama held in Hagner v. Campbell, 8 Porter's Rep. 24. So it has held in other cases. It is the established law of property in that state. Second, Water street wag reserved next the bay, and, being publiq property,'all the inci-

SUPREME COURT.
[The City of Mobile v. Eslava]
dents of accretion; (had any accrued,) would have belonged to the public, and not to the owners of lots west of the intervening street. On this point the great Battuer case, at New Orleans, turned. See Dubigney's Expose, 22, 58, 59. Gravier claimed -to'have purchased to the river Mississippi, and the claim was resisted, on the ground that he had only purchased to the highway lying on the bank of the river. The question was, who should have the accretions? The case was decided on the fact that Gravier's purchase of the Jesuit's property was bounded by The bank ;*and.that the road run over his property, as an easement. 2 Hall's Law Journal, 295; 5 Hall's Law Journal, 1 arid 113; Angel on Tide-waters, app. 197, Mr. Livingston's argument. .The fact that Water street was reserved to the United States is undisputed in this case, and is conclusive of any claim east of the -intervening street, in the purchasers of the Fort Charlotte lots. The defendant's title can therefore derive no aid from this source.
2. Did he derive title by force of the act of 1824? The Court below held that the act was inoperative, for want of power in -Congress to pass title to the, lands between Water street and the channel of the river; and the corporation of the city of Mobile, being the plaintiff, could not recover (as actor) for want of title. That the United States acquired the title to lands flowed by tides, by the treaty with Spain, is, of course, admitted. That they had power to grant, uip to the adoption of the Constitution of Alabama, in 1819, is also admitted in the opinion under revie t. That the Spanish king could grant lands under tide-water, is free from doubt, and the United States acquired by cession all his powers over the vacant soil. But the lands flowed by the tides are claimed for the state of Alabama as a part of her sovereign rights.
To comprehend the nature of the claim some laws and facts must be stated. When the Alabama territory, in 1819, proposed to form a state government, Congress passed an act (ch. 171) to authorize the formation of a state constitution; and pr6posed several conditions for the adoption of the convention, which ivere adopted as part of the constitution; and amongst others, it was agreed with the United States, "That the people of Alabama forever disclaim all right and title to the wastu or unappropriated lands lying within the state; and that the same shall renain at the sole disposition of tfie United States."

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

253

[The City of Mobile v.Eslava.]

" 2. That all the navigable waters within the state shall forever remain public highvays, and free to the citizens of that state, and the United States, without any tax, duty, or impost, or toll therefor, imposed by that state."
The constitution of Alabama was presented to Congress for tecognition; and on the 14th of December, 1819, it was resolved, "1That the state of Alabama shall be one, and is hereby declared to be one of the United States of America, and admitted into the Union on an equal footing with the originaL states, in all respects whatever." By the acceptance of the conditions on part of the United States, it is considered clear, says the Supreme Court of Alabama, ccThat the navigable waters of this state have been dedicated to the common use of the people of the United States; but perhaps it may be considered as questionable what extent of soil is embraced by the dedication. We think it must be so much ground as is covered with water, not only at low but at high tide."
The Court then proceeds further to declare, "That the act of 1824 vested no title in the corporation of Mobile; for the reason that the state of Alabama was admitted into the Union on the footing of the original states. That the original 'states by their colonial charters had the right of property, in bays and arnis of the sea; this they retained, and it can only be interfered with by the federal government, under the right to regulate commerce, so far as to preserve a free navigation. The United' States then? may be said to claim for the public an easement for the transportation of merchandise, &c., in the navigable waters of the original states; while the right of property remains in the states."
"The original states possessing this interest in the waters with-. in their jurisdictional limits, the new states cannot stand upon an equal footing with them as members of the Union, if the United States still retain over their navigable waters any other right than is fiecessary to the exercise of its constitutional powers. To recapitulate, we are of opinion: First, That the navigable waters within this state have been dedicated to the use of the citizens of the United States, so that it is not competent for Congress to grant a right of property in the same. Second, The navigable waters extend not only to low water, but embrace all the soil that is within the limits of high-water mark. Third, By the acts of Congress
VOL. XVI.-Y

SUPREME COURT.
[The City of Mobile v. Eslava.]
regulating the survey and disposal of the public lands, the federal govermnent has renounced the title to the navigable waters and the soil covered by them; consequently the plaintiffs cannot recover on the ground of a dedication to the uses of the city under the act of 1824, which is an enactment of a later date. Fourth, The original states, invirtue of their royal charters, are entitled to the right of propert5 in the navigable waters within their territory, while the public are only entitled to an easement, to be provided for under that provision of the federal Constitution which authorizes Congress to regulate commerce, &c. Alabama is admitted intothe Union on an equal footing with the original states; and, of consequence, is entitled to the right of property in the tide-waters within its limits. Fifth, By the admission of Alabama into the Union, withoUt a reservation of the right of property in the navigable waters, the state succeeded to all the right of the United States, except so far as it was reserved by the federal Constitution in some of its grants, or its retention was ne-
cessary to enable the federal government to exercise its delegated powers. Having attained these conclusions, it will follow that the act of 1824 is inoperative, and confers no title upon the plaintiffs."
That the original states acquired by the -Revolution the entire
rights of soil, and of sovereignty is most certain. And if it be true that Alabama was admitted on an equal footing in regard to the rights of soil with the original states, she can hold the high lands equally with the land covered by navigable waters; ,and so can nine other states equally hold, to the uttei destruction of all claim to the lands heretofore indisputably rec(gnised as belonging to-the United States, as being a common fund of the Union.
The clause inserted into the constituition of Alabama, reserving the rights of property to the United States, as a compact with them, embraces lands under water as emphatically as those not covered with water? But if no stipulation saving the interest of the United States had been made, they would have had just as much right to their private property as an individual had to lhis. They hold, as a corporation, an individual title.
The Constitution of the United States provides, "that the Congress shall have power to dispose of, and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belong-

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

255

[The City of Mobile v. Esava.]
ing to-the United States: and hothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice' any claims of the United States, or of any particular state." This is the paramount law of thie land, by force of which the puiblic domain in Alabama was held and governed, and which needed no aid.
Neither did Congress cede it by stipulating that the navigable rivets should be highways. That such waters are common for 'the purposes of navigation and commerce, in the widest sense, is free from doubt; that Alabama has jurisdiction and power over them, the same as the. original states have over their navigable waters, is equally clear. Yet it does not follow that the fee of the shores, banks, and soils under water, is in the state, of Alabama. The United States, as owner, can do no act to obstruct the free public use of the waters, more than a private ownier of the soil under water could obstruct the navigation. The individual owner in fee of the bottom of a navigable river, can cultivate and take out the shell fish or the minerals from the bed; nor can it be doubted that the United States may pursue. veins of silver, tin, lead, or copper, under the bottom of a bay, the river Mississippi, or a great lake; although they could not impede in any degree their navigation. So may the assignees or lessees of the United. States do the same. Nor can it be otherwise in regard to the occupation of the lands between high and low water mark. The' Delta of Mississippi,,the greater part of East Florida, much of Alabama, and also of the state of Mississippi;.hav .Jandscovered slightly with the flow of high-water. These lands are subject to be redeemed by embankments; they amount to some millions of acres; many of them are of th6 best rice, indigo, and even sugar and cotton lands on this continent. Immense bodies of -land are flowed by the great lakes, and siabject to beredeemed; alad ye t more, many parts of the shores of the great river Mississippi, from the mouth of the Missouri to the'ocean, are annually flowed by a tide of its own; and thelands are redeemed by levees from the water until the vessels on the surface of the river float above redeemed plantations that have been submerged for months every year; and that were submerged in 1819, when it is supposed the United States, by implication, ceded all the flawed lands within her limits to Alabama. Enbankments to exclude the water are almost as common on the banks

256

SUPREME COURT.

[The City of Mobile 'v. Eslava.]

of the Mississippi river, and in the Delta of country embraced by its mouths, as are fences in other parts of the country to protect the crops from animals; and it is not in the reach of probability, or of belief, that Congress, by an oversight, surrendered all flowed lands to the states in Which they lie; or that,it was intended to cede to the new states the right to prohibit the construction of forts and defences by the United States, on the public lands below the high-water mark. I'imagine it has never occurred. to any one, that a purchase of the soil from the state of Louisiana was necessary befire works within the flow of tide-water could be constructed for the defence of the mouths of the *Mississippiriver. The idea is new; and the assumption leading to such a consequence, startling. It is certainly not so in 'Alabama. To cut off every preience of the kind, Congress asked Alabama when she entered the Union, to disclaim all right and title to th6 unappropriated and waste landd lying within the state, and that the same should remain at the sole disposition of the United States; and to this Alabama bound herself in the most solemn manner by her
constitution. The claim set up for her, en this ground, has theiefore no just foundation.
The Supreme Court of Alabama also holds that by the several acts of Congress, regulating the survey of the 'public lands, it is provided that those which border on navigable waters shall not include within their lines any part of the shore: and, therefore, the federal government has -renounced the title to the navigable waters, and the soil covered by them.
The United States have surveyed the shores of the tide-waters, great lakes, and certainly the banks of the great rivers to a wide extent. From the first, shores and banks of rivers have been the boundaries of fractional sections ; large quantities of land have been sold and are now in the market, within the high-water mark; many even on the Alabama river. On the Mississippi, most of the fractions are partially overflowed. Towns and villages on the banks of the river are partly withiu the high-water mark, resting on patents from the United States; or on confirmed French and Spanish claims. Scarcely any are exempt. from this supposed infirmity. of title when situated on tide-water or on the larger rivers, and this is especially so in regard to the towns on the Mississippi, within the range of country "sold out by the

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

257

[The City of Mobile v. Eslava.]

United States. Indeed, one town, at the mouth of the Ohio, is entirely below high-water mark, and secured by embankment; so that it is idle to" adduce the practice of the governnent as proof of abandonment. The United States reserved the lands under water, and between high and low water mark,-in many instances for public use; and subject to grant by special acts of Congress. That this is so, we need go no further than the city of Mobile for evidence. The British government made a grant to William Richardson, in 1767, fronting on Mobile xiver one hundred and forty poles, but bounded by the river. In 1807, the Spanish governor at Pensacola confirmd the same to John Forbes and Company, extending to'the channel of the river. This grant was void for want of authority in the governor, to. make it; the country having been ceded to the United States. Garcia v. Lee, 12 Peters, 511. The act'of 1819, (Land Laws, 748,) granted it by confirmation to John Forbes and Company. It lies at the city, is two hundred and sixty-three -acres on the high land,, and was adjudged a good title in Hagan and Others v. Campbell, by the Supreme Court of Alabama. 8 Peters, 1 to 25. So in Pollards v. Kibb6, 14 Peters, 355. The cause came to this Court from the Supreme Court of Alabama. That Court held that the act of 1824, above referred to,'conferred the- better title on' the defendant. This Court reversed the decision, because the land in dispute was excepted from the act; and declared that the private act of July, 1836, vested the title in tee in Pollard's heirs, the plaintiffs in the suit. They are now in'as grantees, by force of the private act, under the sanction of our decision. The land lies east of Water street, and was covered with water at high
tide the same as the land in controversy. If Congress had no power to grant; the act of 1836 is void
and our decision wrong, as was that of the Supreme Court of
Alabama in the same case; for they held the previous act of 1824 was a valid grant. Many of the flowed lands must have private owners. The old states are in the constant habit of granting them; in some they are supposed to be of almost equal value with all the high lands: so it was confidently asserted in the argu-

ment of the cause of Martin v. Waddell, in regard to New Jersey. The great oyster banks are certainly worth many millions of dol-
lars in that state, and are fast becoming private property. If the

y 2

33

258

SUPREME COURT.

[The City of Mobile v. Eslava.]

United States cannot make titles, the new states must make them. The city of Mobile, on the river front two squares deep, is without title if it be true that the act of 1824 is void for want of power-in the United States to give title. I think it clear that the assumption of abandonment, because of the mode ofsurveying the public lands, cannot be maintained.
Nor has Alabama a better founded or more plausible claim to the lands between high and low-water mark, on the ground that she was admitted into the Union on an equal footing with the original, states. What was the condition of these states -the old thirteen-when they entered the Union? In Massachiisetts-including what is now lkaine--all the right of soil to lands, so far as the sea ebbed and flowed, by the colonial charter, (to the extent of one hundred rods,) was in the owners of the shores; and although the charter was annulled, the right was maintained as the common law of the state at the Revolution. The law and decision are found in Angel on Tide-watet, 108;
and in Dane's Abr. 694, 698. So in New York, lands were held under tide-water, especially
about the city, by individual titles. Mayor, &c., v. Scott, 1 Caines' Rep. 543.
So it was in west New Jersey--and to a great extent in Pennsylvania and Maryland. The authorities will be found in Martin v. Waddell, decided at this term. It was only in those states where the royal charters had been surrendered or forfeited to ',the crown, and in which no grants to flowed lands had been
made, (ifany such there were,) that they devolved on the state as a consequence of the Revolution, That mud-flats Were then held in private property in every state of the Union can hardly be doubted. If one was in this condition, it is enough for our purpose. In Massachusetts they were all thus held. If Alabama came in "on the same footing" with Massachusetts; then all the inud-flats may be held in private property also in Alabama.
The stipulation in the ordinance of 1787, and which is repeated in the resolution admitting Alabama, guiarantying to the new
state equal rights with the old, referred to the political rights and sovereign capaities left to the old states, unimpared by the Constitution of the United States; and which were confirmed to them by that instrument. Whilst territories, the people inhabiting the

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

259

[The City of Mobile v. Eslava.]
countries now composing the new states, were subject to the will of Congress; unrestrained further than restrictions were imposed by the federal Constitution; and by compact, where 'the lands had been ceded by an original state, or by treaty, when acquired from a foreign nation. The power.of Congress was, and now is,
in the territories, almost absolute. From this power, the territory is withdrawn, to the same extent, on entering the Union, that the original states were exempt, when they formed the Constitution: having equal capacities of self-government with the old states, -and equal benefits under the Constitution of the United States. This is the extent of the guarantee. That each and all of the states have sovereign power over their navigable waters above and below the tide, no one doubts. And it is just as free from doubt, that the shores and banks of such waters, and the mud-flats flowed by them, are the subject of private ownership. The property cannot be appropriated to the obstruction or injury, of the public use in the water, furthe than the state government permits; and if it is attempted, the obstruction may be abated as a nuisance. Whether the Bay of Mobile has been obstructed, is not a matter of incuiry; no one pretends that it has been: the question is, could the flat between high-water mark and the channel of the river be granted by the individual owner, the United States. That it could, is, I think, free from doubt; and that the act of 1824 is valid, and passed the title to the corporation of Mobile, unless the defendant's premises were excepted from the grant by the act.
The first section vests in the mayor and aldermen all the lands between high-water mark and the channel of the river, in front of the city, that lie belov North Boundary stieet and above Church street. From which general grant are excepted by the second section lots on which improvements had been made lying east of Water street and fronting the water lots, during the Spanish government, lying -west of, Water street. The improved property was by the act vested in the proprietor or occupant of the lot fronting and opposite on the -west of the street; or in
the purchaser of the new lot from the owner of the old one. That the improvement must have been on the eastern and new
water lot, is, to my mind, plain from the reading of the act; so it has been held by the Courts of Alabama, as appears by the case

260

SUPREME, COURT.

[The City of Mobile v. Eslaya.]

of Pollard's heirs: that this has been the construction of the act t)y ihe parties interested, is. manifest from all the controversies in regard to this property;, and thdse at whose instance the act was passed are the best judges of its meaning. 12 Wheat. 200. The old lots were only referred .to, to give locality to the new in case of existing improvements east of Water street. If the proprietor (which means owner) of the old lot had improved on the flat in front of it, then he was entitled by the act to an equal width extejnding to the channel of 'the river, as compensation for his improvement. The Fot Charlotte lots were sold to a company, and 'they improved,, before 1824, in front of six of them; and sold to Charles L. Matthews, who 'continued improving in 1823, and 1824; and has occupied the premises since; and he and his tenants defend the suit. The property was valued; for the purpose of taxation, at eighty-eight thousand dollars at the time of the trial; it was worth only four thousand dollars in 1823, and it was proved the increased value resulted from -the labour of Charles Matthews.
The Circuit Court charged the jury.(amongst other charges) "that, if the lot specified in the patents 10, 11, 12, &c., were proved to have been bounded by high-water mark at the time .of ihe purchase; then they came within the terms of lots known under the Spanish government a water lots, as used, in the act of Congress;" and if it was proved that the'lot claimed was east of Water street, and in front of the lots covered by the patents, and that had been -improved before the passage of the act, it was vested in the proprietors and occupants of the lots held under,the patents; and this, although Water street did intervene between the lots claimed and those held under the patents. The charge is deemed correct. The objection that the land-,.in front of the Fort Charlotte lots did not pass by the act, of 1824, has nothing in it. The first and second sections, refer to the same premises; the first covers all the lands between high-water mark and the channel of the river, and lying between Church street to North Boundary streets: of this there can be no doubt; and the exceptions in the second section apply to every part of the grant, made by the first. On these grounds the judgment should be affirmed.

SUPREME COURT.
THoMAs WooD, JUNIOR, CLAIMANT 0-F TWENTY-TWO PACKAGES OR PIECES OF 'CLOTH, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, v. THE UNITED STATps, DEFENDANTS IN ERROR.
'he United States filed in the Distrit Couit of the United States, for the Maryland district, a libel of information, in rem, upon aseizure upon land, in the district, of twenty.two pieces of cloth imported into New York, and claiming them as forfeited. The libel ontained many counts, but that on which the decision of the Supreme Court was given, was founded on the sixty-sixth section of-the revenue act of 1799, which declares that any goods which shall'not be invoiced according to the actual cost there,of at the place of exportation, with-design to evade the duties thereupon, all such goodj, &c., shall beforfeited. The count stated that the g(xla were not invoiced at the actual cost at the place of exportation. The duties had been paid at New York, on the invoice producea on their ebtry They were afterwards transmitted to Baltimore, and were there seized in the storqs of certain persons. having the custody thereof for the importer, who was the claimant, under a search-warrant, procured from a-ma'gistrate.' To establish the fraud in the invoices, the United States offered in evidence stindry other invoices ofcloth and cassimere, imported into New York by and consigned tb the claimant, to show- the fraudulent intention of the claimant in those importations as well as in the present. This .evidence was objected to, and the objection was overruled. The District Judge, after the whole evidence was gone through, gave thb following instructions to the jury. 1. That the issues found, and which the j~ry are, sworn to try, involve no question except upon the causes of forfeiture alleged in the information and traversed; and therefore, no question relating to the mere seizure of the goods is in issue, or material under the pleadings. 2. If the jury shall find fom the evidence in the caue, that the invoices of the goods proceded agains, weie'made up with intent, by false valuations, to evade or defraud the revenue, the United States are entled to recovir, although the jury should'also find from the evidence that the goods had been passed through the custom-house at New York, by the collector, and'the duties calculated by him on the invoices shall have been paid, or secured to be paid, and the goods delivered by the cp~lector to the import r. 3. That under dertgn counts in the information, probable cause for the prosecution had been , shown, by the United States; and that the-burden of proof, tnder the seventy-first sectin.a of the act of 2d of March, 1799, was upon the claimant; and that it is incumbent on. him to prove to the jury, that the charges in the five counts, charging fraudulentimportation, are untrue; that is, that, he shall prove the truth of the invoices on which the goods weo ente-ed, and that the invoices and packages were not made up to evade or defraud the revenue. 4..That the burden of proof being on the claimant under the seventy-first section of the act of 1799, and the fifteenth section of the act of 14th July, 1832, it is incumbent' on him to prove the actual cost of the goods in the invoices and entries stated to have been purchased by him; and that the value of the gods at the time of the seizure, or at any subsequent time, is not material, except so far 'as to assist or tend to enable the 'ury to ascertain the prices at the periods of purchase or sbipment. 5. That the

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

343

[Wood ceT. he United States.]
burden of proof being upon the claimant, to prove that the invoices were not made up with intent to defraud the revenue, it is not sufficient for him to rely on the invoices themselves, merely, as proving their own truth and fairness. The case was removed by writ of error to the Circuit Court, and there -a judgment, affirming the judgment of the District .Court, having been entered, the claimant prosecuted a writ 'of error to the Supreme Court.
Held, first: That the itruetions of the District Judge as to the original seizure, or the causes thereof, were correct. ' It is of no consequence, whatsoever, what were the original grounds of the seizure, whether founded or not; if the goods were in point of law subject to forfeiture. The United States 'are not bound down by the acts of the seizors to the causes which influenced them in making the seizure, nor by any irregularity on their part in conducting it, if the seizure can be maintained as founded on an actual forfeiture, at the time of the'seizure. it was rightly held in the District Court, that no question arbse on the issues which the jurr were to try, except uvon the causes of forfeiture alleged in the information.
Second: There was no eiror in the admission of the e&idenceof fraud deducible from the otler invoices offered in the case. The question was one offraudulent intent, or not, and upon questions of ihat sort, wlberethe, intent of thd party is the matter in issue, it has always been allowable, as well in criminal asoin civif cases, to introduce* evidence of other acts and doings of the party of a kindred charadter, in order to illustrate his intent ar motive in the particular act directly in j, dgmant.
Third: If the invoices of the goods were fraudulently made, by a false valuation to evade or defraud the revenue, the fact that they were entered, and the duties having been paid or secured at the custom-house at New York upon these invoices, was no bar to the' information for the forfeiture of the goods -to the United States.' It never can be permitted, that a party who perpetrates afraud upon the custom-house and thereby enters his goods bpon false invoices and false'valuations, and gets a regular delivery thereof upon the payment of such duties as such false invoices and false valuations require, can avail himself of 'that very fraud to defeat the purposes of justice.
The sixty-sixth section of the revenue collection act of 1799, ch. 128, remains in full force.
There must be a positive repugnancy between the new and old laws for the collection of the revenue before the old law can be considered as repealed; and even then, the old law is repealed by implication only,'pro tanto, to the extent of the repugnancy. The addition of other powers to custom-hous officers to carry into effect the object of the former laws, and sedulously introduced to meet the case. of &palpable fraud, should not be 'considered as repealing the former laws. There" ought to be a manifest and total repugnancy in the provisions 'of the later laws, to lead to the conclusion that they abrogated, and were designed to abrogate the former laws.
The burden of proof in the absence of fraud in'the entry of the goods was thrown upon the claimant. There was probable cause'for seizure shown. Probable cause must, under the seventy-first section of the act of 1799, in connection with the circumstances of this case, mean reasonable ground of presumptioh that the charge is or may be well founded.

IN error to the Circuit Court of the United-States for the dis trict of Maryland.

844

SUPREME, COURT.

(Wobd v.The Um Statq]

At the District Covrt of the United States, for the district of Maryland, on the g'0th day of December, 1839, the United States' filed-an information claiming a forfeiture of tWenty-two pieces of cloth, of,the value of twenty-five hundred dollars. The information.contained nine countj. Afterwards, and before the trial of the cause before a jury, a discontinuance was entered by the *districtattorney of the United States, of the first, second, third, fourth, and fifth counts. The case was tried before a jury in July, 1840 on the remaining' counts in tfi9 information ; and a verdidt aild judgnent were rendered in favour of the United States. The claimant took-a bill of exceptions to the charges of the Court, and prosecuted a writ of exror to the Circuit Court. In thai Court, a judgment was entered, pro formg, In favour of the. United States; and the dase was7broyuight by the claimant, .homas Wood, by writ of error to th Supieme Court. IThe information fied by the United Sthtes, in the District
Court, in the third- count, on the sixiy-sixth section of the collection act of 1199 alleged that the goods were not invoiced according to their actualooost at the port of exportation; with design to evade the duties thereon. The sixth, seventh, and eighth counts on the .fourth sectioii of the supplementary act of .1830, and,the ninth count on the fourteenth section of the act of 1832, alleged, under dii~erent forms of statement, that the invoices on which the goods-had been entered, and.the packages containing them, had been made up with intent to evade or defraud the revenue.
The defendant's first plea was a denial-that the goods had been seized for the same causes of forfeiture alleged in the information. The second plea set forth certain warrants issued under the sixtyeighth section of the act of 1799, authorizing the seqch for and seizure of goods entered without permits and concealed in certaili stores inBajimore, and-alleged that the seizure was made under 'these warrants and not under any other authority or for any 'other cause than that which was contained in them. The third plea alleged that the goods in question were imported into New York, and duly entered and unladen under regular permits; that in order too the ascertainment of the duties, the collector caused, them to be appraised according to their actual value at the time and p]Rce of exporiafion, and also caused one package out of 'every invoice, and one package out of every twenty packages

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

M

[Wood v. The United States.]

of each invoice, to be opened and examined; and that -the package so opened and examined were found and reported tQ the collector to be correctly and fairly invoiced and put up; that, after said examination and appraisement, the duties on the goods . were duly ascertained and estimated by the- collector, and paid by the claimant; that -heywere then delivered to the claimant and were shipped'by'him -to his agents in Baltimore; and'that, whilst in possession of said agents, they were seized by the collector of the port of Baltimore, as alleged in the information.
To each of these three first pleas the United States demurred. generally, and the Court below being of opinion that they contained no matter of defence to the information, gave judgment in favour of the United States on the demurrers.
The remaining pleas were in succession applidable xespectively one to each 'of the counts of the information,. and were siinpi; traverses of the respective causes of forfeiture alleged-in them. Issue was joined on each of these pleas. These,.which were the only issues of fact tried, resuted in a general. veidict for the. United States; on wtich a judgment of condemnation was afterwards entered as above stated.
It appeared by the bill of exceptions, that-at the trial.the United States, to maintain the issues on their part, read in evidence'to the jury, four entries and, invoices, which, it was admitted, were original entries and invoices; and had contained the twenty-two pieces of cloth against which the information was filed; and it was admitted that the numbers now on said pieces aro the sare that they were when imported, and have not been-changed or altered; that the said four invoices were severally passed thoigh the custom-house of the port of New York, according to the forms prescribed by the acts'of Congress; and that, with one exception, the said twenty-two pieces were included in the ackages designatcd 13y the collector' of New York to be opened -andexamined. And it was further admitted and 'agreed that the duties onthe amount of each of said foIur invoices had been paid, accordin& to the prices therein stated; and that the goods therein mentioned had been delivered under regular permits to the claimant, who afterwards shipped the twenty-two pieces taken from several of the original packages included in said four invoices, to the con..
signment of Beadell and Company, at Baltimore, for sale, 44

SUPREME COURT.
[Wood v. The United States.]
It also appeared by the evidence on the part of the United States,.that the claimant had entered at the port of New York, in the years 1839 and 1840, twenty-nine importations, of which. those in questidn were a part, - Twenty-eight of these importations, including the four in question, Were entered b~y him, and upon his oath, as goods of which he was the actual owner, by having purchased them for exportation from the party by whom they were invoiced to h.m. Of these importations, the four which included the twenty-two pieces in questiob, were entered in 1839. Fifteen importations had been previously made, and ten were made after these four importations. All of the twenty-nine entries were accompanied by invoioes. From the aggregate gr'ss apparent cost of the goods in these invoices, some of which contained cloths alone, and others both cloths and cassimeres, there was'a deduction in every invoice of five per cent., in some cases described to be 'a discount for cash, in others for measurement, and in two without stating for what. It was in proof -by persons conversant with the British market, that, by the coarse of business in the places where the goods purported by the invoices to have been .boughti -no such discount or deduction was evet allowed on cassimeresi whether invoiced separately or included in the same invoice with cloths. It was also proved, by persons well acquainted with the same markets at the time of the alleged purchases, that the goods could not at that time have been fairly bought for less than prices which exceeded, by a large per centage, the prices mentioned in the invoices: and, with a view to show further, that the invoices were fictitious as to the prices, and that the discount was fictitious, it was proved that, in every one of his importations made after the seizure of the goods in question, the claimant acquiesced without app.eal or objection, in the acts of the assistant appraisers of the customs and their assistants, in disallowing a similar discount or deduction of five per cent., and in raisingthe amount of their appraisements considerably beyond the prices mentioned in the invoices.
Before the evidence was -givenon the part of the United States,, the counsel of the claimant objected to the admissibility in evidence of the invoices of the other goods imported by the claimants as above, before and after the importation of the goods in question, aln& of the oral testimony offered as above, in connection

JANTARY TERM, 1842.

$47

[Wood v.The United States.]

with them. "But 'the Court overruled the opjectlon, being of -opinion that the question in the cause was.a question of fraudulent intention- the inquiry being whether the invoices of the goods in controversy were made up with intent to evade the act of Congress, and defraud the revenue; an4 that the acts .of the claimant in passing other goods through the gustom-house are evidence."
This opinion f6rmed the subject, of the fitst exception ofthe
claimant, on which he now insisted in this Court. rhe second exception was to -the refusal of the Court- below to give to the jury the instructions requested,by the counsel of the claimant, and ado to the instructions given by the Court t, the jury.
Tb understand the character and extent of this exception, it is neeessary to introduce the prayers of both parties for instructions to the jury, with the answers of the Court. The United States, by their counsel) prayea the, Couit for its opinion'and direction to the jur :
1. That the issuea which the jury are sworn to try, inv6lve. no questions except upon the causes of forfeiture alleged and traversed; therefore, no question relating to the seizure of.the goods isn issueor in any respect material upon'the-pleadings

inthis case. 2. That if the jury find, from thd evidence in this cause, that
the invoices which contain 'tIe goods now in controversy, were niade up with.anrintent to evade~or defraud the revenue of the United States, the -UnitedStates are entitled, to condernmatiQn of the said goods; although the jury should also find from the evidence, that the said goods have .been passed through the customhouse, at N'ew York, by the collector thereof, or by the appraisers, or other officers of the customs, and the duties calculated thereon .been paid, or secured to be paid, and the said goods delivered by the-said collector to the importer.
3. That there has been shown, on the part of the United States, probable cause for the prosecution, under the third, si kth, seventa. eighth; and hinth counts of the information; and, therefore, under the seventy-first secti'on o tne act of 2d Marsh; 1799, the burden ,of proof lies,upon Thomas Wood, Jr., the claimai-; and it is incumbent on him to prove to the jury-that the charges in: the said Iivo counts of the information are untrue, that is, to, prove,ihat

348

SUPREME COURT.

[WoDo v.The United Stateg.)

the goods .in question were invoiced according to their actual cost
at the place of exportation, and that the invoices and packages were not made up with intent to evade or defraud the revenue.
4. The burdsn of proof being upon the claimant, to prove that the invoices were not made up with intent to defraud the.rev'enue, that it is not sufficient f6r him to rely upon the invoices merely; as proving their truth and fairness.
5. The burden of proof being upon the claimant, it is incum'bent on him to prove to the jury the actual cost of the goods in, question, afld that" he does not relieve himself of this burden, of proof by evidence of the mere value of said goods, except so far as such value may tend to show actual cost.
And the claimant, by. his counsel, prayed the Court to give the following.instiuctions to the jury:-
1. That under a true construction of the seventy-first section
of the'act of Congress of the -2d of March, 1799, it is incumbent on the United States to show, by evidence, a seizure in pursuance of said act, or of other acts, if any, regulating seizures, and that in' the bbsehce of such evidence, the onus probandi cannot be thrown upon the claimant by proof of probable cause; proof of probable cause of such seizure being made by said section a prerequisite which muss be complied with.
'2. That upon the evidence offered by the United States in this cause, the onus probandi does not lie upon the plaintiff.under the provisions of the. seventy-first section of the act of 1799, because no probable cause has been shown to the Court for the prosecution in this case.
3. If the jury find from the evidence that the gobds mentioned
in the third count of the information were entered in the office of the colletor of the collection district of New York, in the southern district of New York, and rere unladen and delivered from the vessels in which they were i~nported, under permits granted by said collector, who caused, the said goods, wares and merchandise to-be examined, and -that after such examiation, the duties on the same were ascertained and estimated by said, collector, and paid by the said claimant, and the said goods were, by the afithority of the collector delivered to the said claimant; and if the jury further believe that the claimant caused the original packages in which -aid goods were imported 'to be broken up, and ahipped

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

349.

[Wood v.The United State .

said.goods, forming a part of said packages, to his agents in Baltimore for sale, and that said goods were seized'after their actual arrial in Baltimore, and not before; that the United States are not entitled t6 recover under the third count of the information.
4. That the United States are not entitled to recover under the said third count nf the information, because the 'si -sixth section of the act of Codgress, passed on the 2d of March; 1799,, entitled "fAn act to regulate the collection of duties, on imports and tonnage," was not in force when the gqods mebtioned in said third count were imported.
5. That if the jury.believe, from the evidence, that the collector
of the port of New York caused t least one package out of every invoice, and onepackage at least out of every twenty packages of each inyoice containing the odds mentioned in the'sixth and: seventh counts of the information, tobe'opened and eiamined; and that said packages were befor.cb teexhaminatiodi designated'on the several invoices in which they werer~spectively included; and that, said- collector did not deem it necessgry that 'a gieater number of package's than those so designated should be opened and examined. And if the jury further find that upon such opening and exa-
ination, the gdods were, in the judgment of the examining officer, found to correspond with said invoices, and not to be falsely charged in said invoices; and that after the said examination, the duties on said goods were ascertained and estimated by said collector, and. paid- by the claimant, and said, goods were delivered. to the claimant; who -afterwards sent them, to his agents in Baltimore for sale; and that the seizure onwhich'said information is founded,.Nyas made after kaid goods had arrived in Baltimore; that then the United tates -dre not entitled to -recover under the said sixth count, so far as the same charges the invoices to have been found to -be 'made up .with intent, by a falselvaluaion or extension, to evade or defraud the revenue.*of the Uniied States;
not under the said 'seveDth count. 6. That there is no evidence in the cause from which the juiy.
can find that the packages iriwhich the goods mentioned in the sixth and eighth counts of the information were imported into New York, we're found upon"examination itt the disirictof Miryland, tolbe made uip with intent'A evade anA defraudthe reveniie of the United States,,and that therefore'the Uniteid States are not
VoL. XVI.-2 G

350

-StUPREME COURT.

[wod v.The United Btsitf]

entitled to recover under said eighth count, nor under said seventh count, so far as the same charges the packages to be made up with such fraudulent intent.
.7. That the United States are not entitled to recover upon either of the said sixth, seventh and eighth counts of said information, because the Iourth section of the act of Congress, passed on the 28th of May,:1830, entitled "An act for the more effectual collection of the import duties,, was not in force when the goods mentioned in said sixth,' seventh, and eighth counts were imported.
8. That there is no evidence in the cause -from which the jury can find that the packages or either of them in which the, goods mentioned in the' ninth count of the information were imported, were opened and examined at-the district of Maryland on the
day mentioned in'said count, or at an] other time, and were found to be made up with intent to evad6 or defraud therevenue; and that therefore the United States are not entitled to recover upon said ninth count..
But the' Court refused-to give the instructions prayed for, 'both
.by the United States and the claimantand rejected the same, aud each and every of them; but gave the'following instructions and directions to. the jury.
I. That the issues formed, and which the jury are sworn to
try, involve no question except upon the causes of forfeiture alleged in the information and traversed; and therefore no question relating to the mere seizure of the gdods is in issue or mate-
rial under the pleadings in thig.cause. 2. If the jury shall find from the evidence'irt the cause, that the
invoices of the goods in question were made-up with intent, by a false valuaiQn, to evade or defraud the revenue, the plaintiffs" are eidtled to recover; although the jury should also fihd from the evidence, that the said goods have been passed through the 'custo'mahouse atNew York, by the collector thereofS and the duties dAlculated by him onr-said invoices shall have been paid or secured t6,be paid, and the saia goods delivered lby said collector to the importer.
3. That there has been shown on the part of the'United States, probable cause for the present prosecution under the third colitS,
and the sixth,'seventh, eighth, anTiinth counts in the-infbrmation,

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

. 351

[Woowtv. The United Stat .]
and that the burden of proof lies, under the seventy-first section ofthe act of the 2d of March, 1799, upon Thomas Wood, Jr., the claimant; and that it is incumbent upon him to prove to the jury -that the charges in the said five counts.aye, untrue; that is, to prove that the goods in question were invoiced according to their actual cost at the port -of exportation, and that the invoices and packages were not niade up with intent to evade or defraud the revenue.
4. That the burden of proof being upon the said Thomas Wood, Jr., under the seventy-first section of the act of 1799, and the fifteenth section of the act of the 14th of July, 1&32, it is- incumbent upon him to prdve to the jury the actual cost of the twenity-two pieces of cloth- in the invoices and entries stated to have been purchased'by him; and that the value of the goods at the times or dates of the seizure, or of any other subsequent times are not material, except so far as they may assist or tend to enable the jury to ascertain the prices at the respective periods ofpurchase or shipmient.
5. That the burden of' proof being upon the claimant to prove that the invoices were not made up with intent to defraud the revenue, it is not sufficient f6r him to rely upon the invoices themselvep merely as proving their own truth aid fairness.

The case was submitted to the Court by Mr. Meredith and Mr. Crittenden, for the plainitiff in error, and Mr. Legar6, the attorney-general, and Mr. Cadwalader, for the United States; the counsel for the parties furnished printed arguments-to the Court.

The counsel of the plaintiff in error contended upon the-demurrers to the first three pleas:
1. That there is no right of seizure after goods have been passed through the-custom-hqse, according to all the requisitions of the revenue laws-they have been examined, inspected, and appraised-the duties ascertained and paid, and the goods-themselves delivered to the owner Qr importer, or his agent; and that they can never afterwards be pursuied as forfeited for any alleged or pretended fraud or imposition upon the custom-house: that the right in such cases t& claim and seize as a forfeiture, was limited to the transitof the goods throigh the custom-house, and

352

SUPREME COURT.

,[Wood v. The United Stat.

while they were under the hands of its offiders, for' their inspection, 'examination,,and appraisement.
To pursue and seize them afterwards, when -they have been introduced into,the cdmmunity and int6 the market, with all the authentic sanctions of the bustom-house, is a very different thing. If Congress had intended such a course, it would have declared itself explicitly, and prescribed, if not some restraint, -at'least some form and modefor the exercise of 'a'power so tremendous and fearful. And as there is no such legislation in any of the acts of Congiess, it cannot be held that g6ods thus situated are liable to seizure or forfeiture.
2. That, evenif there be a right of seizure under such circumstances, the seizure actually made must be a good subsisting seizure when ihe information is filed.
3. That the eizure made in this case was defective and iregular
On, the first exception, the plaintiff in error contended that the
evidence offered by the United States of importations made' bythe claimant, subsequent to the importations charged by the information to have been fraudulent, was inadmissible.
On the. second'exceptiod the plaintiff in error contended: 1. That,"assniming upon the evidence that the goods were entered,at the New York custom-house, and were unladen and ddlivered'under permits granted by, the collector, who caused them to be examinbd, and' upon such examination ascertained and received the dntie6, and delivered the goods to the dtaimant, who afterwards broke up theoriginal packages, of which said goods formed a part, and shipped them, to Baltimore, for sale,. where they were -seized. The jry ought to have been instructed, that if-they believed such'evidenc,'ta find a verdict for the claimant on the third count ot,the information; and that the Court erred.ixi" refusing to gire such instruction. 2. That-the third count of Ithe informiation cannot-be supported, because the sixty-sixth sectlin. of the duty act 4f March, 1799, is repealed, and that the.Coiirt ought so to have instructed the jury. 3. That, assunihg 'upon the evidence that the collector of New York caused at least one- package -out of every invoice, and one package at least out of every twenty packages of each invoice of goods mentioned in the sixthand seventh counts of the infor-

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

353

[Wood v.The United State&)
mation to be opened and examined, and that said packages were,before .uch examination, designated by the collector on. the several invoices.in which they were respectivnlyincltdea; that, updn suqlh' opening and examination, the goods were found to correspond with the invoices, and not to be falsely charged; -that. after said examination the duties were ascertained- and paid, -and the goods delivered to the'claimant, who sent them to his agents at Baltimore for sale, where thp seizure was made; that the jury ought to. have. been instructed, provided they believed 'said.evideurce, that the United States were not entitled to recover 'under the sixth count, so far as the same charges the invqices to haye been foubd to be made up with intent,.by a false valuation or extension, to evade or defraud the revenue,;, nor under the seventh count; and that the Court erred in refusing so to instfuct the jury.
4. That there was no evidence to support the, eighth count in the information, nor the sixth.count, so. far as th6 same charges the packages to have been made up, with a fraudulent intent.
5. That the fourth sectipn of the'act of Congress of the 28th. May, 18so, is repealed, and conseqfiently'the sixth, sevxenth, and eighth counts in the information cannot be: supported; aifd that the Court ought to have so instructed the jury.
6. That there was no evidende in the cause to support the ninth count' of the information, 'and that the Oourt erred-in ;not so instructing the jury.

- For the United States, the. attorney-general aId"-Mr.Cadwa-

fader contended, that the leading idea of all the arguments on

the other side, that the United States are cotzcluded by the pasAing

of the goods through the custom-house, after an appraisement,

and on payment of duties according to that appraisement; in all

cases whatsoever, and even of admitted fraud; that the idea

was that the United States had.adopted a sort of Spartan system

of permitting fraud, so it be cleverly enough executed to ekcape

detection at the custom-house, no matter how cleai'ly it may be

e~xposed afterwards.

But there .wa6, happily, no plausibility in the argumrnent, that

because there are collectors, appraisers, and inspectors, perpetu-

ally on the whtch to detect any violation -of the *revenue-]aw,

therefore -yo other detection of it can be of anj avail;" that. be-

2 G2

45

s54

SUPREIME COURT.

tWood v. The United Stite.]
cause so many statutes have been passed with a view, in the ordinary course of things, to insure the payment of the public
dues, therefore a fraud, which at common law; and in all law, taints and vitiatesand nullifies every civil proceeding, is permitted, because it has been perpetrated by some extraordinary contrivance, and in.spite of those statutes.
,As to the information, it was argued that the five counts up-n
-whichthe judgment .of forfeiture was entered were all good and suffi'ent. But, if this were otherwise, the judgment world be affirmed, if any one. count of the information were valid. The proceeding is, in rem, for the enforcement of a forfeiture, and if one cause of forfeiture is effectual, many cannot be more effectual for the purpose. A condemnation upon one cause of forfeiture is 'an adjudication that the property is in the United States and is the consummation and -merger of the entire prosecution. Under cumulative -orfeitures, however numerous, more cannot be done than under a single-'forfeiture,'to ascertain that the claimant's original property is -divested and is become the property of the United States. In Locke v. The United States, 7 Cranch, 344, the condemnation was sustained upon one of many counits, without inquiry as to the 'sufficiency of the others, to which objections had been made.
The rest of the argument on behalf of the United States, em-
braced the following heads: 1. The*sixty-sixth section of the act of 1799 is in force, and is
the only act in, f6rce under which individual pieces of goods, falsely invoiced, are made liable to forfeiture, without reference to the manner of making up the entire invoice or package containing them; and is, also, the only act under which the United States can proceed in a personal action, torecover the value of the things forfeited, or such portion of them as cannot be found and seized.
11. The fourth section of the act of 1830 is in force for two purposes, notwithstanding the repealing clause of the fourteenth section of the act of 1832.
1. Where an invoice is made up with intent to defraud the revenue, not merely the pieces falsely invoiced, but the whole invoice is forfeited.
2. Where a package, mentioned in the invoice, is made up

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

355,

[W9od'P. The United State.].

with an evasive or fraudulent intent, in respect to the invoice, the whole packager isforfeited.
IL Under these acts, the enforcement of the, forfeiture is not dependent, upon the manner in which the goods may happen to have been seized, or the reasons for-the seizure which may happen to have been known, or to bave been assigned at ihe time of making it. The filing of an information by the United States is an adoption by theri of the seizure, and refers the prosecution not to the seizure, but to the antecedent causes of forfeiture alleged in the information. ]fattes that involve the regularity or, method of the seizure cannot be put in issue,' even under a plea in abate-* ment, which would be the. only appropriate method of raising the questions'; much less can they be pleaded in bar, or together with plets in bar.
IV. The power of the 'United States to enforce a forfeiture incurred under these acts, is not. dependent upon the acts or omissions of the appraisers and othet officers, of the customs, who are required to ascertain or liquidate and- receive the
pecuniary amount of duties for which the omporter and goods are liable.
The two subjects of forfeiture and pecuniar liability for duties
are, generally speaking, subjects of distinct independent statutory
provisions; and different parts of the statutes are to be considered distribuivcly, with reference to each respectively.
When a forfeiture has been incurred by reason of a fraud, not even the Secretary of the Treasury and collector of the customs are authorized to remit or mitigate it, much less the
appraisers and other subordinate officers of the collection of the
revenue. V. The seventy-first sectioh of the act of 1799 having enacted
that, in informations wheie any sdizure shall be made purquant
to that act, the burden of proof shall lie upon the claimant where
probable cause'for the prosecution has been-shown to the Court, the probable cause for the prosecution required to be shown, is
referrable to evidence pertinent to the issues upon causes of forfeiture set forth in the information, and not merely to the original
grounds of seizure by officers of the revenue before -information
filed, as contended for on behalf of-the plaintiff in error.

356

SUPREME COURT.

[Woqody. The United State&]

VI. Probable cause for the prosecution wasshown on-the part
of the United States-. 1. By proof of the gross disproportion, of the cost staLed in the
invoices and the actual market price of the period of the pretended purchases.
,2. By proof of the insertion as to both cloths and cassimeres, of'a pretended discount or allowan e for measure, which, if not fictitious as to both cloths and cassimeres, must have been so as to cassimeres.
3. By the evidence of which the admissibility is involved in the next point; and under the bill of exceptions to testimony.
VII. As d part of the necessary circumstantial evidence admitted in all cases- of fraud, it was competent to prove that all the importations of this claiMant, including those before, as well as those since the importations in questioni were attended with the same circumstances of a pretended discount or deduction for ineasure, and-that on.all of those which have been entered since the.commencem'ent of the 'present proceedings, he has acquiesced without appeal or objection in a liquidation of the duties on the footing of disallowing this deduction, and of a still further addition, by the appraisements,, to the cost of prices stated- in'the invoices.
This evidence was competent for several reasons: 1. A comparison of the invoices with those in question, shows that the goods are all, or nearly all, from the same parties who made out the invoices of the goods in question, and the packages 'are marked so as to idicatethat they are part of a connected series of importations. 2. To prove the fictitjous character of the series of importations
of which these were a part. 3. 'To disprove the possibility of their having been a.casual or
fortuitous discount or allowance in the particular case in question, and to indicate the intent of the parties on both sides of the water, to make out the invoices fictitiously and evasively in respect to the revenue
4. To prove a systematic combination for this purpose, between
the foreign exporter or party making out the invoices,'and the
importer who entered the goods upon them.

JANUARY -TERM, 1942.

957

[Wood t. The Unitea Statea] .5. To disprove the reality of. the discount by the acquiescence of the plaintiff in error in its rejection in subsequeit cases.

Mr. Justice SToR-delivered the opinion of the Court. This is a writ of error from the judgment of the Circuit Court of the district of Maryland, affirming, pro formg, a jhidgment of the District Court of the same district.. The original suit was a libel of-information, in rem, upon a seizure, upon land, in the said district, of twenty pieces of cloths imported into the United States, and alleged to be forfeited. The libel contained a number of counts; but thdt alone which is necessary to be here stated, is the count founded upon the sixty-sixth section of the revenue collection act of 1799, chapter 128, which
declares, " That if any good, wares, or merchandise, of which entry shall have been made in the office of a' collector; shall not be invoiced according to the actual cost thereof 'at the place of exportation, with design to evade the diuties thereupon, or any part thereof, all such goodswares, and merchandlse, or the value thereof, to be recovered of the person making the entry, shall be forfeited." The count stated that the goods in controversy were not invoiced according to the actual cost thereof at ths place of exportation, with design to evade the duties. Various pleas were put in, to some of which. there were demurrers,. and upon others issue was joined, upon which a trial-wa, had by a jury. The jury found a verdict for the United States. 'The claimant (as well as the United States) prayed certain instructions to the jury which were refued,and the Court gave certain instructions to which the claimant excepted; and the cause came before the Circuit Court upon the bill of exceptions, filed by the claimant, as well to the refusal as to the instructions of the Court.. At the trial it appeared that the goods in question had been originally imported into the port of New York, and were there duly entered and landed, and the duties paid lipon, the invoices produced by the claimant at the custom-house. They were afterwards .transmitted to Baltimore, and there seized' in the stores of certain persons having the custody thereof for the claimant, under a search. warrant of 9 magistrate, procured for that purpose. The validity of the original seizure is contested in some of the pleadings: and

358.

SUPREME COURT.

[Wood v. The United Stat]

this seems to'have been insisted upon -before- the jury as one of the grounds of defence.
-Atthe trial, to establish the fraud in the invoices, beside other exdence, the. counsel for the United States offered in evidence sundry other invoices of cloths and cassimeres, twenty-nine in number imported into the port of New York by the complainant, or consigned to him, for the purpose, of showing, the fraudulent intention of tb4e claimant in those importations, as well as in the present. An objection was taken to the admissibility of this evi-
dence, which was overruled by the Court; and the evidence was admitted: and this constitutes one of the exceptions in the cause.
The District Jiidg , after the -whole evidence was gone through, gave the following instructions to the jury, which involve the whole merits of the controversy:
1. That the issues formed, and which the jury are sworn to try, involve no questioi except upon the causes of forfeiture alleged in the information and traversed, and therefore no question relating to the mere 'seizuire of the goods is in issue or material uder the pleadings in this cause.
2. If the jury shall find from the evidence in the cause, that the invoices of the goods in question were made up with intent, by a false valuation to evade or defraud the revenue, the plaintiffs are entitled to recover, although the jury should also find from the evidence that.the said'goods have been passed through the custom-house at New York, by the collector thereof, and the duties calculated by him on said invoices shalhave been paid or secured to be paid, and the said goods delivered by said collector to the importer.
2. That there has been shown on the part of the United States, probable cause for the present prosecution under the third count, and the sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth counts in the information, and that the buidIn of proof lies under the seventy-first section of the act of the 2d of March, 1799, upon Thomas Wood, Jr., the claimant, and that it is incumbent upon him to prove to the jury that the charges in the said five counts are untrue; that is, to prove that the goods in question were invoiced according to their actual cost at the port of exportation, and that the invoices and packages were not made up with intent to evade or defraud the revenue.

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

359

(Wood v.The United States.]

4. That the burden of proof being upon the said Thomas Wood, Jr., under the seventy-first section of the act of 1199, and the fifteenth section-of the act of the 14th of July, 1832, it is incumbent upon him to prove to the jury the actual cost of the twenty-two pieces of cloth in the invoices and.entries stated to have been purchased by him, and that the value of the goods at the times or dates of the seizure or of any other subsequent times are not material, except so far as they may assist or tend to enable the jury to ascertain the prices at the respective periods of purchase or shipment.
5. That the burden of proof being upon the claimant to prove that the invoices were not made up with intent to defraud the revenue, it is not sufficient for -him to rely upon the invoices themselves merely as proving their own trthand fairness.
In respect to the point made at the bar, as to the validity of the, original seizure, or of the causes thereof, we are of opinion that the first instruction of the District Judge Fas entirely correct. It is of no consequence, whatsoeve, what were the original grounds of the seizure, whether they were well founded or not, if in point of fact the goods are by law subjected to forfeiture; for the United States are not bound down by the acts of the seizors to the causes which influenced them in making the 'seizure, nor by any irregularity on their part in conducting it, if in point of fact the seizure can now be maintained as founded upon an actual forfeiture thereof at the time of the seizure; and therefore it was rightly held by the judge, that no question arose upon the issues which the jury were to try, except upon the causes of forfeiture
alleged in the information. The remarks just made constitute an answer to -the argument
upon the demurrers to the two first pleas of the claimant; for, as has been already suggested, if a seizure, has been actually made, and is a continuing seizure; it is no bar -to proceedings thereon that the cause of forfeiture relied on is not the same upon which the seizure was originally made. It is sufficient' for the United States that it adopts the seizure and now proceeds foi a good cause df forfeiture, although utterly unknown to the original seizors.
Passing from this, the next point presented for consideration. is, whether there was an error in the admission of the evidence of

360

- SUPREME COURT.

[Wood v.Th "U'e Stes,]

-fraud deducible from the other invoices offered in the case. - We a~eof opinion that there was none. The question was one of fraudulent intent or not; and upon questions of that sort, where the intent of the part is matter in issue, it has always been ,deemed: allowable, as well in criminal as 'in civil ease , to in;roduce evidence of other acts and doings of the paty'of a kindred character, in order to illustrate or establish his intent, or motive in' the particular act, directly in judgment. 'Indeed, in no other. way would it be praticable, ki many cases, to establish such intent or motive; for the single act taken by itself may not be decisive either -way; but when taken in connection with others of the like character and hature, the intent and motive maybe demonstrated almost'with a conclusivecertainty. The treatise on evidence byMr. Phillipps and Mr. Starkie contain many illustrations to this - effect., See Starkie'on Evidence, vol. 1, p. 64, vol. 2, p. 220,221, second London edit., 1833; Phillipps on Evidence, by Cowen, vol. 1, ch. 7, s; 7, p. 179,180, vol. 2. p; 452, note 333, p. 465, note 352,"edit. 1839.
They constitute exceptions to the general rule, excluding -evidence not dirbctly cbmprehended within the issue; or rather, perhaps, it may with more certainty be said, the exception is necessarily imbodied in the very-substance of the rule: for whatever
does legally conduce to establish the points in issue is necessarily embraced in it, and therefore a proper subject of-proof; whether it be' direct, or 6uly presumptive. This doctrine was held in a most solemn manner in the -case of the lKing v.Wylee, 4 Bos. and Pull. 92, where upon an indictment for 'disposing and putting aw ay a forged bank note, knowing it to be forged, evidence was admitted of other forged notes having been uttered by the ptisoner, in order to prove his knowledge of'the forgery. The same doctrine has been held in cases of the uttering of bad money and spurious notes; and also in eases of conspiracy. The same doctrine was affirmed and acted upon by this Court in the case of the Unit4d States v. Wood, 14 Peters' Rep. 43), in the case of a
prosecutron for perjury. Cases of fraud present a still more stringent necessity for the
application of the same principle; for fraud being essentially a
matter of motive and intention, is often deducible only from a great variety of circumstances, no one of which is absolutely

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

361

[Wooa v. The United States.)

decisive; but.4l1 combined, together. may become almost irresist-

ible as to the true nature and character ok the. transaction in

controversy. The case of Irving v.Motley, 7 Bing. Rep. 5,43,

turnee upon this vbry point. There theaction was trover to

recoverbacli goods which had been purchased by an agent for

his principal by means of a fraud. In order to establish the

plaintiff's case, it became necessary to show that other purchases

had been made by the same agent for the same priicipail under

circumstances strongly presumptive of a like, fraud:; no douibt was dntertained by the Court of the admissibility ofthe evidence;

and the main point urged at the, bar was that the agent should

himself have been called to establish- the purchses, but. this

objection was overruled, and the jury, haying found a verdiet for

the plaintiff, the Court gave judgment in his fafour..

Indeed, it is admitted by.the counsel for- the plaintiff in 'error

in the cdse before us, that it is a general .principle of law that

whenever a fraudulent intention is to. be established, collateral

facts tending to sho*w such intention are admissible proof3 but

the objections taken are, first, that when the proof'was offered

no suitable fonimdation had been laid for its .admission, and that

the cause was launched with this proof; and secondly, that the

proof related to importations after, as well as before ihe*particular

importation in question. We do not think either of these objec-

tions maintainable. The fraud being to be madd out intevidence,

the order in which the proof should be brought to establish it,

was rather a matter in the discretion of the Court, than of strict

right in the parties. It is impossible to lay-down any universal

rule upon such a subject. Much must depend upon the posturP

and circumstances of the particular case; and dt all events, if the'

proof be pertinent and competent, the admission of it cannot be

matter of error. The other objection has as little foundation:

for fraud in the first impprtation may be as fairly deducible from other subsequent firudulent importations by. the same party, as

fraud would be in the last importation tom prior fraudulent, im;.

portations. In each'case the quo animo is in question, and: the

presumption of fraudulent intention may equalI 'arise aid equally

prevail.

The second instruction of the Court is, in effect, that if the

invoices of the goods now in question were fraudulently made,

VOL. XVI.-2 H

46

SUPREME COURT.
[Wood v. The Unitel States.1
by a false valuation to evade or defraud the revenile, the fact that they had been entered and the duties paid or secured at the custom-houst at New York, upon those invoices, was no bar to the present information. This. instruction was certainly c6rxect, if the sixty-sixth section of the revenue collection act of 1799. ch. 128, now remains in full force and unrepealed: for it can never be permitted that a party who perpetrates a fraud upon the custom-house, and thereby enters ins goods upon false invoices and false valuations, and gets a regular delivery thereof upon the mere payment of such duties as such false invoices and false valuations require, can avail himself of that very fraud to defeat' the purposes of justice. It is but at aggravation of his guilt that he has practised imposition upon the public officers, as well as perpetrated such a deliberate fraud. The language of the sixty-sixth section completely covers such a case. It supposes an entry at the custom-house upon false invoices with intent to evade the payment of the proper duties, and the forfeiture attaches immediately upon such an entry upon such invoices with such intent. The success of the fraud in evading the vigilance of the public officers, so that it is not discovered until after the goods have passed from their custody, does not purge away the forfeiture; although it may render the detection of the offence more difficult and more uncertain. The whole argument turns upon this, that if the custom-house officers have not pursued the steps authorized by law to be pursued by them, by directing an appraisement of the goods in cases where they have a suspicion of illegality, or fraud, or no invoices are produced, but their suspicions are lulled to rest; the goods are untainted by the forfeiture the moment they pass from the custom-house. We cannot admit that such an interpretation of the objects or language of the sixtysixth section is either sound or satisfactory. The same reasoning governs the ruling of the Court, upon the demurrer to the third plea.
The question then arises whether the sixty-sixth section of the act of 1799, ch. 128, hls been repealed, or whether it remains in full force. That it has not been expressly or by direct terms repealed is admitted; and the question resolves itself into the more narrow inquiry, whether it has been repealed by necessary implication. We say by necessary implication, for it is not suffi-

JANUARY TE4RM, 1842.

363

[Wood v. The United States.]

cient to establish that subsequent laws cover some or even all ot the cases provided for by it; for they may be merely affirmative, or cumulative, or auxiliary. But there must be a positive repug-' riancyr between the provisions of the new laws, -;nd those of the old; and even then the old law is repealed. by implication only pro tanto, to the extent of the repugnancy. And it may be added, that in the interpretation of- all laws for the collection of revenue, whose provisions are often very complicated and
numerous to guard against frauds by importers, It would be a strong ground to assert that.the main provisions of any such laws sedulously introduced to meet the case of a palpable fraud, should be deemqd repealed, merely because. in subsequent laws other powers and authorities are given to the custom-house officers, and other modes of proceeding are :llaw ed to be had by them before. the goods have passed from .their custody, in order to ascertain whether there has' been any fra-Ld attempted upon the government. The more natural, if hot' the necessary inference in all such cases is, that the legislature intend the new laws to be auxiliary tQ and in aij of the purposes of the old law; even when some of the cases provided for ma7 equally be within the reach of each. There certainly, under such circumstances, ought to be a manifest and total repugnancy in the provisions to lead to the conclusion -that the latter laws abrogated, and.were designed
to abrogate the former. Down to the. act of the 28th of-May, 1830, ch. 147, it does not
appear to us that any act of Congress whatsoever has been cited at the argument which can, upon a reasonable construction, be deemed to repeal the sixty-sixth section of the act of 1799. The act of 1830, in the fourth section, provides that the collectors of the customs shall cause at least one package out of every invoice, and one package at least out of every twenty packages of each invoice, and a greater number, should he deem it- necessary, of goods inported, to be opened and examined; "and if the same be not found to correspond with the invoice, or to be falsely charged in such invoice, the collector shall order, forthwith, all the goods contained in the same entry to be inspected;, afid if such goods be subject to an ad valorem duty, the same shall be appraised; and if any package shall be found to c6ntain any article not described in the invoice, or if such package or invoice be made up

364

SUPREME COURT.

[Woq4v. The United States.]

with intent, by a false valuation or extension, or otherwise, to evade
or defraud the revenue, the same shall be forfeited." The section then proceeds to repeal the thirteenth section of the act of the 1st of March, 1823, dh. -149; without saying one word as to any repeal of any section of the act of 1799, ch. 128. Now, if here the rule be properly applicable, that "Expressio unius est exclusio alterius," the presumption of any repeal by implication of the sixty-sixth section of the act of 1799, would seem to be completely repelled.
Besides, the fourth section of the act of 1830, is not pointed at the same.class of cases as the sixty-sixth section of the act of 1799. It obviously and naturally, -in its whole provisions, applies solely to cases where the packages have been opened and examined by order of the collector, and upon such examination if any article is found not contained in the invoice, or the package or invoice is found to.be made up with an, intent by a false valuation, or extension, or otherwise, to evade or defraud the revenue, and then the same are declared to be forfeited. It would be a strong doctrine to affirm that where no such examination or detection had taken place at the custom-house, but the same had passed from the public custody unopened, the forfeiture under this provision did apply, or was designed to apply. The fourteenth section of the act of the 14th of July, 1832, ch. 224, has in some measure qualified and mitigated the effect of the fourth section of the act of 1SSo; by providing, that whenever upon opening and examination of any package or packages of imported goods; composed wholly or in part of wool or cotton, (under which predicament the present goods fall) the goods shall be found not to correspond with the entry thereof at the custom-house, and if any package shall be found to contain any article not entered, such article shall be forfeited; or if the packages shall be made up with intent to
evade or defraud the revenue, the package shall be forfeited; and so much of the fourth section of the act of 1830, as prescribes a forfeiture of goods foundi not to correspond with the invoice thereof, is thereby expressly repealed.
In truth, however, there is not the slightest repugnancy
between these sections of the act'of 1830 and 1&32, and the sixtysixth section of the act of 1799. The former apply only to cases where there has been an opening and examination of the packages irported, before they have passbd from the custody of the

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

365

[Wood v. The United States.]

custom-house; and in the course of such examination, the fraud-

ulent intent in the making up of the package or invoice has been

detected; and, thereupon, it declares the same to be forfeited.

Now, tme six.ty-sixth, section of the- act of 1799, may cover the

same cases, but the forfeiture is the same; and, therefore, the

provisions in such a case may well be deemed merely cumulative,

and auxiliary to each other. But the sixty-sixth section isnot

confined to such cases; on the contrary, it covers all cases where

the goods have been entered, and have passed from the custom-

house without any examination or detection of the false invoice;s:

it is, therefore, much more broad in its reach.. To enforce a forfeiture under the sections of the acts of 1830 and 1832, it would

be necessary to allege, in th information or libel, all the special

circumstances of the examination and detection'-of the fraud,

under the authority of the collector; -forthey constitute a part of

the res gesta, to which the forfeiture is attached. But under

the-sixty-sixth section no such allegations would be necessary or

proper, as the forfeiture immediately attaches to every entry of

goods falsely and fraudulently invoiced; without any ieference.

whatever to the mode, or the circumstances under, or by which,

it is ascertained.

Besides, thp sixty-sixth section not only provides for a for-

feiture of the goods, but in the alternative, for a forfeiture of the

value theregf, to be recovered of the person'making the false

entry. 'No such provision exists in the acts of 1830 or 1832. It

is impossible, therefore, successfully to contend that the sixty-sixth

section is repealed in toto, since,no subsequent act covers all tha

casgs provided fot by it. It is, indeed, not a little singular-that

the

argument

that it is repealea

by

implication

must

found

; -

'self

-

upon the veiy ground that the present case is not covered by the

other acts. It must in effect assert, that the repeal otight to be

implied in all cases where the goods have passed from the ctis-

tomn-house without detection'of the fraud, simply because if they

had been examined, and the fraud detected there, they might, in

that case, and in that ease only, have been'subjected to forfeiture,

which would at Maost only establisli a-repeal pro' tanto.. In our

opinion, there is no just foundation for the argument, under any

aspect. - The provision in the six-tysixth section, is. intefided to

suppress frauds upon the revenue. The other acts are designed

2H 2

366

SUPREME *COURT-

[Wood v. The United States.]
to be au tiliary to the same important purpose-there is no repugancy between the provisions; and to construe the latter as repeal-ing the former, would be to construe provisions to aid, in the detection of fraud, in such a manner as to'promote fraud, by cutting down provisions of a far more general and important character, and essential to the security of the revenue. It seems to us that no Court of justice is at liberty to adopt such a mode of interpretation of the revenue laws, unless driven to it, by a stem and irresistible'necessity. This reasoning might be expanded by a more minute comparison of the -variousacts of Congress with each other, and of the partiqular langtLge used in each with reference to this subject. But, in our judgment, it is wholly unnecessary, because, after all, the whole question must rest upon the broad grounds already stated. We think the second instruction given by the District "udges entirely correct. The three remaining instructions turn upon the point whether, under the circumstances, the onus probandi as to the facts stated in those instructions was upon the claimant. Upon this we do not entertain the slightest doubt. The seventy-first section of the act of 1799, declares .that, "in actions, suits, or informations to be brought; where any seizure shall be ma4e pursuant to this act; if the property be claimed by any person, in every such case, the onus probandi shall lie upon such claimant;" and it is afterwards added, "but the onus probandi shall lie on the claimant only where probable cause is shown for the prosecution, to be judged of by the -Court before whom the prosecu-
tion is had," Probable cause must, in 1this connection, mean reasonable
ground of presumption that the charge is, or may be, well founded; and we think, in this case, that there was abundance of proof not only to justify such a reasonable presumption, but to give it solid weight; and, in the absence of all countervailing evidence, which was completely within the reach of the claimant if the invoices were bong fide, to give it a force difficult to be resisted. Upon the whole, our opinion is, that tjhere is no error in the judgment of the Circuit Court, affirming the judgment of the District Court, and therefore it will be affirmed by this Court.

E!DWARD PRiGG, PLAINTIFF IN EliuRo, v. THE. COMMONWEALTH
OF, PENNSYLVANIA, DEFENDANT IN ERROR.
A writ of error to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, brought under .the twentyfifth section of the judiciary act of 1789, to revise the judgment of that Court, on a case involving the construction ofthe Constituton and laws of the United States.
Edward Prigg, a citizen of the state of Maryland, was indicted, for kidnapping,'in the Court of Oyer and Terminer of York coupty, Pennsylvania, for. having forcibly' taken and carried away, from that county, to the state of Maryland,'a negro woman, named Margaret Morgan, with the design and intention of her being held, sold, and disposed of as a slave for life, contrary to a statute of Pennsylvania, passed on th6 twenty-sixth day of March, 1826. Edwvgrd Prigg pleaded not guilty, and the jury found a special verdict, on which judgment was rendered for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The case was removed to the Supreme Court of the state, and the judgment of the Court of Oyer and Tbrminer was, pro forna, affirmed: and the case was carried to the Supreme Court of the United States; the constitutionality, of.the law, under which the indictment was found, being denied by the counsel of the state of Maryland; which state had undertaken the defence for Edward: Prigg, and prosecuted the writ of error. The cause was brought to the Supreme Court, with the sanction of both the states of Maryland and Pennsylvania, with-a view to have the questions in the case settled. Margaret Morgan was the slave for life, under the laws of Maryland, of Maigaret Ashmore, a citizen of that -state. In 1832 she escaped and fled from the state, into -Pennsylvania. Edward Prigg, having been duly appointed the agent and attorney of Margaret Ashmore, and having obtained a wanant from a justice of the peace of York county caused Margaret Morgan to be taken, as a fugitive from labour, by aconstable of the state -of Pennsylvania, before the magistrate, who refused to take cognisance of the ease: and thereupon Edward Prigg carried her and her children into Maryland, and delivered them to Margaret Ashmore. The children were born in Pennsylvania; one of them, more than a year after Margaret Morgan had fled and escaped-from Maryland.
By the first section of the act of Assembly of Pefinsylvania of 25th March, 1826, it is provided, that if any person shall by force and violence take and carry away, or shall by fraud or false pretence attenipt to take, carry away, or seduce any negro or mulatto from any part of 'the commonwealth, with a design or intention of selling and disposing of, or keeping or detaining such negro or mulatto as a slave or ser ant for life, or for any other term whatsoever, such, person, and all persons aiding and abetting him, shall, on conviction thereof, be deemed guilty of a felony, and shall forfeit and pay a ium not less than five hundred nor more than three thousand dollars, and shall be sentenced to undergo a servitude for any term or terms of years, not less than seven years, her exceeding twenty-one years; anq shall be confined and kept at hard iabour, &c- .)ther provisions are contained in the act; and it was passed in 1826, as declared in its title, to aid in carrying into effect -the "Constitution and laws qf the United State , relating to fugitives from labour; and on the application to the legislature, by commissioneis from the Ate of Maryland,
539

540

SUPREME COURT.

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]
with a view to meet the supposed wishes of the state of Maryland on the subject of fugitive slaves; but it had failed to produce the good effects intended. By the Court: It will, probably, be found, when we look to the character of the Constitution of the United States itself, the objects which it seeks to attain, the powers which it confers, the duties which it enjoins, and the rights which it secures; as well as to the known histbrical fact that many of its provisions were matters of'compromise of opposing interests and opinions; that no uniform rale of interpretation can be applied, which may not allow, even if it does not positively demand, many modifications in its actual application to particular clauses., Perhaps the safest rule of interpretation, after all, will be found to be to look to the nature and objects of the particular powers, duties, and rights, with ll the light and aids of contemporary history; and to give to the words of each just such operation and force, consistent with their legitimate meaning, as may fairly'secure and attain the ends proposed. It is historically well known, that the object of the clause in the Constitution of the United States, relating to persons owing service and labour in one state escaping into other states, was to secure to the citizens of the slaveholding states the complete right and title of ownership in their slaves, as property, in eyery state in the Union, into whibh they might escape from the state where they were held in servitude. The full recognition of this right and title, was indispensable to the security of this species of property in all the slaveholding states; and indeed was so vital to the preservation of their domestic interests and institutions, that it cannot be doubted that it constituted a fundamental article, without the adoption of which the Union could not have been formed. Its true design was to guard against the doctrines and principles prevailing in the non-slaveholding states, by preventing them from intermeddling with or obstructing or abolishing the rights of the owners of slaves. By the general law of nations, no nation is bbund to recognise the state of slavery as to foreign slaves within its territorial dominions, when it is opposed to its own policy and institutions,in favour of the subjects of other nations where slavery is recognised. If it does it. it is as a matter of comity, and not as a matter of international right. The state of slavery is deemed to be a mere municipal regulation; founded upon, and limited to the range of the territorial laws. The claup in the Constitution of the United States, relating to fugitives from labour, manifestly contemplates the existence of a positive, unqualified right, on the part of the owner of the slave, which no 'tate law or regulation can in any way qualify, regulate, control, or restrain. Any state law or regulation, which interrupts, limits, delays, or postpones the rights of the owner to the immediate command of his service or labour, operates, pro tanto, a discharge of the slave therefrom. The question can never be, how much he is discharged from, but whether he is discharged from any, by the natural or necessary operation of the.state laws, or state regulations. The question is not one of quantity or degree, but of withholding or controlling the incidents of a positive right. The owner of a fugitive slave has the same right to seize and take him in a state to which he has escaped or fled, that he had in the state from which he escaped: and it is well known that this right to seizure or recapture is universally acknowledged in all the slaveholding states. The Court have not the slightest hesitation in holding, that under and in virtue of the Constitution, the owner of the slave is clothed with

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

541

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]
the authority in every state of the Union, to seize and recapture his slave; wherever he can do it without any breach of the peace, or illegal violence. In'this sense, and to this extent, this clause in the Constitution may properly be said to execute itself, and to require no aid from legislation, state or national. The Constitution does not stop at a mere annunciation of the rights of the owner to seize his absconding or fugitive slave, in the staie to which he may have fled. If it had done so, it would have left the owner of the slave, in many cases, utterly without any adequate redress. The Constitution declares that the fugitive slave shall be delivered up on claim of the party to whom service or labour may.be due. It is exceedingly difficult, if not impracticable, to read this language, and not to feel that it contemplated some further remedial redress than that which might be administered at the band of the owner himself. "A claim" is to be made. "A claim," in a just juridical sense, is a demand of some matter as of right, made by one person upon another to do or to forbear to do some act or thing, as a matter of duty. It cannot well be doubted, that the Constitution requires the delivery of the fugitive on the claim of the master: and the natural inference certainly is, that the national government is clothed with the appropriate authority and functions to enforce it. The fundimental principle applicable to all'cases of this sort would seem to be, that where the end is required, the means are given; and where the duty is enjoined, the ability to perform it is contemplated to exist on the part of the functionaries to whom
it is intrusted. The clause relating to fugitive slaves is found in the national Constitution, and not in
that oC any state. It might well be deemed an unconstitutional exercise of the power of interpretation, to insist that the states are bound to provide means to carry into effect the duties of the national government; nowhere delegated or intrusted to them by the Constitution. On the contrary, the natural, if not the necessary conclusion is, that the national g vcrnmcnt, in the absence of all positive provisions to the contrary, is bound, through its own proper departments, legislativd, executive, or judiciary, as the case may require, to carry into effect all the right and duties imposed upon it by the Constitution. A claintor a fugitive slave is a controversy in a case 'arising under the Constitution of the United States," under the express delegation of judicial power given by that instrument. Congress, then, may call that power into activity, for the very purpose of giving effetcotthe right; and if so, ther, it may prescribe the mode and extent to which it shall be applied; and how and under what circumstances the proceedings shall afford a complete protection and guaranty of the right. The provisions of the sections of the act of Congress of 12th February, 1793, on the subject of fugitive slaves, as well as relative to fugitives from justice, cover both the subjects; not because they exhaust the remedies, which may be applied by CongWess to enforce the rights, if the provisions shall be found, in practice, not to attain the objects of the Constitution: but because they point out all the modes of attaining those objects which Congress have as yet deemed expedient and proper. If this is so, it would seem upon just principles of construction, that the legislation of Congress, if constitutional, must supersede all state legislation upon the same subject; and by necessary implication prohibit it. For if Congress have a constitutional power to regulate a particular subject, and they do actually regulate it in a given manner,
VOL. XVI.-2 Z

542

SUPREME COURT.

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth ot Pennsylvania.]

,nd in a certain form; it cannot be that the state legislatures have a Tight to interfere. This doctrine was folly recognised in the, case of Houston v. Moore, 5 Wheat. Rep. 1,.21, 22. Where Congress have exclusive power over i subject, it is not competent for state legislation to add to the provisions of Congress on that subject, Congress have, on various occasions, ex'ercised powers which were necessary and proper, as means to carry into effect rikhts expressly given, and duties expressly enjoined by the Constitution. Thd end being required, it has-been deemed a just and necessary implication, that the means to accomplish it are given also; or, in other words, that - the power flows is a necessary means to accomplish the ends. The constitutionality of the act of Congress relating to fugitives from labour, has been affirmed'by the adjudications of the state tribunals, and by those otthe Courts of the United States. If the question of the constitutionality of-the law were one f doubtful construction, such long acquiescence in it, such contemporaneous expositions of it; and such extensive ahd uniform recognitions, would, in the judgment of the Court, entitle the question to be.onsidered at rest. Congress, the executive, and the judiciary,
have, upon varios occasions, acted upon this as a sound and reasonable doctrine. Cited, Stuart v. Laird, 1 Dranch, 299; Martin v. Hunter, i Wheat. 304; Cohens v. The Commonwealth ofVirginia, 6 Wheat 264. The provisions of the'act of 12th February, 1793, relative to fugitive slaves, is clearly constitutional in all its leading provisions; and, indeed, with the exception of that part which confers authority on state' magistrates; is free from reasonable doubt or difficulty. -Asto the authority so conferred on state magistrates, while a difference of-opinion exists, and may exist on this point in different states, whether state magistrates are boufid to act under it, none is entertained by the Court, that state magis. trates, may, if they choose, exercise the authority, unless prohibited by state legislation. The power of legislation in relation to fugitives from labour, is exclusive in the 'national legislature. Cited, Sturgis v. Crowninshield, 4 Wheat. 122, 193. The right to seize and retake fugitive slaves, and the duty to deliver them up, in whatever.state of the Union they maybe found, is rnder the Constitution recognised as an absolute positive right and duty, pervading the whole Union with an equal and supreme force, uncontrolled and uncontrollable by state sovereignty, or state legislation. The right and duty are coextensive and Uniform in remedy and operation throughout the whole Union. The owner has the same security, and the same remedial justice, and the same exemption from state regulations and control; through however manystates he may pass with the fugitive slave in his possession, in transitu, to his domicile. The Court are by no meins to be unoerstood, in any manner whatever, to doubt or to interfere with the police power -belonging to the states, in virtue of.their general sovereigrity. That police power extends-over all subjects within the territorial limits of the states, and has never been conceded to the United States. It is wholly distinguishable from the right and duty secured by the provision of the Constitution relating to fugitive slaves; which is exclusively derived from the Constitution, imd obtains its whole efficiency therefrom. The Court entertain no doubt whatsoever, that the states, in virtue of their'general police power, possess full jurisdiction to arrest and restrain run-away slaves, and to remove them from their borders, and ,therwise to secure themselves against thir depredations,

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

543

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

and evil eample, 69 they certainly may do in cases of idlers, vagabonds, aaa paupers.
The rights of the owners of fugitive slaves, are in no just sense interfered with or regulated by cuch a course; and in.mafy cases they may be promoted by the exercise of the police power. Such regulations can never be permittid to interfere with or obstruct the just rights of the owner to reclaim his slave derived from the Constitution of thb United States, or with the remedies prescribed by Congress to aid and enforce the same. The act of the legialaturi of Pennsylvania upon which the indictment against Edward Prigg is founded, is unconstitutional and -yoid. It purports to punish as a public
offince against the state, the very art of seizing and removing a slave by his master, whict the Constitution of theUnited States ivas designed to justify and uphold.

IN error to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania.
The defendant in error, Edward Prigg, with Nathan S. Bemis, Jacob Forward,and Stephen Lewis, Jr., were.indicted by the Grand Jury -of York county, Pennsylvania, for that, on the first day of April, 1837, upon a certain negro woman named Margaret Morgan, with force and violence they made aA.assault, and with force and violence feloniously did take and carry her away from the coui~ty of York, within the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, to the state of Maryland, with a design and intention. there to sell and dispose of the said Margaret Morgan, as and for a slave and servant for life.
Edrard Prigg, one of the defendants, having been arraigned,
pleaded not guilty. The cause was tried before the Court .of' Quarter Sessions of
York county, on the 22d daji of May, 1839; and the jury found the following special verdict:
"TThat at a session of the General Assembly of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, holden at the city of Philadelphia, on the first day of March, 1780, the following law was passed and enacted, to'wit: ",An act for the gradual abolition of slavery:
1. Sec. III. All persons as well negroes and mulattoes as others, who-shall be born within this state, shall not be deemed and considered as servants for life, or slaves; and all servitude for life, or slavery of children in consequence of the slavery of their mothiers, in'the case of all children born within this state from and. after the passing of this act as aforesaid, shall be and hereby is, utterly taken away, extinguished..and forever abolished.
2. Sec. IV. Provided always,.that every ingro -and mulatto

SUPREME COURT.
[Ptigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
child born within this state after the passing of this act as aforesaid, (who would, in case this act had not been made, have been born a servant for years, or life, or a slave,) shall be deemed to be, and shall be, by virtue of this act, the servant of such persons, or her or his assigns, who would in such case have been entitled to like relief in case he or she shall be evilly treated by his -or her master or mistress, and to like freedom dues, and other privileges, as servants bound by indenture for four years are or may be entitled.; unless the person to whom the service of any such child shall belong, shall abandon his or her.claim to the same; in which case the overseers of the poor of the city, township, or district respectively, where such child shall be so abandoned, shall by indenture bind out every child so abandoned; as an apprentice, for a time not exceeding the age herein before limited for the service of such children.
3. Sec. V. Every person who is or shall be the owner of any negro or mulatto'slave or servants for life, or till the age of thirtyone years, now within this state, or his lawful attorney, shall, on or before the first day of November next, deliver or cause to t ? delivered in writing to the clerk of the peace of the county, or to the clerk of the Court of Sessions of the city of Philadelphia, in which he or she shall respectively inhabit, the name and surname and occupation or profession of such owner, and the name of the county and township, district or ward wherein he or she resideth; and also the name and names of any such slave and slaves, and servant and servants for life, or till the age of thirtyone years, within this state, who shall be such on the said first day of November next, from all other persons; which particulars shall by said clerk of the sessions and clerk of the said city court, be entered in'books to be provided for that purpose by the said clerks; and no negro or mulatto now within this state shall from and after the said first day of November, be deemed a slave or servant for life, or till the age of thirty-one years, unless his or her name shall be entered as aforesaid on such records, except such negro or mulatto slaves and servants as are hereinafter excepted; the said clerk to be entitled to a fee of two dollars for each slave or servant so entered .as aforesaid, from the treasury of the county, to be allowed to him in his accounts.
4. Sec. VI. Provided always, that any person in whom the

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

545

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

,ownership or right to the service of any negro or mulatto shall

be vested at the passing of this act, other than such as are here-

inbefore excepted, his or her heirs, executors, administrators, and

assigns, and all and every of them. severally shall be liable to the

Overseers of the poor of the city, township, or district to which

'any such negro or mulatto shall become chargeable, for such

necessary expense, with costs of suit thereon, as such overseers

may be put to, through the neglect of the owner, master, or mis-

tress of such negro or mulattc, notwithstanding the name and

other descriptions of such negro or mulatto shall not be entered

and recorded as aforesaid, unless his or her master or owner shall,

before such slave or servant obtain his or her twenty-eighth year,

execute and recod in the proper county, a deed or instrument

securing to such slave or servant his or her freedom.

6. Sec. VIII. In all cases wherein sentence of death shall be

pronounced against a slave, the jury before whom he or she shall

be tried, shall appraise and declare the value of-such slave; and

in case such sentencb be executed, the court shall make an order

on the state treasurer, payable to the owner for the same, and for

the costs of prosecution; but in case of remission or mitigation,

for the costs only.

7. Sec. IX. The reward for taking up runaway and abscond-

ing negro c-,:mulatto slaves and servants, and the penalties for

enticing away, dealing with, or harbouring, concealing or employ-

ing negro and mulatto slaves and servants, shall be the same, and

shall be recovered in like manner, as in case of servants bound

for four years.

8. Sec. X. No man or woman, of any nation or colour, except

the negroe and mulattoes who shall be registered as aforesaid,

shall at any time hereafter be deemed adjuidged or holden, within

the territories of this Commonwealth, as slaves or servants for

life, but as free-men and free-women; except the domestic slaves

attending upon delegates in'Congress from the other American

states, foreign ministers and consuls, and persons passing through

or sojourning in this state, and,not becoming resident therein, and

seamen employed in ships not belonging to any inhabitant of this

state, nor employed in any ship owned by any such inhabitant;

provided, such domestic slaves shall not be alienated or sold to

any inhabitant, nor (except in the case 6f members of Congress,

2z2

69

546

SUPREME COURT.

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

foreign ministers and consuls) retained in this state longer than six months.
9. Sec. XL (Repealed 25th March, 1826.) Sec. XII. And whereas attempts may be made to evade this act, by introducing into this state negroes and mulattoes bound by covenant to serve for long and unreasonable terms of years, if the same be not prevented: Therefore, 10. Sec. XIII. No covenant of personal servitude or apprenticeship whatsoever, shall be valid or binding on a negro or mulatto for a longer time than seven years, unless such servant apprentice were, at the commencement of such servitude or apprenticeship, under the 'age of twenty-one years; in which case such negro or mulatto may be holden as a servant or apprentice, respectively, according to the covenant, as the case shall
be, until he or she shall attain the age &f twenty-eight years, but no longer.
See. XIV. That this act or any thing herein contained shall net give any relief or shelter to any absconding or runaway negro or mulatto slave or servant, who' has absconded himself or shall abscond himself from his or her owner, master or mistress, residing in any other state or country; but such owner, master or mistress shall have like right and aid to demand, claim, and take away his slave or servant, as he might have had in case this act had not been made; and that all negro and mulatto slaves now owned and heretofore resident in other states, who have absconded themselves or been clandestinely carried away, or who may be employed abroad as seamen, and have not absconded or been brought back to their owners, masters, or mistresses before the passing of this act, may within five years be registered as effectually as is ordered by this act concerning those who are not within this state, on producing such slave before any two justices of the peace, and satisfying the said justices by due proof of his former residence, absconding, running away, or absence of such slaves as aforesaid, who thereupon shall direct and order the said slaves to be entered on the record as aforesaid.?
And the jurors further found, that at a session of the General Assembly of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, holden at the city of Philadelphia, on the 29th day of March, 1788, the

JANUARY TEMM, 1842.

547

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

following, law was passed and enacted, "An .act to explain and amend 'An act for the gradual abolition of slavery.'
"Sec. L For preventing many evils and abuses arising froni ill-
disposed persons availing themselves of certai defects in the act for the gradual abolition of slavery; passed on :the first day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty, be it enacted:
Sec. II. The exception contained in the tenth section of the act of the first of March, onie thousand seven hundred and eighty, relative to domestic slaves, attending upon persons passing through or sojourning in this state, and not becoming resident therein, shall not be deemed or taken to extend to the slaves of such persons as are inhabitants of or resident in this state, or who shall come here with an intention to settle and reside; but all and every slave or slaves who shall be brought into this state by persons inhabiting or residing therein, or intending to inhabit or reside therein, shall be immediately considered, deemed, and taken lo be free, to all
intents and purposes. See. III. No negro or mulatto slave, or servant for term of
years (except as in the last exception of the tenth section of the said act, is 7-cepted,) shall be removed out of this state, with the ,lesign and intention that the place of abode or residence of such slave or servant shall be thereby altered or changed, or with the design and intention that such slave or servant, if a female and pregnant, shall be detained and kept out of this state till her delivery of the chfd of which she is or shall be pregnant, or with the design and irtention that such slave or servant shall be brought again into this state, after the expiration of six months from the time of such slave or servant having beeh first brought into this state, without his or her consent, if of full age, testified upon a .private examination, before two justices of the peace of the city or county in which he or she shall reside, or being under the'age of twenty-one years without his or her consent, testified in manner aforesaid, and also without the consent of his or her parents, if any such there-lie, to be testified in like manner aforesaid, whereof the said justices, or one of them, shall make a record, and deliver to the said slave or servant a cop'y thereof, containing the. name, age, condition,.and the place of abode of such slave or servant, the reason of such removal, and the place to wiich he

548

SUPREME COURT.

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]
or she is about to go; and if any person or persons whatsoever shall sell or dispose of any such slave or servant to any person out of this state, or shall send or carry, or cause to be sent or carried, any such sla~e or servant out of this state, for any of the purposes aforesaid, whereby such slave or servant would lose those beiefits and privileges which by the laws ol tnis state are secured to him or her, and shall not have obtained all such consent as by this act is required, testified in the manner before mentioned, every such person and persons, his and their'aiders and abettors, shall severally forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of seventy-five pounds, to be recovered in any Court of record, by an action of debt, bill, plaint, or. information, at the suit of any person who will sue for the same; one moiety thereof, when recovered, for the use of the plaintiff, the other moiety for the use of the poor of the city, towiship, or place from which such slave or servant shall be-taken and removed.
Sec. IV. All persons who now are, or hereafter shall be, possessed of any child or children, born after the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, who would by the said act be liable to serve till the age of twenty-eight years, shall on or before the first day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, or within six months next after the birth of any such child, deliver, or cause to be delivered, in writing to the clerk of the place of the county, or the clerk of the Court of Record of the city of Philadelphia, in which they shall respectively.inhabit, the name, sur-name, and occupation or profession of such pdssessor, and of the county, township, district, or ward in which they reside, and also the age, (to the best of his or her knowledge,) name and sex of every such child,or children, under the pain and penalty of forfeiting and losing all right and title to every such child and children, and of him, her, or theni, immediately becoming free, which said return or account in writing shall be verified by the oath or affirmation of the party, which the said clerks are hereby respectively authorized and required to administer, and the said- clerks shall make and preserve records thereof, copies and extracts of which shall be good evidence in all Courts of justice, when certified under their hands and seals of office, for which oath or affirmiation, and -entry'on extract, 'the said clerks shall be respectively, entitled to one shilling and six pence, and no more,

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

549

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]
to be paid by him or her, who shall so as aforesaid-make such entry, or demand the extract aforesaid.
And whereas it has been represented to this house, that vessels have been fitted out and equipped in .this port, for the iniquitous purpose of receiving and transporting the natives of Africa to places where they are held in bondage, and it is just and proper to discourage, as far as possible, such proceedings in ftiure:
Sec. V. If any person or persons shall build, fit, equip, man, or otherwise prepare, any such ship or vessel, within any port of this state, or shall cause any ship or other vessel to sail from any port of this state, for the purpose of carrying on a trade or traffic in slaves, to, from, or between Europe, Asia, Africa, or America, or any place or countries whatsoever, or of transporting slaves to or from one port or place to another, in any part or parts of the world, such ship or vessel, her taekle, furniture, apparel, and other appurtenances, shall be forfeited to the commonwealth, and shall be liable -to be seized and prosecuted by ahy officer of the customs, or other person, by information in vene, in the Supreme Court or in the County Court of Common.Pleas for the county wherein such seizure shall be made : whereupon such proceedings shall be had, both unto and after judgment, as in and by the impost laws of this commonwealth in case of seizure is directed. And moreover, all and every person and persons so building, fitfti out, manning, equipping, or otherwise preparing or sending away any ship or vessel, knowing or intending that the same shall be employed in such trade or business, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, or in any wise aiding or abetting therein, .shall severally forfeit and pay the sum of one thousand pounds, one moiety thereof to the use of the comnmonwealth, and the other moiety thereof to the use of him or her who will sue for the same, by action, debt, bill, plaint, or information.
And whereas the practice of separating, 'which is too often exercised by the masters and mistresses of negro and mulatto slaves, or servants for term of years, in separating husbands and wives, and parents and children, requires to be checked, so far as the same may be done without prejudice to such masters or mistresses:
Sec. VL If any owner or possessor of any negro, mulatto slave or slaves, or servant or servants fbr term -of yeais, shall, from and

550

SUPREME COURT.

[Prigg v. The Qommonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

after the first day.of July next, separate or remove, or cause to be separated or removed, a husband from his wife, or wife from her husband, a child from his or her parents, or a parent from a child, or any or either of the descriptions aforesaid, to a greater distance than ten miles, with the design and intention of changing the habitation or place of abode of such husband or wife, parent or child, unless such child shall be above the age of four years, without the consent of such slave or servant for life or years shallhave been obtained and testified in the manner hereinbefore de! scribed, such person or persons shall severally forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, with costs of suit, for every such offence, to be recovered by action, of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in the ' Supreme Court or in any Court of Common Pleas, at the suit of any person who will sue for the samne, one moiety thereof,.when
recovered, for the use of the plaintiffs, the other moiety for the use of the poor of the city, township, or place, from which said husband or wife, parent or child, shall have been taken and removed."
(Sec. VII. Repealed 27th March, 1820, and 25th March, 1826.) And the jurors ffurther found, that at a session of the General Assembly of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, holden at Harrisburg, on the-25th day of March, 1826, the following law was passed, "An act to give effect to the provisions of the Conititution of the United.States relative to fugitives from labour, for the protection of free people of colour, and to prevent kidnapping." "Sec. I. If any person or persons shall from and after the passing of this act, by force and violence, take and carry away, or cause to be taken or carried away, and shall by fraud or false pretence, seduce or cause to be seduced, or shall attempt so to take, carry away, or seduce any negro or mulatto from any part or parts of this commonwealth, to any other place or places, whatsoever, out of this commonwealth, with a design and intention of selling and disposing of, or of causing to be sold, or of keeping and detaining, or of causing to be kept and detained, such negro or mulatto, as'a slave or servant for life, or for any term ivhatsoever,.every such person, or persons, his or their aiders or abettors, shall on conviction thereof, in any Court of this commonwealth having competent jurisdiction, be deemed guilty of a felony, and shall forfeit aird pay at the discretion of the Court

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

551

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

passing the sentence, a sum not less than five hundred, nor more than one thousand dollars, one-half thereof shall be paid to the person or persons who shall prosecute for the same; and the other half to this commonwealth; and moreover shall be sentenced to undergo a servitude for any term .or terms not less than seven years, nor exceeding twenty-one years, and"shall be confined and
kept to hard labour, fed and clothed in the manner as isdirected, by the penal laws of this commonwealth, for persons convicted of robbery.
Slec. II. If any person or persons shall hereafter, knowingly sell, transfer, or assign, oi shall knowingly purchase, take, or transfer on assignment of any negro or mulatto, for the purpose of. fraudulently removing, exporting, or carrying said negro or mulatto out of this state, with the design or intent by fraud or false pretences of making him or her a slave or servant for life, or for any terni whatsoever, every person so offending shall be deemed guilty of a felony, and on conviction thekeof, shall forfeit and pay a fine of not less than five hundred dollars, nor more than two thousand dollars, one-half whereof shall be paid to the person or persons who shall prosecute for the same, and the other half to the commonwealth; and moreover shall be sentenced at the discretion of the Court to undergo a servitude for any term or time not less than seven years, nor exceeding twenty-one years, and shall be confined, kept to hard labour, fed and clothed in the same manner as is directed by the penal laws of this commonwealth for persons convicted of robbery.
Sec. Ill. When a person held to labour or servitude in any of the United States, or in either of the territories thereof, under the laws thereof, .shall escape into this commonwealth, the person to whom such labour or service is due, his or her duly authorized agent or attorney, constituted in writing, is hereby authorized to apply to any judge, 'justice of the- peace, or alderrhan, who on such application, supported by the oath or affirmation of such claimant or authorized agent or attorney, as aforesaid, that the said fugitive-hath escaped from his or her service, or from the service of the person for whom he is duly constituted agent or attorney, shall issue his warrant under his hand and seal, and directed to the sherif9f or any constable of the. propek city or county, authorizing and empowering said sherfff, or constable, to

552

SUPREME COURT.

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

arrest and seize the said fugitive, who shall be named in said warrant, and to bring said fugitive before a judge of the proper county, which said warrant shall be in the form or to the following effect:

"STATE OF PENNSYLVANIA,

- county, se.

The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to the sheriff or any

constable of -

county, greeting.

Whereas, it appears by the oath, or solemn armation of

that

-,was held to labour or service to

, of -

county, in the state of -

, and the

said

hath escaped from the labour and service of

the said

, you are therefore commanded to arrest

and seize the body of the said -

--.

if he be found in

your county, and bring him forthwith before the person issuing

the warrant, if a judge (or if a justice of the peace or alderman)

before a judge of the Court of Common Pleas, or of the District

Court, as the case may be, of your proper county, or recorder of

a city, so that the truth of the matter may be inquired into, and

the said

be dealt with- as the constitution of the

United States, and the laws of this Commonwealth direct.

Witness our said judge (or alderman, or justice, as the 'case

may be) at ,this - day of -, in the year of our Lord

one thousand eight hundred and -.

By virtue of such warrant the person named therein may be arrested by the proper sheriff, or constable to whom the same shall-be delivered, within the proper city or county.
Sec. IV. No judge, justice of the peace, or alderman shall issue a warrant on the application of any agent or attorney as provided in the said third section, unless the said agent or attorney shall, in addition to his own oath, or affirmation, produce the affidavit of the claimant of the fugitive, taken before and certified by a' justice of the peace or other magistrate authorized to administer oaths in the state or territory in which such claimant shall reside, and accompanied by the certificate. of the authority of such justice or other magistrate to administer oaths, signed by, the clerk or prothonotary, and authenticated by the seal of a court of record, in rUch state or territory, which affidavit shall state the

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

553

[Prigg v. The Dommonwealth of Pennsylvanle.]

said claimant's title to the service of such fugitive, and also the

name, 4ge, and description of the person of such fugitive.

Sec. V.. It shall be the duty of any judge, justice of the peace,

or alderman, when he grants or issules any warrant under the.

provisions of the third section of this act, to make a fair record

on his docket of the same, in which he shall enter. the name and

place of residenpe of the petson on whose oath or affirmation the

said warrant may be grante4; and alsb if an affidavit shall~have

been produced under the provisinns of the fourth section of

this act, the name and place of residence of the persoi.making

such affidavit, and the age and description of the person of the

alleged fugitive contained in such affidavit, and shall, within ten

days thereafter, file a certified copy thereof in the office 6f the

clerk of the Court of General Quarter Sessions of the peace, or

Mayor's Court of the proper city or county ; and any judge, jus-

tice of the peace ot alderman, who shall refuse or neglect to com-

ply with the provisions of this section, shall be deemed guilty of

a misdemeanor in office, and shall, on conviction thereof, be sen-

tenced to pay, at the discretion of the Court, any sum not exceed-

ing one thousand dollars, one-half to the party-prosecuting for

the same, anid the otherhalf to the commonwealth. And any

sheriff oX constable, receiving and executing the said warrant,

shall without unnecessary delay, carry the person arrested before

the judge, according to the exigency of the warrant. And any

sheriff or constable who shall refuse or wilfully neglect so to do,

shall, on conviction thereof, be sentenced to pay, at the-discretion

of the Court, any sum not exceeding five hundred dollars, one-

half to the party prosecuting for the same, and the other half to

the commonwealth, or shall also be sentenced to imprisonment,

at hard labour, for a time not exceeding six months, or both.

Sec. VI. The said fugitive from labour or service, when so

arrested, shall be brought before a judge as aforesaid, and upon

proof to the satisfaction of such judge that the perso4 so seized

or arrested, doth under the laws -of thb state or territory, from

which she or he fled from service or labour, to the person claim-

ing him or her, it ,hall be the duty of such judge to give a certi-

ficate thereof to such claimant, his or her duly authorized agent

or attorney, which *shallbe sufficient warrant fofr-removing the

said fugitive to the state or territory from which she or he fled:

VOL. XVI--3 A

70

-

SUPREME COURT.
rprigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.1
Provided, That the oath of the owner or owners, or other person interested, shall in no case be received in evidence before the judge on the hearing of the case.
Sec. VII. When the fugitive shall be brought before the judge, agreeably to the provisions of this act, and either party allege and prove to the satisfaction of the said judge that he or she is not prepared for trial, and have testimony material to the matter in controversy that can be obtained in a reasonable time, it shall and may be lawful, unless security satisfactory to the said judge be given for the appearance of the said fugitive, on a day certain to commit the said fugitive to the common jail for safe keeping, there to .be detained at the expense of thd owner. agent, or attorney for such time as the judge shall think reasonable and just, and to a day certain, when the said fugitive shall be brought before him by habeas corpus in the courthouse of the proper county, or in term time at the chamber of the said judge, for final hearing and adjudication: Provided, That if the adjournment of the hearing be requested by the claimant, his agent or attorney, such adjournment shall not be granted unless the said claimant, his agent or attorney, shall kive security satisfactory to the judge to appear and prosecute his claim on the day to which the hearing shall be adjourned: Provided, That on the hearing last mentioned, if the judge !committing the said fugitive, or taking the security as aforesaid, should be absent, sick, or otherwise unable to attend, it shall be the duty of either of the other judges, on notice given, to attend to the said hearing, and to decide thereon.
Sec. VIIL The officer which may or shall be employed in the execution of the duties of this act shall be allowed the same fees for service ot process that sheriffs within this~commonwealth are now allowed for serving process in criminal'cases. and two dollars and fifty cents per day for each and every day necessarily spent .in performing the duties enjoined on them by this act, to be paid by'the owner. agent, or attorney, immediately on the performance of the duties aforesaid.
See. IX. No alderman or justice of the peace of this cummonwealih shall have jurisdiction or take cognisance of the case of any fugitive from labour from any of the United States or territories under a certaiZ act of Congress, passed on the tenth day of February, one -tifousand seve4 hundred and ninety-three.

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

555

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.)
entitled "An act respecting -fugitives from justice, and peisons escaping from the service of their masters;" nor shall any alderman or justice of the peace of this commoiwealth issue or grant any certificate or warrant of removal of any such fugitive from labour as aforesaid, except in the manner and to the effect provided in the third section of this act, upon the application, affidavit, or testimony of any person br persons whatsoever, under the said act of Congress, or under any other law, authority, or act of the Congress of the United States; and if any alderman or justice of the peace of this commonwealth shall, contrary to the provisions' of this act, take cognisance or jurisdiction of ihe case of any such fugitive as aforesaid, except in the manner hereinbefore provided, or shall grant oi issue any certificate or warrant of Aemoval as afore-said. then, and in either case he shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor in office, and shall, on conviction thereof, be sentenced to pay at the discretion of the Court any sum not less than five hundred dollars, nor exceeding one thousand dollars, or half thereof, to the party prosecuting for the same, and the other half to the use of the commonwealth.
Sec. X. It shall be the duty of the judge or recorder of any Court of Record in this commonwealth when he grants or issues any certificate or warrant of removal of any negro or mulatto claimed to be a fugitive from labour to the state or territory from which he or she fled, in pursuance of an act of Congress passed the twelfth day of February, one. thousand seven hundred and 7iiety-three, entitled "An act respecting fugitives from justice and persons escaping from the service of their masters," and of this act to make a fair record of the same, in which he shall enter the age, name, sex, and general description of thh person of the negro or mulatto for whom he shall grant such certificate or warrant of removal, together with the evidence and the name of the places of residence of the witnesses, and the party claiming such negro or mulatto, and shall within ten days thereafter ifie a certified copy thereof in the office of the clerk of the Court of General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Mayor's Court of the city or county in which he may reside.
Sec. XI. Nothing in this act contained shall be construed as a
repeal or alteration of any part of an act of assembly passed the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty,

556

SUPREME COURT.

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

entitled "An act for the gradual abolition of slavery," except the eleventh section of said act, which is hereby repealed and supplied, nor of any part of an act of assembly passed on the twentyeighth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eightyeight, entitled "An act to explain and amend an act for the gradual abolition of slavery," except the seventh section of this last mentioned act, which is hereby supplied and repealed."
And the jurors further found, that the negro woman, Margaret Morgan, in the within indictment mentioned, came into the state of Pennsylvania from the state of Maryland, some time in the year eighteen hundred and thirty-two; that at that time, and for a long period before that time, she was a slave for life, held to labour, and owing service or labour for, under, and according to the laws of the said state of Maryland, one of the United States, to a certain Margaret Ashmore, a citizen of the state of Maryland, residing in Hartford county, and that the said negro woman, Margaret Morgan, escaped and fled from the state of Maryland without the knowledge and consent of the said Margaret Ashmore; that in the month of February, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, the within named defendant, Edward Prigg, 'was duly and legally constituted and appointed by the said Margaret Ashmore, her agent or attorney, to seize and arrest the said negro woman, Margaret Morgan, as a fugitive from labour, and to remove, take, and carry her from this state into the state of Maryland, and there deliver her to the said Margaret Ashmore; that as such agent or attorney the said Edward Prigg afterwards, and in the same month of February, eighteen hundred and thirtyseven, before a certain Thomas Henderson, Esquire, then being a justice of the peace in and for the county of Xork, in this state, made oath that the said negro woman, Margaret Morsan, had fled and escaped from the state of Maryland, owing service or labour for life, under the laws thereof, to the said Margaret Ashmore; that the said Thomas Henderson, so being such justice of the peace as aforesaid, thereupon issued his warrait, directed'to one William M'Cleary, then and there being a regularly appointed constable in and for York county, commanding him to take the said negro woman, Margaret Morgan, and her'children, and bring them before the said Thomas Henderson, or some other justice of the peace for said county; that the said M'Cleary, in obedience

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

557

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

to said warrant, did accordingly take and apprehend the said negro woman, Margaret Morgan, and her children, in York county aforesaid, and did bring her and them before the said Thomas Henderson; that the said Henderson thereupon refused to taie further cognisance'of said case, and that the said Prigg afterwards, and without complying with the provisions of the said act of the General Assembly of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, passed the 25th of March, 1826, entitled "An act to give effect to the lrovisions of the Constitution of the United States relative to fugitives from labour, for the protection of free people of colour, and to prevent kidnapping," did take, remove, and carry away the said negro woman, Margaret Morgan, and her children, mentioned in said warrant, out of this state into the state of Maryland, and did there deliver the said woman and children into the custody and possession of the said Margaret Ashmore.
And further say, that one of the said children so taken, removed, and carried away, was born in this state more than one year after the said negro woman, Margaret Morgan, had fled and escaped from the state of Maryland as aforesaid.
But whether or not upon the whole matter aforesaid, by the jurors aforesaid in form aforesaid, found, the said Edward Prigg be guilty in manner and form as he stands indicted the jurors aforesaid are altogether ignorant, and therefore pray the advice of the Court, and if, upon the whole matter aforesaid it shall seem to the said Court that the said Edward Prigg is guilty, then the jurors aforesaid, upon their oaths aforesaid, say that the said Edward Prigg is guilty in manner and form as he stands indicted.
But if upon the whole matter aforesaid, it' shall seem to the said Court, that the said Edward Prigg is not guilty, then tue jurors aforesaid, upon their oaths aforesaid, say that the said Edward Prigg is not guilty in manner and form as he stands incacted."
This special verdict was, under an agreement between Messrs.. Meredith and Nelson, counsel for Edward Prigg, and Mr. Johnson, the attorney-general of Pennsylvania, taken under ttie provisions of an act of the Assemblv of Pennsylvania, passed 22d of May, 1839; and by agreement, the Court gave judg
3A2

558

SUPREME COURT.

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

ment against Edward Jrigg, on the finding of the jury and the indictment.
The defendant prosecuted a writ of error to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania to May term, 1840. On the 23d May, 1840, the following errors were assigned before the Court, by Mr. Meredith, and Mr. Nelson, who represented the state of Maryland, as well as the defendant.
The plaintiff in"error suggests to the Supreme. Court here, that the judgment rendered in the Court of Oyer and Terminer of York county in this case, should be reversed for the reason following, viz.: That the act of Assembly of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, set out in the record in the said cause, is repugnant to the provisions of the Constitution of the United States, and is therefore void.
The Supreme Court affirmed, pro forma, the judgment of the Court of Oyer and TernAner; and the defendant, Edward Prigg, prosecuted this writ of error.

The case was argued, for the, plaintiff in error, by Mr. Meredith and Mr. Nelson, ufider authority to appear in the case for the state of Maryland; and by VIr. Johnson, the attorneygeneral of, Pennsylvania, and Mr. Hambly, for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

The arguments of all the counsel, with the exception of that of Mr. Nelson, which has not been received, have been by them, respectively, furnished to the reporter.

The counsel for the plaintiff in error contended: That the law of Pennsylvania, on which the indictment of the defendant founded, was unconstitutional, 1. Because Congress has the exclusive power of legislation upon the subject-matter of the said constitutional provision, which power has been exercised by the act of the 12th February, 1793. 2. That if this power is not exclusive, still the concurrent power of the state legislatures is suspended by the actual exercise of the federal power. 3. That if not suspended, still the statute of Pennsylvania, in all its provisions applicable to this case, is in direct collision with the act of Congress; and is therefore unconstitutional and void.

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

559

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.1
Mr. Meredith, for the state of Maryland; interposing in. behalf of the plaintiff in error; adverted to the special act of the legislature of Pennsylvania, of the 22d of May, 1839, as the result of a negotiation between that state and Maryland, the object of which was to settle, by the authoritative decision of the Supreme Court of the Union, the power of state legislation, over that provision of the Constitution of the United States, which relates to fugitive slaves. He then briefly stated the facts of the particular case, as found by the special verdict; and referring to the provisions of the act of Congress of the 12th of February, 1793, respecting fugitives from justice, and persons escaping from the sercvl of their masters, and to the several sections of the PennsylV ania law of the 25th of March, 1826, which had given rise to the controversy between the two states, he remalked, that the validity of this law depended entirely upon the constitutionality of the act of Congress. If that act was constitutionally passed, he argued that it was wholly immaterial to inquire whether it was passed in the exercise of an exclusive or of a concurrent power of legislation. Because, in either case, the conclusion would be the same. The Pennsylvania law must be declared inoperative and void, and the judgment of her Courts, which he was about to examine, must necessarily be reversed.
If this should appear to be a proper view of the question presented by the record; if it depended solely upon the constitutionhlity of the act of Congress; the whole matter, as he believed, would be found to lie within very narrow limits. But, undoubtedy, the cause itself, looking to the consequences of its decision by the tribunal he addressed, was one of deep and pervading interest. It involved matters of high concernment, not only io the two sovereign states, which stood before the Court as the immediate parties to the controversy; but to those other states of the Union, which, with reference to the questions at issue, occupied the sanie relative position. Indeed, it would perhaps b&not too'much to say, that the case was one of vital interest to the peace and perpetuity of the Union itself. For he believed that to the interference of state legislation, might justly be ascribed .,much of that exasperation of public sentiment, which unhappily prevailed upon a subject that seemed every day to assume a more malignant and threatening aspect. It was fit, therefore, that such

SUPREME COURT.
[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Peinylvania]
a cause should receive not only a careful,-but a thorough examination, before it was finally passed upon by the conclusive judgment of the Court.
That he might render what assistance was in his power to this end, he proposed to consider the case, with a view of maintaining the three following propositions:
1. That Congress has the exclusive power of legislation upon the subject-matter of the constitutional provision in question.
2.That if the power is not exclusive, still, from its very nature, the concurrent power of the state legislatures is suspended by the actual exercise of the federal power. And
3. That if-the power is not suspended over the whole subjectmatter of the provision, still it cannot be constitutionally exercised, so as to conflict with federal legislation; and consequently, that the law of Pennsylvania, so far as it was applied upon the indictment to the case of the plaintiff in error, is void and inoperative; because its provisions, are in direct collision with those of the act of Congress.
Before proceeding to discuss these p~opositions, he observed, that there was a preliminary inquiry on which it would be proper to bestow a brief attention. And that was, whether this constitutional provision required legislation; whether, proprio vigore, it was not sufficient of itself,and by itself, to effectuate the object it contemplated. He did not, it was true, anticipate such a construction from thd learned counsel for the state of Pennsylvania: for, if successfully maintained, it would ble fatal to their case. Because it was clear beyond all doubt, that if the legislation of Congress is inhibited on the ground that the Constitution neither intends nor requires, legislative regulation, the same reason must necessarily exclude the legislation of the states; and therefore, in reference to the present case, if the Constitution effects its own purposes, by its own unassisted strength, the law' of Pennsylvania, which professes by its title "9to give effect to the provisions of the Constitution of the United States, relative to fugitives from labour," is at best a mere work of legislative supererogation, wholly futile and inoperative. It was not, therefore, he said, in its direct bearing upon the case, that he deemed the inquiry important; but because, elsewhere, in legislative assemblies, as well as in judidial forums, this construction had

JANUARY T.2RM, 1842.

561

[Prigg v. The Componwealth of Pennsylvania.]

been so gravely insisted op as to deserve at least a passing notice.
A very brief examination of the provision in the Constitution, would, he thought, make it manifest that it looks to subsequent ]egislative enactments. The first clause prohibits the states ..tom passing any law, or.adopting any regulation by which fugitives fron labour may be discharged from service. If the provision had stopped there, he admitted that legislation would have been unnecessary. Because a-state law, in violation of so express a prohibition, would be ipso facto void. And the judicial power, extending to all cases arising under'the Constitution, would be unquestionably competent so to declare it. But the next clause of the provision is of a different character. It guarantees a right; and enjoins a duty. It declares that the fugitive shall be delivered up, on claim, to the party to whom his service,or labour may be due. ' Here, then, ate two acts to be done. A claim is to be made; but the 'mode in which it is to be made, and the forms to be observed in making it, are not provided for. Again, a delivery is r~quired; but from whom, and in what manner, and on what condition, the Constitution does not prescribe. Regulations upon these points were indispensable to effectuate the object, and they were left to legislative enactments. And very properly so, because it is the office of a written constitution to establish general principles only, leaving them to be carried out by future legislation.
Mr. Meredith then adverted to the history and origin of the act of Congress, of the 12th of February, 1793, as the strongest illustration of the necessity of such legislation; and for this purpose referred to the first volume of State Papers, title Miscellaneous, page38 et seq. It appeared from these documents, that in the year 1791, but two years after the organization of the government, the Governor of Pennsylvania, under the analogous provision in the Constitution relative to fugitives fromjustice, made a demand unon the Governor of Virginia for the surrender and delivery of three persons, who had been indicted in Pennsylvania for kidnapping a negro, and carrying him into Virginia. The Governor of Virginia hesitated upon the course to be pursued, and referred the matter to the attorney-general of that state, who advised that the demand ought not to be complied with. In an elaborate opinion, to which

562

SUPREME COURT.

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

the Court was referred, he took several objections; and among them, the one most strenuously insisted on was, that the Constitution had provided no means, and prescribed no method, for carrying the provision into effect. And that Congress had not supplied such means by any law upon the subject. "If," he said, "the delivery and removal in question can be effected, it must be under the authority only of the Constitution of the United States. By that, the delivery is required, and the removal authorized. But the manner in which either shall be effected is not prescribed." And again, "The demand cannot be complied with by the Governor of Virginia, without some additional provision by law, to enable him to do so." The governor adopted this view of the subject, and expressed a hope, in communicating his refusal, that the case would furnish an inducement to Congress to legislate at once upon the constitutional- provision. Upon this refusal, the Governor of Pennsylvania addressed a communication to the President of the United States, in which he says, "As the attorney-general of Virginia has suggested another difficulty with respect to the mode of arresting persons as fugitives from justice, I have thought the present a proper occasion to bring the subject into your view; that by the interposition of the federal legislature, to whose consideration you may be pleased to submit it, such regulations may. be established, as will in future obviate all doubt and embarrassment upon a constitutional question so delicate and important." The president, it appears, laid these proceedings, with the opinion of the attorne r-general of the United States, before Congress; and the result was, that at the same session, the act, as it now stands upon the statute-book, was reported by a committee; and was finally passed without opposition, on the 12th of February, 1793.
The origin then of this act of Congress, so strongly illustrative of the difficulties and embarrassments which would continually have arisen, if the article of the Constitution referred to had been left to execute itself, dispenses with the necessity of all further argument upon this part of the subject. For it is scarcely necessary to remark, that the same difficulties and embarrassments would have arisen in reference to the provision regarding fugitives-from labour, but for the enactments of the law of 1793. Indeed, in looking to both provisions. it would be found that the

JANUARY TERM. 1842.

563

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

necessity of legislation is obviously much less, in that which concerns fugitives from justice, than in the one now more immediately under consideration. The act of Congress had never been questioned upon this ground, till the case of Jack v. Martin came before the Court of Errors of the state of New York. And even in that case, it was a mere intimation thrown out by the Chancellor, but neither reasoned out, nor relied on. In every other case, it has been taken for granted that legislation was necessary to effectuate the object of the framnrs of the Constitution.. In Wright v. Deacon, 5 Serg. & Rawle, 63, Chief Justice Tilghman, after quoting the provisibn, says, "Here is the principle ;-the fugitive is to be delivered, on claim of his master. But it required a law to regulate the manner in which this principle should be reduced to practice. It was necessary to establish some mode, in which the claim should be made, and the fugitive be delivered up." So also, ,in the case of the Commonwealth v. Griffith, 2 Pick. Rep. 11. Parker, Chief Justice, says, "The Constitution does not prescribe the mode of reclaiming a slave, but leaves it to be determined by Congress. It is very clear that it was not intended that application 'should be made to the executive authority of the state."
It being then indisputable, as the counsel thought, that the Constitution looks to, and requires the aid of legislation to accomplish its purpose;, he proceeded to argue, that this legislation was intended to be federal, and exclusive of state legislation. Why, he asked, was the provision introduced into the Constitution? The colonial history of the country would show that at one period slavery was recognised as a legal institution in all the provinces; and that in all of them, a customary or conventional law prevailed, which conferred upon the o*ner of a fugitive slave the right to reclaim him, wherever he might be found. Before the close of the Revolution, however, public opinion in the northern section 'of the country, had materially changed with regard to the policy and humanity of a system, that had unfortunately been fastened upon the colonies by the power of the mother country, without regard to their interests and in defiance of repeated protests. In 1780, Pennsylvania passed an act for the gradual abolition of slavery. In the same year, Massachusetts, by her Declaration of Rights, emancipated her slaves. And in a short

564

SUPREME COURT.

[Prigg v.The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]
time afterwards, these examples were followed by all, or nearly all of the New England states.
The institution, however, still continued to exist in the south. The climate of that region, and the products of its soil, peculiarly adapted to,this species of labour, has increased the slave population to so great a number, that, at the close of the Revolution, the system had so intertwined itself with the vital interests of private property, and with the maintenance of the public safety, as to render every project, even of gradual abolition, unsafe and impracticable. During the confederation, the southern states had sus-tamined great inconveniences and loss by the change that had been effected by the abolition laws of the northern states. The conventional or customary law was no longer observed There was no provision upon the subject in the articles of confederation. 'In many of the northern states no aid wbtsoever would be allowed to the owners of fugitive slaves; and sometimes indeed they met -with open resistance. 3 Story's Comm. on the Const. 677. "At present," said Mr. Madison, in the Virginia convention,.2 Elliott's Deb. 335, "at present, if any slave elopes to any of those states where slaves are free, he becomes emancipated by their laws. For the laws of the states are uncharitable to one another in this respect." And in the North Carolina convention, Mr. Iredell observed, mat, "In some of the northern states they have emancipated their slaves. If any of our slaves go there, they would, by the present laws, be entitled to their freedom, so that their masters could not get them again."
'Itwas during this conflict of law, of opinions, and of interests, between the -northern and southern states, that the Constitution embracing the provision in question was adopted. That provision, it is well known, was the result of mutual concessions in reference to the whole subject of slavery. On the one hand the south agreed to confer upon Congress the power to prohibit the importation of slaves after the year 1808. On the other, the north agreed to recognise and protect the existing institutions of the south. And for that very purpose, the clause in question was engrafted upon the Constitution. The history of the times proves that the south regarded, and relied upon it, as an ample security to the owners of slave property. In the Virginia convention, in order to satisfy the minds of the people, that property of this

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

565

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.)
descriptionwas Abundantlyprotected, Go-ternor Randolph held this language: "Were it right to merition what passed in convention on the occasion, I might tell you that the southern states,-even South Carolina herself,-conceived this property to be secured by these words."
Such undoubtedly, was the confidence of the whole south, in the intention of the framers of the Constitution. . Such was their intention; and if so, it would seem to follow-as a necessary consequence, that they meant to commit all legislative power over the subject exclusively to Congress. The provision 'was manifestly intended to restore to the south the rights which the customary law had formerly extended to them, in common with the other colonies. Those rights had been disregarded by many of the states. And the apprehension must have forced itself upon every southern mind in the convention, that if-the provision were left to be carried out by state legislation, it must prove but a precarious and inadequate protection: The provision, it is true, yielded the right of the owner to reclaim the fugitive, in whatever state he might have sought refuge; but if the power to regulate the mode in which this provision was to be carried into practical effect-if the power of enforcing its bxecution were left to the states, it could not but have been foreseen that its whole purpose might be defeated. That the states inight either legislate or not.-In the one case leaving the owner without legal means to vindicate his rights; in the other, embarrassing the prosecution of them, so as to delay or defeat them. In a word, to borrow the language of Chief Justice Nelson, whose whole argument upon this subject, in the case of Jack v. Martin, 12 Wend. Rep. 311, is entitled to the most attentive consideration of the Court, "the idea that the framers of the Constitution intended to leave the legislation, of. this subject to the states, when the provision itself obviously-prung out of their fears of partial and unjust legislation by the states;in respect to it, cannot be admitted." The confidence of the south could only have reposed itself in Congress, "where the rights and interests of the different sections of. the country, liable to be influenced by local and peculiar causes, would be regulated with an independent and impartial regard to all."
If such, was the intention of the framers of 'the Constitution, the next inquiry is, whether'it can be effectuated by the express
VOL. XVI.-3 B

SUPREME COURT.
[Pxigg v. The Commonwealth of-Pennsylvania.)
or implied powers granted in that instrument. Congress has legislated upon the subject. But had it a constitutional authority to do so ?.Is the power thus exercised directly or impliedly given?
In conducting this inquiry, it is proper, in the first place, to .look to the collateral supports on which this a~t of Congress rests for*its validity. It was passed only four years after the adoption of the Constitution. In that Congress were many of the leading and most -distinguished men of the convention. The act was not passed hastily; for it was reported in 1791, and finally acted on. in 1793. It was not passed without full consideration; for the Virginia case, and the different opinions, looking to federal or state legislation upon a: kindred subject, were communicated to Congress in 1791. Here, then, is a contemporaneous exposition of the constitutional provision in the act itself, which has been always regarded by this Court as of very high authority. A practical exposition, which, in the language of a distinguished commenta*tor, approaches nearest to a judicial exposition. 1 Story's Comm. on the Const. 392. It is, indeed, the very case he puts, having all the incidents of uch an exposition. For the authority of Congress tp pass this law was determined, after solemn consideration, pro re nata, upon a doubt raised-upon a lis mota, in the face of the nation-with a view to present action, and in the midst of jealous interests. To this source of collateral interpretation, it has been already said, this Court is in the habit of looking with great respect. Among other cases, those of Martin v. Hunter's lessee,l Wheat. Rep. 351, ind Cohens v. the -State of Virginia, 6 Wheat. Rep. 418, may be referred to; for the purpose of showing thai -the Court has resorted to contemporary construction--to, practical expositions of constitutional powers, in cases of mucn more doubt and difficulty than the present.
But further, from the period of its enactment, till very recently, this act of Congress has been acquiesced in-practically applied in all-the states, and regarded as containing judicious and salutary regulations in reference to both the subjects.to which it relates. Ought a con'struction, time-honoured as this 4s, to be lightly distlqrbed? 'This Court has already answered the question. It has held a practice and acquiescence for a much shorter period, as fixing the coistruction of the Constitution on'a questionof at least quite as much doubt. Ifi the case of Stuart v. Laird,

JANUARY TERM,,,1842.

567

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]
1 Cran. Rep. 309, which involved the constitutionity of the provision in the jildiciary act of '178D, giving to the -judgesof the Supreme Court Circuit Court powers, the Court held this lahguage., "To this objection, which is of, recent date, it is sufficient to
observe, that practice and acquiescence under it for a period of several years, commencing with the organization'of the judicial system, affords an iiesistible answer, and has, indeed, fixed the construction. It is a contemporary interpretation of the most forcible nature. This practical exposition is too strong ind.obsti: nate to be shaken or controlled. Of course the question is i.t rest, and ought not now to be d sturbed."
But in addition to contemporaneous exposition, and long acquiescerice, -we have the judicial decisions of the three great nonslaveholding, states-Mssachusetts,. New. York, and Pennsylvania; in which the constitutionality of this act of Congress was challenged and sustained. Commonwealth v. Griffith, 2 Pick. Rep. 11; Wright v. Deacon, 5 Serg. andRawle-s Rep. 63; Jack v. Martin, 12 Wend. Rep. 312.
So, too, in every case beford&the Circuit Court of the United States, the provisiTns of this act of Congress have been judidially dealt with, without aquestion as to 'its constitutioiality.- It is submitted, therefore, that a very cleaf case of construction ought to be made 'out, to shake e#en the 'collateral supports on which this law rests.
But if the question can. Aill be considered an open one, there is no difficuilty iq showing that the power of legislatioA in reference to this subject is granted by'the ConstitUtibn toACongress. It would be strange if it were not so,;'strange, if upon' a subject of such intense and gefterl "interest, to which the mind of the convention had been so directly called, they had left their work uffinished; .their purpose unaccomplished. It has-been said, however, and may again be said, that the legislative power of federal government is a limited one-; that the Constitution enumerates the cases - in which -it-may be exercised, but that this is not-among tlbe number. - That'besides these enumerated cases, a general power is given to Congiess to pass all laws necessary and proper to carry into execution all powers 'granted by the Constitution 'to the gq'vernment, or any of its 'departments or officers. * But that there is no power so granted in reference to

568

SUPREME COURT.

[Prlgg v. The Commonwealth of Pennzylvania.]

this-'provision. Is this so? The Constitution declares that slaves escaping from service shall be delivered up,.on claim, to the person to whom such service shall be due. -Whatis the meaning of these words "on claim ?" They look to a proceeding of a judicial character; to an assertion of the right of property, to be made before a tribunal competent to judge and decide; and to execute that decision, by a delivery 6f the property, if, the claim be established. Is not this, then, a part of the judicial power, which extends to all cases At law and in equity, arising under the Constitution, laws, and treaties of the United States? Is not every such claim a legal claim? and when asserted, is it not a case at law arising under the Constitution?
If then itie judicial power extends to cases falling within this provision of the Constitution, Congress had an unquestionable right to vest it. It was a duty to vet it; because this Court has decided that the language of the Constitution in regard to the impartment of the judicial power is imperative upon Congress. 'Martin v. Hunter,, 1 Wheat. Rep. 304,-316.
The judiciary act of 1789 does not cover the whole judicial power under the Constitution. Subsequent legislation has supplied many omissions in that act, of which the act of 1793 is an instance, vesting in the Circuit and District Courts that portion of the judicial power which is embraced by the second and third sections of the fourth article of the Constitution.
It is true that the act does not prescribe a judicial proceeding according to the forms of the commdn law. -But in the samecase of Martin v. Hunter, this Court has said, that in vesting the judicial power, Congress may parcel it out in any mode and form in which it is capable of being'exercised. The act contemplates a summary proceeding, but still of a judicial character. It provides for the preliminary examination of a fact, for the purpose of authorizing a delivery and removal to the jurisdiction most ptoper for the final adjudication of that fact; to the state on the laws of which the claim to service depends. But this 6xamination is judicial in its character. The parties,--claimant, and alleged fugitives,-are brought within the jurisdiction; the case is to be heard and decided upon proof; the certificate is not to be granted, unless the judge shall be satisfied upon evidence that the party is a fugitive owing service to the claimant. He acts, therefore, in a judicial character, and. exercises judicial functions.

JANUARY TERM 1842.

569

4Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Petinsylvanix]

If, then, Congress possesses this legislative power, which has
been thus exercised, the nature of that power requires that it should be exclusive. Itcan only be efficacious and adequate to its object, by being exclusive. And if exclusive, either expressly, or by undeniable implication, the settled principle is, that the states are as absolutely prohibited from legislation as if thiy were expressly forbidden to legislate. Sturgis v. Crowninshield,,
4 Wheat. Rep. 122. What-is the nature of the power in this case? What is the
object of this. constitutional. provision? It is to restore to the slaveholding states, substantially,, the right which the conventional law of the colonies gave them. It istoconfer upon them an.authority to reclaim and remove their fugitiVe slaves, with the least possible inconvenience, expense,and delay. - To be effectual to this end, it is obvious that the mode of proceeding ought to be uniform. And in order to its being .uniform, the power to prescribe that mode siould be exclusively vested in one legislative body. If there be a concurrent power of-legislation in the states, with a: , ight to exercise that power, then it follows that the fugitivd could only be reclaimed according to the forms of state laws, irrespective of the regulations prescribed by Congress. The constitutional guaranty would thus become a sounding phrase, signifying nothing. State legislation, upon such a subject,, would become the sport of prejudice. Different tribunals, forms of proceeding, and modes of proof,.would be established in the different states. And the pursuing owner would find it utterly impracticable, ignu"ant of the particular state into which the fugitive had escaped, to meet the requirements of the local law.
A still further, difficulty would be inseparable from the existence of a concurrent power. State laws have no obligatory force beyond state limits. A'certificate of removal would carry no authority beyond those limits;. and qonsequently it would be necessary for the owner to make a new claim, offer new proofs, and obtain a new certificate in every state through which he might be compelled to pags to the .state of his own residence. The nature of the power, therefore, and the effect of its actual exercise by the states, raise an implication sufficiently stroni to
render it exclusive. But admit it to be concurrent; the principle is too firmly esta-
3 B2 72

570

-SUPREME UOURT.

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]
blished. th admit of argument, that ina case of this kind, whtre ihere is but one subject-matter of legislation, the concurrent power of the states is wholly suspended by the action of the federal power.. The doctrine in Houston v. Moore, 5 Wheat. Rep. 1, is this, hiat where once Congress has exercised its power on a given subject, the state power over the same subject, which has before been concurrent, is by that exercise absolutely prohibited. In other words, irherever Congress exercises a concurrent
power, it is made in effect an exclusive power, over the particular subject-matter of the power. There are, it is true, cases of concurrent powers- on which both federal- and state legislation may -act at the same time; and vhere the latter is not suspended by the action- of the former. Thus -the exercise of the taxing 'power by Congress does not suspend the concurrent power of the states. Because, although the same power, it is exercised on different objects, or for different purposes. But where the power acts on the same subject-matter, to accomplish the same end, as in this case, the state power is necessarily suspended.
But if the principle thus adverted to, were not applicable to Ihis case, there is another which would be conclusive; and that is, that in the exercise of concurrent powers, if there be a conflict .between federal and state legislation, the latter must yield to the constitutional supremacy of the former. It remains, then, only to show that such a conflict exists in the present case; and a very cursory examination and comparison of the two laws will be abundantly sufficient for the purpose. Thus, the act of Congress authorizes the claimant to arrest the fugitive without. a warrant. The Pennsylvania law peremptorily requires one. The act of Congress admits the oath of the owner or his agent, as proof of the claim.. The Pennsylvania law excludes both, and requires the testimony of indifferent witnesses. The act of Congress protects the claimant from all unnecessary delay and expense. The Pennsylvania law -authorizes delay upon the suggestion of the fugitive; aid burdens the claimant with the indidental costs. The act of Congress imposes a penalty for obstructing.or hindering the claimant in the prosecution and enforcement of his rights. The Pennsylvania law gives him no redress. In a word, the regulations which the two laws prescribe, are in all essential respects variant from each other. The

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

.571

.[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

object of both may be the same, but.the means of attaining-it are entirely different.
In conclision then of the whole matter. The indictment charges the bffence of kidnapping under this state law. The special verdict expressly finds, that the fugitive was a slave for life, owing service and labour .according to the laws of Maryland. The judgment of the Cou~rt was against, the party thus indicted. It follows., that in the judgment of the Couit, the offence of kidnapping in Pennsylvania, may consist in seizing, and carrying out of that state, an acknowledged slave, if the provisions of the state law for hisarrest and removal are not complied with.. The spjecial verdict finds that fact, and. the judgment of the Court is founded on it.
The offence charged is not that the fugitive *wasremoved from the state of Pennsylvania, 'ithout complying with, the provisions of the act of Congress. Supposing that to be an offence punishable by state authority; which it clearly is not; it is not an offence provided for by this law; nor according, to the tenth section would an exact compliance with the act of Congress have been any protection to the party accused. The special verdict expregsly finds that the slave was carried out of the state, without complying with the requirements of this law of Pennsylvania. That is the gravamen of the charge. And; consequently, if the state of Pennsylvania has no constitutional power to legislate at all upon the subject, the power being exclusively in Congress; or, if having originally, a concurrent power, it has .been suspended by its actual exercise by Congress; or if this state legislation isfound to be in conflict with the federal legislation upon the same subject-matter; if either of these propositions has been successfully maintained, this judgment of conviction ought to be reversed.

Mr. Hambly, for the defendant in error. The final decision of a great constitutional question,. should at all times be regarded as a subject for" grave consideration and reflection; inasmuch as it may affect the happiness and- prosperity' the lives or liberties of a whole nation. Among the people of this free country, there is nothing which should be guarded with more watchful jealousy, than the charter

SUPREME COURT.
[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennylvnia.]
of their liberties 5 which, being the fundamental law of the land, in 'its judicial construction every one is immediately interested, from the highest-dignitary to the meanest subject of the commonwealth. Any.irreverential touch given to this arl;,of public safety should be rebuked, and every violence chastened; its, sanctity should be no less than that of the domestic altar; its guardians should be Argus-eyed; and as the price of its purchase was blood, its privileges and immunities should -be maintained, even if this price must be paid again.
In all the solemn constitutional questions which have been adjudicated before' this, the highest tribunal in the'land, no one has arisen of more comnanding import, of wider scope in its influence, or on which hung mightier results for good or ill to this! nation, than that which is now presented to the Court for consideration. An all-absorbing subjbct is incidentally iuvolved in it-a subje.t, which is even now heaving the political tides of the country, which has caused enthusiasm tQ throw her lighted torch into the temples of religion, and the halls of science and learning, whilst. the forum of jgstice, and the village bar-room have equally resounded with the discussion. Its influences have been calculated by political economists; its consequences and determinations by political prophets; until all, from the statesman in the hall of legislafion to the farmer at his fireside, are found arrayed on one side or the other of this great question, so that, whilst'it has become "sore as a gangrene" in one region, it is the football of the enthusiast in adiother.
Prigg having been convicted in the State Courts ot a crime which the statutes of Pennsylvania designate, as "1Kidnapping," the state of Maryland, of which he is a citizen, now raises the objection thatthe laws of our state are unonstitutional -' and to test this question we are.this day here.
,On the 25th of March, 1826, the .General Assembly of Pennsylvania passed an act,.the first sedtion of which renders it' a. felony to seduce or carry, away any negro or->mulatto from the state of Pennsylvania, to make them slaves. Mr. Hambly cited sections 2, 3, 4, 5, ,6, 7, 8,'9, and 10 of the act of 1826.
Al the provisions of -this act of 'the General Assembly are alleged to be uaconstitutiongl; and the plaintiff isi'i-or says are

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

573

[P]rigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylv~nia.]
in contravention of thd act ofCongress aid the Constitution of the United States.
The third paragraph of th6'second section of article 4th of the Constitution, declares, "That no person held to service or labour in one stat6, under the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in cnsequence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged from subli service or labour, but.shall be delivered up on claim of the party to. whom such service, or laboir may be due.'
Under this section, some contend that the owher of a slave has a right-, without referehceto the municipal regulations of the state or territory where he happens to be, to seize and carry away any alleged slave. .That no legislation is iecessary*either by Congress or the states; that the clause is perfect in itself, and totally independ.ent; and that the word "claim"' nieans demand and surrender) without inquiry or investigation "
.That if legislationmbe necessary, Congress has exclusively that power. has alread, acted, exercising its .power over the whole matter, and therefore all state legislation is 'invalid.
The act of Congress Was passed.12th of February, 1793; and atuhorizes the arrest of a fligitive: from labour, and takingbim before a judge of the Circuit or District-Courts of the United States,,or before any magistrate of a city or town corporate, and upon satisfactory, proof, the judge or magistrate shall give a certificate which shall be sufficient warrant for the, removal of the fugitive.'
The second section fixes a forfeitr of fi'e hundred dollars on any person who shall obstruct, binder, 'rescue, or harbour such fugitive, &c.
In the argument of this matter, it is asserted that no legislation is needed; that the constitutional provision is ample; adid that under the phrase -" shall be surrendered on claim," every thing which legislation 'can give is already secured; and that under this clause a power is contained, in virtue of which, any one may step into. a crowd and seize and carry off an alleged slav. ,,jtisi as he' wourd a strav horse," or 'any other article of personal property.-
If this conclusion be correct, it is -surely a 'strange deduction from the langudge'used'.in that clause, and in direct' opposition to *whatwould seem to be impliedly its meaning.
If such be the true meaning of "claim;" why does that clause

574

SUPREME -COURT.

[Priggv. The C6mmonwealth of Penn ivania.]
say, that no state. by "any law or regulation therein," shall discharge from service?. Why speak of "law or regulation," if none be allowed? Why allude to that which 'is forbidden and unlawful? Why speak of state laws or. state regulations,-if the states dare not pass any? And why not at once use the language which obviously presented itself, and say,, that "escaping into another state," shalt not discharge'from service or labbur, without adding a word about "laws or regulations ?" .The conclusion is unsound, and altogether unwarranted. The language of the -Constitution not only presupposes legislation, but that this legislation not only is to be, or may be, but will be by the states. It
was just as much as saying to the states: You may pass laws upon the subject-you may make regulations--you may prescribe the -time and manner of seizure, the authorities before whom the
parties shall come for adjudication-,but you shall not discharge a bong fide fugitive from labour from,that service which he owes under the laws of the state from whence he fled. Your authorities shall say whether under 4he. laws of that state he owes ser-
vice, and if he do, you shall hand him over. This cdnstruction is likewise contradicted by the fact, tha,
not only the states but Congress, legislated upon the subject not long after the formation of the Constitution-Congress, as early as 1793. -It is, therefore, manifestly an argument which raises a strong presumption against the position contended for; that, at that early day, when the framers of that instrument were almost alrin full public life; when the debates at its formation and upon its adoption werd still fresh in te memory of the whole country; that Congress should have legislated upon this very point. Had the public men of the day forgotten the meaning of this phrase? Could they forget that "claim" meant peremptory surrender-that this was the meaning intended in the "use of that word by the framers of the Constitution, and should go to work to legislate, where not only no legislation was necessary, but not at all allowable? Such supposition will not be indulgea a moment.
But, again: if they had intended that neither, the states nor Congress should legislate upon this subject, is it not altogether certain that they would not haye used the term "claim," but would have selected other language better fitted to carry deflnitely the meaning which they intended to attach? What is the

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

575

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of'Pennsylvani.]
meaning of "clain?" "A challenge of ownership"' says Plowden. A challenge of interest in a thing which another hath in possession, .or at least out of the possession of the claimant. "Claim" implies that the right is in dispute or in doubt. ",Claim" may be made by two or more at the same time. " Claim" has a technical legal meaning; and those who drew this instrument, being eminent lawyers and well Versed in the usd of languagn, may possibly have designed so to point t - meaning of the phrase, and for that reason used that word.
This impression;too, is greatly strengthened by the recollection that in the preceding rl,.use respecting fugitives from justice, a much stronger word is used. "Shall be delivered up on demands" is the language used in reference to criminals; but fugitives from labour .are to be delivered up "on claim." What now is the difference between these two terms? Why, evidently, " d~mand" is p6remptory. It will not admit of delay; it insists up6n immediate obedience, 4Claim" supposes debate, litigation, the decision of a right. How is it when one seeks satisfaction for an offence ? I "demand" satisfaction: I require it immediately. You shall give it me, or I will force it from you. His.ntagonist sees by his language he is in earnest, and he must reply. But if he should say, I "claim" satisfactiqn, debate springs up, negotiation ensues, and the offene most likely takes another shape.
This word "dI emand," in fact, thrust itself upon the attention of the framers of the Constitution. It was used in the preceding
paragraph in reference to criminals from justice, and is eminently better fitted to express unconditional surrender than "claim" is.'
But beside this, if the framers of thispaper had designed such' a purpose as that imputed to them, would they not have omitted
from this clause the words "in consequence of any'law or iegalation therein"-and the clause would then have stood in an obvious shape; and every one would have understood that any fugitive from labour, escaping into another state, should not thereby be discharged from service, &c. This puts the matter, it is considered, in a very clear and strong light; and exceedingly adverse to the construction that neither the Union nor the states
can legislate upon this subject.
Another reason which might here be noticed is, that no one, either in the debates upon the formation of the Constitution, or

576

SUPREME COURT.

[Prigg v. The Comwonwealth of Pennsy~vmia.]

at its adoption by the states, ever asserted that to be the meaning
of this clause. Mr. Hambly here referred to the debates, ini the Virginia con-
vention. Another most-valid and substantial reason against this con-
striution is, that it would be a violation of the very spirit of the instrument.
If, under this term "'claim" the. stretcn of power is -so very great that a man from a, neighbouring state can venture into Pennsylvania.or Maryland,.and upon his simple allegation seize, and Without reference to state authorities, carry off any one whom 'he may choose to single out as-his fugitive from labour, it is a most -unheard-of violation of the true spirit and meaning of the whole of that instrument.
The same power that can, upon simple allegation, seize and carry off a slave, can, on the allegation of service due, seize and carry off a free man. There is. no power, if neither Congress
.nor the states can legislate, to dispute, the question- with the seizing party. In non-slaveholding states the presumption is, that every mwn is a free man -until the contrary be proved. It is like every other legal presumption, in favour of the right. Every man is presumed to be innocent until proved 'gdilty. . -Every defendant against whom an action, of debt is brought, is presumed not to owe until the debt be proved. Now, in'a slaveholding. state colour always raises a presumption of-slavery, which is directly contrary to the presumption in- a free or non-slaveholding state; for in the ,latter, prim. facie' every man is. a free man. If,. then, under' thig most monstrous assumption, of power,. a free mfi may be- seized, .where is our boasted freedom?" What says the fourth article of the -amendments .tQ the Constitution of the United States? "The right of the' people to be secure in their persons, houses, .lapers, and effects against unreasonable searches and seizures,'shall not be'violated." Art. 5: "No person ' shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process 'of law;"' But here 've are met"with the temark that "1slaves,are no parties to the Constitutonu;" thai "1we,thepeople," does not embrace them. .This is admitted, but we are not arguing the- Want of

JANUARY TEAM, 1842.

577

[Prigg r. The Compnoqwealth of Pennsylvania.]

power to "1claim" and take a 4lave, but to claim and take a free

man! Admit the fact that he is a slave, and you admit away

the whole question. Pennsylyafiia'says: Instead of preventing

you from taking your slaves, we are anxious that you should

have them; they are a population we do not covet, and all out

legislation tends.toward giving you every facility to get them:

but we do claim the right of legislating upon this subject so as

to bring you under legal restraint,- which will prevent you-from

taking a. free man. If ene can arrest and carry away a freec

man ,without due process of law;" if their perions are not in-

violate; your Constitution is a waxen tablet, a writing in the sand;

and instead of being, as is supposed, the freest country on earth,

this is the vilest despotism which can be imagined!

Is it possible this clause can have such a meaning? Can it be,

that a power so potent of mischief as this, could find no one of

all those who had laid it in the -indictment against the king of

Great Britain, as one of the very chiefest of his trimes, "6that he

had transported our citizens beyond seas for trial,' whose jea-

lousy would not be aroused-whose fears would not be excited,

at a grasp of power so mighty as is claimed for this clause ?

Think you not that some one of those ardent, -untiring, vigilant

guardian, ..f liberty, would have raised a warning voice against

this danger ? And that, too, when only eighteen 1honths after

the formation of this charter, although they had already in the

body of the instrument carefully guarded the writ of habeas

corpus, and provided for the trial of all crimes by jury and in the

state where committed, yet, as if their jealousy had been excited

to fourfold vigilance, in. their amendments provided for the per-

sonal security of the subject from "unreasonable seizure," and

that no one should be "deprived of liberty without due process

of law."

Suppose,-by no means impossible case,-suppose a man to

be seized in the streets of Philadelphia simultaneously by a citi-

zen of South Carolina and a citizen of Virginia, each claiming

him as their slave: under the construction, contended for, each

would be entitled to carry him off upon mere allegation! , He

offers satisfactory evidence to show that he is entirely free; but

the state authorities cannot interfere, because the states cannot

legislate and give them power; and Congress cannot legis! te, and

VOL. XVI.-3 C

73

578

SUPREME COURT.

[Przi v. The Commonweth of Pefiny1v~i*.3
if it did, could not give state bfficers judicial power. Martin v FEunter's Less~e, 1 Wheat. 304., What is 'to be done? allow these parties to wrangle it 6ut in. the streets,,to settle the question with dirk and bowie knife, or execute the judgment of Solomon? No, the answer willbe, hand them over to the District Court, and there let them settle the right to property! Yes, but there you meet an unexpected difficulty. The, District Court can try the right of property as between the claimants, but not the right of liberty as between them and the arrested free man; therefore it follows that because the paxty outof possession of the alleged slave cannot prove his right to take him, the party in ,possession retains him, and carries a free-man -into slavery. Possession of a slave, in the absence of proof, is sufficient evidence of-title. 2 Marsh.'Rep. 609.
But in exercising the power of claim, and of excludingthe arrested party from testing the question-of slave or'free, do you not violate the first clause of see. 2, art. 4 ? "The citizens of each state shall be'entitled to all privileges' and immunities of 'citi:ens in the several states."
In some states they sell out, for jail fees, the personal services of certain prisoners. Now, suppose such an one, not a negro, to be seized in Pennsylvania, as an alleged fugitive from labourfand undoubtedly under this clause he may be seized,-but the truth comes out that the party seized is not and never was a prisoner, or sold out to service. Under this construction you cannot try the questiofi; and a free citizengoes promptly'and without redress into slavery! Ay, but let that be tried, say the advocates of this doctrine, in the state to which he goes.
There -are two answers to this remark: First, it is in direct violation of the spirit of that provision in the Constitution which requires. trials to take place in the state where the infraction. of law occurred; and secondly, what chance of fair trial would any man under such circumstances have in the state to which he is iaken, where all the presumptions are against him, where the whole public opinion is against him, where he is entirely separated from his witnesses, whilst the whole onus probandi is thrown upon him. Better a thousand slaves escape, than that one free
inan should be thus carried into reinediless slavery It is true that Chancellor Vlworth, in the case of Jack v.

JANUARY TER. 1842.

579-

[Pligg V.The Commonweath bf Pennsy1inia.]
Martin, ii 14 Wendel, says that the right of recaption existed at common law, and*"is guarantied by the Constitution.1 -Now, with the greatest deference for the opinion of the leariled judge, we are not conyinced that the right of recaption 'of: persons ever existed here, or i? it did exist, it is taken away by the ametidrfients to the Constitution. The open-avowed ground is taken, that ini a free state every man is prim.9 facie a free man -whois at large. If so, he comes under that class called "people;" and the right of ,the people" to be secure in their persons against unreasonable seizures is guarantied by the Constitution. Ay! but he is a slave, say the opponents of this doctrine. But that is not admitted. The very question at issue is, slave or free. Now, so long as fe,
kirnot proved a slaie, he is presumed free; and, therefore, if you seize him, it is a violation of this constitutional privilege.
But, it is said, if this-be not the true construction of this clause, and legislation be pecessary, that the right appertainis alo he to. Congress; -and that the act of 1793 covers tle ground, and leaves no room for the action of state legislation i
That no power to legislate upon this subject is expressly granted "in terms" to Congress must be at once conceded. It must likewise be as readily conceded that it is not "prohibited" to the states. Then, if Congfbss possesses this power, it must be in virtue of a concurrent authority of acting upon the subject-matter; or because "this is a faculty which is necessary to the exercise of some power already granted.
That it is not the latter, is manifest; for the most laborious investigation'and the most careful search, aided by the most critical powers of mind, can. sbow no single provision of the instrument to the exercise of which this legislative power would
be -necessary. There are two kinds of concurrent powers embraced by the
Constitution: 1. Those which both bodies may lawfully legislate upon; and, 2. Those which the states may legislate upon until Congress
acts; when the latter, being the supreme power, excludes the former.
As an instance of the former, the regulation of jth. militia may be cited. Congress can "organize, arm, discipline, and govern," whilst to the states is reserved the right of appointing ofieers and

580-

SUPREME COURT.

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]
the authority of training. Art. 1 see..8, clause 16; Houston v Moore, 5 Wheat. 24.
An illustration of the latter class way be found in the power to establish bankrupt laws; on which, it has been decided by this Court, that the states might legislate until Congress did, when the acts of. the former would cease and expire. Sturgis v. Crowninshield, 4 Wheat. 193.
In order, therefore, to ascertain whether this power of legislation be concurrent or not, we must inquire:
1st. Whether it were possessed by the states previous to the formation of the Constitution, and appertained to sovereignty. 2d. Whether granted in express terms to the Union, or prohibited to'the. states. 3d. Whether it be an exertion of sovereign power by operating beyond the state territory; or, 4th. As necessarily originating in the Union, so that no exercise of it by the states can take place, without clear, open, and undisguised conflict with the Coistitktion.
Now let us test this question"by these rules. It is manifest that slaves and slavery were the subjects of legislative power by the states, before the Union. After the declaration of independence in 1776, eaah state, at least before the confederation, was a sovereign, independent body. Each had the right to enact laws which no"other power cduld revise. Each could make war or conclude peace; without reference to the other. Each could raise armies or maintain a navy, without consulting the others; and, in fine, possessed every faculty of sovereign power, as effectually and entirely as either France or England or any of the kingdoms of the Old World, and equally as untrammelled. Then, this being the case, the union was formed, by taking away from the individual states portions of power, and vesting them in one central body, known as "the Union," in the formation of which were admitted maxim: 1st. That it possessed nothing'by implication, except what was absolutely necessary to its existence; and, 2d. That powers not delegated to the Union, nor prohibited to the states in express terms, were reserved. Article 9 and 10 of Amendments.
South Carolina, as early as 1695, passed laws upon the subject of slaves and slavery, and so down to the present time. So also Connecticut, in 1711, and Maryland, in 1715. These, then,

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

681

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

are sufficient, as ifnstances of.the' exeicise of this power by the state; long before the Constitution was formed; and this"proves the first position,-That it was possessed bythe states previous to the formation, of the Constitution. 'And 'it will not be controverted that the iiower is not 4c expressly" granted to the Union, not prohibited th the states.
Thirdly, 'The exercise of-this power by the. states is merely a matter of police: and-internal regulation; anO therefore does not operate 7beyond the state territory: and,
Lastly, the power does not originate in.the Union-that is, the right of legislation does not grow out.of the Union;' the power itself, the subject matter, is n6t the birth of the Union; nor is its exercise a "clear,.open, undisguised conffict with the Constitution," as the exercise of extra-territorial power'would be.
It is inferred, theni from all this, that -this power is-not 'a con,current one; that for want of' express reservatior of such right, it has not the features which enable it to be exercised at the same time by both parties, as is the case with the militia laws. Norcan the action of Congress absorb it and drive the states from it, as is the case with the.bankrupt laws. It is a power which exists, and can only exist in the states. Nor is-it ahy answer to all this,' to sat, that a variety of laws and regulations will be passed by different states; that the legislation -vill be incongruous and dissimilar. We must take the Constitution as we find it! Our duty is to construe, not to legislate! And 'we are told by good
authority that in the construction of constitutions, the argumentum. ab inconvenienti, will not answer; we dare not use it. The ita scripta rule, is enough for us. If the congtitational provision be defective, there is a constitutional mode to amend it: let us thdn rather apply to that, than violently wrest the instrument by construction.
It is urged, however, that the passage of the act of Congress
of 1793 affords a very strong argument in favour of congressional action upon this subject; that the fact of its passage at so early a day evinces the understanding of that clause of the Constitution to have been, amongst the framers of it, that Congress alone had the right to legislate ; and hence, by implication, as it were, they woul*d convince us, that it was one of those concurrent
3c2

582

SUPREME COURT.

fPrigg v.The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.)

powers which the action of 'the highest legislative body absorbs and takes away from the states.
This argument, if it prove any thing, will prove too much. The act of Congress authorizes the arrest of the fugitive, and requires him to be taken before any judge of the District or Circuit Court, or before any magistrate of a county, city, or town
corporate. I Nidw, it is a principle perfectly settled by judicial decision, that Congress cannot communicate the exercise of judicial power to any person who does not hold the commission of the general government. Martin v. Hunter's Lessee, 1 Wheat. 330: "Congress cannot vest Pny portion of the judicial power of the United States except in Courts ordained and established by itself." Cons. see. 3, art. 2: "The President shall commission all officers." Now, if no man can be an officer of this government without bearing the commission of the President, certainly no "magistrate of a county, city, or town corporate" can be a judicial officer of the'general government, and so cannot take authority under the act. This principle is necessarily derived from art. 3, sec. 1, which provides "that the judicial power of the United States shall be vested in one Supreme Court, and in such inferior Courts as Congress shall from time to time ordain and establish;" and of course the persons holding this power must be commissioned by the power.which establishes the Courts. This doctrine has long been held by both the Supreme and State Courts. United States v. Lathrop, 17 Johns. 4; Ely v. Pbeck, 7 Conn. R. 239. The former was a case in which-an action of debt was brought for a penbalty under the act of 1813, for selling spiritflous liquors, and gave the State Couits jurisdiction. The lait case was an action against a deserting mariner, in which the State Court had jurisdiction given it by an act of Congress; but the judges in both cases declined exercising it. I Kent's Com. 402, 403.
This, then, being the case, that the act of Congress of 179 gave to "1magistrates of a county" an authority which it could not give, the conclusion is inesistible; that they did not at that day understand in the legislative hall, the construction of the Constitution, as well as we do now, after an interval of half a century; and therefore the argument above cited is of no avail, inasmuch as it explodes itself. Besides which, we might add,,that the states

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

583

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsyivani.]

,have claimed the power just as openly and avowedly as Congress has done.
It is supposed, how ever, that the weight of judicial authority from the State Courts, is in favour, very decidedly, of the exercise of this power by the national legislature. Let us therefore examine.
In 5 Serg. and Rawle, 62, is contained tle case of Wright v. Deacon. This was a writ de homine replegiando. The case had already been tried on habeas corpus, and adjudicated against the party, and upon that point decided; whilst it was taken for granted that the Constitution and act of Congress gave warrant for his removal. The question was not agitated as to the constitutionality of the law of Congress, or that of Pennsylvania; and the case therefore gives no authority for this construction.
Commonwealth v. Griffith, 2 Pick. 11, was an indictment for an assault and battery upon a negro,- and the defence made was that he was a slave, and had fled from servitude. The Court say, "This brings the case. to a single point, viz.: whether the statute of the United States is cdnstitutional or not. The Constitution, say they, does not prescribe the mode of reclaiming a slave, but leaves it to be determined by Congress."
Here is taken for granted tmat which is far from appearing. One leap reaches the conclusion; without showing how Congreis attains this power,.whether ixpressly, by implication, or how. In fact, one of the judges dissents, saying that he thought the fugitive should be seized in conformity to state laws. Further, the unconstitutionality of the law was not'attacked on the ground that Congress had no right to legislate at all; but merely because in conflict with other parts of the instrument. This case, therefore, it is respectfully conceived, proves nothing for the plaintiff in error.
In 12 -Wend. 314, is found the case of Jack v. Martin. This %vasa writ de homine replegiando; and Judge Nelson in the Court below decided that the legislative power was concurrent, and therefore the action of Congress excluded the states from legislating, and that the object being palpable-i. e., to secure the slaves of the south-it should have a construction that would operate most effectually to attain the end.
We' contend that we are giving that construction to this clause most likely to produce the desired end. If excited argument and

SUPREME COURT.
[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvana.]
an interest~e withdrawal of the whole subject-matter from the hands of the states could be effected by the south, will it not produce constriction and collapse with the free states? Which is most likely to keep the peace? A tone. of 'confidence and'conciliation, or of defiance and the attempted exercise of illegal power? We must negotiate and legislate upon this and every other subject with the calumet of peace, rather than the tomahawk; with the concilitory spirit of a band. of brothers, instead of the animosity of dsadly foes.
The case of Jack was taken up before the Court of Errors and Appeals, and the decision below sustained-not the question of constitutionality, but the. question of fugitive or not, because Jack'had admittedhe was a slave by his pleas. But the question of'constitutionality was debated, and in my judgment not a single solid reason was given for that construction,.but, on the contrary, ChancellorWalworth says, "I have looked in vain among the delegated powers of Congress for authority to legislate upon the subject," and concludes that state legislation is ample for the
purpose. Now, then, upon recapitulating these cases, what have we? 1. We have one case where the*constitutionality of the law is
taken for granted, by Chief Justice Tilghman. 2. We have the argument of Judge Nelson and Senator Bishop,
in favour of it, and the case in Pickering; and3. We have the decisive opinionof Chancellor Walworth, and
the disseting judge in the case in Picklering. For neither in Ex parte Symmons, tried by Judge Washington,
and reported in 4 Wash. C. C. Rep. 396, nor in the case of Johnson v. Tompkins, 1 Baldw. Rep., was the question of constitutionality at all mooted or spoken of, but both judges speak in the same breath of state laws and laws of Congress; without once impugning the right of either party to legislate, or for one moment intimating a doubt as to the constitutional right of either party to pass them.
It may, however, be contended that this authority to legislate is given to Congress by the 18th clause of sec. 8, art. 1; of the Constitution: "And to make all laws whicr shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the* govern-

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

.585

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

ment 'of the United States or in any department or officer thereof."
Judge Story says, in his Commentary, sec. 1238: "The plain import of this clause is, that Congress shall have all the incidenfta. and instrumental powers necessary and proper to carry into execution, all the -express powers. * It neither enlarges any power specifically granted, nor is it a grdnt of .any new power to Congress."
This case, then, is not embraced by the first part of the section, because it. is not one of the ,'foregoing" enumerated powers. Nor is it included under the other term, " all other powers vested," because tbere,is no power vested, for the learned commentator just alluded to, says 'imteans express pover6.
Speaking of the Constitution, we .are told in Hunter's Lessee ad. Martin," 1 Wheat. 326, the .government of the United States can claim no powers which are not granted to it by the.Constitution, and the powers actually granted, must. be such as are expressly given or given by necessary implication. On the other hand, this instrument is to have a reasonable construction, according to the import of its terms. The words are to be taken in their natural 'andobvious sense;- not in a sense unreasonably restricted or enlarged.
Certainly, then, this, phrase, "powers vested," means -express powers; any other mode of construction would do viole'nce to the whole instrument, and overturn a whole series of decisions. If thenit means express powerthere is none such in this case; and therefore, under this clause, Congress cannot exercise the authority claimed. 1 Kent's Com. 388, 90. "The correct principle is, that whenever the terms in which .thepower was granted to Congress, or the nature of the power required that it should be exclusively exercised by Congressthe subject was as completely taken away from t6e staie legislature as if they had been'expressly forbidden to act on it." But is that the case her? ?-the power is not granted irtierms at all, and the nature of the power is such, that
the states can as 6asily and usefully exercise it as Congress. The truth is, the power is one of police and infernal regulation,
as mueh as ferries, turnpikes, and health-laws; and in Gibbons v. Ogden, 203, we are told that "no direct power is granted over these objects to Congress, and consequently they remain subject
74

586

SUPREME COURT.

[Prgg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]
to state legislation. -" If the legislative power of the Union can reach them, it must be for national purposes."
How can legislation respecting slaves become national when only a part of the states hold them? Such legislation cannot assume a national aspect, or attain a "national purpose."
If then this power be not expressly in Congress, nor concurrently, nor necessarily appurtenant to any other power, what is
the meaning of this clause? "No person held to service or labour in any state, under the
laws thereof; escaping into another, shall in consequence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged from such service, but shall be delivered up, on claim of the party to whom such service or labour is due."
It simply means this-nothing more nor less: You may legislate-you may regulate-but this one point alone you shall not touch -- You shall not discharge the fugitive from service, if he were a slave by the law of the state from whence he fled.
The result is, that no power being given to Congress to legis-
late, it is reserved to the states under the 10th article of the amendments.
"1The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the states, are reserved." Federalist, No. 32. The state kovernments clearly retain all the rights of sovereignty which they had before the adoption-of the Constitution, and which were not by that Constitution exclusively'delegated to the Union. 1 Wheat. 325.
Suppose art. 4, sec. 1, is read thus.:-" Full faith and credit shall be given.in each state to the public acts, records, and judicial proceedings of every other state :"--and. then stopped. Is it not apparent, that the states could by. law regulate the kind and quantum of proof, the manner in which their Courts should receive it; and if it was thought they could not, why in express terms reserve to Congress "t9he right to prescribe the manner in which they shall be proved, and the effect thereof."
Under art. 1, sec. 4, clause 1, the times, places, and manner of holding elections for senators and representatives shall be prescribed by the state legislatures; but the framers of the Constitution cautiously add, that Congress may make or alter such regulation, except as to place.

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

587

[Pzigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

Aft. 1, sec. 8, clause 5, the power to coin money, one of thh highest attributes of sovereign poweri is expressly given to Congress; and yet, in section 10, clause 1 of art. 1, the states are cautiously and expressly prohibited from coining money. This ha always been the highest mark of sovereign power.
It is, however, supposed by some, that because Congress has legislated on the surrender of criminals, that therefore there is stronger ground for claiming the right of legislating here.
Mr. Hambly cited the Madison Papers and Debates in Convention, that this matter was expected to be left to state legislation'; and that the south was not united itself upon the subject. Madison Papers, p.'1447.
As if,however, to remove all doubt upon this subject, we have, in the Constitution itself, an open-admission that- the whole 'subject of slaves and slavery was left in the hands of thle states. Art. 1, sec. 9: "The migration or importation of such persons as any of the states now existing shall think proper to admit, shall not be prohibited by Congress prior to 1808."
Now whaf is the meaning of this? Why, that Congress shall leave the slave-trade, and all its operations, to state legislation entirely, with the exception that after 1808 they may stop it if they choose; but if they do not choose,'it will always remain in the hands of the states, until they do see fit to close it. This, to my mind, without' any other consideration, is sufficiently convincing that every body at that day rightly understood this whole matter to be the subject of state legislation.
The use of the terms "legally" and "'justly," in the formation
of the Constitution, shows that the right was to be ascertained by competent authority, not taken for granted; and that legislative power somewhere was to exercise itself upon the matter, and by none more probably than the same power which then had it in control,-the state legislatures.
It now only remains to examine two arguments urged on behalf of the plaintiff in error.
It is alleged that the judiciary act of 1789 vests in the Courts of the United States the whole judicial power of the government; and that this being judicial power, which is sought to be attached to the general government, it is impliedy embraced by that act.

588

SUPREME COURT.

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.)
One word will be a sufficielie allgver to that argument. The power asked, or rather claimed, is not judicial, but legislative; and therefore can by no possibility be claimed by, through, or under, the judiciary act.
Another argument' is, that legislative construction has, with this Court; almost the authority of judicial decision. And because Congress has, in its reports upon slavery, admitted or asserted this right, their claim therefore should be regarded almost as a judicial construction.
It is answered, that if there be any one thing in this country entirely loose, uncertain, and vascillating, it is legislation; and whenever the judicial exposition of our highest Courts becomes so wavering and uncertain as to bear comparison with our legislation, we shall truly be the pity and contempt of all civilized
nations. It has been shown: 1. That "claim" does not mean peremptory demand a id un-
conditional surrender. 2. That legislation is contemplated by the language of the clause; and that both Congress and the states have legislated. 3. That this construction was never asserted by the framers of the Constitution. 4. That it would violate its spirit. 5. That the power of recaption of persons never existed, or if it did, is restrained by the amendments. 6. That this power is neither expressly granted to Congress nor prohibited to the states; nor is it necessary to the exercise of any granted power, nor impliedly reserved. 7. That the states possessed this power before the Constitution was formed. 8. That it is a mere regulation of police, and does not suppose the exercise of national power; and, 9. Tnat the Constitution, in art. 1, sec. 9, gives, or rather leaves the whole subject in the hands of the states, where it originally found it.

Mr. Johnson, attorney-general of Pennsylvania, stated that he ap-
peared before the Court in obedience to the directions of the act of Asembly, passed in 1839, to which reference had been made, to maintain the constitutional authority of Pennsylvania to enact the several laws set out in the paper-book in the hands of the Court; and constituting the groundwork of the indictment and proceedings in the present case. He said he occupied a position of great

JANUARY TERM,- 1842.

589

(Prigg v. The Commonwealth of.Pennsylvania.]

delicacy and embarrassment: He stood before the Court not only as the counsel, but as the official representative of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania; and was, as such, bound by an oath as solemn as that taken by their honours, to support the Constitution of the United States. It was made his d-uty to vindicate the right of Pennsylirania to adopt the laws in question against' the allegation of the learned gentlemen, who so ably represented the interests of Maryland, that they conflicted with the Constitution and laws of the general government. In performing this duty, he felt the responsibility to be almost as binding as if he were pronouncing-a judicial decision, to advance no doctrines that were, in his judgment, incompatible with the true construction of the federal Constitution.
It was gratifying to him to be able to assure the Court, that his official duty and his own conscientious convictions of right, as a citizen of the Union, were in perfect harmony on this subject. He should not hesitate to speak in earnest, for he spoke with sincerity. He desired to place Pennsylvania rectus in curim, on her proper footing, before the Court. She came there voluntarily. She was not dragged sullenly to that high bar, denying the jurisdiction of the Court and disclaiming ifs authority. This proceeding was one of amity, of concord, on the part of Pennsylvania and of Marylind, which were, as the learned, counsel had told the Court, the real and substantial parties. They came into that Court to try a great question of constitutional law, to terminate disputes and contentions which were arising, and had for years arisen along the border line between them, on this subject of the escape and delivery up of fugitive slaves. Neither party-sought the defeat or humiliation of the other. It was for the triumph of law they presented themselves before the Court. They were engaged under an imperative sense of duty in the work of peace; and he hoped he would be pardoned if he added, of patriotism also
The difficulties which 'resulted in the present case had been previously felt, and made the subject of negotiation between these states. And it was a curious fact, that this very act of o5th March, 1826, the unconstitutionality of which is alleged in this case, was the joint fruit of such negotiation. It was passed, as he believed, at the instance and with the entire approval of commissioners appointed by the constituted authorities of the state
VOL. XVI.-3 D

590

SUPREME COURT.

[Prigg v. The-Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

of Maryland, to wait upon. the legislature .of Pennsylvania to obtain the passage of some law of the kind. -At the time of its passage it was loudly condemned by that portion of the citizens of Pennsylvania who favoured the abolition of slavery. And now, a singular change of places is exhibited-the state of Mary-land repudiates what sh, then sanctioned-and the adversaries of slavery sustain, though not very cordially, what they then condemned. One of these parties thinks this act of 1826 is too indulgent to slaveholders; the other, that it deprives them of their just rights. The considerate and enlightened citizens of Pennsylvania, with few, if any, exceptions, were, he believed, of the opinion that this law was precisely what it should be-alike warranted by the federal Constitution, and careful to protect the rights of all. As such, it would be his duty, as it was his pleasure, to maintain it against every assault upon its constitutionality, let it proceed from whatever source it may.
By the act of 1780, Pennsylvania began the great work of philanthropy in regard to her slaves. She has pursued the policy there indicated, until slavery, with only here and there a timestricken relic of fbrmer policy, has vanished from the soil. She did not trench on the'rights of other states. She did not impugn the principles, or the conduct of their citizens; deeply as she abhorred slavery herself. She performed her own duty, and left to others the glory or the shame of performing, or of neglecting theirs. In this act of 1780, there is a saving of the rights of slaveholders in other states. So in the act of 1826. Its very titlE speaks its object. It is "An act to give effect to the provisions of the Constitution of the United States, relative to fugitives from labour, for the protection of free people of colour, and to prevent kidnapping." Thus is this very unconstitutionalact found to be an act to give effect to the Constitution. The history of the legislation of Pennsylvania on this subject will prove, that though she has been ever found in the vanguard of the friends of liber'ty and humanity, she never has forgotten what is due to her sister states; she never has wavered in her loyalty to the Constitution of the Union; and come what may, she never will depart from this course.
That Pennsylvania had the right then, to enact the law in question, she solemnly avers to have been accorded to her by

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

591

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

the state of Maryland herself. She will not consent to surrender it, until this Court, by its decision, strips her of that valued attribute of sovereignty. 'None will deny, that the main questions involved in this case are delicate, in some respects intricate, and in any point of view important to all sections of the Union. Substantially they are these:
1. Is the power of prescribing the mode of delivering up fugitives from service or labour, under the 2d section of the 4th.article of the Constitution, exclusively vested in the general govern-
ment? 2. If it is not, is it concurrently vested in the state and general
governments, to be exercised on particular terms? or is it solely vested in the'state governments?
3. Have the states the light to'inflict penalties, as in cases of crimes, upon those who seize and remove fugitive slaves out of their territories, without pursuing the mode prescribed, either by the act of Congress of 1793, or by the acts passed on the same
subject, by the states themselves? The last of these three questions is the most material in the
present case: perhaps it is the only real question in this case, upon which the Court is imperatively called upon to pronounce its judgment.
It is to be extremely regretted that we have no judicial guides to aid us in the argument of this cause, which are of higher authority than the mere opinions of individual judges, who have incidently, often hastily expressed them. The cases, such as they are, unfortunately are few, conflicting, and contradictory. They have, it is true, all occurred in states where slavery has been abolished, foi such questions must rarely indeed happen, in states where slaver; exists. It is obviously the interest of all parties in such states, to determine the question in one way. Without pretending to trouble the Court with a detailed and critical examination of the following cases, he would refer to them as exhibiting a most striking illustration of the "uncertainty of the law." Deacon's Case, 5 Serg. & Rawle, 62; Johnson v. Tompkins, 1Baldwin, 571; Com. v. Holloway, 2 Serg. &Rawle, 306 ; S.C., 3 Serg. & Rawle, 4; Com. v. Griffiths, 2 Pick. 18, Jack v. Martin, 12 Wend. 312 ; S. C., 14 Wend. 510. In the casesin the New York and Massachusetts reports, the Courts were divided in opinion. In

SUPREME COURT.
[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]
the cases in the Pennsylvania reports, the question did not properly arise, and the Court, without examination, declared its opinion on the constitutionality of the act of Congress of 1793. This subject has been incidentally noticed in a few other instances, but not in such a manner as to.be deemed essential.
The questions are thus perfectly open and free from all embarrassmexit on the score of authority. Decisions of this Court on other provisi6ns of the Constitution will supply us with useful analogies; but we' are thrown back on the elementary principles of the Constitution itself for the foundation of the present argument. Let us then recur to these principles, as the source of the power we are in qftest of, and trace'ibup to its fountain-head.
The times call for a full and frank exposition of this subject; and he rejoiced that it had been presented at this juncture, before this tribunal, and.in the friendly spirit that actuated the parties now at the bar. He begged leave to maje one further preliminary suggestion, before he opened the Constitution. It was this; that the state and national governments were 'oo often'viewed as hostile and repugnant to each other in their relations. Powers granted to one, were regarded as if withdrawn from the other; and it seemed to be the effort of some, who were called upon to judge between them, to treat 'them as if they mutually -approached each other as belligerents, with swords drawn. Thiswas not h~s opinion, nor would it be his course. He thought, with the fathers of the republic, that both were essential to each other; both formed one consistentharmonious, beautiful system of government--complete when united-imperfect when.dividedl: 'combined, stronger than linkq of iron; dissevered, Weaker than a rope 9f sand. It Would be his purpose, therefore, to contend for such a construction of th6 fedetal Constitution as would place the state and national governments, on this solid and impregnable basis.
1. In regard to the first question he had suggested, he would proceed to read and comment on-the second section of the fourth article of the Constitution, which was in these words, "1No person held to service or labour in one state under the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in consequence of any law or regula tion therein, be discharged from such service br labour, but shall be delivered up on claim of the party to whom such service or labour may be due." This provision certainly gives no P.nthority

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

593

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of-Pennsylvania.]

to the general government in termsi none even by implication,

It simply enjoins a duty on the- states, and, prohibits them from

passing laws or regulations liberating .fugitive slaves. It Xecog-

nises the general right to legislate on this subject, for. it restricts

its exercise in a particular manrtern If they could not legislate at

all, it was futile and absurd to say they should not pass laws of a

particular description. But it enjoins that the fugitives shall be

"delfvered up" "on claim." This duty is made incumbent on

the states, without prescribing the exact mode of its performance.

The agency of the general government is in nowise concerned or

invoked. The obligation is on the states, and for the states; their

power is left perfectly free and untrammeled, with this, single

restriction-that they cannot. discharge -the fugitives from.the

claim of their masters or owners. The authority vested in the

states,, is in the nature of a negative pregnant; it denies and

admits-denies the particular power of liberating fugitives, and

admits the-general power to prescribe how they shall be delivered

up. Should the states transcend tbeir authority l y enacting laws

impairing the right of the slavehoider, the remedy i by judicial

histrumentality. it is here. This Court will pronounce the acts

unconstitutional and void.- But this power of the general govein-

ment is preventive-not active. It is solely the right to restrain,

not the right to compel. There are various restrictive clauses in

the federal Constitution; but no one ever supposed-, that a pro-

hibitionof legislation upon the states, gave the, positive right to

C6ngress to legislate ; much less can it be pretended, that a pro-

hibition of a particular species'of legislation divested the states

of all general authority on the subject, and transferred the right

to the national government. This construction of the po ers of

the general government would annihilate the state sovereignties

at a blow. See on this subject of the general powers of the

federal government, the letters of the Federalist, Nos. 41, 42, and

43 ;.but especially 42. In this letter, the subject of the "4tharticle

of the Constitution is distinctly and elaborately considered. Every

line, and every wprd, is noticed; but this very identical provision,

in regard to fugitive slaves, is entirely omitted. Had it at that

day been supposed to have conferred any power on the general

government, could it thus have been passed silently by? Does

the tremendous power arrogated for the national government, in

3D2

75

594

SUPREME COURT.

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

this case, lurk in this provision, without having been discovered by the keen eyes of Hamilton, Madison, or Jay? These letters of the Federalist, were written before the adoption of the Constitution: They were read by almost every one. The comments were identified with the letter of the Constitution itself. They have been always treated as a contemporary exposition, by the first judicial intellects of the age, sanctioned by popular adoption; and he felt persuaded the Court would pause, before it construed into the Constitution, powers, which these great men never dreamed of ascribing to the general government.
The reason for introducing this provision into the Constitution,
is itself the best exponent 'of its meaning. Prior to the adoption of the Constitution, slavery, absolutely, or in a modified form, existed in all the states except perhaps in Massachusetts. The right of the master to pursue and recapture fugitive slaves then existed by mutual comity. Few, if any, free negroes could be found. The presumption was that all negroes were slaves. No general regulation was necessary; for it was the interest of all the states, to countenance and aid the master in the recapture of his runaway slave. But symptoms of repugnancy to slavery began to be manifested in Pennsylvania and other states; and the southern states were apprehensive that it might at some future day interfere with the recovery of their property. They desired a guarantee from the general government; not that that government should provide for the redelivery of their fugitive slaves, but that -the Constitution of the Union should prohibit the states from passing laws declaring them to be free. The provision of the Constitution under consideration furnishes this guarantee; it never was intended for more. See 2 Elliot's Debates, 335, 336; Mr. Madison's and Governor Randolph's speeches in the Virginia convention. Had the southern states demanded more than this simple guarantee; had they required that the right of the states to prescribe the mode of surrendering up fugitive .slaves should be yielded to Congress exclusively; we know not but it might havb jeoparded the- formation of the Union itself. It'is well known the word "slave" is not found in the Constitution. That it was excluded on account of the scruples of certain of the northern members of the convention; and had these members.been told that thevwere depriving the states they represented,

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

595

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]
of the power ot ctirecting the mode in -which fugitive slaves were to be redelivered to their master, who can doubt that they would have rejected with indignation any instrument of government, containing such a surrender of state sovereignty as this?
The ConstituLion does not aim at any abridgment of the state sovereignties on this subject, except in the single point of prohibiting them from setting fugitive slaves at liberty. In all other essential particulars, it wisely leaves them to the exercise of their own judgment. Different rules on this subject would naturally be established in different states. Less strictness of proof of the right of the master would be satisfactory in a slave state, than would be so in a free state. Some respect is due to the common feelings, or even prejudices of a community, in the enforcement of claims deemed odious in principle to any considerable number of the people. If even compatible with justice, they should not be pressed in a manner to outrage or wound the sympathies of those on whom the demand is made. To abhor slavery, in principle, is no great offence in a country where liberty is the boast and the birthright of every creature wearing the image of his Maker. The states are the best judges of that mode of delivering up fugitive slaves, which will be most acceptable to their citizens. It is evident that no general law can suit the spirit of the people in all; and the only rational mode of providing for the evil, is that provided by the framers of the Constitution-by committing it to the wisdom and patriotism of the states themselves. The tendency of this course of reasoning is, not only to prove that the general government has not exclusive, but that it has no jurisdiction over this subject whatever. To remove all possibility of difficulty, however, he would proceed to consider the nature of its exclusive powers with some minuteness, but great brevity.
On every principle of rational construction, recognised by common sense and by judicial decisions, exclusive -authority on any given subject was vested in the niational government in only three cases.
1. When the power is expressly granted.
2. When the power is vested in the general goveriiment, and prohibited to tlbe states.
3. When the exercise of a power by the states would be con-

596

SUPREME COURT.

[l4igg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

tradidtory and repugnant to the ,exercdse ofa rightful power by the general government. See the Federalist,'No. 32; Sturgis v. Crowninshield, 4 Wheat. 122; Gibbonsv. Ogden, 9 Wheat. 1.,
Under which of-these classes of exclusive powers, can such power be inferred in this case ? Not under the first, for, as has been: already shown, no such power is given. Not under the second, for no power is vested in the general government, or prohibited to the states, in the section now before the Court, which has been violated.. Not under .the third, for the general government neither possesses,-nor has exercised any power, to which the exercise of the power of enacting the law in questior4 by Pennsylvania, is either contradictory or repugnant. The supposed-incompatibility, arising from the nature of the power io be exerted, cannot render it exclusive in the national government; for the very foundation of the argument is wanting, the existence of the power at all.
2. -Taking it, then, as established by the argument, that excluisive authority to legislate On this subject is not vested in the general government, is it vested in the respective states concurrently, and co-operatively with it, or solely, and independently of all control on the part of Congress? Anterior to the adoption of the Constitution, the power of prescribing the mode of surrendering up fugitive slaves, clearly belonged to the states alone. It is not taken away by that instrument; it is not inconsistent with any of the powers vested in Congress or the general government; it is one of the most necessary attributes of sovereignty recpgnised and sanctioned by every principle of national law. It belongs to them still. No rightful power exists to divest it. The Constitution forbids it; and the Constitution only can strip them of this power. See 4 Wheat. 122; 5 Wheat. 1; 2 Dallas, 294; 3 Dallas, 386; 2 Wheat. 259; 3 Wash. C. C. I. 316, 322. The tenth article of the amendments of the Constitution settles this part of the case beyond all cavil or controversy. There let it rbst. Whatever may be the power exercised by Congress, the states at least cannot be deprived of the power that belongs to them under the Constitution.
The act of Congress of the 12th February, 1793, on this subect, is supposed to have been a constitutional exercise of power.
sed so recently after the adoption of the Constitution, and

JANUARY TERM, 1842

597

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Penn vania.]
by men intimately associated with that event, it has hardly ever been subjected to the test Qf examination, it has been taken for granted, and acted upon without.question. But even great names cannot sanctifty wrong; time cannot supply the want of constitutional authority. We must examine that act of Congress now, as it would have been examined if it had come before this Court the day after it was enacted., He would'not speak irreverently of. the Congress of 1793 ; but he.would'take occasion to say, the history of this famous law exhibited some curious reminiscences. Its origin in a few words was this. In the year 1791,:the Governor of Pennsylvania made a demand on the Governor of Virginia, for the surrender of three persons chiarged with kidnapping a free negro. After taking the advice of the attorney-general of ttt state, the governor refused to comply, on the ground *thatalthough the'Constitution made it obligatory on him to surrender up fugitives from justice, yet as there was no act-of Congress directing the mode in which it should be done, he' could not and would not yield. to the demand. The Governor of Pennsylvania submitted the question to .President Washington, who, after consulting the attorney-general of the United States, brought the wbole matter to the notice of Congress. See 1 American State Papers, Miscellaneous, 38, 39. That body referred the subject to a committee; a bill was -reported, substantially the act of 1793. It lay upon the table for a considerable period, and finally passed and becamd a law on the 12th February, 1793. It is to be observed that the only question submitted, was -the one touching fugitives from justice, not fugitive slaves. The two subjects were compre" hended by Congress in one bill, and the northern states were constrained to.agree to the ptovision relative:to fugitive slaves, for the purpose of procuring the passage of a law providing for the case of fugitives from justice.
The science of legislative log-rolling, which has been deemed of quite modernorigin, appears not to have been unknown to the Cdngress of 1793. There is*no question about the power of Congress to legislate on the subject of fugitives from justice. The demand is to be made by the executive authority, on a "charge, made" against a person, of treason, felony, &c., &c., who shall flee, &c. The first section of the'fourth article of the Constitution expressly confers on Congress the power of pre-

498

SUPREME COURT.

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]
scribing the manner -in which "'records and, judicial proceedings shall be proved, and the effect thereof." .The right, therefore, to legislate on this'subject is clear. But thbre is not the remotest connection between this.matter and that of fugitive slaves. The one has sdle reference to crimes perpetiated against the public peace .and public safety; the other to the recapture or reclamation of private property: yet Congress classed them together; and made th-- Provision for one depend on a similar provision for the.other.
What are the features -of this . act of Congress, wrhich, as is contended, was passed in pursuance of the constitutional authority of the general government; and which terminated forever, if such right ever existed,.the concurrent power of the states to legislate on the same sulject? It empowers state judges, magis.trates, &c., &c., to take cognisance bf tha cises of fugitive slaves, together with judges holding their'.appointments under the .national government. 'So far as it attempts to vest this or any jurisdiction in state offieers, it is unconstitutional and void. The solemn decision of this Court has- branded such atteumpt with condemnation. See Martin .v. Hunter's Lessee, 1 Wheat. 304; . Story's Commentaries on the Constitution, 114, 115, 386, 603;, Sergeant's Constitutional Law, 386, 398.
That act, then, is void, so far as relates, to all instrumentality
for its-executiou, but by the judges of the Courts of. the United States. The authority of its. framers, as constitutional lawyers, is thus exploded; and their b6asted woik, like all-thing8 human, is. characterized by fr'ailty and error. If it even be -regarded as conformable to the Constitution, its execution is rendered almost mpracticable'by the want of adequa.te agents. -In a lalge state like Pennsylvana with but two dik.trict judges residing three hundred milea,apart, how is the difficulty of obtaihing certificates -of removal for fugitive slaves to be obiated? If the state authorities cannot be called upon to furnish aid, what are the limitto the obstacles that dnviron the masters? A very brief season oftrial will make-them known. Hd would suggest to the Court, whether this act of Congress was not operative only in the District 'of Columbia, the territories, and wherever Congress -had exclusive right of legislation. To this extent he did not intend
to question its validi r.

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

599

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvahia.]

It was a fair and reasonable presumption from the provision of the act of Congress itself, authorizing the interposition of state officers, that Congress, aware of its inherent defect of jurisdiction, contemplated the co-operative, or concurrent- aid-of state legislation, to carry the provisions of this law into effect. If not, why impose on the state magistrates duties which they could not perform? Would a certificate of removal, given under this void, authority, authorize' the master to remove his slave? -Clearly not. Nor would it afford him any protection against the rescue or escape of his slave. To seek 'the aid of such 'official authority would be alike dangerous and idle. It would lead to incessant broils and disturbances of the public peaces and to the inevitable esidpe of the fugitive from his master.
In this state-of the case; the legislature of Pennsylvania deem-, ing the act of Congress -pursuant to the federal Constitution, steps forth to aid the pursuers of fugitive slaves. The act of Assembly of that state of the 25th March, 1826, was passed in the manuier he had already stated, to confer authority on her own magistrates and judges, which the Constitution had' denied under the act of Congress.
.It, in the first- place, de'scribes the offence charged against the defendant in this case, and then proceeds to define the mode in which the state magistrates and judges shall take .cognisance of the cases of fugitive slaves. It does not change the modt, of making proof on- the paxtof the claimants, nor the mode of granting certificates of removal; it shnply deprives subordinate magistrates of the power of granting such certificates, but it directs their interference to procure the arrest-of the^ fugitive, and enjoins on the, several judges the duty of hearing the proof and granting the propdr certificates for the'removal of the fugitive on certain terms therein prescribed. " It does not touch the act of Congress. It recognises its auihority, and leaves it as it stood before. Proceedings under this act of Assembly are purely vo-. luntary. Claimants may resort to it for aid, or pursue the directiois of tlie aet of.Congress. If its provisions'hre onerous, discard them. Take shelter utider the national law. But it is an addi tional remedy'proviaed -fo ihe. benefit of the slaveholders. It gives them a short cut'to justice, and what' cause have they to complain, if it leaires the other course equally free f6r their adop-

00

SUPREME COURt.

!Friggv. Tfie Conbmonweilth-of Pennsylvania.]

fion ? . In determining which remedy to invoke, the slave owner will be governed oy eircumstantes ; distance,, place, character of neighbourhood, clearness of his own proof, &c., &c., and will act accordingly to the preponderance of advatitages. Not one pqrticle of inconvenience can he suffer under this act of Pennsylvania, while, he has the chance of manif6ld benefits,
.The acts of Congress and of. Pennsylvania .form together a harmonious system, neither jarring nor conflicting in any p.ait of its operation. It is careful of the rights of the slaveholder, andis adapted to the feelings, sympathies, and sovereign power of the states. If the power to 'pass' laws on-the subject of delivering up fugitive slaves be concurreilt, the states cannot control the acts 'ofCbngress; and cannot therefore impair the right of the owners. If the power be solely vested in. the states, they cannot 'impair this right under the federal Constitution. In either case, the slaveholders may bid' defiance to hostile st'ate legislation. The mode of recapturing or seizing their pr6perty by the southern slaveholders, under the laws, both of Congress and of the legislature of 'Pennsylvania, is a summary one, in derogation of the common law; and might be confined to a strict and rigid adherence to the-boundaries laid down on the subject, in either of them, tothe exclusionof the other under the Constitution: but when the free states themselves who might require this construction, choose votuntarily to surrender it, and treat it as a remedie -power to be enlarged, by both-, state and national legislation, for the benefit of the slaveholders, it, is an 6xtraordingry'spectacle to see those most deeply interested arrayed a~nong the adversaries of. tdis liberal policy. It appeared to him one of the most unaccountabler delusions that ever seizedthe human mind. He wzould leave to future times, as a matter of wonder, the task of'discoverbig why his learned and zealous friends 4n the other side, and himself, had not changed places in this argument. Experience will demonstrate who advocates-the true interest, not of the north only; but of the south, and-of all sections of 'the Union. He'did not for an instant question motives, he'spok-. of results alone. To these he would appeal, for a judgment that might abide. the lest of, time with all its attendant train. of- circumstances, fraught with good or ill tQ our country.
Supposing the power -to pass laws on the subject of-fugitive

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

601

[Plgg v. Thn Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

slaves to be coricurrent, the learned couosel oxi the, other. side

contended that it had been exercised by Congress; that the whole

ground of legislation was provided for; that the right of the

states was thereby superseded, andthat the act 'of. Assembly of

Pennsylvania .was absolutely void. To al these positions he

would answer, in additiorl. to what had already been advanced,

that Congress had not coverce the whole ground; -that it hadex-

pressly intended to employ the bgency of state magistrates, which

could not be done without state legislation ; and that the states,

if they had a right. to huthorize the action of their officers, could

do so on .sqch terms as they pleased, if they did not- contradict

the act of Congress. There was .no such -contradictio or re-

pugnancy in this .case, and of course,. the argunent raised on that

presumption totally failed.

He could not on this branch of the case fortify his argument

with stronger reason or authority than by quoting the -wotdi

of Mr. Justice Story, in the case of Houston v., Moore. On

this basis he did, not fear to let it rest. ." The Constitution,

containing a grant of powers in many'instances similar tb those

already existing in the 'stte governments, "and 'some of these

being of vital importance also to state authority-and state legis-

lation, it .is not to be admitted that a mere grant of such powers

in affirmative .terms to Congress, does, per se, transfer 'an -ex-

clusive sovereigntyon such subjects to the latter. On the con-

trary, a reasonable interpretation of that instrument necessarily

leads to the conclusion that the .powers so granted, are never

exclfisive .of similar powers- existing in the states, unless where

the Constitution has expressly,in-terms given an exclusive power

to Congress, or the exercise of a like power is prohibited to the

states, or, there is a direct repugnancy or incompatibility.in 14e

exercise of it by the states." And also, "In all other cases 'not

falling within the classes already meutioned, it seems unquestion-

able that the states retain concurrent authority with Congress not

only on the letter and spirit of the eleventh amendment of the Con-

stitution, but upon the soundest principles of general reasoning."

3. The-vital question in this,.cause seemed to him to be this:

whether the state of Pennsylvania could not punish the forcible

removal of a negro, in the manner and for the purposes set forth

in this special verdict, as a criminal offence, when such removal,

VOL. XVI.-3 E

76

602

SUPREME COURT.

Prigg v. The Commonwealth,of Pennsylvania]

was made in total disregard of the act of Congress, and of her
own act of 1826. He need hardly remind the Court, that the
provisions of the federal Constitution under 'consideration, pre-
scribed that fugitive slaves werato be "delivered up" "on claim."
Both theacts of Congress and of the legislature' of Pennsylvania
directed the mode to be pursued" in making claim and delivery. It is obvious -that the Constitution c6ntemplated two acts-the claim by the master,. and the delivery in pursuance of it, of the state where the fugitive was found. One preceded the other; and neither could be available to restore the slave to his master alone.
Under the act of Congress, he might " seize" the slave, but could not remove him without the certificate of the judge or magistrate.
Under the act of 1826, the magistrate may issue his warrant to apprehend the fugitive; but the judge alone can grant the certificate. Under neither can the master remove the slave without this certificate. It is his only legal warrant of removal, and'it is
a sufficient warrant throughout the whole Union. A forcible removal is nowhere, authorized or countenanced; on the contrary, it can only be a removal under the law, and according to the law. The master, under the act of Congress,- may "seize" his slave, but only for the purpose of taking him before a judge. He is protected in making such seizure; but the moment he abuses this right, and, in defiance of. law, undertakes to remove his slave without a certificate, he forfeits the protection of the law and becomes, amenable to such punishment as the states
may prescribe. The act of Congress punishes. those who. interfere with the
rights of the slaveholder; but is silent as to the rights of negroes wrongfully seized, and of the states whose territory is
entered by persons, under pretext of right, to violate- the laws and carry forcibly away those who are living under their protection. These cases are clearly left to the guardianship of the states themselves. The tenth article of the amendments to the Constitution secures this right; and self-respect, if not self-protection, demands its exeicise. It has already been decided, by this.Court, that persons who violate or disregard the provisions of an- act of Congress may be made amenable to state law. Houston v. Moore, 5 Wheat. 1; 2 Hamilton's Works, 347. This is not on the principle that to violate an act of Congress is a

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

608

[Pigg v. The Commonwelth of Pennsylvafib.]

crime against the state-; but that..the offence, deriounced by the laws of the stae is not piotected by the national uthority, and hence may be punished as a crime.
Prigg, the defendant in this case, first sought the aid.of the state law to seize his slave, and then, in dontempt of both its mandates andthQse of the act of Congress, removed the fugitive, without making claim, obtaining certificattor dQing any thing.to procure the warrant of the law this was a wanton: ifsult to thd dignityof the state of Pennsylvania; and tended direetlyto.produce riotw, disturbances, and ill-blood between her citizens and 'those of.t ei state of Maryland. Would it not be monstrbus to hold, that tn act which l6ads to such results, which:offends so.,deeply the honest prejudices of large portions of the citizhns.of astate, is not, or - may not be'punished as a crime against her sovereignty and her 'laws? If. such power do not belong to'the statesit i difftcult to conceive how any portion of their police arrangements may not at any time be annulled and abrogated by the general government. A more absolute annihilation-of the state soveieignties than this would be, is not within the stretch of-human power.
It is a familiar principle to th' Court, that oa the -ground of repugnancy to the Constitution, state laws may.be void' in'part, and valid for the residue. These questions are extremely delicate; and this Court will declare laws void 'for this reasn, only in a clear case ', Fletcher v. Peck, 6 Cranch, 87. Ifpossible, the Court will reconcile them with the Constitution; and solar as der pends on their poicy or justice, leave that to the judgment of the people who enact and mfist obey thetm Dismissing fiom consideration, for the purposes of this argument, the right of the states to pass laws on the subject of the delivery up of fugitive'slavet, in what 'respect does the act of 1826, so far as relafes to the punishment df those who are guilty of kidnapping, conffict with'the Constitution of the United States or with any act of Congress?- He thought he might challenge the utmwt ingenuity to point 'out such conflict, - It was clearly the exercise of. a reserved power. It only punished those-who set all laws on this subject at naught, and by their examples did more to endanger the rights of the slaveholders in the recovery of their fugitives than, all the state' laws ever adopted had done or could do. Such rash and indiscreet efforts to regain fugitive slaves, as this defendant made, have done

604

SUPREME COURT.

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

much to foment the spirit of opposition to slavery in the nort and if persisted in, will awaken a feeling not easily subdued of controlled. Did the chivalrous and considerate slave owners of the south come themselves in pursuit of their fugitive slaves these instances ofoutrage would seldom, if ever, happen; but the agents often employed by. them, are of the most debased character, and, being alike. ignorant and regardless of law and courtesy, excite, by their conduct, the deepest emotions of indignation and abhorrence. It is against such offenders that the
penal enactment in question is chiefly aimed. Can it be possible that this Court will strike down the arm of state authority, thus uplifted to maintain peace, order, and the. respectful observance of the law?
The fact that the negro thus forcibly and illegally renoved is a slave, is wholly-immaterial It is admitted by the other side, that legislation under the Constitution is necessary to carry the provision on this subject of fugitive slaves into effect. If so, the
right of removal cannot exist independent of such legislation. Although the slave may be so in fact, yet he must be identified and certified by the law to be such, to authorize his removal. Until this is done, no presumption of slavery .arises. True, it will arise, if "seized" on "clain" *and taken before a, judge, but not if removed without this judicial sanction. Here is the true point of the case. The law protects the owner or agent, until he proceeds to remove the slave in defiance of its prohibition. The instant he does this, the crime is committed; the -,enalty is incurred; the violated lavr demands its viclim . The Cohstitution evidently contemplates the act of the law, and not the act of the party in the recovery of fugitive slaves; and he who with a strong hand usurps the prerogative of the law and tramples on its mandates, has noright to complain of the punishment it inflicts.
The special verdict in this case distipctly admits, that the act of the defendant is neither-sanctioned nor protected by either the act of Congress or the legislature of Pennsylvania. It was therefore clear, as he believed, whatever might be the opinion of the Court upon the broad question of the power of the states to pass laws directing the mode of delivering up fugitive slaves; that the act of Pennsylvania, so far as it affected this case, or was involved in its determination, was not repugnant to the Constitu-

-TANUAlRY TERM, 1842.

-005

(1igg v. The Commonwealth -of Pennsyliani6l1
tion, and that accordingly the judgment of the Supreme "Court
of that state must be affirmaed. In conclusion, said Mr. Jolmrson, the Court will allow me to
say, that I have-argued this case on the presumption that many great rules of constitutional inferpI'etatioin -have been settled by its decisions; and that I have adopted and applied them so far as they appeared applicable; -without consuming the time or abusing the patience of the Court, by elaborte inquiries into their justic or their authority. I have not deenied it respectful 4o address this Court as if I were delivering a course of elementary lectures ina law academy. I know my own-duty and the character ofthisCourt too well, to engage in such an undertaking. I feel persuaded* that my deficiencieswill be far more than supplied by the learning and experience of your honours. I have sought to confine my argument strictly to the case before you, and I hope withint tins scope no points of essential interest have escaped my attention.
I trust I shall be pardconed it I again reiterate my conviction, that -the construction of the Constitution for-which I have contended, is the true, rational, and just one. Whatever may be me opinion of others, it-cannot and will not be plausibly alleged that -this cohstruetion violates any'of-its- provisions, or endangers any power vested in either the -national or state governments. It offends no prejudices; it trenches on no rights; it sets no.example to be hereafter pleaded in justification of measures which tend to augment the power of the general government, and. to strip the states of their proudest attributes of sovereignty. It binds each'in its proper sphere; -it invests both with all requisite and proper authority to perform the functions for which they wer6 designed, and it divests this obligation to deliver up fugitive slaves, which, to the sensitive, is harsh- and- odious, of. almost every featurea of painful repugnance to the feelings.
But let the picture be reversed.-'KDeny the right of the sttes to legislate on this subject for the' preservation of their own peace 'an4 the protection of their own soil from insult and aggression-, arrogate exclusive power for the general government to order and direct how, and. by whoin alleged fugitive slaves are to be restored to their masters or hired pursuers, andYyou arouse a spirit of-discord and resistance, that will neither shrink nor slumber till the obligation itself be cancelled, or the Union which creates it be
3E2

606

SUPREME COURT.

(Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]'

dissolved. I do not say this -in menace--Gcl forbid I should; but in expostulating warning tokthose who, by demanding too much, may sacrifice even that to which they are justly entitled.
The various, diversified1j -and almost antagonist interests of different sections of our .UnionjTender government here a task of no small eautidn, forbearance, and responsibility. Time and experience have emphaticallytaught u*s that there is but one mode.in which these interests can be effectually guarded and promoted; and that is by a strict, steady, and undeviating adherence to the spirit and letter of the national Constitution.
The events of every day, and every year, invest the Constitution 'with additional claims to our veneration. Its advantages seem to multiply with our necessities, and to spring out of them. It would
not be difficult in the course of our history, to point out particulax instances, in which different quarters of the Union, influenced by adverse interests, have sought to apply opposing constructions to the same provisions, on assumed general, strict, or latitudinarian principles; and yet, in a very brief period of time, constructions of other provisions have compelled these sectional parties to
change their respective ground, and to repudiate what they.had before adopted. These considerations rebuke the spirit of self-confidence and of self-ifterest, and admonish us, that, in the end, that construction is the only. sound, rational, and safe one, which encroaches on no peculiar interest, and which sustains all alike, with even-handed justice.. Let the south and the north remember, that he who lives by the sword to-&ay, may die by the sword tomorrow. Then, indeed, may we read the Constitution in the benign spirit of the golden rule, to do " unto others, as we would that they should d6 unto us."
The framers ofour gloiibus Constitution, appear to have been little less than inspired. They not only guarded the liberties of their own age, but they looked into futurity, and provided for the liberties of ages to follow them---constitutional indemnities vhich must then have been established, or never established at all. The day to intrench political freedom within a written Constitution,
was the cay when the fresh recollection of the revolutionary contest not only taught its value, but the duty of placing it beyond the reach of invasion; and our fathers, conscious of this truth, performed the duty devolved on them, in -a manner worthy of

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

607

[Prigg v.The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]
its inestimable importance. The most skeptical must trace the finger of God 'in'this Work; and acknowledge that he has,sanctified it in the councils of his Prpvidence.
It is adapted to our condition in every stage Qf our national advancement. From the Atlantic to the Pacific Oceans, an'd from the lakes to the borders of Mexico, it has stretched forth its-cherishing arm over our people, and diffused its blessings on all alike. It has "I grown with our growth, and, strengthened, with our
strength ;" it was the swaddling clothes of our natioial infancy; it is the" coat of mail tht envelopes the giant-limbs of our national manhood. Changed as is our condition, modified as may Oeem our government in various natters of policy;' the Constitutioft of our fathers is still solid and entir6, the Constitution of their
descendants. If we would preserve it, if we would perpetuate its benefits,
we must, in its interpretation, adhere with -inflexible tenacity to that spirit of generous and enlightened concession in which it had its origin, which now and forever must be its breath of life.' It is equally endangered by straining its just powers too far, as by crippling their operation, and shrivelling up.the vigorous energies which alone make it a form of government capable or worthy of popular confidence'and support. To claim for it, what is withheld--exclusive authority to legislate on the delicate subjeot of directing the delivery up of fugitive slaves, to the entire exclusion of sfate interposition, seems to me the rankest usurpation. In resisting this doctrine, I verily believe I stand here more as the true friend of the south, than those who honestly, but erroneously, urge it upon the Court. In the name then of Pefinsylvania, in the name of all the states-in the name of the Union itself---I protest, against this dangerous encroachment on state sovereignty and state independence. The long and impatient struggle on this *question, I trust is nearly over. The decisioh of this Court will
put it at rest. Pennsylvania will 'be the first to acquiesce in whatever deci-
sion may be pronounced; and deeply and anxiously as she desires
to see all the rights guarantied to her by the national Constitution steadfastly maintained, she submits, with a confidence that knows no fear, these rights, which are equally dear to everkr

608

StPREME COUPT.

[Prtgg r'. The Common*ealth of Pennsylvanii]
iistei state as they are-to her, to the judgment of this high and enlightened tribunal.

'Mr. JuStice STORY delivered the opinion'of the Court.' Thli is a writ of error to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
brought under the 25th section of the judiciary act of 1789, ch. 20, for .the purpose of revising- the judgment of that Court, in a case involving the construction of the Constitution and laws of the United States.
The facts are briefly these: The plaintiff in error was indicted in the Court of Oyer and Terminer for York county, for having, with force and violence, taken and carried-away from that county to the'state of Maryland, a certain negro woman, named Margaret Morgan, with a design and intention of selling and disposing of, and keeping her as a slave or servant for life, contrary to a statute of Pennsylvania, passed on the 26th of March, 1826. That statute in the first section, in substance, provides, that if any person or persons shalL from afid after the passing of tjhe act, by force and violence take hnd carry away, or cause to be tken and carried away, and shall by fraud or false pretence, seduce, or cause to be seduced, or shall attempt to take, carry away, or seduce any negro or mulatto from any part of that commonwealth, with a design and intention of selling and disposing of,or causing to be s6ld, or of keeping and detaining, or of causing to be kept and detained, such negro or mulatto as a slave or servant for life, or for any term whatsoever; every such person or persons, his or their aiders or abettors, shall,.on conviction thereof, be deemed guilty of a felony,.and shall forfeit and pay 'asum not less than five hundred, nor more than one thousand dollars; and moreover shall be sentenced to undergo a servitude for any term or terms of years, not les than seven years nor exceeding twenty.:one years; and shall be confined and kept to hard labour, &c. .There
are many other provisions in the statute which is recited at large in the record, but to which it is in our view unnecessaky to advert-upon the present occasion.
The plaintiff in ertor pleaded not guilty to the indictment; and at the trial the jury found a special verdict, which, in substance, states, that the negro woman, Margaret Morgan, was a slave for life, and held to lfbour and service under and according'to the

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

609

[Prigg v. The Cobnnonweath of Pennsylvania.]
laws of Maryland, to a certain Margaret Ashmore. a citizen of Mtrylabd; that the slave escaped- and fled from Marylandinto Pennsylvani. in. 1832 ; .that the plaintiff in error, being legally constituted the agent and attorney of the said Marg.ret Ashdiore,, in 1837, caused, the said negro woman, to, be taken and -apprehended as a fugitive. from. labour by a state constable, under a warrant from- a Pennsylvania nagistrate; .that the said negro woman was thereupon brought before the .-said. magistrate, who refused to take further cognisance ofthie case; and thereupoa the plaintiff in error .did remove, take, and'cahTy away the -saidnegro
woman and her children out of Pennsylvania into Maryland, and 'did. deliver the said negro woman' and her children into the custody and possession 'of the said Margaret Ashmore. The special verdict further, finds, that one-of -the children was born in Pennsylvania, more than a year after -the said negro woman had fled and escaped from Maryland.
'Upon this special verdict, the Colurt of Oyer. and Terminer of York coduty, adjudged that the plaintiff in error was guilty of the offence charged in the- indictment. A writ.of error was brought from that juqdgment to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, where the judgment was, pro forma, affirmed. * From this latter judgment,' the present writ of error has been brought to tiis Court.
Before proceeding to discuss the very.important and interesting cuestious involved in this record, it is fit to say, that the cause has been conducted in the Court below, ahd has been. brought here.by the co-operation and sanction, both of the state of Maryland, and the state of Pennsylvania, in the most friendly and courteous spirit, with. a view to have those questions finall dis'posedof by the adjudication of.this Court; so that the agitatibns on' this subject'in both states, which have had a tendency to inter-
rupt the harmony betweefi, them, may subside, and the conflict
of opinion be put at resi. It should also be Vdled, that the statute
-of Penpsylvania-bf 1826, was (as has.been suggested at the bar)
passed with a view of meeting the supposed wishes of Maryland on the subject of- fugitive slaves; and that,'.although it hs failed to produce the good effects -intended in its practical construction, the result was unforeseen and "undesigned. 1 1. Thie q uestior arising in 'the case, as to the constitutionality of -the statute of Pennsylvapia, has been most elaborately argue.d at

610

SUPREME COURT.

[Pdgg .The Commonweata of PenusyIvomia.]
the- br. The'counsel for the plaintiff in error have contended that the statutd of Penusylvania is unconstitutional; first, because Congress has the exelusive.power of legislation upon the subject-
matter under the Constitution of the United States, and under the act of the 12th of February, 1793) ch. 51, (7), which was passedin pursuance thereof; secondly, that if this power is not' exclusive in Congress, still tb. iortcurrent 'power of the state legislatures is suspended by the -actual exercise of the power by Congress; and, thirdly, that if not suspended, still the statute- of Pennsylvania, in all its provisions applicable to this case, is in direct collision with the act of Congress, and thereford is unconstitutional and void.. The canhsel for Pennsylvania maintain the negative of all these points.
Few questions which have ever come before this Court involve mor delicate anrd important considerations; and few upon which the public at large, may be presumed to feel a miore profound and per-ading interest. We have Pccordingly given them our most-deliberate examination; and it has become my dutyto state the result to which we have arrived, and the, reasoning by
which it is supported. Before, however, we proceed to 'the points more immediately
before us, it may be well-in order to clear the case of difficulty-
to say, that in the exposition of this part of the Constitution, we shall limit ourselves to those considerations which appropriately and exclusively belong to it, without laVing down any rules of interpretation 'of a -more general nature. It will, indeed, probably, be found, when we look to the character of the Constitution itself the objects which it seeks to -attain, the powers which it confers, the'duties which it enjoins, and the rights which it secures, as -well as. the' known historical, fact that rnany of its provisions were matters of dompromise of opposing interests and opinions;,. that no uniform rule of -interpretation can be applied to it which may-not allow, even if it does not positively demand, many'modifications in its actukl application to particular clauses. And,.perhaps, the safest.:role ot interpretation after all will be found to ,be.to look to the 'riature anAd objects of the iarticular powers, duties, and rights, with all the ligliti and aids of contemporary history; and-to give,to-the words of each just such opera-

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

611

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylania.1
tion and force, consistent with their .legitimate meaning, as may
fairly secure and attain the ends proposed. There are two clauses in, the'Constitution upon -the subject
of fugitives, which stand in juxtaposition with each other, and have been thought mutually to illustrate each other. They are
both contained in the second section of the fourth article, and are in the following words: "A person charged in any state with treason, felony, or other crine, who shall flee from justice, and be found in another state, shall, on demand of the execuive authority of the.state from which he fled, be delivered up, to-be removed to the state having jurisdiction of the crime."
"No person held to service or labour in one state under the laws thereof, escaping into andther,.shall in consequerice of any law or regulation therein, be discharged from such service or labour; but shall be delivered up,,on claim of the party to whom such service or labour may be due."
The last clause is that, the true interpretation whereof is directly in judgment before .us. Historically, it ,is well known,,tbat the object of this clause was to secure to the citizens. of the slaveholding states the complete right and title of ownership- in their slaves, as property, in every state in the Union into which they might escape from the state where they were held in servitude. The full recognition of this right and title was indispensable to the security of this-species of property in all the slaveholding states; and, indeed, was so vital to the preservation of their domeitic interests and institutions, that it-cannot be doubted that it constiiuted a fundamental article, without the adoption of which- the Union could not have been formed. Its true design was to guard against the doctrines and principles prevalent in the rfon~slaveholding states, by,preveniing them from Intermedding with, or obstructing, Dr abolishing the rights of the owners of slaves.
By the general law of nations, nonation is bound to recognise the state of slavery, as to-foreign slaves found within its teritorial dominions, when, it is in. opposition .to its own policy.and institutions, in.favour of the subjects of other niations where S1a'veYyr is recognised. If it does it, it is as a matterof comity, and not as a matter of international right The state of. slavery: is, deemed to be a liere municipal regulation, founded upon and iniited to the rdnge-ofthe territoriallaw- This wa fullyrecognised in Somerset's

SUPREMe. COURT.
[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylv.ans]
Case, Loftt's Rep. 1; S. C., 11 State Trials by Harg. 240; S. C., 20 Howell's State Trials, 79; which was decided before the Am-e rican revolution. It is manifest from this consideration, that if 'the Constitution had not contained this clause;. every non-slaveholding, state in the Unidn would.hMve been at liberty to have 'declared free all runaway slaves~coming within its limits, and to have giyen them entire, immunity and prQtection against the claims of Their masters; a course which would have created the most bittbr *animosities, and engendered perpetual strife -between the different states. The clause was, therefore, of the last import'ance-to the safety and security of the southern states; and could not have been surrendered by them without epdangering their *hole property in siaves. The clause was -accordingly adopted into the C6nstitution by the unanimous- con-ent of the framers of'ft ; a proof at once of its intrinsic and practical. necessity.
,How, then, are we to interpret the'language ,of the clause? The true answer -is in such a manner, as,-consistently with the Words;shall fully and completely effectuate the whole objects of it. If by one mode of'interpretation the right must become shadowy and unsubstantial, and without any remedial power adequate to the end; 'anal by another mode it will attain its just end and secure its manifest purpose; it would seem, upoli principles of reasoning, absolutely irresistible, that the. latter ought to prevail:
No Court of justice can be authorized, so to, construe any clause of the Constitution as to defeat its -obvious ends, wben another .construction, equally accordant with the .words and sense thereof, will enforce anct protect them.
The clause mailifestly contemplates the existence of a positive, unqualified right on the part of the owner of the lave, which no state law"or regulation can in any way qualify, regulate, control, or restrain. The slave is .not to be discharged from service or labour, il consequence of any state law or regulation. Now, certainly, without indulging in any ificety of criticism upon words, it may-fairly and reasonably.be said, that any state laW or state iegulation, whicfl interruptsi limit ,.delays, or. postpones the right of -the owner to the jmruediate possession-'of theu slave, and the immediate command -of, his service and labour, operates, pro tanfo,,a'discharge of the slave therefr6m, The question can-never be, how much'.the slave is -discharged'from; but whether he is

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

613

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

discharged from any, by the natural or necessary operation of state laws or state regulations. The question is not one of quantity or degree, but of withholding, or controlling the incidents of *apositive and absolute right.
We have said that the clause contains a positive and unqualified recognitiol of the right of the owner in the slave, unaffected by any state law or regulation whatsoever, because there is no qualification or restriction "ofit to be found therein.; and we have no right to insert any which is not. expressed, and cannot be fairly implied; especially are we estopped from so doing, when the clause puts the right to the service or labour upon the same ground arid to the same extent in every other state as in the state from which the slave escaped, and in which he was held 'to the service or labour. If this be so, then all the incidents to that right attach also; the owner must, therefore, have the right to seize and repossess the slave, which the local laws of his own state confer upon, him as property ; and we all know thaf this right of seizure and redaption is universally acknowledged in all the slaveholding states. Indeed, this is no more than a mere affirmance of the principles of the common law applicable to this very subject. Mr. Justice Blackstone (3 Bl. Comm. 4) lays it down as unquestionable doctrine. "Recaption or reprisal (says he.) .is another species of remedy, b r the mere act of the party ,injured. This happens when any one hath deprived anothe of his property in goods or chattels -personal; or wrongfully detains ones wife, child, or servant; in which case the 'owner of the
goods, and the husband, parent, or master may lawfully claini and retake them, wherever he happens to find them, so it be not in a riotous manner, or attended with a breach of the peace2.
Upon this ground we have not the slightest hesitation in holding, that, under and invirtue of the Constitution, the owner of a slave is clothed with entire authority, in, every state in the Union, to seize hnd recapture.his slave, whenever he can do it without any breach of the peace, or any illega. violence. In this sense, and to this extent,this clause of the Constitution may properly be said to execute itself; and to require no aid from legislation, state or national.
Bu.the,clause of the 4onstitution does not stop here; nor indeed, consistently with its professed objects, could it do so. MIany
VOL. XVI.-3 F

614

SUPREME COUPT.

[Pxigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]
cases must arise in.which, if the remedy of the owner were confi.ed to the mere right of seizure and recaption, he would be utterly without any adequate redress. He may not be able to Jay his.hands upon the slave. He may not be able to enforce his rights against persons who either secrete or conceal, or withhold the slave. He may be restricted by local legislation as to the mode of proofs of his ownership; as to the Courts in which he shall sue, and as to the actions which he may bring; or the process he may use to compel the delivery of the slave. Nay, the local legislation may be utterly inadequate to furnish the appropriate redress, by authorizing no process in rem, or no specific mode of repossessing the slave, leaving the owner, at best, not that right which the Constitution designed to secure-a specific delivery and repossession of the slave, but a mere remedy in damages; and that perhaps against persons utterly insolvent or worthless. The state legislation may be entirely silent on the whole subje.et, and its ordinary remedial process framed with different views and objects; and this may be innocently as well as designedly done, since every state is perfectly competent, and has the exclusive right to prescribe the remedies in its own judicial tribunals, to imifthe time as well as the mode of redress, and to deny jurisdiction over cases, which its own policy and its own institutions either prohibit or discountenance.
If, therefore, the clause of the Constitution had stopped at tlle mere recognition of the right, without providing or contemplating any means by which it might be established and enforced in cases where it did not execte itself, it is plain that it would have, in a great variety of cases, a delusive and empty annunciation. If it did not contemplate any action either through state or national ,legislatiori, as auxiliaries to its more perfect enforcement in the form of remedy, or of protection, then, as there would be no duty on either to aid the right, it would be left to the mere comity of the states to act as they should please;-and would depend for its security upon the changing course of public opinion, the mutations of public policy, and the general 'adaptations of remedies for purposes strictly according to the lex fori.
And this leads us to the consideration of the other part of the clause, Which implies at once a guaranty and duty. It says, "But he (the slave) shall be delivered up on claim of the party to

JANUARY TERM', 1842.

615

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania:]

whom such service or labour may be due." Now, we think it dxceeding!y difficult, if not impracticable, to read this language and not to feel that it contemplated some. farther remedial redress than that which might be administered at the hands of the owner himself. A claim is to be.made. What is a claim? Itis, in a just juridical sense, a demand of some matter as of right made by one person upon another,. to do or to forbear to do some act or thing as a matter of duty. A mote limited, but at the same time an equally expressive definition was given by Lord Dyer, as cited in Stowell v. Zouch, Plowden, 359; and it is equally applicable to the present case:. that "a claim is a challenge by a man of the propriety or ownership of a thing, which he has not in possession, but which is wrongfully detained from him." The slave is to be delivered ijp on the claim. By whom to be delivered up ? In what niode to be delivered up? How, if a refusal takes place, is the right of delivery to be enforced? Upon what proofs? What shall be the evidence of a rightful recaption or delivery?When and under what circumstances shall tlie possession of the owner, after it is obtained, be conclusive of his right, sO as to preclude any further inquiry or examination into it by local. tribunals'or otherwise, while the slave, in possession of the owner, is in transitu to the state from which he fled?
These, and many other questions, will readily occur, upon the slightest attention to the clause; and it is obvious that they can receive but one satisfactory -answer. They require the aid of legislation to protect the right, to enforce'the delivery, and to secure the .subsequent possession of the slave. If, indeed, the Constitution guarantees, the right, and if it requires the delivery upon the claim of the owner, (as canfiot well be doubted,) the natural inference certainly is, that -the national government is clothed with the appropriate authority and functions to enforce it. The fundamental principle applicable to all cases of this sort, would seem to be, that where the end is required, the means are. given; and where the duty is enjoined, the. ability to perform it is conteniplated to exist on the part of the functionaries to whom it is entrusted. The clause is found in the national Constitution, and not in that of any state. It does not point out any state functionaries, torany state action to carry its provisions into effect.
The states cannot, therefore, be compelled to enforce them; and

616 -

SUPREME COURT.

[Prigg v.-The Commonwealth of Pennsylvbna.

it might well be deemed an unconstitutional exercise of the power of interpretation, to insist that the states are bound to provide means to carry into effect the duties of me national government, nowhere 'delegated or intrusted to them by the Constitution. On the contrary, the natural, if, not the necessary conclusion is, that the national government,,in the absence of all positive provisions to the contrary, is bound, through its own proper departments, legislative; judicial, or executivp, as the case may require, to carry into effect all the rights and duties imposed upon it by the Constitution. The remark of Mr. Madison, in the Federalist, (No. 43,) would seem in such cases to apply with peculiar force. "A right (says he) implies a remedy; and where else would the remedy be deposited, than where it is deposited by the Constitution?" meaning, as'the context shows, in the government of the United States.
It is plain, then, that where a claim is made by the owner, out of possession, for the delivery of a slave, it must be made, if at all, against some other person; and inasmuch ,as the right is a right of property capable of being recognised and asserted by proceedings before a Court of justice,'between parties adverse to each other, it colistitutes, in the strictest sense, a controversy'between the parties, and a case "hrising under the Constitution" of tho United States; within the express delegation-of judicial power given by that -instrument. Congress, then, may call that power into activity for the very purpose of giying effect to that right; and if so, then it may prescibe the mode and extent in which it shall be applied, and how, axd under what circumstances the proceedings shall 'afford a complete protection and guaranty to the right.
Congress has taken this very view of the power and duty of the national government. As early as the.pyear 1791, the attention of Congress was drawn to it, (as we shall hereafter more fully see,) in consequence of some practical difkulties arising under the other clause, respecting fugitives from justice escaping into other states. The result of their deliberations, was the passage of the act of the 12th of February, 1793, ch. 51, (7,) which, after having, in the first and second sections, provided for the case of fugitives from justice by a demand to be made of the delivery through the executive authority of the state where they are 'found.,

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

".617

[Prigiv. The Commonwealth of PeniyIvania.]

proceeds, in the third sectioin, to ptovidq, thatwhen a person herd

to labour or service in any of the United $tates, shall escape into

any other-of the states or territories; the person to whom such

'labour or service may be due, his agent or attorney, is hereby em-

powered to seize or arrest stch fugitive from labour, and take

him or her before any judge of the Circuit or l)istrbit Coihrts of the

United States, residing or being within .the sthte, oi before any

magistrate of a county, city, or town corporate, wherein "such

seizure or arrest shall be made; .and upoii proof to the satisdffition

of such judge or magistrate, either-by'oral evidence or affidavit,

&c., that the person so seized or arrested, doth, under the laws of

the state or territory from which -he or she :fled, owe service or

labour to the person claiming him or her, it shall be the duty of

such judge or magistrate, to give acert"fitte thereof .to such

claimant) his agent orattoriey, which shall ba sufficient .warnnt

for removing the said fugitive from labour,.to the state oi territory

from which he-or she fled, The fdurth section provides a penalty

against any person who shall knowingly and willingly obstruct,

or hinder such claimant, his 'agexit, or. attorney, in so seizing or

arresting such fugitive froni labour, or rescue such fugitive from

.the claimant, or his -agent, or attorney when"so arrested, or who shall harbour or conceal such fugitive after notice that he is such;

and it also saves to the parson clainiing such labour or service,

his right of action for'or on account of such injuries.

In a general !ense, this act may b6 truly said to coverthe whole

ground of the Constitution, both 's to fugitives from justiceand

fugitive slaves;, that is, it covers both the subjectsi in its enact-

meits; not because it exhausts the remedies which may be ap:.

plied by Congress, to enfoice the rights, if the provisions of the

act shall in practice be fouid not to-attain the object of the Con-.

stitution; but because it points out fully all the modes-of attain-

ing those objects, which CongresS, in their discretion, have as yet

deemed expedient or proper to meet the exigencies of the Consti-

tution. If this be so, then it would seem, upon just principles of

construction, that the legislation of, Congress, if coxistitutional,

must supersede all state legislation upon the same, subject; and by

necessaty implication prohibit it. For if Congress hare a consti-

tutional power to regulate a particular subject, and they do actu-

ally regulate it in a given manner, and in a certain form,.it cannot

3 2

78

618

SUPREME COURT.

[Prigg v. The Comronwealth of Pemwyani.]

be that the state legislatures have a right to interfere; and, as it were, by way of complement to the legislation Qf Congress, to prescribe additional xegulations, and what they may deem auxi-
liary provisions for the same purpose. In such a case, the legislation of Congress, in' what it does prescribe, manifestly indicates that it does not intend that there shall be any farther legislation to act upon the subject-matter. Its silence as to what it does not do, is as expressive of what its intention is as the direct provisions
made by it. This doctrine was fully recognised by this Court, in the case of Houston v. Moore, 5 Wheat. Rep. 1, 21,22; where it was expressly held, -thatwhere Congress have exercised a power over a particular subject given them by the Constitution, it is not competent for state legislation to add to the provisions of Congress upon thatsubject; for that the will of Congress upon the wh6le subject is as clearly established by what it had not declared, as by what .it has expressed.
But it has been argued, that the act of Congress is unconstitutional, because it does not fall within the scope of any of the enumerated powers of legislation confided to that body ;.and therefor& it is void. Stripped 6f its ,artificial and technical structure, the argument comes to this, that although rights, are exclusively secured by, or duties are exclusively imposed upon the national government, yet, unless the power to enforce these rights, or to execute these duties cah he found among the express powers of legislation enumerated in the Constitution, they remain without any means of giving them effect by any act of Congress; and they must operate solely proprio vigore, however defective may be their operation; nay, even although, in a practical sense, they may become a'nullity from the want of a proper remedy to enforce them, or to provide against their violation. If this be the true interpretation of the Constitution, it must, in a great measure, fail ?o attain many of its avowed and positive objects as a security of rights, and a recognition of duties. Such a limited construction of the Constitution has never yet been adopted as correct, either'in theory or practice. No one has ever supposed that Congress could, constitutionally, by its legislation, exercise powers, or enact laws beyond the powers delegated to it by the Constitution; but it has, on various occasions, exercised powers which were necessary and proper -as means to carry into effect rights expressly

JANUARY TERM; 1842.

619

[Prn v.The Comrhonwealh of Pennlwvmii.']

given, and uuties expressly enjoined thereby. The end being required, it has been deemed a just and necessary implication; that the means to accomplish it are given also; or, in other words, that the power flows as a necessary means to accomplish the end.
Thus, for example, although the Constitution has declared that representatives shall be apportioned among the states according to their respective federal numbers; ana, for this purpose, it has
expressly authorized Congress, by law, to provide for an enumeration of the population every ten years; yet the power, to apportion representatives after this enumeration is made, is nowhere found among the express powers given to Congress, but it' has always beer Acted upon as irresistibly flowing from the duty positively enjoined by the Constitution. Treaties made between the United States and foreign powers, often contain special provisions, which do'not execute themselves, but require the interpo-. sition of Congress to -carry them into effect; and Congress has constantly, in such cases, legislated on the subject; yet, although the power is given to the executive, with the consent of the senate, to make treaties, the power is nowhere in positive .term conferred upon Congress to make laws to carry the stipulations of treaties into effect. It has been supposed to result from the duty of the national government to fulfil all the obligations of treaties. The senators and representatives in Congress are, in. all cases, except treason, felony, and breach of the peace, exempted from arrest during their attendance at the sessions thereof, and in going to and returning from the same. May not Congress enforce this right by authorizing a writ of habeas corpus, to free them from an illegal arrest in violation of this clause of the Constitution? If it may not, then the specific remedy to enforce it must exclusively depend upon the local legislation of the states; and may be granted or-refused according to their own varying poliky, or pleasure. The Constitution also declares that the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall not be siispended, unless, when in cases of rebellion or invasion, the public safety may require it. No.express power 'is given to Congress to secure this invaluable right in the non-enumerated caseg, er to suspend the writ in cases of rebellib'nor invasion. And yet it would'be difficult to say, since this great writ of liberty is usually provided
for by the ordinary functions of legislation, and can be effectually

620

SUPREME COURT.

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

provided for only in this way, thatit ought not to be deemed by necessary implication withini the scope of the legislative power of Congress.
These cases are put merely by way of illustration, to show that the rule of interpretation, insisted upon at the argument, is quite too narrow to provide for the odinary exigencies of the national government, in -cases where rights are intended to be absolutely secured, and duties are positively, enjoined by the Constitution.
The very act of 1793, now under consideration, affords the,
most conclusive proof that Congress has acied upon a very. different rule, of interpretation, and has supposed that the right as well as the dutyof legislation on the subjectof fugitives from justice, and fugitive slaves was within the scope of the constitutional authority conferred on the. national legislature. In respect to fugitives from justice, the Constitution, although it expressly provides that the demand shall be made by the executive authority of the state from which the fugitive has. fled, is silent as to the party upon whom the demand is to be made, and as to the mode in which it shall be made. This very silence occasioned embarrasments in enforcing the right -and duty at an early period after the adoption of the Constitution ; and produced a hesitation on the part of the executive authority of Virginia to deliver up a fugil tive from justice, upon the demand of the executive of Pennsylvania, in the year 1791 ; and as we historically know from the message of President Washington and the public documents of that period, it was the immediate cause of the passing of the act of 1793; which designated the persol (the state executive) upon whom the demand should be made, and the mode and proofs upon and in which it should be made. From that time down to the present hour, not a doubt has been breathed upon the constitutionality of this part of the act;,and every executive in the Union has constantly acted upofi and admitted its validity. Yet the right and the duty are dependent, as to their mode of execution, solely on the act of Congress; -and but for that, they would remain a nominal 'ight and passive duty; the execution of which being intrusted to and required of no one in particular, all persons might be at liberty to disregard it. This very acquiescence, under such circumstances, of the highest state functionaries, is a most decisive proof of the universality of the opinion that the

JANUARY TERM, '1842.

62.1

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvana]

act is foundect in a just construction of the Constitution; independent of the vast influence which it ought to have as a contemporaneous exposition, of the provisions, by those who were its
immediate framers, or intimately connected with its adoptioi. The same uniformity of acquiiscence in the validity of the act
of 1793, upon the other part of the subject-matter, -that of fugitive slaves, has prevailed throughout the whole Union until
a comparatively recent period. Nay; being from its nature and character more readily susceptible of being brought into controversy, in Courts of justice, than the former, and of enlisting in opposition to it the feelings, and it maybe the prejudices of some portions of the non~slaveholding states; it has naturally been brought under adjudication in. several states in the Union, and particularly in Massachusetts, New York, and Pennsylvania, and on all these ocdasions its validity has been -afflrmed. The cases cited at the Iar, of Wright v. Deacon, 5 Serg. and Rawle, 62 ; Glen V.Hodges, 9.Johns. Rep. 67; Jack v. Martin, 12 Wend. Rep. 311 ; S. C., 12 Wend. Rep. 507; and Com. v. Grifiin,2 Pick. Rep. 11; are directly in point. So far as. the judges of the Courts of the United States have been called upon to. enforce it, and to grant the certificate required by iti it is believed. that it has been uniformly recognised as a binding and valid law; and as imposing a constitutional duty. Under such circumstances, if the question were one of .doubtful construction, such* long acquiescence in it, such contemporaneous expositions of it, and such extensive and uniform recognition' of its validity, would in our judgment entitle the question to be considered 4t rest; unless indeed the interpretation of the Constitution is to be delivered over to interminable doubt throughout the whole progress of legislation, and of national operations. Congress, the executive, and the judiciary have, upon various occasions, acted upon this as a sound and reasonable doctrine. Especially did this Court in the cases of Stuart v. Laird, 1 Cranch Rep. 299; and Martin v. Hunter, I Wheat. Rep. 304; and in Cohen v. The Commonwealth of Virginia, 6 Wheat. Rep. 264; rely. upon contemporaneous expositions of the Constitution, and long acquiescence in it, with great confidence, in the discussion of questions of a highly interesting and important nature.
But we do not wish to rest our present opinion upon the ground

SUPREME COURT.
[Prigg v,The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]
either of contemporaneous exposition, or long acquiescence, or even practical actioni neither do we mean to admit the question to be of a dotbtful nature, and therefore as properly calling for the aid of such considerations. On the contrary, our judgment would be the same if the question were entirely new, and the act of Congress were of recent enactment. We hold the act to be clearly constitutional in all its leading provisions, and, indeed, With the exception of that part which confers authority upon state magistrates, to be free from reasonable doubt and difficulty, upon the grounds already stated. As to the authority so conferred upon state magistrates, while a differehce of opinion has existed, and may exist still on the point, in different states, whether state magistrates are bound to act under it; none is entertained by thi Court that state magistrates may, if they choose, exercise thatauthority, unless prohibited by state legislation.
The remaining question is, whether the power of legislation upon this subject is exclusive in the national government or cdncurrent in the states, until it is exercised by Congress. In our opinion it is exclusive; and we shall now proceed briefly to state our reasons for that opinion. The doctrine stated by this Court, in Sturgis v. Crowninshield, 4 Wheat. Rep. 122, 193, conltains the true, although not the sole rule or consideration, which is applicable to this particular subject. " Wherever,' said Mr. Chief Justice Marshall, in delivering the opinion of the Court, " the terms in which a power is granted to Congress, or the nature Of the power require that it should be exercised exclusively by Congress, the subject is as completely taken from the state legislatures, as if they had been forbidden to act." The nature of the power, and the true objects to be attained by it, are then as important to be weighed, in considering the question of its exclusiveness, as the words in which it is granted.
In the first place, it is material to state, (what has been already incidentally hinted at,) that the right to seize and retake fugitive slaves, and the duty to deliver them up, in whatever state of the Union they may be found, and of course the corresponding power in Congress to use the appropriate meafis to enforce the right and duty, derive their whole validity and obligation exclusively from the Constitution of the United States; and are there, for the first time, recognised and established in that peculiar cha-

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

623

[Pzigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

racter. Before the adoption of the Constitution, no state had any power whatsoever over the subject, except within its own territorial limits, and could not bind the sovereignty or the legislation of other states. Whenever the right was acknowledged or the duty enforced in any state, it was as a matter of comity and favour, and not as a matter of strict moral, political, or international obligation or duty. Under the Constitution it is recognised as an absolute, positive, right and duty,- pervading -the whole Union with an equal and supreme force, uncontrolled and uncontrollable by state sovereignty or state legislation. It is, therefore, in a just sense a new and positive right, independent of comity, confined to no. territorial limits, and bounded by no state institutions or policy. The natural inference deduciblefrom .this consideration certainly is, in the absence of any positive delegation of power to the state legislatures, that it belongs to the legislative department of the national government, to which it owes its origin and establishment. It would be a strange anomaly, and forced construction, to suppose that the national government meant to rely for the due fulfilment of its own proper duties and the rights which it intended to secure, upon state legislation; and not upon that of the Unibn.. A fortiori, it would be more objectionable to suppose that a power, which was to be the. same 'throughout the, Unioniyhould be confided to state sovereignty, which cald not tightfully.act beyond its -own territorial limits.
In the next.:place, the nature of the provision arid the objects to be attained: by it, require that it should be controlled by one and the same will, and act uniformly by the same system of regulations throughqut the Union. If, then, the states have a right, in tile absence Of legislation by Congress, to act'upon the subject, each state is at liberty to prescribe just such regulations as suit its own policy, local corvenience, and local 'feelings. The legislation of one state may not only be different from, but utterly repugnant to and incompatible with that of another. The timg, and mode, and limitation of the remedy; the proofs of the title, and all other incidents applicable thereto, may be prescribed in one state, which are rejected or disclaimed in another. One state may require the owner to sue in one mode, another in a different mode. One state may make a statute of limitations as to the remedy, in its own tribunals, short and summary; andther

624

SUPREME COURT.

[Pgg v. Ths Commonwealth. of Penrsylvania.J

may prolong the period, and yet restrict the proofs: nay, some stktes may utterly refuse to act upon the subject at all; and others may refuse to open its Courts to any remedies in rem, because they would interfere with their own domestic policy, institutions, or habits. The right, therefore, would never, in a* practical sense be the same in all the states. It would have no unity. of purpose, or uniformity of operation. The duty might be enforced in some states; retarded, or limited in.others; and denied, as compulsory in nany, if not in all. Consequences like these must ,have been, foreseen as very likely to occur i the non-slaveholding states; where legislation, if not silent on the. subject, and purely voluntary, could scarcely be presumed to be favourable to the exercise of the rights of the owner.
Itis scarcely conceivable that the slaveholding states would have been satisfied with leaving to the legislation of the non-slaveholding states, a power of regulation, in the absence of that of Congress, which would or might practically amount to a power to destroy the rights of the owner. If the argument, therefore, of a concurrent power in the states to act upon the subject-matter ib the absence of legislation by Congressbe welffoUnded; then, if Congress had never acted at aU; or ifthe act of Congress should be repealed without providing a substitute, there would be a resulting authbrity in each of the states to regulate the whole subject at its pleasure; and to dole out its own remedial justice,or withhold it at its pleasure, -and according to its own views of policy and expediency Surety such a state of things never could have been intended, under such a solemn guarantee of right and duty. On the other hand, construe the right of legislation as exclusive in Congress, and every evil, and e-very danger vanishes. The right and the duty. are" then co-extensive and uniform in remedy and operation throughout the whole Union. The owner has the same security, and the same remedial justice, and the same exemption from state regulation and control, through. however many states he may pass with hig fugitive slave in his possession, in transitu, to his own domicile. But, upon the other supposition, tl e moment he passes the state line, he becomes amenable to the laws of another sovereignty, whose regulations may greatly embarrass or delay thb exercise of his rights; and even be repugnant to those of the state vlhere he first arrested the fugitive. Consequences like these show that

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

625

[Prigg v. The Coramonwealth.of Pnqlvania.]

the nature and objects of the provision imperiously require that

to make it effectual, it shouldbe construed to be exclusive of state

autho-ity. We ,adopt the language of this Court in Sturgis v.

Crowninshield, 4 .Wheat. Rep. 193, and say, that "it has never

been supposed that the wineuirent power of legislation extended

to every possible case in which its exercise by the states has not

been expressly. prohibited. The confusion .of such a practice

would be endless." And we know no case in which the confu-

sion and public inconvenience and mischiefs thereof. could be

more completely exemplified than the present.

These are some-df thd reasons, but by no means all, unon which

we hold the power of 'legislation on .this subject to be exclusive

in Congress. To guard, however, against any possible miscon-

struction of our views, it is proper to state, that we are by.no

-means to be understood in any manner whatsoever to doubt or to interfere with the police power belonging to the dtatei in virtue

of their general sovereignty. That police powerextends over all

subjects within the territorial limits of the states; and 'has' never

been conceded to the United States. It is wholly distinguishable

from the right and duty secured by the provision now under con-

sideration; which-is exclusively deiived from and secured by the

,Constitution of the United States, and owes its whole efficacy there-

to. We entertain no doubt whatsoever, that the states, in virtue

of their general police power, possess full jurisdiction to arrest and

restrain runaway slaves, and remove them from their borders, and

otherwise to secure themselves against their depredations and evil

example, as they certainly may do in cases of idlers;vagabonds,

and paupers. The rights of the owners of fugitive slaves are in

no just sense interfered with, or regulated by such a course; and

in many cases, the operations of this polide power, although d-

signed essentially for other purpoges, for the protection, safety and

peace of the state, may essentially promote a-d aid the interests

of the owners. But such regulations can never be permitted to

interfere with or to obstruct the just rights of the owner to reclairh

his slave, derived from the Constitution of the United States; or

with the remedies prescribed by'Congress to aid and enforce the

same.

Upon these grounds, we are of opinion that the act of Pennsyl-

vania upon which this indictment is founded, is unconstitutional

VOL. XVI.-3 G

79

626

SUPREME COURT

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennmlrania.)

and void. It purports to punish as a public offence against that state, the very act of seizing and removing a slave by his master,
which the Constitution of the United States was designed to justify and uphold. The special verdict finds this fact, and the State Courts have rendered judgment against the plaintiff in error upon that verdict. That judgment must, therefore, be reversed, and the cause remanded to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania; with directions to carry into effect the judgment of this Court rendered
upon the special verdict in favour of the plaintiff in error.

Mr. Chief Justice TAx-r.
I concur in the opinion pronounced by the Court, that the law of Pennsylvania, under which the plaintiff in error was indicted, is unconstitational and void; and that the judgment against him must be reversed. But as the questions before us arise upon the construction of the Constitution of the United States, and as I do not assent to all the principles contained in the opinion just delivered, it is proper to state the points on which I differ.
I agree entirely in all that is said in- relation to the right of the master, by virtue of the third clause of the'second section of the fourth article of the Constitution of the United States, to arrest his fugitive slave in any state wherein he may find him. He has a right; peaceably, to take possessioli of him and carry him a-way without any certificate or warrant from a judge of the District or Circuit Court of the United States, or from any magistrate of
the stat and Whoever resists or obstructs him, is a wrongdoer: and every state law-which proposes directly or indirectly to authorize such resistance or obstruction is null and void, and affords no justification to the individual or the officer of the state who acts under -it. This right of the master being given by the Constitution of the United States, neither Congress nor a state legislature can by any law or regulation impair it, or restrict it.
I concur also in all that is contained in the opinion concerning the power of Congress to protect the citizens of the slaveholding states, In-the enjoyment of this right; and to provide by law an effectual remedy to enforce it, and to inftict penalties upof those who shall violate its provisions; and no state is authorized to pass any law, that comes in conflict in any respect with the remedy provided by Congkess.

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

627

[Prig v. The C;mmonwealth of Pennsylvania.]
The act of February 12th,. 1793, is a constitutional exercise of this power; 'and every state law which requires the master, against his' consent, to go before any statd tribunal or officer, before he ean take possession of his property; or which authorizes a state officer to interfere with him, when he is peaceably removing it from the state, is unconstitutional and void.
But, as I understand the opinion of the Court, it goes further, and decides, that the power to provide a remedy for this right is vested exclusively in Congress; and that all laws upon the subject passed by a state, since the adoption of the Constitution of the United States, are null and void; even although they were intended, in good faith, to protect the owner in the exercise of his rights of property, and do not conflict in any degree with the act of Congress.
I do not consider this question as necessarily involved in'the case before us-;'for the' law of Pennsylvania, under which the plaintiff in error was prosecuted, Is clberly in 'conflict with.the Constitution of the United States, as well as with the law of 1793. But as the question is discussed in the opinion of the Court, and as I do not assent either to the doctrine or the reasoning by which it is maintained, I proeed to state very briefly my objections.
The opinion of the Court maintains that the power over this subject is so exclusively vested in Congress, that no state, since the adoption of the Constitutioir, can pass any law in relation to it. In other words, according tothe opinion just delivered,:the state authorities are prohibited from interfering for the purpose
of protecting the right of the master and aiding him in 'the recovery of his property. ' I think the states are not prohibited ;- and that, on the contrary, it is 'enjoineld upon them as R duty tW.prmtect and support -the owner when he is endeavouring to obtffn
possession of his property found within their respective terri-
tories.
- the language used in the Constitutibn does not, in my judgment, justiy the constructiom given to it by the Court. It contains no words prohibiting the several states from passing laws to
eniorce this rght. They are in express terms forbidden to make any regulation that shall impair it. 'But there the prohibition stops., And according to the settled rules of construction for ill
written instruments, the prohibition bjeifg confined to laws inju-

628

SUPREME COURT..

[Pr.v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

rious to the right, the power- to pass laws to support and enforce it, is necessarily implied.. And the words of-the article which direct that the fugitive "shall be delivered up ' seem evidently designe4 to impose it as a duty upon the people of the several states to pass laws to carry into execution, in good faith, the compact into -which they thus solemnly entered with each other. The Constitution of the United States, andevery article'and clause in it, is a part of the law of every state in the Union; and is the paramount law. The right of the master, therefore, to seize his fugitive slave, is the law of each state; and no state has the power'to abrogate or alter it. And why may not a state protect a right of property, acknowledged by its own paramount law? Besides, the laws of the different states, in all other cases9 constantly protect the citizens of other -states in their rights of property, when it is found within their respective tern tories  and no one doubts their power to do so. And in the absence of anyexpreos prohibitio, I perceive no reason for'establishing, by- implication, a different rule in this instance; where, bythe national
compact, this right of property is recognised as an existing right in every state of the Union.
I do not speak of slaves whom their masters voluntarily take into a non-slaveholding state. That case is not before us. I speak of the case provided for in the Constitution; that is to say, the case of a fugitive who:has escaped from the service of his owner, and who /has taken refuige and is found in another state. . Moreover, ihe clause of the Constitution of which we are speaking, does not purport to be a distribution of the rights of sovereignty by which certain -enumerated powers of government and legislation are exclusively contded to the United, States. -It does not deal with that subject. It provides merely for tile rights of individual citizens of different states, and places them under the protection of the general g6vernment; in order more effectually to guard them from invasion by the states. There are other clauses in the Constitution in which other individual rights are provided for and secured in like manner; and it never has been suggested that the, states could not uphold and maintain them, because they were guarantied by the Constitution of the United States. On the contrary, it has always been held to be the duty

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

629

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.].

of the states to enforce them; .and the action of the general government has never been deemed necessary except to resist and prevent their violation.
Thus, for example, the Constitution provides that no state shall pass any law impairing the obligation of contracts. This, like the right in question, is an individual right, placed under the protection of the general government. And in order to secure it, Congress have passed a law authorizing a writ of error to the Supreme Court, whenever the right thus secured-to the individual is drawn in question, and denied to him in a State Court. And all state laws impairing this right are admitted to be void. Yet no one has ever doubted that a state may pass laws to enforce the obligation of a contract, and may give to the individual the full benefit of the right so guarantied to him by the Constitution, without waiting for legislation on the part of Congress,
Why may not the same thing be done in relation to the individual right now under consideration?
Again. The Constitution of the United States declares that the citizens of each state shall be entitled to all the privileges and immunities of citizens in the'several states. And although these privileges and immunities, for greater safety, are placed under the guardianship of the general government; still the states may by
their laws and in their tribunals protect and enforce them. They have not only the power, buit it is a duty enjoined upon them by this provision in the Constitution.
The individual right now-in question, stands on the same grounds, and is given by similar words, and ought to be governed by the same principles. The obligation to protect rights of this description is imposed upon the several states as a duty which 'they are bound to perform; and the prohibition extends to those laws only which violate the right intended to be secured.
I cannot understand the rule of construction by which a positive and express stipulation for the security of certain individual. rights of property in th several states, is held to imply a profiibition to the states to pass-any laws to guard and protect them.
The course pursued by the general government after the adoption'of the Constitution, confirms my opiniori as to its true construction.
No-law was passed'by Congress to givb a'remeay.for this right, 3G2

630

SUPREME COURT.

[Prigg v. The Commoawealth of Pennsylvania.]

until nearly four years after-the Constitution went into operation. Yet, during that period of time, the master was undoubtedly entitled to take possession of his property wherever he might find it; -and the protection of this right was left altogether to the state authorities. In attempting to exercise it, he was continually liable to be resisted by superior force; or the fugitive might be harboured in the honse of some one who would refuse to deliver him. And if a state' could not authorize its officers, upon the master's application, to come to his aid, the guarranty contained in the ConstitutiorE was of very little practical value. It is true he might have sued for damages. But as he would, most commonly, be a stranger iii -the place where the fugitive was found, he might not be able to learn even the names of the wrongdoers; and if he succeeded in discoveiing them, they might prove to be unable to pay damages. At all events, he would be compeiled to encounter the costs and expensbs of a suit, prosecuted at a distance from his own home;- and to,sacrifice perhaps the value of his property in endeavouring to obtain compensation.
This is riot the mode in which the Constitution intended to guard this importait right; nor is this the kind of remedy it intended to give. The delivery of the property itself-its pronipt and immediate delivery-is plainly required, and was intended to. be secured.
Indeed, if the state authorities are absolved from all obligation to protect this right, and may stand by and sr- it violated without an effort to defend it, the act of Congress of 1793 scarcely deserves the name of a remedy. 'The sta t officers mentioned in the law are not bound-'to execute the duties imposed upon them by Congress, unless they chose to do so, or are required to do so by a law of the state; and the state legislature has the power, if it thinks proper, to prohibit them. The act of 1793, therefore, must depend altogether for its execution'upon the officers of the United States named in it. And the madter must-take tne fugitive, after he has seized him, before % judge of the District or Circuit Coutr,
residing in the state, and exhibit his proofs, and-procure from'the judge his certificate of ownership, in oraer to obtain the protection in removing his property which this act of Congress professes to give.
Now, in many of the states there "isbut one district judge, and

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

631

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

there are only nine states which have judges of the Supreme Court residing within them. The fugitive will frequently be found by his owner in a place very distant from the iesidence of either of these judges; and-would certainly be removed beyond his reacb, before a warrant could be. procured from the judge to arrest him, even if the act of Congress authorized such a warrant. But it does not authorize the judge to issue a warrant to arrest
the fugitive; but evidently relied on 'the state authorities to protect the owner in making the-seizure. And it is only when the fugitive is arrested and brought before the judge that he is directed to take the proof, and give the certificate of ownership. It is only nedessary to state the -provisions of this law in order to
show how ineffectual and delusive is the remedy provided by Congress, if state authority is forbidden to come to its aid.
But it is manifest from the face of the law, that an.effectual remedy was intended to be given by the act of 1793. It-never designed to compel the master to encounter the hazard and expense of taking the fugitive in all cases, to the distant residence of one of the judges of the Courts of the United States; for it authorized him, .also, to go before any magistrate of the,county, .city, or town corporate wherein the seizure should: be-made. And Congress evidently supposed that it had provided a tribunal at the placeof the arrest, capable of *furnishing the imnaste'r with the evidence of ownership to protect him more effectually from unlawful interruption. So far from regarding the state authorities as prohibited from interfering in cases of this description, the Congress of that day must have counted upon their cordi&l co-opera7tion. They legislated with express reference to state support. And it will be remembered, that when this law -was passed, the government of the United States was administered by the. men who had but recently taken a leading part in the formation of the Constitution. And the reliance obviously placed upon state authority for. the purpose of executing this law, proves that the con struction now given to the Constitution by the Court had not entered into their. minds. Certainly, it is not the construction which it received in the states most interested in its faithful execution. Maryland, for example, which is subsfantially one of the parties to this case, ha, continually passed. laws, ever since the adoption of the Constitution of the United States, for the arrest

632

SUPREME COURT.

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

of fugitive slaves from other states as well as her own. Her officers are by law required to arrest them when found within her territory; and her magistrates are required to commit.them to the public prison, in order to keep them safely until the master has an opportunity of reclaiming them. And if the owner is not known, measures are directed to be taken by advertisement to apprize him of the arrest; and if known, personal notice to be given. And as fugitives from the more southern states, when endeavouring to escape into Canada, very frequently pass through her territory, these laws have been almost daily in the course of execution in-some part of the state. But if the states are forbiddeir to legislate on this subject, and the power is exclusively in Congress, then these state laws are unconstitutional and void; and the fugitive can only be arrested, according to the provisions of the act of Congress. By that law the power to seize is given to no one but the owner, his agent, or attorney. And if the officers of the state are not justified in. cting under the state laws, and cannot arrest the fugitive, and detain him in prison without having frst received an authority froim the owner; the territory of the state must soon become an open pathway for the fugitives escaping from other states. For they are often in the act of passing through it by the time .that the owner first discovers that they have absconded; and in alimost every instance, they would be beyond its borders (if they were allowed to pass through without interruption) before the master would be able to learh the road they had taken.
I am aware that my brethren of the majority do not contemplate these c6nsequences; and do not suppose that the opinion they have given will lead to'them. And it seems to be supposed that laws nearly similar to those I have mentioned, might be passed by the state in the exercise of her powers over her ihternal police, and by virtue of her right to rem6ve from her territory disorderly and evil-disposed persons, or those who, from the nature of her institutions, are dangerous to her peace and tranquillity.' But it would be difficult' perhaps to"bring all the laws I have mentioned within the- legitimate scope of' the internal powers 6f police. - The fugitive is not always arrested in order to-prevent a dangerous or evil-disposed person from remaining in her territory. .. He is hiniself most commonly anxious td escape

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

633

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

from it; and it often happens that he is seized near. the borders of the state when he is endeavouring to leave it, and is brought back and detained until he can be delivered to his owner. He may sometimes be found travelling peaceably along the public highway on his road to another state, in company with and under the protection of a white man who is abetting his escape. And it could hardly.be maintained that the arrest and confinement of the fugitive in the public prison, under such circumstances, until he could be delivered to his owner, was necessary for the internal. peace of the state; and therefore a justifiable exercise of its powers of police.
It has not heretofore been supposed necessary, in order to 'justify these laws, to refer them to such questionable powers of internal ahd local police. They were believed to stand upon surer and firmer grounds. They were passed, not with reference merely to the safety and protection of the state itself; but in order to secure the, delivery of the fugitive slave to his lawful owner. They were passed by the state in the performance of a duty believed to be enjoined upon it by the Constitution of the United States.
It is true that Maryland as well as every other slaveholding state, has a deep interest in the faithful execution. of the clause in question. But the obligation of the compact is not confined to them. It is equally binding upon the faith of every itate in the Union; and has heretofore, in my judgment, been justly regarded as obligatory upon all. . I dissent therefore, upon these grounds, frorm that part of the
opinion of the Court which denies the obligation and the right of the state authorities to protect the master, when he is endeavouring to seize a fugitive from his service, in pursuance of the right given to him by the Constitution of the United States ;-provided the state law is not in conflict with the remedy provided by Congress.

Mr. Justice TromrsoN. I concur in the judgment given by the Court in this case. But not being able to yield my assent to all the doctrines embraced in the opinion, I will very briefly state the grounds on which my judgment is placed.

634

SUPREME COURT.

[Prigg t'. The Commonwealth of PennsyIvanig.1
The provision in the Constitution upon which the present question arises is as follows: " No. person held to service or labbur in one state, under the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall in consequence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged from such service or labour, but shall be delivered up on claim of the party to whom such service or labour may be due." Art. 4- sec. 2. We know, historically, that this provision was the result of a compromise between the slareholding and non- laveholding states; and it is the indispensable duty of all to carry it faithfully into executionaccording to its real object and intention.
This provision naturally divides itself into two distinct considerations. First, th right affirmed; and secondly, the mode and manner in which that right is to be asserted and carried into execution.
The right is secured by the ConstitutiQn, and requires no law to fortify or strengthen it. It affirms, in the most unequivocal manner, the right of the master to the service of his slave, ac-, cording to-the laws of the state under which he is so held. And it prohibits the states from discharging the slave from such service by any law or regulation therein.
The second branch of the provision, in my judgment, requires legislative regulations pointing out the mode and manner in which the right is to be asserted. It contemplates the delivery of the person of the slave to the owner; and does not leave the owner to his ordinary remedy at law, to recover damages on a refusal to deliver up the property of the owner. Legislative provision, in this respect, is,essential for the purpose of preserving peace and good order in the community. Such cases, in some
parts of our country, are calculated to excite feelings which, if not restrained by law, might lead to riots and breaches of the peace. This legislation, I think, belongs more appropriately to Congress than to the-states, for the purpose of having the regulation uniform throughout the United States, as the transporta'tion of the slave may be through several states; but there is nothing in the subject-matter that renders state legislation unfit. It is no objection to the right of the states to pass laws on the subject, that there is no power anywhere given to compel them to do it. Neither is there to compel Congress to pass any law

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

6'35

[Prigg v.The Commonwealth of PennsyIvania.

on the subject. The legislation must be voluntary in both; ana governed bya sense of duty. But Icannot concur in thatpart of the opinion of the.Court, which asserts that the power of legisla.tidn by Congress is exclusive and that no state can pass.any law to carry into effect the constitutional provision on this subject; although Congress had passed no law in relation to it. Congress, by the act of 1793, has legislated on the subject; and any state law in conflict with that, would be void, according to the jirovisions of the Constitution, which declares, that the laws of the United States, which shall be made in pursuance of the Constitution, shall be the supreme law of the land, any thing in the laws of any state to the contrary notwithstanding. This provision meets the case of a conflict between congressional and state legislation; and implies that such cases may exist, growing out of the concurrent powers of the two governments. The provision in the Constitution under consideration, is one under which such conflicting legislation mayarise; and harmony is produced by making the state law yield to that of the United States. But to assert that the states cannot legislate on the subject at all, in the absence of all legislation by Congress, is, in my judgment, not warranted by any fair and reasonable construction of the provision. -There is certainly nothing in the terms used in this article, or in the nature of the power to surrender the slave, that makes legislation by Congress exclusive. And if, as seems to be admitted, legislatio is necessary to carry into effect the object of the Constitution, what becomes of the. right vhere there is no law on the subject? Should Congress repeal the law of 1793, and pass no other law on the subject, I can entertain no doubt that state legislation, for the purpose of restoringthe slave to his master, and faithfully to carry into execution the provision of the Constitution, would be valid. I can see nothing in the provision itself, or discover any principle of sound public policy, upon which such a law would be declared unconstitutional and void. The Constitution protects the master in the right to the possession and service of. his slave, and of course makes void all state legislation impairing that right; but does not make void state legislation in affirmance of the right. I forbear enlarging upon this question,but havebarely stated the general grounds uponwhich my opinion rests; and principallyto guard against the conclusion, that,

SUPREME COURT.
[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]
by my silence, I assent to the doctrine that all legislation on this subject is vested exclusively in Congress; and that all state legislation, in the absence of any law of Congress, is unconstitutional and void.
Mr. JuStice BALDWI, Concurred with the Court in reversing the judgment of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, on the ground that the act of the legislature was unconstitutional; inasmuch as the slavery of the person 'removed was admitted, the removal could not be kidnapping.. But he dissented from the principles laid down by the Courtas the grounds of their ophfion.
Mr. Justice WAYNEr. I concur altogether in the opinion of the Court, as it has been given by my brother Story. Ini that opinion it is decided: 1. That the provision-in the second section of the-fourth article of the Constitution, relative to fugitives from service or labour, confers upon the owner of ' fugitive slave the right, by himself or his agent, to seize and arrest, without committing a breach of the peace, his fugitive slave, as property, in any state of the Union; and that no state law' is constitutional which interferes with such right. 2. That the provision authorizes and requires legislation by Congress to guard that right of seizure and arrest against all state .and. other interference, to make the delivery of fugitive slaves more effectual when the claims of owners are contested; and to insure to owners the unmolested transportation of fugitive slaves, through any of the states, to the state from which they may have fled. 3. That the legislation by Congress upon the provision, as the supreme law of the land, excludes all state legislation upon the same subject; and that no state can pass any law or regulation, or interpose such as may have been a law or regulation when the Constitution of the United States was ratified, to superadd to, control, qualify, or impede a remedy, enacted by Congress, for the delivery of fugitive slaves to the parties to whom their service or labour is due.

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

637

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.)
4. That the power of legislation by Congress upon the provision is exclusive; and that no state can pass any law as a remedy upon the subject, whether Congress had or had not legislated upon it.
5. That the act of Congress of the 12th February, 1793, entitled "An act, respecting fugitives from justice, and persons escaping from the servrice of their masters," gives a remedy; but does not exhaust the remedies, which Congress may legislate upon the subject.
6. That the points so decided are not intended to interfere in any way, nor do they interfere in any manner, with the police power in the states, to arrest and imprison fugitive slaves, to guard against their misconduct and depredations; or to punish them for offences and crimes committed in the states to which ihey may have fled.
7. These points being so decided and applied to the case before the Court, it follows that the law of Pennsylvania, upon which the plaintiff is indicted is unconstitutional; and that the judgment given by the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania against the plaintiff must be reversed.
All of the judges of 'the Court concur in the opinion that the law under which the plaintiff in error was indicted is unconstitutional. All of them concur, also, in the declaration, that the provision in the Constitution was a compromise between the slaveholding, and the non-slaveholding. states, to secure to the former fugitive slaves as property. All of the members of the Court, too, except my brother Baldwin, concur in the opinion that legislation by Congress, to carry the provision into execution, is constitutional ; and he contpncs that the -provision gives to the owners of ffigitive slaves all the rights of seizure and removal which legislation could give; but he concurs in the opinion, if legislation by Congress be necessary, that the right to legislate is exclusively in Congress.
There is no difference, then, among the judges as to the reversal of the judgment; none in respect to the origih and object of the provision, or the obligation to exercise it. But differences do exist as to the mode of execution. Three of the judges have expressed the opinion, that the states may legislate upon the provision, in aid of the object it was intended to secure; and that
VOL. XVI.-3 H

6S8

SUPREME COURT.

(Prigg v. The Commonwealth of PenrsylvankJ

such legislation' is constitutional, when it does not conflict with the remedy which Congress may enact.
I believe that the power to legislate upon the provision is exclusively in Congress.
The provigion is; that " No person held to service or labour in one state, under the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in consequdnce of anylaw'ok regulation thereiirbe discharged from such service or labour, but shall be delivered up on claim of the party to whom such service or labour is due."
The clause contains four substantive declarations; or two conditidns, a prohibition, and a direction.
First, The fugitive must owe service or labour under the law of the state from which he has esbaped; second, he must have fled from it. The prohibition is, that he cannot be discharged from service, in conseqnence of any law or regulation of the state in which he may be' and the direction is affirmative of an obligation upon the states, and declarative of a right in the party to
whom the service or labour of a fugitive is due. My object, andthe only object which I have in view, in what
I am about to say, is, to establish the position that Congress has the exclusive right t6 legislate upon this provision of the Constitution. I shall endeavour to prove it by the condition 'of the states when the Constitution was formed; by references to -the provision itself; and to the Constitution generally.
Let it be remembered, that the conventioners who formed the Constitution, were the representatives of equal sovereignties. That they were assembled to form q.more perfect union than then existed between the states under the confederacy. That they cooperated to the same end; but that they were divided into two parties, having antagonist interests in respect to slavery.
One of these parties, consisting of several states, required as a condition, upon which any constitution should be presented to the states for ratification, a full and perfect security for their slaves as property, when they fled into any of the states of the Union. The fact is not more plainly stated by me than it was put in the convention. The representatives from' the non-slaveholding states assented to the condition. The provision unaer review was proposed and adopted by the unanimous vote of the convention It, with an allowance of a certain poition of slaves with

JANUARY TERM, 1842

639

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvmm.j
the xhites, for representative population in-Congress, and the importation of slaves from abroad, for a number of years; "were the great obstacles in the way of forming a constitution. Each of them was equally insisted upon by the representatives from the slaveholding states; and without all of them being provided for, it was well understood, that the convention would have been dissolved, without a constitution being formed. I mention the facts as they were. They cannot be denied. I have nothing to do, judicially, with what a part of the world may think of the attitude. of the different parties upon this interesting topic. I am satisfied with what was done; and revere the men' and their motives for insisting, politically, upon what was done. When the three points relating to slaves bad been accomplished, every impediment in the way of, forming a constitution was removed. The agreement concerning them was called, in the convention, a compromise. The provicion in respect to fugitives from service or labour, was called a guarantee of a right of property in fugitive slaves, wherever they might be found in the Union. The Constitution was r, esented to the states for adoption, with the understanding that the provisions in it relating to slaves were a compromise and guarantee ; and with such an understanding in every state, it was adopted by all of them. Not a "guarantee merelv. in the professional acceptation of the word, but a great nation engagement, in which the states surrendered 'a sovereign right, making it a part of that instrument, which was intended to make them one nation, within the sphere of its action. The provision,
then, must be interpreted by those rules of construction assented to by all civilfzed nations, as obligatory in ascertaining the rights growing out of these agreements. We shall see, directly, how these rules bear up'on the question of the power of legislation upon this subject being exclusively in Congress; and why the states are excluded from legislating upon it.
The prohibition ppon the states to LsciiargQ fugitive slaves is absolute.
The provision, however, does not contain, in detail, the manner of asserting the right-it was meant to secure. .Nor is there in it any expressed power of legislation; nor any expressed'prohibition of state legislation. But it does providn, that-delivery of a fugitive shall be made on the claim of the owner-that the fugi-

SUPREME COURT.
. [Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.)
tive slave owing service and labour in the state from which he fled, and escaping therefrom, shall be decisive of the owner's right to a delivery. It does not, however, provide the mode of proving that service and labour is due in a contested case, nor for any such evidence of the right, when- it has been established, as will insure to an owner the unmolested transportation of the fugitive, through other states, to the state from which he fled. But the right to convey is the necessary consequence of a right to delivery. The latter would be good for nothing without the former. Proof of ownership'gives both, if it gives either or any thing; and yet the right might be in the larger number of instances unavailing, if it were not certified by some official document, that -the right had been established. A certificate from an officer authorized to inquire into the facts, is the easiest way to secure the right to its contemplated intent. " It was foreseen that claims would be made, which would be contested, Some tribunal was necessary to decide them, and to authenticate the fact that a claim had been established. Without such authentication, the contest might be renewed in other tribunals of the state in which the fact had been established; and-in those of the other states through which the fugitive might be carried on his way to the state from which he fled. Such a certificate too, being required, protects persons who are not fugitives from being seized and transported. It has the effect of securing the benefit of a lawful claim; and of preventing the accomplishment of one that is false. Such a certificate, to give a right to transport a fugitive slave through another state, a state cannot give. Its operation would be confined to its own boundaries; and would be useless to assert the right in another sovereignty. 'this analysis of the provision is given to show that legislation was contemplated to carry it fully into effect, in many of the cases that might occur; and to prevent its abuse when attempts might be made to apply it to those who were not fugitives. And it brings me to the point I have asserted, that Congress has the exclusive right to legislate upon the provision.
Those who contend that the states may legislate in aid of the object of the provision, admit that Congress can legislate to the full extent to carry it into execution. There is, then, no necessity for the states to legislate. This is a good reason why they should not

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

641

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

legislate ; and that it was intended that they should not do so.

For legislation by Congress makes the mode of asserting the

right uniform throughout the Union; and legislationr by the

states would be as various as the separate legislative will and

policy of the different states might choose to make it. Certainly

such an interest as the Constitution was intended to secure, we

may well think the framers of the Constitution intended to, pro-

vide for by a uniform law. I admit, however, that such con-

siderations do not necessarily exclude the right of the states to

legislate. The argument in favour of the right, is, that the states

are not in express terms prohibited from legislating, and that the

exclusion is not necessarily implied. I further admit, if it be not

necessarily implied, that the right exists. Such is the rule, in re-

spect to the right of legislation by the states, in all cases under

the Constitution when the question of a right to legislate is

merely such.

My first remark is, and I wish it to be particularly observed,

that the question is not one only of the right of the states to legis-

late in aid of this provision, .unconnected with other considera-

tions bearing directly upon the question. The true question in

the case is, by what rules shall the compromise or guarantee be

construedl so that the obligations and rights of the states under

the provision may be ascertained and secured.

It is admitted, that the provision raises what is properly termed

a perfect obligation upon all of the states to abstain from doing

any thing which may interfere with the rights secured. Will this

be so, if any part of what may be necessary to discharge the ob-

ligation is reserved by each state, to be done as each may think

proper? The obligation is common to all of them, to the same

extent. Its bject is to secure the property of some of the states,

and the individual rights of their citizens in that property. Shall,

then, each state be permitted to legislate in its own way, accord-

ing to its own judgment, and their separate notions, in what

manner the obligation shall be discharged to those states to

which it is due2 To permit some of the states to say to the

others, how the property included in the provision was to be

secured by legislation, without the assent of the latter, would cer-

tainly be, to destroy the equality and force of the guarantee, and

the equality of the states by which it was made. That was

3H2

81

SUPREME COURT.
[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Penlsylvania.]
not anticipated by the representatives of the slaveholding states in the convention, nor could it have been intended by the framers of the Constitution.
Is it not more reasonable to infer, as the states were forming a government for themselves, to the extent of the powers conceded in the Constitution, to which legislative power was given to makie all laws necessary.and proper to carry into execution all powers vested in it-that they meant that the right for which some of the states stipulated, and to which all acceded, should, from'the peculiar nature of the property in which only, some of the states were interested-be carried into execution by that department of the general government in which they were all to be represented, the Congress of the United States.
But is not this power of legislation by the states, upon this. provision, a claim for each to use its discretion in interpreting the manner in which the guarantee shall be fulfilled?
.Are there no rules of interpretation, founded upon reason and nature, to settle .this question, and to secure the rights given by the provision, better than the discretion of the parties to the obligation ? Has not, experience shown that those rules must be applied to conventions between nations, in order that justied may be done? All civilized nations have consented to -be bound by them ;and they are a part of the laws of nations. Is not one of-those rules, the maxim that neither one or the-other of the interested or contracting powers has a right to interpret his act or treaty at his pleasure ? 'Such is the rule in respect to the treaties and conventions of nations foreign to each other. It applies with equal necessity and force to states united in one general govemment. Especially to states making a provisicn in respect to property peculiar to some of them, which has bdcome so interwoven with their institutions and their -representation in the general government of all of them, that the right to such property must be maintained and guarded, in order to preserve their separate existence, and to keep up their constitutional representation in_ Congress. Such cannot be the case, .unless there is uniformity in the-law for asserting the right to fugitive slaves; and if the states can legislaie, as each of them may think it should be done, a remedy, by which the right of property in fugitive slaves is to be
ascertained and finally concluded. Nor does it matter, that the

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

643

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

rule to which I have adverted as being exclusive of the -right of the states to legislate upon the pr.ovision, does not appear in it.
It is exactly to such cases that the rule applies, and it must be so applied, unless the contrary has been expressly provided. The
mode of its application is as authoritative as the rule. The rule,
too, applies to the provision without any conflict with the other rule that the states may legislate in all cases, when they are not expressly orimpliedly prohibited by the Constitution. The latter rule is in no way trenched upon by excluding the states from legislating in this case. This provision is the only one in the Constitution in which a security for a particular kind of property is provided; provided, too, expressly against the interference by the states in their sovereign character. The surrender df a sovereign right carries with it all its incidents. It differs from yielding a participation to another government, in a sovereign right. In the latter, both may have jurisdiction. The state yielding the right,, retaining jurisdiction to the extent 5f doing nothing rppugnant to the exercise of the right by the government to
which it has been yielded.
But it is said, all that is contended for, is, that the states may legislate to aid the object, and that such legislation will be constitutional if it does not conflict with the remedies which Congress may enact. This is a cautious way of asserting the right in the states, and it seems to impose a limitation which makes it unobjectionable. But the reply to it is, that the right to legislate a remedy, implies so much indefinite power over the subject, and such protracted continuance, as to the mode of finally determining whether a fugitive owes service and labour, that the requirements of the remedy, without being actually in conflict with the provision .or the enactments of Congressmight be oppressive to those most interested in the provision, by interposing delays and expenses more costly than the value of the fugitive sought to be reclaimed. Ordinarily, and when rightly understood, it is true that the abuse of a thing is no argument against its correctness or
its use; but that.suggestion can only be correctly made in cases in support'of a right or power abstractly and positively right, and which has been abused under the pretence of using it;. or where the proper use has been-mistaken. In matters of government,
however, a power liable to be abused is always a gocd reason

644

SUPREME COURT

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]
for withholding it. It is the reason why the powers of the United States, under the Constitution, are so cautiously givenwhy the express prohibitions upon the states not to legislate in certain cases were expressed-why the limitation upon the former, that the powers not. granted are reserved to the. states, as it is expressed in the amendments to the Constitution. But in truth, any additional legislation in thiscase by a state, acting as a remedy, in aid of the remedy given by the Constitution and -by Congress, would be, in practice, in conflict with the, latter, if it be a process differing from it; though it might make the mode of recovering a fugitive easier than the former, and much more so, when it made it more difficult. The right to legislate a remedy implies the ability to do either; and it is because it.does so, and may be the latter, that I deny all right in the states to legislate upon this subject; unless it b6 to aid, by mere ministerial acts, the protection of an owner's right to a fugitive slavete prevention of all interference with it by the officers of a state, or its citizens, or an authority to its magistrates to execute the law of Congrcss--and such legislation over fugitives as may be strictly of a police character.
Admit the states to legislate remedies in this case, besides such as are given by Congress, and there will be no security for the delivery of fugitive slaves in half of the states of the Union. Such was the case when" the Constitution was adopted. The states might legislate in good faith, according to their notions how such a right of property should be tried. They have already done so, and the act of Pennsylvania, now under consideration, shows, that the assertion of a right to a fuigitive slave is burdened by provisions entailing expenses disproportioned to his value; and that it is only to be asserted, by arraying against the claim all of those popular prejudices which, under other circumstances, would be proper feelings against slavery.
But the propriety of the rule of interpretation, which I have invoked to exclude the states from legislating upon this provision of the Constitution, becomes more obvious, when it is remembered that the provision was not intended only to secure the property of individuals, but that through their rights, that the institutions of the states should be preserved, so long as any one of the states chose to continue slavery as a part of its policy.

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

645

[Prigg . The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

The subject has usually been argued as if the rights of individuals only were intended to be secured, and as if the legislation by the states would only act upon such rights.
The framers of the Constitution did not ict upon such narrow grounds. They were engaged in forming a government.for all of the states; by concessions of sovereign rights from all, without impairing the actual sovereignty of any one, except within the sphere of what was conceded. One great object was, that all kinds of property, as well that which was common, in all of the states, as that which was peculiar to any of them, should be protected in all of the states, as well from any interference with it by the United States, as by the states.- Experience had shown that under the confederacy, the reclamation of fugitive slaves was embarrassed and uncertain, and that they were yielded to by the states only from comity. It was intended that it should be no longer so. The policy of the different states. some of them contiguous, had already become marked and decided upon the subject of slavery. There was no doubt it would become- more so. It was foreseen, unless the- delivery of fugitive slaves was made a part of the Constitution, and that the right of the states to discharge them from service was iakenr away, that some of the states would become the refuge of runaways; and, of course, that in proportion to the facility and certainty of any state being a refuge, so would the right of individuals, and the institutions of the slaveholding states, be impaired. The latter were bound, when forming a general government with the other states, under which there was to be a community of rights and privileges for all citizens in the several states, to protect that property of their citizens which was essential to the preservation of their state constitutions. If this had not been done, all of the property of the citizens would have been protected in every state, except that which was the most valuable in. a number of them. In such a case, the states would have become members of the Union upon unequal terms. Besides, the property of an individual is not the less his, because it is in another state than that in which he lives.
It continues to be his, and forms a part of the wealth of his state.
The provision, then, in respect to fugitive slaves, only comprehended within the general rule a species of property not within it before. By doing so, the right of individuals, and that of the

646

UPREME COURT.

[Prigg V'.The Cotnmonweilth of Pennsylvania.]
sts inwhich .slavery was, continued, were preserved. It re-

manedin thie states'as a.paft of that wealth, from which contributions wer6-to be raised by -takes laid with the consent of the owner- to meet the wants'of the state-as a body politic. If this be so, upon wheatprinciple shall the states act by their legislation upon property, which is nationa% as well as individua; and direct the  iode'whdii it is within their juirisdiction, without the consent of the owners, and without the fault of the states where. the owners reside, how the right of propertk should be ascertained and determined. The cas6 of a fugitive slave is not like that of a contest for other property, to be. determined between two claimants by the remedy given by the tribunals of the state where the property may be. It is not'a ccintroversy between two persons claiming the right to a thing, but the assertion by one person of a right of property in another, to b6 determined upon principles jecnliar to such relation. If the provision had not been introduced into. the Constitution, the states might h6.ve adjudged the right in the way it pleased; but having surrendered the right to discharge, they are not now to be allowed to assume a right to legislate, to. try the "obligation of a'fugitive to servitude, in any other .way than in conformity to the principles peculiar to the r~lation'of master and slave. Their legislation, then, in the way of remedy, would bear upon state as well as individual rights; and I am sure, when the 'Constitution was formed, the states never intended to give any such right.to each other. If it has such an effect, I think I may rightly conclude that legislation in the case before us is forbidden to the states.
-But I have a further reason for the conclusion to which I have come upon this point; to which I cannot see that an answer can be given.
The provision contemplates, besides the right of seizure by the owner, that a claim may be made, when a seiz'ure has not been effeted,"or'afterwards, if his right shall be contested. That the claim shall be good, upoiithe showing, by the claimant that the *person charged as a fugitive owes service or labour, under the laws of the state from which, he fled.
The prohibition in the provision, is, that he shall not be "discliarged, in consequence of any law or regulation of a state" where he may be. If then, in a controverted case, a person

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

647

[Pfigg v. The Commonweath of Pennsylvania.]

charged as a fugitive, shall be discharged under *aremedy legislated by a state to try the fact of his owing service or laboUii, is he not discharged under a law or regulation of a state? It is no answer to this question, to say, that the discharge was not mnade in virtuie of any law discharging the fugitive from servitude'; and thatthe"dischargue.occurred only from the mode of trial to ascertain if he owed service and labour. For that is to assume, that the provision only prevented discharges from being made by the states, by enactment or-law, declaring that fugitive slaves might be discharged. The provision.will not admit of such an interpretation. Nor is it any answer to say. that state regulations to ascertain whether a fugitive -owes service or labour, are distinguishable from such as directly or by construction, woild lead to his discharge; fox if a discharge be made under one or the other-whether the 'discharge be right or wrong, it.is a discharge under th6 regulation of a: state.
I understand the provision to mean; and when its object and thd surrender by the.states"of the right to discharge are kept in mind, its obvious meaning to every one nust be, that the states are not only prohibited fro. discharging a fugitive from-service by a law,
but that they'shall not make or apply-.regulations'to try the question of the fugitive owing service. The'language of the provision, is,"' No person, 'c, shall-in consequence of any law or regulation therein," be discharged from such service or labour. The words "in consequence," meaning the effect of a cause---certainly embrace regiflations to try the right of property, as well as laws, directly discharging a fugitive from service,
' If this be not so, the states may regulate the mode of an owner's seizing a fugitive slave, prohibiting it from'being done except'by warant, and by an officer; thus denying to an owner the right to use a casual opportunity to repossess himself of this kind of property, which there is a right to do, in respect to all other kinds of
property, v.here not in the possession of some one else. It may regulate the quantity and quality of the proof to establish the right of an 'owner to a fugitive, and give compensatory and. punitory damages against a claimant, if his right be not established according, to such proof.' It might limit the tial-to particular times and Courts; give. appeals from one -to other Cqurts; and protract the ultimate decision, until the value in controversy

648

SUPREME COURT.

[Prigg v. The Comrnonwealih of Pennaylvania-]
was exceeded by the cost of establishing it. Such rights of legislation in the statds to try a right of property in. a fugitive slave, are surely inconsistent with that security which Judge Iredell told the people of North Carolina, in the convention, that the Constitution gave to them for their slaves when they fled into other states. Speaking of this clause of the Constitution, he says, ,In .some of the northern states, they have emancipated all of their slaves. If any one of our slaves go there, and remain there a certain time, they would, by the present laws, be entitled to their freedom, so that their masters could not get them, again. This would be extremely prejudicial to the inhabitants of the southern states; and, to prevent it, this clause is inserted in the Constitution." To the same purpose, and with more-positiveness, Charles Cotesworth Pinckney said to the people of South Carolina, in the convention of that state, "We have obtained a right to recover our slaves in whatever part of America they may take refuge; which is a right we had not before."
But further, does not the language of this provision in the precise terms used, "shall not be discharged from such service or labour," show, that the states surrendering the right to discharge, meant to exclude themselves from legislating a mode of trial, which, from the time it would take, would be a qualified or temporary discharge to the injury of the owner? Would not a postponement of the trial of a fugitive owing service or labour, for one minth, be a loss to the owner of his service, equivalent to a discharge for that time. And if a state can postpone by legislation the trial for one month, may it not do so for a longer time? And whether it be for a longer or a shorter time, is it not a discharge from service, for whatever time it may be? .It is no answer to this argument, to say, that time is necessarily involved in the prosecution of all rights. The question here is not as to a time being more or less necessary-but as to the right of a state by regulations to try the obligation of p fugitive to service or labour, to fix in iis discretion the time it may take.
The subject might be further discussed and illustrated by arguments equally cogent with those already given. But I forbear. For the foregoing reasons, in addition to those given in the opinion1 of the Court, I am constrained to come to the conelusion, that the right of legislating upon that clause in the Con-

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

649

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

stitution, preventing the states from discharging fugitive slaves,

is exclusively in the Congress of the United States. I am as little

inclined as any one can b~e, to deny, in a doubtful case, a right

of legislation in the states; but I cannot concede that it exists

under the Constitution in a case relating to the property of some

of the states in which the others have no interest; and whose

legislators, from the nature of the shbject, and the human mind

in relation to it, cannot be supposed to be best fitted to secure the

right guarantied by the Constitution.

I had intended to give an account of 'the beginning and pro-

gress of the legislation of the states *upon this subject; but my

remarks are already so much extended,.that I must decline doing

so. It would have shown, perhaps, as much as .any other in-

stance, how a mistaken, doubtful, and hesitating exercise of

power in the commencement, becomes,.by use, a conviction .of its

correctness. It would also have shown that the legislation of

the states in respect to fugitive slaves, and particularly that which

has most embarrassed the recovery of fugitive' slaves, has been.

in opposition to an unbroken current of decisions in the Courts

of the states, and those of the United States. Not a point has

been decided in the cause iow before this Court, which has not

'been ruled inthe Courts of Massachusetts, New York, and Penn-

sylvania, and in other State Courts. Judges have differed as

to some of them, but the Courts of the states have announced

all of them, with the consideration, and solemnity of judicial

conclusion. In cases too, in which the decisions were appropriate,

because the points Weire raised by the record.

I consider the point I have been maintaining, more important

than any other in the opinion of the Court. It removes those

causes which have contributed more than any other to disturb

that harmony which is essential to the continuance of the Union.

The framers of the Constitution knew it to be so, and inserted

the provision in it. Hereaftef they cannot occur, if the judg-

ment of this Court in this cause shall meet with the same .patri-

otic acquiescence which the tribunals of the states and the people

of'the states have heretofore accorded to its- decisions. The

recovery of fugitive slaves will hereafter be exclusively regu7 lated by the Constitution of the United States, and the acts of

Congress.

VOL. XVI.-3 1

82

SUPREME COURT.
[Prgg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]
Apart from the position that the states may legislate in all cases, where they are not expressly prohibited, or by necessary implication; the claim for.the states to legislate is mainly advoeated upon the ground that they are bound to protect free. blacks and persons of colour residing in them from being carried into slavery by any summary process. The answer to this is, that legislation may be confined to that end, and be made effectual, without making such a remedy applicable to fugitive slaves. There is no propriety in making a remedy to protect those who are free the probable means of freeing those who are not so. It is also -said, the states may aid by remedies the acts of Congress, when-they are not in conflict with them. I reply, Congress has'full power to enact all that such aid could give; and if experience shows any deficiency in its enactments, Congress Will no -doubt supply it. If there are not -now agencies enough to make the assertion of the right to fugitives convenient to their owners, Congress can multiply them. But if it ghould not be done, better is it that the inconvenience should be borne, than that the states should be -brought into collision upon this subject as they have been ; and that they should attempt to supply deficiencies, upon their separate views of what the remedies should be to recover fugitive slaves within their jurisdictions.
I have beard it Suggested, also, as a reason why the states should. legislate upon this subject, that Congress may repeal the remedy it has given, and leave the provision unaided by legislation I and that then the states might carry it into execution. Be it so; but the latter is not needed, for though legislation by Congress supports the rights intended to be secured, there is energy enough in the Constitution without legislation upon this subject, -to protect and enforce what it gives.
Mr. Justice DANIEL. Concurring entirely as I do with the majority pf the Court.in the conclusions they have reached relative to the effect and validit .of the statute of -Pennsylvania now under review, it is with unfeigned regret that I am constrained to dissent from some of the principles and reasonings which that majority in passing to our common conclusions, have believed themselves called on tQ a-ffirm.

JANUARY TERM, 1842.65
[Prigv. Te Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]
In judicial proceedings gendrally, that has been deemed a safe and prudent rule of action, which involves no rights, nor questioni not necessary to be considered; but leave these for adjudication where, and when, only, they shall he presented directly and Vinavoidably, and when surrounded with every circumstanc whish can best illustrate their character. If, in ordinary questions of private interest, this rule is recommended by considerations of prudence, and accuracy, and justite'; it is surely muclimore to be observed, when the subjectlb which it is applicable is the..great fundamental law of the confederacy: every clause and article of which affects the polity and the acts of states.
Guided by the rule just mentioned, it seems to me that the regular action of the Court. in this case is limited to an examination of the Pennsylvania statute, to.a comparison of its provisions with the third clause of the fourth article of the Constitution,.and'with the act of Congress of 1793, with which the.la* of Pennsylvania is alleged to be in: conflict; and that to accomnplish these purposes, a general definition or contrast of the powers of 'the state and federal governments, was neither requisite nor proper. The majority of my brethren, in the conscientious discharge of their duty, have thought themselves bound t6 pursue a different course ; and it.is in their definitibn and -distribution of state and 'federal powers, .and in the modes and times they'have assigned for the exercising *those powers, that I find myself compelled to differ -withthem.
That portion ofthe Constitution which provides'for the recovery of fugitive slaves, isthe third. clause of the second section 6f the fourth article; and is in these words: "No person held to service or labour in one state under the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall in consequence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged from such service or labour; but shall 'be delivered up on claim of the party:to whom such service or labour may be due." The paramount authority of this clause in the Constitution to guaranty to the ovwner the right of property in his slave, and the absolutd nullity of any state power directly oi indiiectly, openly or covertly, aimed to impair that right, or to. obstruct its enjoyrmwnt; I admit, nay, insist upon to the fullest exteqt. I contend, moreover, that the act of 1793, made in aid bf this clause of the Constitution and for its enforcement, so far as it conforms to the Constitution is the supreme law to .the states; 'and cannot

'652

SUPREME-COURT.

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Penx-ylvanis.]

be contravened by them without a violation of the Constitution. But the majority of my brethren proceeding beyond these positions, *assumethe ground that the clause of the Constitution above quoted, aa an affirmative power granted by the Constitution, is essentially an 'exclusive power in the federal government; and consequently that any and every exercise of authority by the states at any time, though undeniably in aid of the guarantee thereby given, is absolutely null and void.
Whilst I am free to admit the powers which are exclusive in the federal government, some of them became so denominated by the express terms of the Constitution; some because they are prohibited to the states; and others because their existence, and much more their practical exertion by the two.governments, would be repugnant, and would neutralize if they did not conflict with and destroy each other: I cannot regard the third clause of the fourth article as falling either within the definition or meaning of an exclusive power. Such a power, I consider as originally and absolutely, and at all times incompatible with partition or association. It excludes every thing but itself.
There is a class of powerq originally vested in the states, which by the theory of the federal government have been transferred to the latter; powers which the Constitution of itself does not execute, and which Congress may or may not enforce either in whole or in part, according to its views of policy or necessity; or as it may find them for the time beneficially executed or otherwise under the state authorities. These are not properly concurrent, but may be denominated dormant powers in the federal government; they 'may at any time be awakened into efficient action by Congress, and from that time so far as they are called into activity, will of course displace the powers of the states. But should they again be withdrawn or rendered dormant, or should their primitive exercise by the states never be interfered with by Congress; could it be properly said that because 'they potentially existed in Congress they were therefore denied to the states? The prosperity, the necessities of the country, and the soundest rules of constitutional construction, appear to me to present a decided negative to this inquiry. Nay, I am prepared to'affirm, that even in instances wherein Congress may have legislated, legislation by a state which is strictly ancillary, would not be unconstitutional or improper.

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

653

(Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Penmylvania.]

The interpretation for which I contend cannot be deemed a novelty in this Court; but rests upon more than one of its decisions upon the constitutional action or state authorities. In the cise of Sturgis v. Crowninshield, which brought in question the right of the states to pass insolvent or bankrupt laws,. Chief Justice Marshall holds the following doctrine, 4 Wheat. 192,193: "The counsel for the plaintiff contend that the grant of this power to Congress without limitation, takes it entirely from the states. In support of this proposition, they argue, that every power given to Congress is necessarily supreme; and if from its nature, or from the words of the grant, it is apparently intended to be exclusive, it is as much so as if they were expressly forbidden to exercise" it. These propositions have been enforced and illustrated by many arguments drawn from different parts of the Constitution. That the power is both unlimited and supreme, is not questioned. That it is exclusive, is denied by the counsel for the defendant. In considering this question, it must be recollected, that previous to the formation of the new Constitution, we were divided into independent states, united for some purposes, but in most respects sovereign. These states could exercise almost every legislative power; and amongst others, that of passing bankrupt laws. When the American people created a national legislature with certain enumerated powers, it was neither necessary nor proper to define the powers retained by the states. These powers remain as they were before the adoption of the Constitution, except so far as they may be abridged by that instrument. In some instances, as in making treaties, we find an express prohibition; and this shows the sense of the convention to have been that the mere grant of a power to Congress did not imply a prohibition on the states to the exercise of the same power." Again; p. 198, "It does not appear to be a violent construction of the Constitution, and is certainly a convenient one, to consider the powers of the states as existing over such cases as the laws of the Union do not reach. Be this as it may, the power of Congress may be exercised or declined, as the wisdom of that body shall decide. It is not the mere existence of the power, but its exercise, which is incompatible with the exercise of the same power by the states. It has been said that Congress has exercised this power; and by doing so, has extinguished the power of the states, which cannot
312

654

SUPREME COURT."

[Prgg v. The Commonrwth of Ponnsylvaui.]

be revived by repealing the- law of Congress. We do not think so. If the right of the states is not taken away by the mere grant
of that power.to Congress, it ciinot be extinguished; it can only
be suspeided by enacting a general bankrupt law. The repeal
of that, cannot, it is-trud 1confer the power on the states; but it removes a disability to its exercise, which was created by the act of Congress"-
"In.the case, of Houston v. Mo~re, &Wheat. 48, the following doctrine, was held by Mr. Justice Story, and n accordance with the opinion of the Court, in.that case. ".The Constitution containing a grant of powers, in many instances similar to those. already existing in the state governments, and some of these being-of vital importance also to state authbrity, and state legislation, it 'is'not to be admitted that a mere grant of powers, in affirniative'terns, to Congress, does, per se, transfer an exclusive sovereignityir:such subjects to the latter; on the dontraU, a reasonablE .interretation-of that instrumen necessarily leads to the conclusion that.the powers so granted are never exclusive of similar powers existing'in the states; except -where the Constit,-. tion has,'in egxpress terms, given an ekclusive power to Congressi or the exercise of a like power is .prohibited to the states. The example of the -first class is to be'found i4 the exclusive legislation delegated..to Congress over places puichased by. the consent of the legislature of the -state in which the same shall be, "forforts, arsenals, dock-yards, &c. :-of the -second 6lass, the prohibition of.a state to-coin money or emit bills of credit :--of the third class, as this Court have already held, is the power to establish an'-uniform rule of naturalization;. and the delegatio4 of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction. Ini all'ither cases not ,falling within the classes already mentioned, it seems unquestionable that the states retain concurrent authority with Congress,- not 'only under the eleventh amendment of the Constituiion, but upon the soundest principles -of general reasoning. There is this reserve, however, that in cases of concurrent authority, where the laws of the states
and of the Union are in direct and manifest collision on the same subject;. those of the Union being the supreme law of the land, are.of paramount authority; and the state laws, so far, and so far o ly, as such hicompatibility exists, must necessarily yield. - Such .re the generial principles-by which my judgmnnt is guided, in

JANUARY TiERM, 1842.

65

(P a v. The Commonwevlth of Pennyvania.]

every investigation of constitutional points. They' commend themselves by their intrinsic equity; and have been amply justifRed by the great men under whose guidance the Coistitution was framed, as Well as by the practice of the government of the -Union. To desert them, would lie to deliver 'ourselves over to endless doubts and difficulties; and probably to hazard the existence of the Constitution itself."
In the case of the City of New York v. Miln," 11 Peters, 10t, Mr. Justice Barbour, in delivering the opinion of the Court, lays down the following position, (p. 137,) as directly deducible from the decisions in Gibbons and Ogden, 7Wheat. 204, and Biown and the State of Maryland, 12 Wheat. 419: "Whilst a state is acting within the legitimate scope of its power, as to the end to be attained, it may use whatever means being appropriate to that end, it may think fit; although they be the same, or so nearly the same as scarcely to be distilguished from those adopted by Congress acting under a different power; subject only to this limitation, that in'the event of collision, the law of the state must yield to the law of Congress. The Court must be uuiderstood, *of course, as meaning.that the law of Congress is passed upon a subject within the -sphere of its power." In the same case, the following language is held by'Mr. Justice Thompson, p. 145: "In the ,lading cases upon this question, where the state law has been held to be constitutional, there has been an actual conflict between the legislation of Congress and that :of the states, upon the right drawn in question. And in all such cases, the law of Congress is supreme. But in the case now before the Court, no such conflict arises; Congress has not legislated on this subject in any manner to affect the question." And again, p. 146, it is said by the same judge; "It is not necessary in this case to fix any limits upon the legiilation of Congress and of the states on this subject; or to 'say how far Congress -may, under the power to regulate commerce, control state legislation in -this -respect. It is enough -to say, that whatever the power of Con-
gress may be, it has not been exercised so as in any manner to conflict with the state law; and if the mere grant of the power to Congress does not necessarily imply a prohibition of the states to exercise the power until Congress assumes the power to exer cise it, no objection on that ground can arise to this law."

SUPREME COURT.
[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennslvania.]
Here then are recognitions, repeated and explicit, of the propriety, utility, and regularity of state action, in reference to powers confessedly vested in the general government, so long as the latter remains passive, or shall embrace within its own action only a portion of its powers, and that portion not comprised in the proceedings of a state government; and so long as the states shall neither-conflict with the measures of the federal government, nor contravene its policy. 'From these recognitions, it must follow by necessary consequence, that powers vested in the, federal government which are compatible with the modes of execution just adverted to, cannot be essentially and originally, nor practically, exclusive powers; for whatever is exclusive, utterly forbids, a'shas been previously observed, all partition or association. I hold then that the states can establish proceedings which are in their nature calculated to secure the rights of the slaveholder guarantied to him by the Constitution; as I shall attempt to show, that those rights can never be so perfectly secured, as when the states shall, in good faith, exert their authority to assist in effectuating the guarantee given by the Constitution. Fug'tives from service, in attempting to flee either to the non-slaveholding states, or into the Canadas, must, in many instances, pass the intermediate states, before they can attain to the point they aim at.
If there is a power in the states to authorize and order their arrest and detention for delivery to. their owners, not only will the probabilities of recovery be increased by the performance of duties enjoined by law upon the citizens of those states, as well private persons as those who- are officers of the law; but the incitements of interest, under the hope of reward, will in a certain' class of persons powerfully co-operate to the same ends. -But let it be declared that the rights of arrest and detention, with a view of restoration to the owner, belong solely to the federal -government, exclusive of the individual right of the owner to seize his property, and what are to be the consequences? In the first place, whenever the master, attempting to enforce his right of seizure under the Constitution, shall meet with resistance, the inconsiderable number of federal officers in a state, and'their frequent remoteness from the theatre of action, must, in numerous instances, at once defeat his right of property, and deprive him

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

657

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvama.]
also of personal protection and security. By the removal of every incentive of interest in state officers, or individuals, and by the inculcation of a belief that any co-operation with the master be-. comes a violation of law, the most active and efficient auxilia'ry Which 'he could possibly-eall to his aid is entirely, neutralized. Again, suppose that a fugitive from service should have fled to a state where slavery does not 'exist, and in which the prevalent feeling is hostile to.that institution; there might,, nevertheless, in such a'community, be a disposition to yield something to, an acknowledged constitutional right--something to natiofial comity too, in the preservation of that Tight; but let it once be proclaimed from this tribunal, that any concession by the states towards the maintenance of such a right, is a positive offence, the-violation of a solemn duty, and I ask what pretext more plausible could be offered to those who are disposed to protect the fugitive, or to defeat the rights of the master? The Constitution and the act of Congress would thus be converted-into instrunients for the de-
struction of that which they were designed especially to protect. But it is said that if.the states can legislate at all upon the subject
of fugitives *from service, they may, undwer the guise of regulations for securing the master- 'right,enact laws which, in reality, impair or destroy them. This, like ,every other argument drawn from the possil~le abuse of power,.is deemed neither fair nor logical. It is equ. ly applicable to the exercise of power by the federal as by the state governments; and might be used in opposition to all power and all government, as it is undeniable, that there is no power and no government which is not susceptible of great abuses. But those who argue from such possible or probable
abuses against all regulations 'by the states touching this matter, should dismiss their apprehensions, under the recollection that should those abuses be attempted, the corrective may be found,
as it is now about to be applied to some extent, in the controlling constitutional authority of this Court.
It has been said that the states in the exercise of their police powers may arrest and imprison vagrants or fugitives who may endanger the peace and good order of society, and by that means. contribute to the recovery by the master of-his fdgitive slave. It should be recolle-cted, however, that the police power of a state
has no natural affinity with her exterior relations, nor wi h those 83

658

SUPREIIE COURT.

[Prigg v. The Comonweu& of Pennsylvyaia.]

which she sustains to her.5ister states; but is conined to matters strictly -belongingto hei internal order and quiet. The arrest or ,confinement, or restoration of a fugitive, merely because. le is such, falls not regularly within the objects of police regulations; for such a person may be obnoxious to no charge of. violence or disorder; he may be merely.passing through the state peaceably
and quietly; -or he may be lmder th care and countepance of some pprsbn affecting ownership over himy with the very view of facilitating his escape. Under such circumstances he would not be a proper subject for the exertion of the police power; and if not tobe challenged under a different power in the state, his
escape would be inevitable, however strong. might be the evidences of his being a fugitive. '- But let it-be supposed that either .on acc6unt of some .offence actually committed, or threatened; or from some internal: regulation forbidding. the presence of such persons 'within a state, they may. be deemed subjects for -the -exertion of the police power-proper, to what end would the exercise of that power naturally lead? Fugitives might be'arrested for -punishment, or they might be expelled or deported from the state. Nothing beyond these could be legally accomplished; and thus the invocation of this police power, so far from securing the Tights of the master, would be made an engine to insure the deprifation of his property. Such are a portion of the consequences which, in my opinion, must flow from the doctrines afrmed by the majority of .the Court: doctyines in my yiew not warranted by the Constitution, nor by the interpretation heretofore given of that instrument; and the assertion whereof seemed not to have been necessarily involved in the adjudication of this cause. With the convictions predomiliatory in my mind as to the nature and tendencies of these doctrines; whilst I cherish the profoundest respect for the wisdom and purity of those who maintain them; it would be a dereliction of duty in-me to yield to them a direct or a tacit acquiescence; I therefore declare my dissent from them.

Mr.'Justice -MLE N. As this case involves questions deeply interesting, if not vital, to the permanency of the union of these states; and as I differ on one point from the opinion of the Court, I deem it proper to state my own views on the subject.

JANUARY TER>, 1842.

659

[ligg v. The Commokiwesith of Pennsylvania.]

The plaintiff, Edward Prigg, was indicted under the first sec-
tion of an act of Pennsylvania, entited "Anl.act to give effct to. the provisions of the Constitution of the-United. States, relative to fugitives from labour, for the protection of free pe-)ple of colour, and to prevent kidnapping.'
. It provides, " If any person or persons shall, from and after'the passing of this act, by force andviolence take and cary away, or cause to be taken or carried Away, tnd shall by fraud or falsepretence, seduce, or cause to be seduced, or shall ittempt to take, carry away, or seduce any negro" or mulatto from -ny part or parts of this commonwealth, to any other place or places whatsoever, out of this commonwealth, with a design and intention of selling and disposing of, or of causing to- lie sold, or of keeping and detaining, or of causing to be kept and detained, such negro or mulatto as a slave or servant for life, or for any term whatso- ever; every such person or persons, his or their aiders or'abettors shall, on conviction thereof, be deemed guilty.offelony, and hall be fined in a sum not less than five hundred nor more than one thonsand dollars, and shall be sentenced" to imprisonment andhard labour hot less than seven nor more than twenty-one years."
The plaintiff- being a citizen 'of Maryland, with others, took Margaret Morgan, a coloured Woman, and a slave, by force hnd violence, without the certificate required by the act of Congtess, from the state of Pennsylvania, and brought her to the state of Maryland. By an amicable arrangement between the two states, judgment was entered against the defendant, in the Court where. the indictment was found; and on the cause being removed to the Supreme Court of the state, that judgment, pro forma, was
affirmed. And the case is now here for our examination and
decision.. The last clause of the secofid section of the fourth article of the
Constitution of the United States, declares'that, " No person held to service or labour in one state, under the laws-thereof, escaping into another, shall, in consequence of any'law or regulation therein, be discharged from such service or labour; but shall be delivered up on claim of the party to whom such service or labour
may be due." This clause of the Constitution is now, for the first tithe. brought
before this Court for consideration.

SUPREME COURT.
[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylyamnh.]
That the Constitution was adopted in a spirit of compromise, is matter of history. And all experience shows that to attain the great objects of this fundamental law, it must be construed and enforced in a spirit of enlightened forbearance and justice. Without adverting to other conflicting views and interests of the states represented in the general convention, the subject of slavery was then; as it is now, a most -ielicate and absorbing consideration. In some of the states, it was considered an evil, and a strong opposition to it, in all its forms, was felt and expressed. In others if was viewed a5 a cherished right, incorporated into the social compact, and sacredly guarded by law.
Opinions so conflicting, and which so deeply pervaded the elements of society, could be broight to a reconciled action only by an exercise of exaltdd patriotism.' Fortunately for the country. this -patriotism was not wanting in the convention and in the states. The danger of discord and ruin was seen, and felt, atd acknowledged; and this led to the formation of the confederacy. The Constitution, as it is, cannot be said to have imbodied in all its parts, the peculiar views of any great section of the Union; but it was adopted by a wise and far-reaching conviction, that it was the best which, under the circumstances, could be devised; and that its imperfectibns would be lost sight of, if not forgotten,, in the national prosperity and glory which it would secure.
A law is better understood by a knowledge of the evils which led to its adoption. And this applies most strongly to. a fundamental law.
At an early period of our history, slavery existed in all the colonies; and fugitives from labour were claimed and delivered up under a spirit of comity or conventional law among the colonies. -The articles of confederation contained no provision on the subject, and there can be no doubt that the provision introduced into the Constitution was the result of experience and zmanifest necessity. A matter so delicate, important, and exciting, was very properly introduced into the organic law.
Does the provision, in"regard to the reclamation of fugitive slav ,svest tile powerexclusively in the federal government?
This must be determined from the language of the Constitution, and the nature of the power.
The language of the provision is general. .It covers the whole

JANUARY TERM, 1842:

661

[Prigg v.'The Commonwealth of Pennsy]vWa.]

ground, not in detail, but in principle. The states are inhibited from passing "atny.law or regulation which shall discharge a fugitive slave from the service of his master;" and a positive duty is qnjoined on:them to deliver him up, "on dlaim of the party to whom his service may be due."
The nature of the power shows that it must be exclusive. It was dsigned to protect the rights of the master, and against whom? Not against the state, nor the people of the state in which he resides; but against the people and the legislative action of other states where the fugitive from labour might be found. Under the confederation, the master had no legal means of enforcing his rights in a state opposed to slavery. A diregard of rights thus asserted was deeply felt in the south. It produced great excitement, and would, have led to results destructive of the Union. To. avoid this, the constitutional guarantee was essential. The necessity for this provision was :ound in the views and feelings of the people of the states opposed to slavery; and who, under such an influence, could not be expected favourably to regard the rights of the master. Now, by whom is this paramount law to be executed? It is contended that the power to execute it Tests with the states. The law was designed to protect the rights of the slaveholder against the states opposed to those rights; and yet, by this argument, the ejffective power is in the hands of those on whom it is to operate. This would produce a strange anomaly in the history oi legis-
lation. It would show an inexperience and folly in the venerable framers of the Constitution, from which,. of all public bodies that ever assembled, they were, perhaps, most exempt.
The clause of the Constitution under consideration declares
that no fugitive-from labour shall be discharged from such labour, by any law or regulation of the state into 'which he may have 'fled. Is the state to judge of this? Is it left for the state to de termine'what effect shall be given to this and other parts of the provision ?
This power is not susceptible of division. It is a part of the fundamental law, and pervades, the Union. The rule of action which it prescribes -was intended to be. the same in all the states. This is essential to the.attainmenit of te objects of the
VOL. XV.-3 K

662

SUPREME COURT.

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvanis.]

law. 'If the effect of it depended, in any degree, upon the construction of a state by legislation or otherwise, its spirit, if not its letter, vrguld be disregarded. This would- not proced from any settled deteimination .inany state to violate'ths findamental rule, but from habits and modes of regsoningon the subject. Such i the diversity of -human, judgment, that opposite conclusions equally honest, are often drawn from the same premises. It is. therefore, essential to the uniforr efficacy of this constitutional provision that it stiould be considered, exclusively, a federal power. It is in its nature as much so as the powbr to regulate commerce, or that of foreign intercourse. "To give full effect.to this provision,-was iegilation necessary?
Cdngress, by the passage of the act of 1793,leg slated on the sub-. ject,, and this shows how this provision was construed shortly after its adoption: and' the reasons. which were deliberately. considered, and which led to the passage of the act, show clearly that it was necessary. These reasons will bemore particularly referred to under another head of the argument. But looking only at the. Constitution, the propriety, if not the 'nec'essity of legislation is seen.,
The Constitution provides' that the fugitive from labour, shall be delivered up, on claim being made by the persbn -entitled to 'such labour; bit it is silent as to how and on whom this claim shall be made The act of 'Congress provides for this defect and uncertainty, by,establishing the mode of procedure.
It is contended, that the power to legislate on this subject is concqurrently in the states and federal government. -That the acts of the latter are paramount, but that the acts of the former must. be regarded as of authority, until abrogated by the federal power. How' power exercised by one sovereignty can be called concurrent, which may be abrogated by another. I cannot comprehend. A concurrent power, from its niture, I had supposed must be equal. If the federal government by legislating on the subject annuls all state legislation on the same subject, it must follow that the power is in the federal government and not in the state.
Taxation is a power common to a state and the general government, and -i-ti.sexercised by each independently of the other And this must be the claracter of all concurrent powers.
It is said that a power may be vested in the federal govQm-

JANUARY TERM,* 1842.

663-

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth- of Pehnsylvana.]
ment which reinainig -dormant, ahd that in such case a state may legislate on the subjbct. 'In the case supposed; whence does the legislature defive its power ? is it derived fromn the -constitution of the state, or the Constitution of-the 'United States ?
If the power is given by the state constitution, it -mihst follow that it may be exercised independently of the federal'power; for it is ,presumed no one will sanction the doctrine'that Congress,"by legislation, may abridge the constitutional power of a state.
How can the power of the state -be derived from the federal, Constitution? Is it assumed on -the ground that Congress having the power. have failed to exercise it? Where is such an assumption to.end ? May it not be applied with equal force and propriety to the whole ground of federal legislation; excepting only the powers inhibited to the states? Congress have nbt legislated upon a certain subject, but this does not show that they may not have duly cbnsidered it. Or, they may-have acted withont- exhausting the power. Now', in my judgment, it is illogical and unconstitutionalt' hold thatin'either of thesde cases a state may legislate.
Is this a vagrant power of the -state, like a floating 1anu war.rant to be located on thenrst vacant spot that shall be' found? May -astate occupy a fragment of federal power which has not been exercised, and like a tenant at will, continue to- occupy it until it shall have notice to quif?
. No such. power is-derived" by implicatiori from' the federal Constitution. It defines the powers of the generalfgovernment,
and imlioses certain restrictions and, duties on the -states. But beyond this it in no degree affects the powers of the states. The powers which belong to a state are exercised independently. Ift its sphere of sovereignty it.stands on-an-equality with the federal government, and is not subject -to its control. Itw.ould ld as dangerous as humiliating to the rights of a slate, to hiold that it legislative powers were exercised to any ektent and under an ' circumstances, subject to the p~ramtount attion of C~ngress.. Silch a doctrine would lead to serious and-dangerous conflicts of power.
The -act of 1793 seems to cover the whole constitutional ground. The third section provides, "That when a persofi -held to labour. in' any state or territory of the United States under the laws

SUPREME COURT.
[Prigg V.The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]
theieof, shall escape into any other of the said states or territories, the person to whom such labour or service may be due, his agent or attorney, is empowered to seize or arrest such fugitive from labour, and to take him or her.before -anyjudge of the Circuit or District Courts of the United'States residing or'being within the state, or before any magistrate 'of a county, city, or town corporate, wherein-such seizure or arrest shall be made, and upon proof, to the satisfaction of such judge or magistrate, either by oral testimony or affidavit, &c.,'that the person so seized or arrested, doth, under the laws of the state or territory from whjch he or she fled, owe service or labour to the person claiming him or'her, it shall liethe duty of such judge or magistrate to give a certificate thereof; to such claimant, his agent, or attorney, which shall be sufficient warrant for removing said, fugitive to the state from -which he or she fled"
The fourth section imposes a penalty-on -any person. who shall obstruct or hinder suich claimant, hig agent, or' attorney, &c., or shall rescue such fugitive, when s6 arrested, &c.
It seems to be taken as a conceded point in the argument, that 4qongress had no power to impose duties on state officers, as provided in the above act. As a general principle this is true; but does not the case under consideration form an exception ? Congress can no more regulate the jurisdiction of the state tribunals, than a state -can define the judicial power of the Union. The officers of each government are responsible only to the respective authorities under which they are commissioned. But do not the clauses in the Constitution in regard to fugitives from labour, and from justice, give Congress a power over state officers, on these subjects? The power in both the cases 'is admitted or proved to be exclusively in the federal government.
The clause in the Constitution preceding the one in relation to fugitives from labour, declares that, "A person charged in any state with treason, felony, or other crime, who shall flee from 'justice,-and be fbund in another state, shall, on demand of the executive authority of the state from which he flea, be delivered up to -be removed to the state having jurisdiction of the crime." . In the'first section of the act of.1793, Congress have provided
that on demand being made as above, "it shall be the duty of

JANUARY WTRM, 1842.

6&5

[Prigg v. The Commozxwealth of P.ennsylvania.]-

the executive authority to cause the person demanded to be ar-

rested, &c.

trhe constitutionality of this law, it is believed, hasnever been

questioned. It has been obeyed by the governors of.states, who

have uniformly acknowledged its obligation. To some demands

surrenders have not been made; but the refusals have, in no

instance, been on the ground that .the. Constitution .apdact of

Congress were of no binding force. Other reasons haib been

assigned.

Now, if Congress may by legislation require this duty to be

,performed by the highest state officer, may they not on the same

'principle reqnire appropriate duties in regard to the surrender

3f fugitives from labour, by other state officers. Over these sub-

jects the constitutional power is the same.

In both cases, the act of 1793-'defines on'what evidence the,

delivery shall be made. This was necessary, as the Constitutio.

is silent on the subject. The act provides that on claim being,

made of a fugitive from labour, "it shall be. the duty of such

judge or magistrate to. give a certificate that the person claimed

owes'services to the claimant."

The Constitution requires "thatsuch person shall be delivered

up, on claim of the party to whom the service is due." , Here-is

a positive dutr imposed; and Congress have said in what .mode

this duty shall be performed. Had they not power to do so.? If

the Constitution- was designed, in, this respect, to require, not a

negative but a positive duty on the state and the people pf the

state whdre the fugitive from labour may be found; of which, it

would seem, there can be no doubt; it must be equally clear that

Congress may prescribe in what manner the claim and surrender

shall be made. I am therefore brought tQ the conclusion that,

although, as a general principle, Congress cannot impose duties

on state officers, yet in the cases of fugitives from labour and

froth justice, they have the power to do so.

In the case -of Martin's Lessee v. Hunter, 1 Wheat. Rep; 304,

this Court say, "The language of the Constitution is imperative bn

the states as to the performance of many duties. It is imlierative

on the state legislatures to make laws prescribing the time, place,

and manner of holding elections for senators and representatihes,

and for electors of President and Vice Prdsident. And in these as

3 x'2

84

SUPREME COURT.
(Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]
well as in other cases, Congress have a right to revise, amend, o, sQ persede the laws which may be passed by the state legisjltures."
Now-; I do not insist on the exercise of the federal power to the extent as here laid down. I go no farther than to say, that where the Constitution" imposes a positive duty on a state or its officers to surrender fugitives, that Congress may prescribe the mode of proof, and the duty of the state officers.
This power may be resisted by a state, and there is no means of coercing it. In this view the power may be considered an important one. So the Supreme Court of a state may refuse to ceitify itsrecord on a writ of error to the Supreme Court of the Union, under the twenty-fifth section of the judiciary act. But resistance t6 a constitutional authority-by any of the state functionaries, should not be anticipated; and if made, the federal government may rely upon its own agency in giving effect to the laws.
I come now to a most delicate and important inquiry in this case, and that is, whether the claimant of a fugitive from, labour may seize and remove him by force out of the state in which he may be found, in defiance 6f its laws. I refer not to laws which are in conflict with the Constitution, or the act of 1793. Such state laws, I have already said, are void. But I have reference to those laws whichtregulate the police of the state, maintain.the peace of its citizens, and preserve its territory and jurisdiction from acts of violence.
About the time of the adoption of the Constitution, a coloured nan was seized by several persons in the state of Pennsylvania, and -forcibly removed out of it, with the intent, as charged, to enslave 'him. This act vas then, as it is now, a criminal offence by the lawof Pennsylvania. Certain persons were infated for this offence, and in the year 1791, the Governor of Pennsylvania demanded.of the Governor of Virginia, the persons indicted, as fugitives from justice.
The Governor of Virginia submitted the case to the attorneygpfteral of that state, who decided, that the offence charged in the indictment was not, such. a crime a& under the Constitution required a silrrender. He also held,-" that control oveir the persons charged ought ilot-to be acquired by any force not specified and Oelegated by positive law." The Governor of Virginia re fused,

JANUARY TERMiS42.
EPtigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]
to arrest the defendants, and deliver them to the, authorities 6f " Pennsylvania. _ The corrfespondence between the govgrnQr-s and ,,the opinion of the ttorney-general of Virginia, with.gther papers
relating to the case, were transmitted to the President *of the United States, who laid them bIefore Congress. Aad there can be -nodoubt that this correspondence, and tie forcible reimovalof the coloured person, whicl gave rise to it, led to the passage of the act of 1793.
It is dot unworthy of remark; that A.'controversy on.ibis subject should first have 'arisen after the adoption"of-the Cbnstiturion' in Pennsylvania; and that after a lapse of more than half a century, a controversy involving a similar adt of violence shoild'he brbught before this Court, for the first time, from the same state
Both the Constitution and the act of i793require the fugitive from labour to be ilelivere4 up on claim being, xade, by the'party or his agent, to whom the service is due. Not that a suitshould 'be regularly instituted. ' The proceeding aitholized.,by the law is summary and informal. The fugiti.e is seized by theclairiant, and taken before a judge or -magistrate -ithin the -state, an' on proof, parol or written, that he owes labour to the claimant, it is made the duty of the judge or magistrate to give the. certificate, which authorizes ther removal of the, fugitive to the state 'from -whence he absconded.
The'counsel irquire of whom the claim ilhall' be made, 'And they represent that tle fugitive, being at laige in the .stAte;is inthe custody of no one, nor under the protection of .th6 stte;' so that the claim cannot be made, and conseqfiently that the claimant may seize the fugitive and remove him-ont of the-state.
A perusal of ,the act of Congress obviates this difficulty, aid the consequence -whichis represented as growing out of it.
The act is framed to meet the supposed case.' Th-'ugitlve is pres-undd'to be at large,-for- the claimant is' authorized to seize him. After seizure-.he i in custody -'before it, he was hot. Anfd the claimant is required to Uke him before a judicial officer of the state; &nditis before such -officei)j claim is to be.made.
To,sulipose that the claim is not to be -made', and ind ed cah-
not be 'unless the fugitive be in the custodr or possession of some public officer or individual is to disregard the'letter and spiriit of thp act of 1793. - There is no act in the, statute- book more pro-

668

SUPREME COURT.

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of PeonsylvaniL).
cise in its language; and, as it would seem, less liable to misconstruction. In my judgment, there is not the least foundation in the act for the right asserted in the argument, to take the fugitive by force and remove him out of the state.
Such a proceeding'can receive no sanction under the act, for it is in expiess violation of it. The claimant having seized the fugitive, is required by the act to take him before a federal judge within the state, or a state magistrate within the county, city, or town corp9rate, within which the seizure was made. Now, can there be any pretence that after the seizure under the statute, the claimant may ,disregard the other express provision of it, by taking the fugitive without claim out of the state. But it is said, the master may seize his slave wherever he finds him, if by doing so he does not violate the public peace; that the relation of master and slave is not affected by the laws of the state, to which the slave may have fled, and where he is found.
If the master has a right to seize and remove the slave without claim, he can commft no breach of the peace by using all the force necessary to accomplish his object.
It is admitted that the rights of the master, so far as regards the services of the slave, are not impaired by this change; but the mode of asserting them, in my opinion, is essentially modified. In the state where the service is due, the master needs no other law than the law of force to control the action of the slave. But can this law be applied by the master in a state which makes the act unlawful ?
Can the master seize his slave and remove him out of the state in disregard of its laws, as he might take his horse which is running at large? This ground is taken in the argument. Is there no difference in principle in these cases ?
The slaVe, as a sensible and human being, is subject to the local authority into whatsoe er jurisdiction he may go. He is answerable under the laws for his acts, and he may claim their protection. The state may protect him against all the world except the claim of his master. Should any one commit lawless violence on the slave, the offender may unquestionably be punished; and should the slave commit jnurder, he may be detained and punished for it by ttid state, in disregard of the claim of the

JANUARY TERM. 1842.

669

Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.1
master. Being within the jurisdiction of a state, a slave bears a very different relation to it from that of mete property.
In a state where slavery is allowed, every coloured person is presumed to be a slave; and on the same principle, in a nonslaveholding state, every person is presumed to be free without regard to colour. On this principle, the states, both slaveholding and non-slaveholding, legislate. The latter may prohibit, as Pennsylvania has done under a certain penalty, the forcible removal of a coloured person.out of the state. Is such law in conflict with the act of 1793 ?
The act of 1793 authorizes a forcible seizure of the slave by the master, not to take him out of the state, but to take him before some judicial officer within it. The act of Pennsylvania punishes a forcible removal of a coloured person out of the state. Now, here is no conflict between the law of the state and the law of Congress. The execution of neither law can, by any just interpretation, in my opinion, interfere with the execution of the other. The laws in this respect stand in harmony with each
other. It is very clear that no power to seize and forcibly remove
the slave without claim is given by the act of Congress. Can it be exercised under the Constitution? Congress have legislated on the constitutional power, and have directed the mode in which it shall be executed. The act, it is admitted, covers the whole ground; and that it is constitutional there seems to be no reason to doubt. Now, under such circumstances, can the provisions of the act be disregarded, and an assumed power set up under the Constitution? This is believed to be wholly inadmissible by any known rule of construction.
The terms of the Constitution are ge )ral, and like many other pdwers in that instrument require legislation. In the language ot this Court in Martin v. Hunter, '-Wheat. Rep. 304, "the powers of the Constitution are expressed in general terms, leaving to the legislature, from time.to time, to adopt its own means to effectuate legitimate objects, and to mould and model the exercise of its powers, as its own wisdom and the public interests should require."
This, Congress have done by the act of 1793. It gives a summary and effectual mode of-red ess -to the master, and is he not

670

SUPREME COURT.

[Prigg 0. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]
,bound to pursue it? It is the legislative construction of the Constitution ; and is it rxot a most authoritativt cbnstruction ? I was not prepared to hear the counsel contend that, notwithstanding this exposition of the Constitution, and ample remedy provided in the act, the master might disregard the act and set up his right under the Constitution.. And having taken this step, it was easy to take another, and sAy, that this right. may ut asserted by a forcible seizure and removal of the fugitive.
This- would be a most singular constitutional provision. It would extend the remedy by recaption into another sovereignty, which is sanctioned neither by the common law nor the law of flations. If .the, master may lawfully seize and remove the fugitive 'out of. the state where he may be found, without an exhibition of his claim, he may'lawfully resist any force, physical or legal,, which the state, or the citizens of the state, may
interpose. To hold that he must exhibit. his claim in case of resistance, is
to abandon the ground assumed. He is engaged, it is 'said, in the lawful prosecution of a constitutional right. All resistd-dce then, by whomsoever made, or in whatsoever form; nuiust be illegal. Under such circumstances the master needs no proof of his claim, though he might stand in need of additional physical power. Having appealed to this power, he has only to collect a sufficient force to put iown all resistance and attain 'his,object.. Having done this, he not only stands acquitted and justified; but he has recourse for any injury he miay have received in overcoming the resistaice.
If this be a constitutional remedyj it may not always be a peaceful one. But if it be a rightful rbemedy, that it may be car-' ried to this extent, no one can deny. And if it may be exercised without claim of right, why pay.it not be- resorted to after the unfavourable decision of the judge or magistrate? This would liniit the necessity of-the exhibition of proof by the master to the' single case where the slave was in the, actUal custody of some public officer. 'How can this be the true construction of the Constitution ?-- That such a procedure js not sanctioned by the act of 1793 has ben shown.' That act was passed expressly to guard against acts of force and violence.
I cawiot perceive how any one can doubt that the rem'edy

JANUAR TERN, 1842.

671

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvnia.]
given in the Constitution, if indeed it give any remedy without legislation, was designed to be a peaceful one a remedy sanc-

tioned by judicial authority; b. remedy guarded by. the forms
of law. But the inquiry ;isreiterated, is not the master entitled
to his property? I answer that he is. His right is guarantied by the Constitution, and the most summary means for its enforcement is found in the act of-Congress.. And neither the state nor its citizeps can obstruct the prosecution of this right.
The slave is found in a state where every man, black or white, is presumed to be free; aiid this state, to preserve the peace of its citizens, and its soil and jurisdiction from acts of violence, has prohibited the forcible abduction of persons of colour. Does thi6 law,conflict with the Constitution? It clearly does not, in its
terms. The conflict ;.s-upposed, to arise out of the prohibition against
the forcible removal of persons of colour generally, which may include fugitive slaves. Prima facie it does not include slaves, as every man within the state is presumed to be free, and there is no provision in the act which embraces slaves. Its language. clearly shows, that it was designed -to protect ;ree :persons of colour within the state. But'it is admitted, there is no exception as to the forcible removal of slaves. And here the important and most delicate question arises between the power of the
state, and the assumed but not sanctioned .power of the federal
government.
No conflict can arise between the act of Congress aid this state law. The conflict,-can only arise between the forcible acts of the master and the' law of the state. The- master exhibits no proof of right to the services of the slave, but seizes him,-andis about to remove bhm by force. I' speak only of the force ekerted on the slave. The law-of the state presumes- him to be free, and prohibits his removal. Now, which shall.give
4y,the master or the state? The law of the state,does, in no case, discharge inthe language of the Constitution, the slqve from
the service of his master.
.It is a most important police'regulation. And if the master violate it, is he not amenable? The offen6e consists in the abduction of a pers6n of colour. -Andthis.is attempted' to be j'usiL fled upon. the simple groun that, the slave is property. Thata

672

SUPREME COURT.

(Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.j
slave is property must be admitted. The state law is not violated by the seizure of the slave by the master, for this is authorized by the act of Congress; but by removing him out of the state by force, and without proof.of right, which the act does not authorize. Ndw, is not this an act which a state may prohibit? The presumnption in a non-slaveholding state is against the right of the master, and, in favour of the freedom of the person he claims. This presumption may be rebutted, but until it is rebutted by the proof required in the act of 1793, and also, in my judgment, by the Constitution, must not the law of the-state be respected and obeyed?
The seizure which the master has a right to make under the act of Congress is for the purpose of taking the slave before an officer. His possession of the slave within the state, under this seizure, is qualified and limited to the subject for which it was
'made. The certificate of right to the service of the slave is undoubt-
edly for the protection of the master; but it authorizes the removal of the slave out of the state where he was found, to the state from whence he fled. And under the Constitution this authority is valid in all the states.
The important point is, shall the presumption of right set up by the master, unsustained by any proof, or the presumption which arises from the laws and institutions of the state, prevail. This is the true issue. The sovereignty of the state is 'on one side, and the asserted interest of the master on the other. That interest is protected by the paramount law, and a special, a summary, and an effec ual mode of redress is given. But this mode is not pursued, and the remedy is taken into his own hands by the master.
The presumption of the state that the coloured person is free may be erroneous in fact; and if so; there can be no difficulty in proving it. But may not the assertion of the master be erroneous also; and if so, how is his act of force to be remedied? The coloured person is taken, aaid forcibly conveyed beyond the jurisdictiori of the state. This force, not being authorized by the act of Congress nor by the Constitution, may be prohibited by the state. As the act covers the whole power in the Constitution, and carries out, by special enactments, its provisions, we are, in my judgment,

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

673

[Prigg v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.]

bound by the act. We can no more, under such circumstances, administer a remedy under the Constitution, in disregard of the act, than we can exercise a commercial or other power in disregard of 'anact of Congress on the same subject.
This view respects the rights of the master and the rights of the state. It neither jeopards nor retards the reclamation of the slave. It removes all state action prejudicial to the rights of the master; and recognises in the state a power to guard and protect its own jurisdiction, and the peace of its citizens.
It appears, in the case under consideration, that the state magistrate before whom the fugitive was brought refused to act. In my judgment he was bound to perform the duty required of him by a law paramount to any act, on the same subject, in his own state. But this refusal does not justify the subsequent iction of the claimant. He should have taken the fugitive before a judge of the United States, two of whom resided within the state.
It may be doubted whether the first section of 'theact df Pennsylvania under which the defendant was indicted, by a fair construction applies to the case under consideration. The decision of the Supreme Court of that state was pro -forma, aid, of course, without examination. Indeed, I suppose, the case has been made up merely to bring the question before this Court. My opinion, therefore, does not rest so much up6n the particular law of Pennsylvania, as upon the inherent and sovereign power of a.state, to protest its jurisdiction and the peace of its citizens, in any and every mode which it-; discretion shall' dictate, which shall not conflict with a defined power of the federal government.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the re-

cord from the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, and was argued

by counsel; on consideration whereof, It is the opinion of this

Court, that the act of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, upon

which the indictment in this case is founded, is repugnant to the

Constitution and laws of the United States; and, therefore, void;

and that the judgment of the Supreme Court of, Pennsylvania

upon the special verdict found in the case, ought to have been

that the said Edward Prigg was not guilty. It ig, therefore, or-

dered and adjudged by this Court, that the judgment of the said

Supreme Court of Pennsylvania be, and the same is, hereby, re-

VOL. XVI.-3 L

85

674

SUPREME COURT

[Prigg y. The Commonwealth ofePennsylvania.]
versed. And this Court, proceeding to-ender such judgment in the premises as the said -Supreme Court of Pennsylvania ought to have rendered, do hereby order and adjudge that judgment upon the special verdict aforesaid be here 'entered, that the. said Edward Prigg is not guilty in manner and form as is charged against him in the saia indictment, -and,that he go thereof qvit without day; and that this cause be, remanded to the Supreme Court of -Pennsylvania with directions accQtdingly, so that such other proceeding may be had therein as to law and justice shall appertain.

THE ENV.

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

367

MERRIT MARtTIN AND OTHERS, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, V. THE
LESSEE oF WILLIAM C. Ii. WADDELL, DEFENDANT IN ERROR.
Ejectmeut for one hundred acres of land, covered with water, in Raritan bay, in the township of Perth Amboy, in the state of New Jersey. The land claimed lies beneath the navigable waters of the Raritan river and bay, where the tide ebbs ad flows; and the principal right in dispute was -the property in the oyster fisheries in the public rivers and bays of East New Jersey. The clqim was made under the charterd of Charles the Second to his brother the Duke of York, in 1664 and 1674, for the purpose of enabling him to plant a colony on the continent of America. The land in controversy is within the boundaries of the charters, and in the territory which now forms the state of New Jersey. The territory in thd grant, by succeeding conveyances, became vested in the proprietors of East Jersey, who con. veyed the premises in controver y to the defendant in error. The proprietors, by the terms of the grant to them, were originally invested with all the rights of government and property which were conferred on the Duke of York. Afterwards, in 1702, the proprietors surrendered to the crown all the powers of government, retain.' ing their rights of private property. The defendant in error claimed the exclusive right to take oysters in the, place granted to him, by virtue of his title under the proprietors The plaintis in error, as the grantea of the state of New Jersey, under a law of that State passed in 1824, and a supplement thereto, claimed fhe exclusive right to take cysters in the same place. The point in dispute between the parties depended upon the construction and legal effect of the letters patent to the Duke of York, arid of the deed of surrender, subsequently made by the proprietors.
The right of the King of Great Britain to make this grant to the Duke of York, with all of its prerogatives and powers of government, cannot at this day be questioned.
The English possessions in America were not claimed by right of conquest, but by right of discovery. According to the principles of international law, as then understood by the civilized powers of Europe, the Indian tribes in the new world were regarded as mere temporary occupants of the soil; and the absolute rights of property and dominion were held to belong to the European nations by which any portion of the country was first discovered.
The grant to the Duke of York was not of lands won by the sword, nor were the government, and laws he was authorized to establish intended for a conquered people.
The country granted by King Charles the Second to the Duke of York, was held by the king in his public and regal character, as the representative of the nation; and in trust for them. The discoveries made by persons acting under the authority of the government were for the 'benefit of the nation; and the crown, according to the principles of the British constitution, was the proper organ to dispose of the public domain. Cited, Johnson v. M'Intosh, 8 Vheat. 595.
When the Revolution took place, the people of each stite became themselves sovereign; and in that character held the absolute right to all t'eir navigable waters, and the soils under them, for their own common use, subject only to the rights since surrendered by thA constitution to the general government. A grant, therefore, made

368

SUPREME COURT.

[Maitin et al. v. Waddell.]

by their authority, must be tried and determined by different principles from those which apply to grants of the British crown, where the title is held by a single individual in trust for the whole nation. The dominion and property in navigable waters and the lands under them, being held by the king as a public trust, the grant to an individual of an exclusive fishery in any portion of it, is so much taken from the common fund intrusted to his care for the common benefit. In such cases, whatever does not pass by the grant renains in the crown for the benefit and advantage bf the whole.community. Grants of that description are, therefore, construed strictly; and it will not be presumed that the king intended to part from any portion of the public domain, unless clear and special words are used to denote it. The rivers, bays, bnd arms of the sea, and all the prerogative rights within the limits of the charter of King Charles, undoubtedly, passed to the Duke of York, and were intended to pass, except those saved in the letters patent. The questions upon this charter are very different. It is not a deed conveying pi. ate property, to be interpreted by the rules applicable to cases of that, description. It was an instrument upon which was to be founded the institutions of a great political community; and in that light it should be regarded and construed. The object in view of the letters patent appears on the face of them. They were made for the purpose of enabling the Duke of York to establish a colony upon the newly discovered continent, to be governed as nearly as circumstances would permit according to the laws and usages of England; and in which the Duke, his heirs, and assigns, were io stand ,in the place of the king, and administer the government according to the principles of the British constitution; and the people who were to plant this colony, and to form this political body over which he was to rule, were subjects of Great Britain, accustomed to be governed according to its usages and
laws. The land under the navigable waters within the limits of the charter passed to the
grantee, as one of the royalties incident to the powers of government, and were to be held by him in the same manner, and for the same purposes that the navigable waters of England and the soils under them are held by the crown. The policy of England, since Magna Charta-for the last six hundred years-has been carefully preserved; to secure the common tight of piscary for the benefit of the .public. It would require plain language in the letters patent to the Dpkq of York, to persuade the Court that the public and common right of fishing in navigable waters, which has been. so long and so carefully guarded in England, and whic& was preserved in every other colony founded on the Atlantic borders, was intended in this one iistance to be taken away. There is nothing in the chirter that requires this conclusion. The surrender by the proprietors to Queen Anne, in 1702. was of "all the powen. authorities, and privileges of and, concerning the governnlent of the province;" and the right in dispute in this case was one of these privileges. No words are used for
the purpose of withholding from the crown any of its oidinary and well-known prerogatives. The surrender, according to its evident object and megming, restored them in the same plight and condition in which they originally came to the hands
of the Duke of York. When the people of New Jersey took possession of the reins of govemment and took into their own hands the power of sovereignty, the

JANUARY-TERM, 1842.

369

[Martin etal. v. Waddell.]
-prerogatives and regalities which before belonged either to the crown or the parlia. ment, became immediately and rightfully veited in the state. Quere. Whethef on a question which depends not upon tha meaning of instruments 'formed by the people, of a sta :or by their authority, but upon the letters patent granted by the British crown, under which certain rights are claimed by the state, on one hand, and by private individuals, on the other, if the Supreme Court of the state of New Jersey had been of opinion that upon the face of the charter the question was clearly in favour of the state, and that the proprietors holdizig under the letteprastent had been deprived of theii'just rights by the erroneous judgment of the -State Court, it'could be maintained that the decision of the Court of the state on the construction of the~letters patent belmd'th3 Supreme Co'urt of the nifed States. The decision of the State Court upon the letters patent by which the province was originally granted by the. Kink of Great Britafn, is unquestionibly entitled to great weight. If the words of the letteis patent had be~d more doubtful, Quere, if the decision of a State Court on their construc'ion, made with gieat dpliberation and research, ought to be regarded as conclusive.

IN error to the Circuit Court of the United States for the dis: trict of New Jersey.
The defendant in 'error, the lessee. of William C. H. Waddell, instituted, to. April term, 1835, in the Circuit Court of the United States for the district of New Jersey,'an'action of ejectment, against Merrit Martin-and others, for the recovery of certain land covered with water, situated idi the Raritan bay, below high-water mark, in the state of New Jersey. The defendants appeared to the suit; and at April term,. 1837, the cause-was tried by a jury, who found a siecial'verdict on which' judgment was afterwards entered for the -plaintiff; froth which judgment the defendants prosecuted this writ of error.

The case' was argued by Mr. Wall, and Mr. Wood, for the plaintiffs in'error; and by Mr. Ogden and Mr. Wright, 'for the defendant.
The special verdict fQund that on the 12th day of March, 1664, certain letters patent, duly executed, were granted by Charles the Second, then Kiig of England, to James, Duke of York; and set forth the letters patent at large. The letters patent stated that the King,"For divers good causes and considerations us thereunto moving, having of our special grace, certain knowledge, and mere motion, given and granted, and by these- presents, for us, our heirs and successors, do give and grant unto our dearest bro-
47

810

SUPREME COURT.

[Msatda et al, v. WaddeIL]
ther, James, Duke of York, his heirs and assigns, all that, part. of the main land- of New England, beginning at a certain place called or known by the name of St. Croix, next adjoining to New Scotland, in America; and thence.extending along the seacqast, unto a certain place called Petuaquine, or Pemaquiff,'and so up the river th'reof. to the farthest hea:d bf'the sanre, as it tendeth northward; and extending from thencer to the river of Kenne.beque, and so upwards by the hortest dourse to the riverof Cdnada northward; and-also all that island orislands, commonly called by the several name or nAmes of Matowacks or Long Islatid, situate, lying and being towards the west of Cape Cod, and tne Narrow igansetts, abutting upon the main land between the two rivers there, called or.known by the several names of.Connecticut or Hudson rivers ;.together also with the said river,6lled -uda-,n river, and the lands from the west side-of Connecticut to the.east side of Delaware b~y And also all.those several islands called or known by the names of Martin's Vineyard -and Nantucks, or otherwise Nantuckett, (whereof the tenements aforesaid; with' the appurtenances in the declaration aforesaid mentioned are parcel;) Logether with all the lands, islands, soils, rivers, harbours, mines, minerals, quarries, woods, marshes, waters, lakes, fishings, hawkipgs, huntings, and fowlings, and all other royalties, profits, commodities and hereditamentsto said several islands, lands, and premises belonging and aipertaining, with their and every of thdir appur(enances, and all our estate, right; title, interest, benefit,-advantage, claim and demand, of, itl, or to the said lands and premises, or any part, or parcel thereof, and the reversion and reversions, remainder- and remainders, together with the vearly and.other the rents, revenues, and profits, of all*an& singular the said premises, and of every part and parcel- thereof, to have andto hold all and singular'the said lands, islands, hereaitaments, and premisesr, with their, and every of tfeir appurtenances, herbby given and. granted, or hereinbefore mentioned, to be given and granted 'unto our dearest brother James; Duke of York, his heirs and-assignis forev'er -to be holden of us, our heirs and successors, as of our ianor ot East Greenwich, in our county of Kent, in free and common soccage, and not in capitie, nor by knight service, yielding and rendering. And the same James, Duke of York, doth for himself, his heirs' and assigns, covenant and pro-

JANUARY TERM, i842.

371

[Marf et a]. v.Waddel+

mise to yield and render unto our heirs and successors, of and for the- same, yearly and every 'yar,forty bea: ar-skins, when they shall be demanded, or within ninety days after. And. we do further of our special gracey certain' knowledge, and mere 'motions, for us, our heirs and successors, give and grant unto our said dearest brother James, Duke of York, his heirs, deputies, agents, commissioners and assigns, by these presents, full and absolute power and authority to correct, punish, pardon, govern, and rule
-all such the subjects of us, our heirs and successors, as shall from time to time adventure themselves into any the parts"or places aforesaid, or that shall or do at any time hereafter inhabit witfin the same, according to such laws, orders, ordinances, directions and instruments, as by our said dearest brother or his assign, shall be established, and in defect thereof, in case of necessity, according to the good discretions of his deputies, commissioners, officers or assigns respectively; as well in all causes and matters capital and criminal, as civil, both marine and qthers, so always as the said statutes, otdinances and proceedings, be not contrary to,'but as near as convenently nsay be, agreeable to the laws, statutes and government of this 'our realin of England; and saving and reserving to us, ouir'heirs, and successors, the receiving, hear..,g, and determining of the appeal and appeals of all or any person or persons of, ir, or -belonging to the territories or islands aforesaid, in o r touching any judgment.or sentence to be there made orgiven. And further, that it shall aid may be lawful, to and for our said dearest brother, his heirs and assigns, by these 'presents, from time to time, to nominate, make, constitute, ordain, and confirm by such name or names, stile, or stiles as to him or them shall seem good, and likewise to revoke, discharge, change and ilter, as well all and singular7 the governors, officers and ministers, which hereafter- shall be by him or them thought fit and needful to be made or used within the aforesaid parts and islands; and also to make, ordain and establish all'manner of orders, 'laws, directions, instructions, forms and ceremonies of government and magistracy, fit and necessary for and concerning the government bf the territories and islands aforesaid, so always that the same be not conTrary to the laws anid statutes of this our realm of England, but as near is may be 6greeable thereunto, and the same at'all times hereafter to put in execution) or abroi-

SUPREME COURT.
(Martin et a]. v. Waddell.]
gate, revoke, or change, not only within the precinctsof the said territories or islands, but also upon the seas, in going and coming to and from the same, as he or they in their good discretion shall think to be fittest for the good of the adventurers and inhabitants there; and we do further, of our own special grace, certain knowledges and mere motions, grant, ordain, and declare that such governors, officers and ministers, as from time to time shall be authorized and appointed in manner" and form aforesaid,shall and may have full power and authority to use and exercise martial law, in cases of rebellion, insurrection, and mutiny, in as large and ample a manner as our lieutenants in our counties within our realm of England have or ought to have, by force of their commission of lieutenancy, or any law or statute of this our realm; and we do further, by these presents, for us, our heirs and successors, grant'unto our said dearest brother James, Duke of York, his- heirs and assigns, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said James, Duke of York, his heirs and assigns, in his or their discretion, from time to time, to admit such and. so many person or persons to trade and traffic uno and.within the said territories and islands aforesaid, and into every or any part or parcel thereof, and to have, possess, and enjoy any lands or herdditaments in the parts and places aforesaid, as they shall think fit, according to the laws, orders, constitutions, and ordinances by our said brother, his fieirs, deputies, commissioners, and assigns, from time to time to be made and established by virtue of,.and according to the true intent :and. meaping of these presents; and under, such conditions, reservations, and agreements as our said brother, his heirs or assigns, 'shall set down, order, direct and appoint, and not otherwise, as aforesaid; and we do further of our special grace, ceitain knowledge, and mere motion, for us our heirs and successors, give and grant unto our said dearest -brother,his heirs and assigns, by these presents, that it shall and may be lawful to and for him, them, or any of them at all, and every time and times hereafter, out of any. of our realms or dominions whatsoever, to take, lead, carry, atid transport in and into their voyages, and fdr and towards the plantations of our said territories andislands, all such and so many of our-loving subjects, or any other strangers being not prohibited or under restraint, that will become. our loving subjects, ant. live under our allegiance, as shall willingly

JANUTARY TERM,- '1842.

373

[Martin et a. v. WaddeIL]
accompany them in the said voyages'; together -with all such clothing, implements, furniture, and ther. things usually tr nsported, and not prohibited, as shall be necessary for the inhabitants of the said islands and territories, and for' their use and defence thereof, and managing and carrying on the trade with the people there; and Mnpassing and returning to and fro, yielding and paying to us, our heirs and successors, the customs and, duties, due and payable, according to the laws and customs of
this realm. And we also, for us, our heirs, and successors, grant to our said
dearest brother James, Duke of York, his heirs and assigns, and to all and every such governor or governors, or other officers or ministers as by our said dear brother, his heirs or assigns, shall be appointed, to have power and authority of governmeni and command in or over the inhabitants of the said territories or islands, that they and every of them, shall and lawfully may from time to time, and all times hereafter, forever, for their -several
defence and safety, encounter, expulse, repel, and resist, by force of arms, as well by sea as by land, and all' ways and means whatsoever, all such person and persons, as without the special license of our said dearest brother, his heirs or assigns, shall attempt to inhabit within the several precincts and limits of our said territories and islands, -and also all and every such pers6n and persons whatsoever, as shall enterprise or attempt at any time hereafter, the destruction, invasion, detriment, or annoyance to the parts, places, or islands aforesaid, or any part thereof; and, lastly, our will and pleasure is, and we do hereby declare and grant, that these our letters patent, or the enrolment thereof, shall. be good and effectual in the law, to all intehts and purposes whatsoever, notwithstanding thenot reciting or mentioning of the premises or any part thereof, or the metes or bounds thereof, or of any former or other letters patent or grants heretofore made or granted of the premises, or of atiy part thereof, by us or of any of our progenitors, unto any other person- or persons whatsoever, bodies politic or corporate, or any act, law, or -other restraint, uncertainty, Or imperfection whatsoever, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; although express mention of the true yearly value or certainty of the premises, or any of them, or of any other gifts or grants by us, or by any of our progenitors or
VOL. XVI.- I

$74

SUPRElME COURT.

[Martin at al. v. Waddell.]

predecessors heretofore made, to the said James, Duke of York, in these presents is not made, or any statute, act, ordinance,' provision, proclamation, or restriction heretofore had, made, enacted, ordained, or provided, or any other matter, cause, or thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding." '-The special verdict further found tf-at, onthe 23d day of June,
1664, James, Duke of York, by indenture conveyed to Lord Berkley'and Sir George Carteret, for a competent sum of money, all that tract of land adjacent to New England, lying and being to the westward of Long Island, and Manhitas Island, and *bounded on the east, part by the main sea and part by Hudson's river, having upon the west, Delaware bay or river, and exiending southward to the main ocean as far as Cape May, at the mouth of Delaware bay, and t$o the northward as far as the northernmost branch of the said bay or river of Delaware, which is in forty-one degrees and forty minutes of latitude, and crossing over theficl in-a straight line to Hudson's river, in forty-one degrees of latitude; which said, tract of land so as aforesaid demised, was, by the terms of the said indenture, thereafter to be called New Cosarea. or New Jersey, and was a portion and part of the said tract of land, so as aforesaid granted by the said Charles the Second to the said James, Duke of York, and of which said tract so as aforesaid demised, the tenants aforesaid, with the appurtenances in the"- declaration aforesaid mentioned, are parcel. To have and to hold to the said John, Lord Berkley, and Sir George Carteret, from the day next before the day of the date of the said indenture, for one whole year thence next ensuing. By virtue whereof, the said John, Lord Berkley, and Sir George Carteret, into the tenements so as aforesaid demised with the appurtenances entered, and were possessed thereof, for the term aforesaid, and being so thereof possessed, afterwards to wit, on the ,twenty-fourth day of the same month of June, in the year last aforesaid, by a certain indenture made between the said James, Duke of York, of the one part, and the said John, Lord Berkley, and Sir George Carteret of the other part, bearing date the same day and year last aforesaid, for and in consideration of a competentsum of good and lawful money of England, to the said James, Duke of York, paid by the said John, Lord Berkley, and the said Sir George Carteret, he, the said James, Duke of

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

S75

'Mart et 9l. v.Waadell.]

York, granted, bargained, sold, leased, and confirmed to the said John, Lord Berkley and Sir George Carteret, and .to' their heirs and assigns forever, they then being in their actfal possession, the tenements last aforesaid, with the appurtenances, so as aforesaid, to be called New Ceesaraea oi New Jersey; and also, all rivers, mines,, minerals, woods, fishings, hawkings, huntings, and fowlings, and-all other royalties, profits, commodities,'and herediaments whatsoever, to the said land and premises belonging, or in anywise appertaining, with their and every, of their appurtenances, in as full and ample a manner as the 'same were granted to the said Sames, Duke of York, by the before-recited letters patent, to have and to hold the tenements last aforesaid, with the appurtenances and every of them, unto the said John, Lord Berkley, and Sir George Carteret, their heirs and assigns forever.
-The special verdict further found that afterwards, on the 29th day of June, 1674, King Charles the -Second granted to James, -Duke.of York, and on the 28th and 29th days of July, 1674, Yimes, Duke of York, for a competent sum of mohey granted and conveyed to Sir George Carteret, all that tract of land adjacent to New England, lying and being to the westward of Long Island and' Manhitas Island, and bounded on the east, part by the main sea; and part by -udson's river, extending southward as far as a certain creek, called Barnagat, being about the middle between Sandy Point and Cape May, and :bounded on .the west, in -a straighf line from. said creek, called Barnagat, to a certain creek in Delaware river, called Renk'okus Killi and thence up the said' Delaware Tiver, to the northernmost branch thereof, in latitude forty-one degrees and forty minutes, and on the north, crossing over in a straight line to Hudson's iiver, in forty-one degrees of latitude, (of which said tract of land and premises.last mentioned and demised, the tenements aforesaid, with the appurtenances in the declaration aforesaid mentioned are parcel,) together with all mines, minerals, woods, rivers, fishings, hawkings, huntihgs, and fowlings, and all the royalties, profits, commodities, and heredita-
ments whatsoever, to the said last-mentioned tenements belonging, or.irL anywise appertaining: with their and every of their appurtenances; in as full and ample a manner as the same were granted to the said James, Duke ofYork, by the before-recited letters patent; -to have and to hold the tenements last aforesaid

376

SUPREME COURT.

[Martin-et al. v. WaadefL1

with te 'appurtenahces, .and every of them unto the said Sir George Cartaret, his heirs and assigns forever.. And, further, that previous-to the execution of the, said 1st- nentioned lettern patent, aiid of the said several herein before-meitioned indenture-
following the same, to wit, on the hirteenth day,of June, ir.thc year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and seventy-four, by
a certain proclamation published andpromuged on the same day and year last aforesaid, by the said Charles the Sdcond : he, the said'Charles the .Second, did command and-charge all persons whatsoever,. inhabiting the said province, of -New Cwsarca or New Jersey, whereof twe tenements, aforesaid, with the appurtenances in the declaration af5resaid mentioned, are parcel, fo yield obedience to the laws and government which were or should be thereafter established in-the said province, by the said Sir George
Carteret,'(who, in the Words of the said proclamation, had -the sole. power under Mim, the said Charles the Second, to settle and dispose, of the said province, upon such terms and conditions as to him, the said Sir George Carteret, should appear fit,) upon pain of incurring the hign displeasure of the said Charles the Second, and of being proceeded against according to law
The jury further found that afterwards by conveyances from *Sir George Qarteret to divers persons, and by conveyances from Lord Berkley and the will of Sir 'George Carteret. and sundry mesne conveyances and deeds of partition, set forth in the special'verdict, and by-a deed of confirmation, from the. Duke of York, the part of the province of New JeTsey, called East New Jersey, of-which the premisesin this ejectment. are part, became vested in twenty-four proprietors, and all rights, benefits, 'and advantages, and all and every the isles, islands, rivers, mines, minerals, woods, fishings, hawkings, huntings, fowlings, and all other royalties, governments, powers, forts, franchises, harbours, profits, commodities, and here'ditaments whatsoever, unto the said easterly part of the said province of New Jersey, belonging or in anywisp appertaining, with their, and every of their appurtenances; and all the estate,,right, title, and interest, claim and advantage, whatsoever, as.well in law as in equity, of the saica grantors, and each and every of them, of, in, unto, and out of said easterly part of the said province of New Jersey, and of every part and parcel -thereof,and the reversion and reversions,

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

377

[Martin et Lv. Waddell

remaider and r6mainders, of tie same, and of every parn and

parcel thereof, and all the rents, duties, serviceds, resbrved upon

.ny estates or grants theretofore maade by the said -Lord Berkley

and Sir George Carteret, or by any persons claiming any estate,

interest, or authority, from, by, or under either of them, of any

part of the. said premises thereby conveyed unto .the said Sir

George Cartereti to have and to hold to. the said Sir George 'Car-

teket, and to his heirs 'and assigns in severalty, to the sole and

only use of the said Sir George Carteret, his heirs and assigns

forever; and that it was further agreed and covenantea in the

said indenture, quintipartite,.that the'part of the said province

of New Jersey, therein conveyed to the said Sir George Carteret

should thereafter be known and distinguished. by the name of

East New Jersey.

The jurors further found that on the fourteenth.day of March,

1682, the Duke of York, in consideration of a competent sum of

money for the better extinguishing of all such claims and de-

mands as the said Duke of York, and his heirs might in anywise

have, of, or in the premises, with the appurtenances. called East

New Jersey, as aforesaid, did grant, bargain, sell, release, convey,

and confirm unto the said twenty-four-proprietors, their heirs and

assigns, all' the premises, with the appurtenances so as aforesaid,

called East New Jersey, and every part and parcel therebf, to-

gether with all islands, bays, rivers, waters, forts, mines, miaprals,

quarries, royalties, franchises, whatsoever, to the same belonging,

or in anywise appertaining, and also, the free use of all bays,

rivers, and waters leading unto, or lying between the said last-

mentioned premises, or any of them, for free. trade, navigation,

fishery, or otherwise, to have and to hold, to the said twenty-four

proprietors, their heirs and assigns forever to the only proper use

and behbof of the said twenty-four proprietors, their heirs and

assigns forever. And that the said Duke of York, by the said last-

mentioned ijadenture, did also grant, transfer, and assign to the said

twenty-four proprietors, and to their heirs and assigns, proprietors

of the said province of East New Jersey for the time being, all and

every such, and the same powers, authorized jutidictions, govern.

ments, and other matters and things whatsoever, which by.the said

several above-recited letters patent, from the said Charles the Se-

cond, to the said Duke of York, or either of them, were granted or

212

48

378

SUPREME COURT.

[Martin it al. v, Waddell.]

intended to be granted-, to be exercised by the said Duke of York,
his heirs, or assigns, his or -their-agents, or officers in or upon the said premises, by the said last-mentioned indenture, confirmed or intended to be thereby coifirmed, and every of them, to be beId, enjoyed, exercised, anid executed by the said twentyrfour proprietors,.their-heirs and assigns, proprietors of the said last-mentioned premises, for-the time being, as fully, amply, to, all intents, constructions, and'proposes, as -the said Duke of York, or his heirs could or ought to hold, enjoy, use, exercise, or execute the same by force and 'virtue of the said seveial above-recited letters patent or otherwise, howsoever..
The jurors further found that.King Charles the Second, on the twenty-third day of November, 1683, by an instrument in writing, duly executed, and reciting the said la~t-mentioned indenture, from the said. Duke of York, to the said, twenty-four proprietors, did recognise their right to the soil and government of the said province of East New Jersey, and did strictly charge and command the planters and inhabitants, and all other persons concerned in the same, to -submit and yield all due obedience to the laws and government .of the said twenty-four proprietors, their heirs, and assigns, as'absolate proprietors and governors thereof, who in the words of the said instrument in writing, had the sole power and right, derived under the said Duke of York, from him the said Charles the Second, to settle and dispose of the said province of East New Jersey, upon such terms and conditions as to the twenty-four proprietors, their heirs and assigns, should seem meet, as also, to their deputy or deputies, agents, lieutenants, and officers lawfully commissioned by them, according to the powers and conditions granted to them.
The jurors further found that afterwards, on the fifteenth day of April, 1702, the said twenty-four proprietors, and the other persons, in whom the whole estate, right, title, and interest in the said province of East New. Jersey, were vested at the said lastmehtioned date as proprietors thereof, by an instrument in writing, under their hands and seals, bearing date the same day and year last .aforesaid, did for themselves, and ttheir heirs, surrender and yield up unto Anne, Queen 'of England, &c., and to her heirs and successors, all the -powers and authorities in the said letters patent granted, -tocorrect.,furnish pardon, govern, and rule

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

379

[Martin et al. v. Waddell.]

all or any of her sail.maje t's subjects or others, who then were as inhabited orthereafter might adventure into r.inhabit within the said province of East New Jersey; and also to nominate, ni.ae, cbnstitute, ordain, .and confirm any laws, -orders, ordinanices, directions, and instruments for.those' purposes or any of them,.afid to nominate, constitute or appcint, ievoke, discharge, change, or alter any governor or governors, officers or ministers, which were,
or should be appointed within the said province, and to 'make, ordain, and establish, any orders, laws, directions, instruments, forms or ceremonies' of government and magistracy, for or con'cerning the, same, or on the sea in going to or coming from the same, or to Eput. in execution, or abrogate, revoke or change such as were already made for or concerning s'ieh gdvernment or.any of them; and also all the powdrs and authofities tiy the 'said. *letterspatent granted, to use and exercise martial faw in the said
province of East New Jersey, and to admit. any person or persons to trade or traffic there; and if encountering, repelling and resisting by force.of rrms, any person or persons attempting to inhabit there without the lice' ie of them, the said proprietors, their heirs and isigns, and all other the powers, authorities, and privileges of, and'concerning the government of the province last. .aforesaid, or the inhabitants thereof, which.-were gianted or mentioned to be granted by the said several above-recited letters patent, or either of them. And that the same Queen Anne, afterwards, to wit, on the 'seventeenth day of th same month April, in the year last aforesaid, did accept of the said.surrender of the said powers of government, so made by the said proprietbri in and over the premises last aforesaid..
And the jurors further found 'that, afterwards, on the 251h.of November, 1824, the legislature of the state of New Jersey passed an act which declared that the shore and land covered by the waters of the sound and Raritan river, inthe township of Perth Amboy, should be set apart for the purpbse of planting and growing oysters, subject to a rent to be paid to the state of New Jersey, and authorized.the commissioners, acting under the law, to permit the owners of the adjdcept land to stake off, lots within the surveys of the commissioners ;, which' sirveys of the land covered with water, the commissioners were directed to make. The jury found that the defendants in the ejectment,'having com-

380

SUPREME COURT.

[Martin et al. v. Waddell.]
plied with the regulations of the act of Assembly, were in possession of the lands covered with water, for the recovery of which the ejectment was brought.
The jury found the premises in dispute are situated beneath the waters of the,Raritan river and bay, where the tide ebbs and flows. That the plaintiffs in the ejectment claimed title under regular 'conveyances from those to whom the proprietors of East Jersey had given deeds in fee-simple for the premises claimed by them.
The cause was argued at large, by the counsel for the plaintiffs and the defendants, on many poinis; but the decision of the Supreme Court having been givenexclusively on the questions presented on the construction and effect of the letters patent, and the effect of the surrender by the proprietors of East Jeisey to Queen Anne, in 1702, the arguments of counsel on these questions only are given.

Mr. Wood, (with whom was Mr. Wall,) for the plaintiffs in error. It is admitted that the KIing of Great Britain, Charles the Second, had the power to grant the territory of New Jersey, as private property, and that he did so grant it, including private rivers, ordinary mines, &c., This territory was discovered and held, not for revenue, but for colonization and settlement. After the grant, it was held by the proprietors as private property detached from government, and not as demesne lands of the government. This is conformable to usage. The proceeds of sales of the territory went int6 the private purse of the proprietors, and was not applied to the- fiscal purposes of the government. Taxes were resorted to under the proprietary government to raise revenue. -It is also admitted, that the king had power to create colonial and palatine gdvernments, and juisdictions. This power was disputed and denied after the Revolution of 1688; but this did not operate retrospectively, and destroy such patents as were already
granted. It is also admitted that the surrender to Queen Anne embraced
no private prbperty; but that the same was all reserved to the
proprietors. To enable the plaintiff below to recover, he must be able to
maintain two positions, 1st, That he has a possessdry title to the

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

381

(Mardn et al. v. Waddell.]
premises in question, the soil of this navigable water: and, 2dly, That there was not a common right of fishery in the people at
large in the premises in question. In ejectment, the party must recover possession of the soil, and
therefore he must show a possessory title. If there was in the people of -New Jersey a common right of
fishery, the legislature exercising plenary sdvereignty could unquestionably dispose of it; modify it, lease it, and exercise every act of ownership and control over it. Of course, the lease of it under the statute to the defendant would be good. The use and occupancy of the premises by.te defendant, is only commensurate with that right. He does not pretend to take absolute possession qf the soil. He cannot be ejected from a possession commensurate with his right.
Has the plaintiff shown a possessory title to the soil? All titles in New Jersey go back to the grant of Charles the Second to the Duke of York; and much depends upon the sound construction of this grant, in reference to the premises in question. There are, according to our view, two prominent errors in that opinion of which we complain; and it may contribute to a right understanding of the argument to point them out at the thres-
hold. First, In a grant by the king of prerogative rights to a subordi-
nate governor, the regalia thus granted continue attached, to the government, in the same way as when they were in the hands of the crown. In the grant of the right to an individual, they become mere private property-private franchises. The distinction, as will be shown, was in the mind of the Circuit Court; but it did not make such a vivid impression as to induce the Court to carry it out to its legitimate results.
Secondly, It is thought the Court erred in clothing the king with too despotic a power over the territory in question---treating him as'an absolute despot, independent of parliament, and in considering the grant as transferring to the duke such absolute powers.
It is admitted this royal grant has a double .aspect--a public and a private aspect. The plaintiff below must succeed in bringing his claim under the second point if he succeed at all.
This country was held by right of discovery, and not conquest. It was only retaken from the Dutch and claimed on the ground

382

SUPREME COURT.

[Martin et aLv]. Waddell.]

of this prior right of discovery. Smith's New JQrsey Laws, 36, 87; 1 Story on the Constitution, 136; Chitty's Prerog. 29,- 30; Canal Commissioners v. The People, 5-.Wend. 445; Bogardus v. Trinity Church, 4 Paige,.178.
The inhabitants emigrating to this country, carried with them the laws of England, so far as they were applicable to their situation. 4 Paige, 178 , 2 P. Wms. 75 ; 2 Salk. 411 ; Clark's Colonial Law, 7; 1 Chalmers's Opinions, 198; 2 Chalmers's Opinions, 202. The use of fisheries and rivers, as common property, was peculiarly applicable to their situation.
If claimed by conquest, the English when invited to settle there, would carry with them their own laws ind constitutional rights. 1 Story on the Constitution, 111, and cases cited.
Again, If claimed by conquest, even as to the conquered, the moment English law is introduced by proclamation or otherwise, it is irrevocable by the king. Cewp. R. 213. Here it was introduced in the royal grant itself.
The great principles of British liberty must be considered, as accompanying this royal charter, and it must be construed ac-
cordingly. It is matter of history, that the Stuarts, to encourage emigra-
tion, introduced into these colonies the broadest principles of British liberty. The fundamental constitutions of New York show this. " The people have always appealed to Magna Charta as the foundation of American as well as British liberty.
There is no language in this royal grant that will pass the sea and its arms as private property.
We must here treat it in the same way as if the king had granted a tract of land to a private individual. The plaintiff below can derive no aid from its being a public grant. of territory - and government. In that sense, we admit, the rivers pagsed; and will presently,.show how they passed.
-We contend, first, that 'the sea and its arms were part of the regalia or prerogative rights of the crown.
*And, secondly, that they could! not, upon a sound construction of this charter, pass as private property to the Duke in his private capacity.
First, They are always called royal rivers. Banne Case, Davies' Rep. 155; Shultze, Aouatic Rights, 1 Bi. Com. 264. Pre-

JANUARY TERM, i842.

S83

[Martia eta. v.Wadaell.]

rogative rights are such as are pre-eminently in the king by way of preference over his subjects. Such as royal mines, wrecks, royal fish.,
Such rights as are held by the king on the same common ground as a subject holds and are not prerogative rights. Such, for instance, -as private rivers and the ordinary demebne lands of the crown. Chitty's Prerog. 4. Royal rivers arp preeminently in the king. Private rivers are presumed to be owned
by the adjacent proprietors. Not so with public rivers; they are, at common law, in the king.
Again,' The sea-and its arms are peculiarly and pre-eminently in the king, iri respect to their uses; all of which, at common law, are public, and they are held by the king for the public benefit, viz., navigation, fishery, the mooring of vessels,, which is subject to the jus preventionis. Angel on Tide-waters, 158.
The private rights arise only after the character is changed, as in the case of alluvion, wharfing out, draining, &c. Such rights until consummated are mere possibilities.
The right in the sea and its arms centres in the king for conservation of the public use. As a highway is called in the law the king's highway.
The counsel for the proprietors in Moody v. Arnold contended there was no distinction between the rights of the king, inasmuch as they were all held by the king, under his prerogative or political capacity. . Halsted, 58. This argument confounded the distinction between the capacity in *hich the king holds, and the rights held by him. Though he holds all in his political capacity, he holds some pre-eminently as regalia or royal rights. General words, "1rivers, mines," &c., do not pass royal rivers, royal mines. Cases of Mines, Plowd. 333, 334, 336; Alton Wood's Case, 1,Co. 46 b; 16 Viri. 597, Prerog. Ka. sec. 27; 0hitty's Prerog. 392; Canal Commissioners v. The People, 5 Wend. 451.
Nothing passes against'the king by implication. Banne Case, Davies's Rep. 157; Jure Coronm, 117; 7Conn. Rep. 200. The term "rivers" will not pass the soil. Davies's Rep, 154. The term's "1ex certa scientia,"' &c., never have the effect to enlarge thecons truction so as to embrace prerogatiye rights, in such general terms, Alton Wood's. Case, I Co. 46 b, and the above case in 16 Viner.
Such general terms as "all royalties," will not have the effect.

384

SUPREME COURT.

(Martin et ali,. W ddelL]
7 Conn. Rep. "200. But in the grant in question, it is all royalties appertaining to the premises granted. "Apnurtenance&s " will pass nothing, except such things as are strictly appurtenant. Chitty's Prerog. 392. It will not be pretended that royal rivers are appurtenant to the adjacent private land.,
These doctrines were fully maintained in this Court, in the ease of Charles River Bridge, in 11 Peters. It will also be borne. in mind, that this ancient grant is to be construed, mreference to the rights of the prerogative, as then understood
We shall now view this royal charter in its other aspects as a great state paper, containing a transfer of tertitory with the powers of government, according'to the principles of the British
constitution. In this respect it is to be construed upon liberal principles of
publiclaw. We admit that under ihis aspect of the case, the regalia passed. And we contend that, if the grants did contain language sufficient to pass them on technical grounds, they will be construed to pass to the duke as the regalia of the government;
he standing in the .place of the crown, to hold them as the king
held them. All the regalia, such as the sea and its arms, or 'Ile royal rivers, royal mines, wrecks, &c., &c., were held by the duke and the proprietory government under him, as attached to the government. The duke being in the place of the king in respect to them. 1 Halsted, 77, 78.
This construction is supported by considering,.First, The character and purpose in and for which the territory was held by the king. Secondly, The design of the royal grants.-
First, The territory was held and could only.be held for settlement by colonization or otherwise. If held to lie idle, there would be the same objection to it as to the Indian title.
Second, The design of the grant was to col6nize and settle with British subjects, in order to consummate the title and extend the British dominions. The purpose was, as the grant purports on is face, to introduce British law, ard the British
constitution. To effect these great objects, it was indispensable that all the
regalia or -royal rights should -be beld here as they were in England, attached to the governmnt, and for the benefit of the people.

JANUAk1Y TERM, 1s42.

85

[Martn et al. v. Waddell.]

Prerogative rights are held for the benefit of the community;

mote especially those charged with the common use, as royal

rivers. "Chitty's Prerog. 4; 4 T. R. 410; The Elisha, 5 Rob.

Adnm. Rep. 159. According to this view of the grant, the sea adnd

its arms may correctly be said to be appurtenant to the govern-

ment and tetritory as a colonial domain.

This construction is illustrated by the cases of counties pala-

tine.

The count palatine derives his name, a pelatio, from his stand-

ing in the place of the king, and indictments are charged against

- hil peace. 4 Inst. 204. Hence lands in a county-palatine, when granted by the count, pass within livery. 4 Inst. 206. Lands

may be holden of him in capite, though they cannot be 6f a pri-

vate subject. Davies's Rep. 181.

The regalia are" not private, as they would be, in the handsof

an"ordinary subject; - The count palatine can, establish Courts

ofjustic6. The regalia in a county palatine are incident to ine gqvern-

njent. -Boss v. Bishop of Durham, 2 Bulst. 226, 227. It is suf-

ficient to prescribe for franchises not granted-by showing. a

county palatine;. 4 Com. Dig, Franchise, D) 7.;

A county palatine -is an inferior subordinate jurisdiction in the heart of the kingdom, with mere judicial and admihistrative

-powers, A colonial government/extends over a large territory, and is

clothed with high legislative and executive power as well as judiial-with complete, though subordinate sovereignty.

If the regalia pass in a county palatine, as incident to the sub-

ordinate jurisdiction, the. reasons for passing them as incident

to the colonial go.vernent, to be held and applied to the benefit

of the colonists, applies with tenfold force.

The surrender by the proprietors of the government to Queen

Anne, included a surrender of all the regalia, such as wrecks,

royal rivers, &c. 1st, Impliedly. 2d, In express terms.

1st, Impliedly.-If the above view taken of the grant be cbr-

rect, this follows of course

If these regalia were by the royal grant converted into mere

private franchises in the hands of individuals, as prvate property.,

detached altogether from the government, as we havre admittqd.

VOL. XVI.-2 K

49

SUPREME COURT.
"MartinaetaL. v. Waddell.]
to be in the case with the soil and private rivers, then they were not surrendered. If they continued concomitants 6f the government, then clearly they were surrendered. What is a surrender but a rettansfer? - If the regalia pass incidentally by the creation or transfer of the sovereign power, they .will, of course, pass by the surrender or retransfer thereof.. A king de *factotakes the jure ;regalia. - Chitt. Prerog. 205.
But there. are in this surrender e4ress terms, apt and:sufficient to retransfer-the regalia to the crown.
. They surrender all powers, authorities, and privileges of and concerning the government, and the inhabitants thereof. Learning and Spicer, 6'15.
"Privileg6s" embraces the regalia in their hands.. It was-so understood by the proprietors. Sec. 13. It is so used at common law. 7 Com.'Dig. Prerog. D. 32.
If only the high political powers of government were designed to be surrendered, why was this language inserted in the surrender? The government itself embraces all these high political powers, and is senseless without them. All the minor jure regalia concerned theigovernment and the inhabitants.
The protocol is referred to,, Leaming and Spicer, 590, 596, wherein it is stated that the rights in the seas cannot well be circumscribed. The rights of the seas there referred to, were wrecks, royal fish, &c.
Now, any one familiar with the jurisprudence of New Jersey knows that the proprietors never claimed or pretended, after the surrender, to claim these rights. The error here arises from attending to the protocol or negotiation, instead of the surrender itself. The proprietors negotiated for a reservation of those rights, like the Duke of Athol. But though the commissioners were at first disposed to -concede some of them, 'yet finally none of them were reserved in the surrender. But this attempt on the part of the proprietors to procure such a reservation, shows they were satisfied that the surrender would pass them to the crown, unless an express reservation could be obtained.
In the construction of all ancient instruments, but more especially of public grants, long continued usage should have great influence.
Next ad to the rights in the sea and its arms.

JAN.UARY TERM, 1842.

387

[Marti et a. v. W9aAeD.]

1. As to wrecks. - This is one of the minor regalia, respecting property, and is often vested in the subject as a franchise. Lords of manors bordering on the sea frequently claim it. - Yet this was surrendered, and has been the subject of repeated regulation by statutes providing when, and.under what circumstances the proceeds shall be paid into the state exchequer. Patterson's Laws, 385.
2. Ferries when established-wharves, ferry-stairs, piers, &c., stretch into'the rivers and bays. If over a private river, the owner of the ferry would have to purchase the land of the owner of.the river. No such claim to the public rivers has been set up by the proprietors.
3. Bridges. Toil bridges, and bridges connected with turnpikes, railroads, &c., when established over a public river, occupying the soil, would be an encroachment upon the rights of the proprietors, if they owned the bed of such river. Compensation in sucli cases is always made to the owners of private rivers and fast land; but none has been made to the proprietors as owners of the public rivers.
4. The right of the riparian proprieLor to wharf out. into the.
public river, is a local custom in -New Jersey. How can the growth of such a custom be reconciled with the idea that the soil and fisheries in tihose public waters were the private property of the lords proprietors.
5. In all the public waters of the state they have two kinds of fisheries-common fisheries--and pirivate or shore fisheries, belonging to the riparian owner. The latter is confined to fisheries -for those kinds of fish which were usually taken by hauling the net upon the shore, and are called shore fisheries. By long usage, these kinds of fisheries have grown into private rights, belonging to the riparian owner, and have been recognised by repeated legislative acts. Bennet v. Boggs, 1 Baldwin's Rep. 70. Those common of fisheries and riparian severi fisheries are all incompatible with the claims of the proprietors, who, under such claims would have had several fisheries in all the rivers, and disposed of them to their grantees.
The Delaware Whs by an early law declared to be a common fishery. But this grew out of the controversy with Pennsylvania, and was the assertion of a right as against -theni. The

388

SUPREME COURT.

[Martiu.et I. v. Waddell.]

same common rights of fishery have existed in all the other waters of the state. Leaming and Spicer, 480.
.6. The oyster fisheries are common in all the. rivers and, bays of the state, and have always been protected as such.
The acts recite the rights of the poor to take 'oysters, and protect them from encroachment bycitizens ofother states; all founded on the idea of common right. 1 Halsted, 90, 91; 1 Allison's N. J.Laws, 57, Preamble; I Pat. 203; 1 Nevile, 87.
It is not pretended that the proprietors have ever possessed or enjoyed any of the regalia since 'the surrender. They have occasionally made a few grants which have extended over these public waters, but they have been very few. Their grants have almost invariably been confined to the bank or margin of the public rivers. See 4 Griffith's Law Register, 1292. But in the few grants they have made, it is not pretended that'the grantees have ever set up several fisheries for oysters, or floating fish; or claimed and exercised an exclusive right in any other way.
One would suppose, if the proprietors had claimed'the regalia after the surrender, they 'would at once have asserted and exercised the right of extinguishing the Indian title, a prerogative right appertaining to private property. But this has never been claimed or exercised independently of license from the' royal government. General usage in New Jersey, then, is decidedly hostile to this extraordinary claim of the proprietors.
A question has arisen whether the King of England can grant the soil of the .sea and its arms, s6 as to destroy or prejudice public rights. Not considering this question at all material to the main argument, I have purposely kept it out.
If he had not such a power, however, it serves to strengthen the construction of the royal grant that he did not intend thus to convey the sea and its arms .bythis charter. It has been shown that all the uses to which these public waters can be 'pplied are public and common.
It is only when the waters are excluded from the soil by alluvion, wharfing'out, &c., &c.,that it becomes private; and then the whole character is changed. *Udallv. The Trustees of Brooklyn, 19 Johns. Rep. 175.
To grant the soil, so as to, give an individual the right to take it after such a change, has been made a nice question; and ithas

JANUARY TERM) 1842.

389

[Mrtin et &Ltp.WaddelLj

been stated that a grant to have this effect -mtst be .pbcial y
formed. Harg. 18 ; 2 Anst. 604, 609. But why need it be so specially formed; if the king ean at once grant so as to vest in an.individual the soil, .and divested of all common'use before the change takes placeT.
Common of fishery, is a rght which may be specially pldaded, and cannot be traversed. -Richardson v. The Vlayor of Orford, 2 H. Black. 182; S. C.4 Term Rep. 437; Wardv. Creswoll, Willes'.Rep. 268. A grant of'soil eannotdestroDy the common right of fishery, Chit. Prerog. 142; 2 Bl. Com. 39. The distinction 'drawn by Blackstone between free and several fisheries.is not that the latter requires an ownership of the soil, but~ai exchisive .fishery in a private river, gfanted by a private person. See Chitty.onFisheries, 243-269.. Harg. p. 11, admits a commonright of.fishery cannot be destroyed.
The grants and pre-emptive rights spokefi.of in.t~ia books are claims by prescription, and grants of pfescriptive rights, arising or presumed to have arisen prior to Magna Charta. See also 5 Mod. 73; Siderfin, 148; 149; 16 Vin. Piscary,,b 1;. Year Book, 8 ed. 4, 18 ;.7 East, 195 ; 1 Inst.'Magna Charta. ch. 16, 23.
The grant of the river Thames opposite London,.is-founded on an ancient prescriptive grant. Shultie, 56. No case can be shown of a grant since. Magna Charta and its confirmation, not founded on an ancient prescriptive'right.s
The royal fisheries in the river Banfie were special'io'altiqS. the ancient inheritance of the crown resting upon"old charters, collected from the Pipe Rolls; the evidence of -which as -there adduced, Would have~beeii supei-fluous, if the king has the right and power over the navigable waters here contended for.
The only r.emaining question to be considered.is, the effect of Lae decisions of Mundy v. Arnold, 1 Haisted, 1 ; and 1 Penning. Rep. 391.
The first of these cases occupied the whole ground. The suit was brought on a location made under the proprietors with a view to try the right.' Ini the other case the 'question came up fncidentally.
The object of thi's suit unquestionably was, to review and'overturn the decision of Mundy v.A nold.
There is no pretence for -alleging that: any q4uestion under the 2K2

390

SUPREME COURT.

[Martin et aL . .Waddel3
Constitution of the United States arose in Mundy v. Arnold. The question was of unwritten local laws, resting on the construction of an ancient charter applicable to real .property, and affected by the uage of the state.
The jurisdiction of this Court over cases where citizens of another state than the one in which the ,suit arises aie concerned, rests upon the ground that the federal Courts, in applying the law, will'be more free from any undue in~uence.
Buf it is state law they are to apply, not to review, alter, or ,remodel state law.
The jurisdietion of this Court is not controlling or reviewing. It.is not, so far as.respects the settling of state law, equal. It issubordinate. The federal Courts follow, an4 do not -lead. Their juiisdiction is occasional. Perhaps not one part in tei thousand of the public waters in question, are under the jurisdiction, of this Court at all.
The 'membersof this Court cannot be expected to be acquainted withi all those local usages and opinions which enter into and modify the laws of a state, especially its unwritten law. Hence this Court -had, decided that the state judiciary is presumed best to knbw its own law, band is the appropriate organ t6 expound and settle. it. Elmendorf r..Taylor," 10 Wheat.; Bell v. ,Marrison, 1 Petersp 359, 360. Hence this Court follows and changes with the state law. Green v. Neal, 6 Peters, 301.
,It is said the decision in Arnold vi Mundy was not carried UP
arid de6ided in the Court of Appeals. -The true point to be as-
certained is whether that decision -is state law; whether it has
been so far adopted and acted upon as to form a part of its un-
written law. There are two brariches of unwritten law in relation to this
subject.
1. Those old and well-established doctrines about which there
can be no.dispute, and which can never be modified or changed
without legislative interference, such as the law of descents.
2. Adjudications upon .caseg eonstantly arising, attended with
new combinations of circumstances. It is in reference to this second branch, that the rule applies. Under the.maxim, stare decisis,
these adjudications form part of the unwritten common law.
But they may occasionally, when 'foumd not to woik well, be

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

391

[14i-tin-et aL t,"Waddeml.

.modified. This flexibility is made to harmonize with the.stability

resulting from the application of the above maxim.- The'power of reconsidering and new-modelling adjudications.will be expezcised with great delicacy and caution. Adjudications once deliberately

made, are held as forming part of the settled law; notwithstanding this occasional -interterence with' the, rule. An occasional

deviation does not impair the character of a fixed rule. Wheli an adjddication-is once d liberately made by a Court competent to settle the law, the power of disturbing or remodeling it does not belong to the tribunal of a foreign gQvremment.
If such a point came up in the Supreme, Court of any other state upon the local law of New Jersey, an6 it might come up incidentally, such a decision as .inArnold v. Mundy would be implicitly followed. The Courts at Westminster JIall:would implicitly follow it. This Court, under. the decision of Green v. Neal, would implicitly follow it.

Is the Supreme Court of Niw Jersey.competent to settle law; or must it be carried up to the Court of Appeals? The appeals to that Court are. only occasional. There are no reports of their decisions. The decisions of'the Supreme Court qre all reported by law; and they have by force of law and uisage, the authority of binding precedents in the state when not appealed from.
When cited in other cases, even in the Court of Appeals, they are respected as. precedents an& as state law; more especially when they haVe'stood for years, and have become the basis of business traftslactions and of legislative action, as in the present

case.

It is also objected, that there has been. but one decision upon this point. One decision fully and thoroughly investigated may

be more effective than half a dozen decisions slightly considered. This ought not to be made a question of arithmetic. There are seldom in any case fully discussed more than one decision, be-

cause a Court will not, unless in a very special case, hear a second argument in the same or -in another cause on the same point. It may, in other cases, be incidentally alluded to, but this can add little weight to the force of the decision. If that is wanted, we

have it in this case. The doctrine was incidentally passed upon in 1 Penning. Rep. 391. Tide-waters were there held by the Court, and admitted by all the counsel, to be public navigable rivers.

$9

SUPREME COURT.

[Martin et at. v. Waddell.]
The' oyster 'fishery there, was only deemed to be public and common on that account. It has noWhere been decided by this Court, that there must be more than one decision, or a decision of the Cburt of Appeals in those states where they have such Courts; in order to introduce a case into the settled law of the state; such a doctrine, if carried out, would unsettle a vast body of law, and would be productive of infinite mischief in those states where.a" branch of the legislative body forms an occasional Court of Appeal. Remarks made by the Court in the case before them, must be taken in reference to the circumstances. In a caqe where' the decisiofi was by the State Court of Appeals, it may be said to form o part of the settled law: so where there have been several decisions, as sometime 'happens in will -cases, they may be said to have the same effect; but it does not follow that one'decision may not have the same effect; In 5 Peters, 151, and 6Peters, 299, this Court followed a single decision of the 'State Courts. A-contrary'doctrine would lead to unforttinate conflicts betwerL the state and federa , judiciary. If this*Court should attempt to overturn Arnold-'-v. Mundy; it could not be.'binding upon the State Cdurts. There would then be only on&decision here. And upon the principles already settled in this Court, they would be bound to rpspect and foow the decision of their own State Court 'in preference:, If this 'Court 'should b6lieve 'that the soil was in ' the plaintiff below, but there was a common right of fishety, for the reason above stated, the judgment should be in favour of the dbfendants below.

-Mr. Ogden -for the d6fendants'in error. Therb are two questions in. this case, First, the extent of the grant of King Charles the Second: Second, The operation and effect of the surrender in 1702, to Queen-Anne. The question 'Whether the country, now the United States, was acquired by disc6very or conquest, is of no moment in this cate. 'The questiorn What passed to the Duke-of York,-by the letters jpLteht, properly dividds itself into two portions. 1. What was the thing granted. 2. Had' the king the power to make the grant as it -is construed by th'e defendants in error. -5The grant i of all the lands, soils, rivers,-&c., and of all other regalities. " Soil" is -the appropriate word to pase land under

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

293

[Martin et al.v. Waddel.]
water. It is not a general term, but an apt and proper one to pass s6il under a river; and therefore when used, passes by the king's grant all that is the prerogative right of the king. It is to be holden by the Duke of York and his heirs, in fee-simple, in free and common soccage. Now, suppose the deed stopped here, would there be any doubt of its construction? It then grants the powers of government, civil and military.
By the grant to the Duke of York, King Charles the Second parted with all the premises included within the grant, and 'also
with all his rights of sovereignty or power of government, on condition, and so long as the laws made by the new government were not contrary to the laws of England; reserving only a right of receiving and hearing appeals from provincial judgments and decrees or sentences.: He parted with all his prerogative rights in the. territory contained in the grant: because having parted
with the sovereign power, he must necessarily have parted with all the rights oi sovereignty. He parted with his crown, and with all the rights attached to it; and he had no prerogative rights remaining in him, execpt those expressly reserved.
The Duke of York, and the proprietors, of New Jersey under him, were seised and possessed of all the rights of the Xing of England, both of property and government.
This presents the point, had the king power to make such a grant?
It seems to the counsel for the defendants in error, to be placing this question on too narrow a ground, to put the validity of this grant, upon the king's prerogative rights. Those rights were, from their nature, and must be confined to England.
This grant, parting not only with the soil, but with the government of the -country granted by him, transcends all his. prerogative rights under the common law of England. He, as king, cannot grant a right of sovereignty over any part ,of England.
This right to part with and convey the property and sovereignty of government of this territory, must be traced to the great principles of national law; applicable to every nation, to every sovereign in whom is the power of disposing of any propeity which the nation has acquired either by conquest or discovery. The correctness of thi view of sovereign power, must be judged of, not by the ccmmon law, but according to the law of nations.
s0

$94

SUPREME COURT.

[Marin et aL v. WaddelL]

It is considered a cession, by a sovereign to one of his subjects, but'it is intended. to vest in that subject a territory with all the rights of government; an~d it must be construed as if it were a cession to another sovereign. By the treaty of 1783, the King of -Great- Britain ceded all his right- and sovereignty over the United States. Did not the rivers and the soil under them pass without apt and"special, words to include all his-regalities?
Tins was a newly acquired territory, then a wilderness; the settlement -and improvement of itw:ere great objects with the crown. In order to effct .this, it was intended to hold out great inducements to Englishmen and others to come over and inhabit it: Self-government was awa'ys a favourite object with the people of England, who were- strongly imbued with a love of liberty; aid in furtherance of that -.object, this grant, and the p6wer alid,property included -in it, were made and granted by the king. The people were to be subject to their allegiance to the crown; but not to be subject to all the prerogatives vested in the king by the common law.
To a certain extent, this.,was a part of one and the same nation. The enemies of England, in time of war, were their enemies; and in-time of peace, they were at peace With every nation with whom Englahd was at peace. But to a great extent they were an independent government'; making their dwn laws,holding treaties with the Indians,naturalizing citizens, and exercising full legislative-authority; -restrained only by the condition contained ii the .patent, with an exclusive power- of taxing 'their inhabitants, &c.
To assert that- they held all their rights, and exercised 'all their power subject 'to the common law prerogative of the Xing of England, .would be contrary to common sense. 'Toone prerogative, from their peculiar -a- nd: anomalous situation, 'they were suhject,-the power.of the-'king to declare war and to maire peace; but to nothing'else.
The'exercise -of:the royal prerogative had 'in'many cases bden considered as leading, to acts of- tyranny in England; and to avoid being no longer. Within it, was .nodoubt one great :induc& ment to many to leave that kingdom; aAd'they never could believe that those prerogative' rights,were to follow them in tleir new homes,

SA"?ARY TERM, I42.W
In.oonneco.on.witl'this point in the argument, itxis: np.0tant t0 refer"to dates
-The patent of Charles -theSedond to the Dukeof York Was date 0nahe- 2th .of..arch.,664:. ;The duketonveyed lo Birklgy and Catteret onthe 24th-June, 1-664, .TheeQncession.andagreemept fade-by-Bbrkley 4ud. CaTteretwith all and every the adeneturers, and 4l1 such, hs shall settle or lant there, bears date, the lOth Y'ebriary, 1(364.-
If this"vas bfore the gpant t0t"e Duke of-York, it isppiobable the concessions were known and.apprqved of by.the king, before he made the grant to the duke. Whether, therefore, these grants,. concessions, andagreements of Berkley ad4&,aiteret were made after or before the-letters patent, is.of. no consequence..
By the twenty-fifth ,article.of'the cncessions ir4 find the proprietors acting..and erecting a goverdment-of iheik owfl, with the knowledge, and.consent of the king, wth three distinct .d ppAmerits, legislative- executive, aud.judicidl; and free, ft "iaspprehended, from: all "thec.ommon law prerogatives "gf the. crown of ]ngland, and subject only-to one great prerogutive; that of making war and peace.
-In confirmation of this doctrine, the Court -are referred to-Salkeld, 666, whfre, Lord Holt says, ".The law of England does'not extend to Virginia; her law-is what the king pleases." In the opinion of Lord Holt, the power of the kiiig was unlimited; restrained, or governed by no principle of the cocnmon law, He. ha. a right, theti, to. grant New Jersey without any reference to the laws,of England, or to his.prerogatives under those-laws. He could give no stronger evideqqe of his pleasure than by the words of the grant made by him to the Duke of York.
But if this case is to be determined according to the strictest and most technical rules of the common law, let us now examine that law, and see what will be the result upon the i4uestions -in 'this case.
It is conteided by-the counsel for the plaintiffs in eror, that the prerogativ rights of the king to rivers, in which the tide ebbs and flows, to the bays and inlets from the sea, to the soil under the rivers, and to the fisheries, aie held by him in trtst for-the use of alhis subjects a and cannot be transferred by himto an indi-

396

SUPREME COURT.

[Martidet aL v. WaddelL]
vidual. If these were the trusts upon which the king held these rights, it is presumed that the state of New Jersey must now hold them upon the same trusts. By the Revolution, the state acquired all the rights which belonged to the crown, but none others. If the king held all the rights upon the trusts mentioned, the state must hold them upon the same trusts.
But by the legislation of New Jersey, all such trusts are denied. Acts of the legislature, of New Jersey of November 24, and December 7, 1818. These acts authorize the leasing of those fiats, or land, or soil under the water to any individual, and not to the riparian owners of the soil only, but to any one who shall pay the state a certain annual rent; and have actually leased to the plaintiffs in error the premises in -dispute for a term of years, none of whom are stated to be the owners of the adjacent shores.
If the. legislature of New Jersey have the powei to lease for years, they may do so for life or in fee. So long as they have the power to convey any interest or estate in the premises to individuals, the nature and continuance of the estate to be conveyed or granted must depend entirely and exclusively on the legislative discretion.
By what course of reasoning do the counsel for the plaintiffs in error arrive at the conclusion that the state have now the power to made a disposition of this property for private purposes, and that the crown anterior to the Revolution had no such power or right.
It is not intended to consume the time of the Court by reading the cases referred to in the argument already addressed to the Court by the counsel for the defendants in error. The principles contained in these authoBrities will be stated. All rivers, bays which are what are called arms of the sea, in which the tide ebbs and flows, and the soil under them below high-water marK, and the rights of fisheries in these rivers, primk facie belong to the king. They may, however, belong to a subject; but he must show his title to them. He may show, either an actual grant, or he may show a title by prescription, which' always supposes a grant.
A grant.from the king of a river, and the soil under it, passes a ight of fishery to the grantee. It was, for some time, made a

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

du

[Martin et al. v. WaddelL]

question, whether there could be a several right of fishery with, out the ownership of the soil; all the cases on that subject necossarily admit that the right of soil under the river may be vested in adt individual. There are but two cases from which a contrary doctrine can be deduced. They are the cases in 6 Modern, 73, and 5 ,Rob. Adm. Rep. 159. But this Court, it is copfidently believed, will not suffer these two cases to overrule the mass of authorities cited for the defendants in error, nor the authority of Sir Mathew iale, one of the most learned and accurate lawyers that ever lived.
To proceed to the second point; what rights were surrendered by the. proprietors to the crown, by the, deed of surrender of 1702 ?
It will be recollected that the original grant from Charles the Second was not- only of the property, but of the government of the ,territories granted. . All civil and military power- was granted. t,
In 1702, the proprietors surrendered their right of government, and nothing else; whatever was a right of property was retained by them. Whatever was necessary for the government, was surrendered by them.
Certainly the surrender never intended to abandon any of the property, and to enable the queen to grant it. It has been.shown thiat the property in the soil was granted to those Who held under the letters patent of Charles the Second, as property. Itis then, evidenit that it never was surrendered to the crown. If it never was granted as property, but was a part of the polwers of government necessarily appertaining to it, then it was not surrendqred. As has been shown by the cases cited, the soil under a river may be granted b. the crown to a subject, and the government still goes on. This fully establishes the position that the retaining such property in the crown is hot necessary to the existence and administration of the government.
The proprietors exercised privileges which are 'essential to every government. They established, forts. A fort was erected at Amboy. They continued bfter the surrender to pse and exercise' all righfts of 'property in the territory for its protection and for their advantage. This is not a*case of local law, and the deisions of the Cocurtq of New Jersey are not entitled to authority-
VoVT. XVL-2 L

898

SUPREME COURT.

[Martin et al. %WaddelL]

in the Courts of the United States, as tity would be on the construction of the statutbs of New Jersey. This Court will look at these decisions with respect, but will not yield to them the de~ision of the question before the Court. The Court are now called upon to give a construction to a patdnt from the King of England, which related to territory as well within the limits of what is nov New York, as New Jersey. This is.not a local question.
For the construction the Court are now called upon to give'to these letters patent, they will look at the interpretation given to them in Wesf Jersey. The people of that part of the territory granted by. the letters patent, have always used the right of. fishery in the river Delaware. This right has been derived from grants of the proprietors of West Jersey.

Mr. Wright, for the defendants in error. The following is a concise statement of the facts of thb case. Ai action of ejectment was institiuted in the Circuit Court of the United States for the district of New Jersey, by the defendant in error, to try the title to land covered-with water, situated in the bay of. Amb'oy near the mouth of the Raritan river. The defendant in error, being plaintiff below, obtained a judgment in the Circuit Court, on a special verdict; and this writ of error was prosecuted by the defendants. In the Circuit Court, the plaintiffs in the ejectment claimfed title. under a patent from King Charles the Second of England, to his brother James, then Duke of York, executed 12th March, 1664, by which 'the whole of the terrftory now the state of New Jersey, including the premisesin question, with other large bodies of land, were granted to the Duke'of York. By conveyahces from the Duke of York and others, the property was claimed to be vested in the defendant in drror. The patent describei the land in the uSual form of such conveyances from the crown of England, withou any exceptions or reservations, with certain isand upon the sea coast, cand the lands from the west side of Connecticut river to the east side of the Delaware bay." This was the grant of property from the king to the duke, and it is not questioned that the mesne conveyances from the duke down to- the plaintiff in the ejecthaent have been equalLybroad and comprehensive to carry the title to the premises in question. .In a

JANUAI-X TERM, 1842.

399

[Martin et al. v. Waddel]

subsequent part of the patent, full powers of government, civil
and military, in and over the territory, are granted to the duke, 4"Chis heirs, deputies, agents, and assigns," reserving only an ap-
peal to the king in favour of any person "touching any judgment or sentence to be by them made or given."
On the 15th of April, 1702, the twenty-four proprietors of East New Jersey."assignees of the-Duke of York," surrendered to Anne, then Queen of England, the powers of government granted in the patent from the king, which surrender was made in the very terms of the grant, in the patent; and that surrender so made, was accepted by the.queen two days after it was made.
Under this state of facts, not controverted, the questions in this case are made:
-First, Could the King of England, in conformity with the law of nations and the law's of England, convey, in the year 1664, to a subject of his-realm a valid title to lands covered by the water of bays, rivers, or arms of the sea, where the tide ebbs and flows, in the province of New Jersey?
The laws of nature and nations establish the following propositions, pertinent to this question:
1. Every nation is the proprietor as well of the rivers and ieas as of the lands within its territorial limits. Vattel's Law of Nations, 120, sec. 266.
2. The sea itself, to a certain extent, and for certain purposes, may be appropriated and become exclusive property as well as the land. Vattel, 127, sect. 287; Rutherford, book 1, ch. 5, p.- 76, sect. 3.
3. The nation may dispose of the property in its possession, as it pleases; may lawfully alienate or mortgage- it. Vattel, 117, sect. 261, 262.
.4. The nation may invest the sovereign with the title to its property, and thus confer upon him the rights to alienate or mortgage it. -Vattel, 117, sect. 261, 262.
The laws of England establish the following propositions material to this point: First, the. commoh law of England vests in the king the title to all public 'property. 1 Black. Com. cli. 8, 298, 299; 2 Black. Com. 15, 261, 262; Hargrave's Law Tracts, de Jura Maris, ch; 4, 10, 11, 12; 6 Con. Dig., title prerogative,

400

SUPREME COURT,

6O ; b, 63, Tenure, 337; .5 Com: Dig.,.title Navigation, 107; S Coke's Reports, 5, 109.
2. A subject may acquire the,property of navigable rivers and 'the soil, and of gpecific localities in the sea itself, by grant or prescription, as he maytnany other pre ogaiiVq rights of the king of a like character; and the king- may, mike all these grants to a subject. Hargrave's Law Tracts, de Jure Marls, ch. 4, 11, 13, ch. 5 17, 1&; Pblmer v. Mulligan,. 3 Caines's Rep. 315, 319; The People v. Platt, 17 Johns, Rep, 195.
The Massachusetts cases equally recognise the authority of the law tracts in that state. So, too, are the decisions in other states. 1 Pick. Rep. 180.; 2 Conn. Rep. 481; 2 Binney's Rep. 475.
As it has been said that no grants of navigable rivers, and the soils and fisheries thereof, haye-been made since Magna Charta, the following references are made. Darr. Rep. 155; Donegal v. Hamilton, 3 Ridgeway's Parliamentary Cases, 276-328.
1Other authorities of English elementary authors, and English adjudged cases, sustain. Lord Hale in the positions that thie subject can'acquire these rights, and that the king has a right to make 'the grants, and has been aceustomedto make themh. 1,Black. Com. 286 ; 5 Cruise's Dig. 45, sec. 10, tit. 54, King's Grant; 3 Cruise's Dig. 262; Carter v. Murcat, 4 Burr. Rep. 2163; S. C. 2164, 2165, 1 Mod. Rep. 105 ; 5 Com. Dig. 108, tit..Navigation, 6 Com. Dig. 55, tit. Prerogative; 4 Coke's Rep. part 7, p. 19; Ballbrook v. Gooden, 2BuTr. 1768. All the following authorities of a date later than the publication of Hargrave's Tracts give to them the highest authority. The Banker's Case, Skinner's Rep. 601 ; The Mayer of Oxford v. Richardson, 4,Dumford and East, 439; 5 Burr. 285; 5 Modern,556; 3 Barnwell and Ciqsswel,875; 2 Bos. and Pull. 472; 5 Barnwell and Cresswell, 268. American cases sustain the right of the king to make such grants. 2 Binney's -Rep. 476; 4 Mass. Rep. 144; 522; 1 Pick. 180; 3 Johns. Rep. 357, 6 John. 131; 17 Johns. 195; 20 Johns. 90; ,1 Conn.. Rep. 284; 7 Conn. Rep. 486; 2 Conn.ARep. 481; 1 Har.'and M'Hen.. Rep. 564; 8 Wheat. 577-597.
Mr.,Wright proceeded to examine the cases cited for the plaintiffs in error in suppor.t of the principles contended for by them. He argued that none of those cases impugned the doctrine he had claimed. Some of the cases Were taken from the civil, and not

JANUARY TERM, 1812.

401

[Marti et al. v. WaddelL]

from the commqn law, to which only the parties must look for the principles to govern the controversy. The difference between

the civil and common law rights, and between the common law

and the civil law, are laid down by Bracton. Banwell and

Cresswell, 290, 292, 293, 309, 311.

Blackstone (2 Black. Com. 39) supposes that Magna Charta,

ch. 16, had restrained the king from granting free fishery; by

which he evidently intends "exclusi-te fishery, in navigable wa-

ters, when the soil is in the king ;" but he says it is different as

to several fishery, because that must either be in, or be derived

from, the owner of the soil.

The Kings of England, then, had the right, by the laws of na-

tions and the laws of England, at least until the statute of 1 Anne,

in the year 1701, to grant in fee, to a subject, the crown lands

and various royal franchises, portions of the property and inherit-

arice of the crown, within the realm; and.the subject could take,

hold, possess, and enjoy, in full propriety, according to the grant,

the lands and franchises, so conveyed to him by the sovereign. It cannot surely be necessary to resort to argument or authority

to prove that the power.of the king to make grants.to his subjects,

either, of lands or franchises, in the waste and wilderness pro-

vince of New Jersey, in 1664 or 1674, was at least as extensive as the power he then Dossessed to make similar grants within the

realm of England.

Still it has been objected, that the title of the defendant in efror

is not sustained by these authorities, and the principles they esta-

blish; because it is said the power 6f the king to grant is confined to the alienation of his private property, "his ordinary- revenue,"

"lands vested in him upon feudal principles," and does not extend

to the public- propdrty, to property held "by virtue of his prero-

gative," in which way only it is alleged he holds "the allodium of

the soil of navigable rivers and the sea." The authorities already

cited answer this objection.

All the cases establish the power of the king to make the grant,

or the right of the subject 'to hold by prescriptiofi, which'pre-

supposes a grant from the crown as the .only lawful commence-

ment of the title. Cited, 3 Cruise's Dig. 244, tit. Franchise, sec. 1; 5 Cruise, 46, tit. King's Grant, sec. 7; 2 Black Com. 265;

4 Burr. Rep. 2165.

2L2

51

402

SUPREME COURT.

[Martin et a]. v. Waddell.]
This objection, however, has no foundation in 'the .Eng ish common law, but is entirely" subversive of. one of its oldest and best settled principles. The king holdg nothing as f' private property," but every thing in jure corona. Even that which was his private property before he was king, the moment the crown descends upon him, is held jure coronfe, and riot as his private property. 6 Comyn's Dig. 60, tit. Prerogative, (D. 64); Skinner's Rep. 603.
A second objection is, that by chapters 16 and 23 ot the statute of-Magna Charta, adopted by the king and parliament of England in the ninth year of the reign of Henry the Third, A. D. 1224-5, the power of the king to grant the soil of navigable Hivers, ports, havens, and arms of the sea, was restrained, and the exercise of it as to new grants entirely prohibited* so that any such grants, made subsequent to that Btatute, are contrary to its provisions, and therefore void.
This objection admits of several very conclusive answers; but the one which'seems to present itself as first in order, as if sound
it must be in importance, is 1. That neither of these chapters of Magna Charta relate, ai
ill, to the title of the soil upon which they act, or contain any prohibitibn whatever against grants of soil anywhere, either by tie sovereign, or a subject. They merely in the broadest- construction which any one has sought to give to them, prescribe and restrain the use of the soil of the banks and beds of rivers, as it relates to ohstructions to navigation and fishing; and that equally whether the propriety of that soil be in a subject, or in the king.
This nosition will not be obviated, if the Court shall be of the opinion that, by virtue of these statutes, a common right of fishery in the waters which cover the premises in question was secured to all the subjects of the king, and has passed to the people of the state of New Jersey; because the plaintiffs in error do not defend under any such claim of common right, but under atitle in the state of New Jersey, adverse to the: title of the defendant inerror, and by virtue of which they claim a several fishery, the right to put the waters and banks in defence, to put down wears thereon, not obstructing the navigation, and to exclude, for

JANUARY' TERM, 1842.

403

(Martin et al. v. Waadell.]

a term of years, all the other hihabitants of New Jeisey fiom taking
fish there. 2. Another answer to this objection is, that Magna Charta is a
mere statute, and its application was local and confined to the iealm of England, for which the Parliament which passed it war the local legislature, unless subsequently expressly extended to the .colonies by competent authority.
1. This is shown upon the face of the statute itself. The preamble contains this langtiage. Cited Coke's Institutes, part 1,vol. 1, p. 1,-English ed. 1817.
In order further to show the proper construction of the sixteenth chapter of Magna Charta, Mr. Wright also cited 2 Black. Com. 39; Cruise's Digest, 261, title Franchise; Duke of Somersett v. Fogwell, 2 Barn. & Cress. 875; 1 Statutes of Great Britain and Ireland, 579, 718, vol. 2, 213, g42, 644, 688 ; 7 Coke's Rep. part 13, p.'35, 36.
It is believed that both the objections above, enumerated are effectually disposed of by the considerations and authorities presented, and that the proposition befoe arrived at is fully established, viz.: "That the King of England had the right, by the laws of nations, and the laws of England, at least until the statute of I A-nne, in the year 1701, to grant in fee, to a subject, the crown lands., and various royal franchises, portions of the property and inheritance of the crown, within the realm; and the subject could take, hold, possess, and enjoy in full propriety, according, to the grant, the J.nds and franchises, so conveyed to him by the sovereign."
This. Court has adopted the'se principles, as to the power of the
king over his distant and conquered dominions; and has applied them to the American colonies, especially-so far as they relate to grants of the soil of this country, in a great variety of decisions. One of the leading cases, if not the most so, is that of: Johnson v. M'Intosh, in which the opinion of the Court was pronounced by the late Chief Justice Marshall. Johnson v. M'Intdsh, 8 Wheat. Rep. 543, 573, 574, 595, 597.
Whatever then may have been, or may be the power of the King of England to grant lands within the realm, it is believed the
main question with which this argument commenced may now be safely. answered. That the King of England, in conformity

SUPREME COURT.
-Maertna!. o. Waddell.]
with, the laws of nations and the laws of England, could convey, in the year 1664, to a. subject of his realm, a valid title to lands covered by the water of bays, rivers, and arms of the sea, where the tide ebbs and flows, in the then province of New Jersey; and that the Courts of the United States cannot, according to the wellestablished principles of the laws of nations, of the laws of England, and of the laws of the United States, as applicable to grants of land within the United States, pronounce such a conveyance void, for the want of constitutional and legal power in the king 'to make the grant.
Second, The next question is, do the letters patent from the king to the Duke of York, .found in the .special verdict, in fact convey the premises claimed by the defendant. in. error; and to recover which this action is brought.
This inquiry must be answered principally from the letters patent themselves; and in them are found the following grants,
Mr. Wright read the charter from King Charles the Second to the Duke of York, as set forth in the special verdict: 'and cited on the construction of the 6harter, 2 Black, Com. 347, 348, 346; 7 Connecticut Rep. f86; Palmer v. Hicks, 6 Johns. Rep. 133; 7 Connecticut Rep. 199, 200.
These letters patent,, then, do con-Vey to the Duke of York the premises in question in this suit, so fa&r as the propriety thereof was vested in the king at the time of the grant. - Under these letters patent, the' Duke of York took and held the territory described and conveyed unto him in the same year, when he assigned and transferred the samte to Lord Berkley and Cartaret. They thus became the owners of. the property and government, and exercised' all their rights in the same. Mr. Wright then referred to the grants to the purchasers from Lorl Berkley and Cartatet, as stated by the jury, and to the proceedings of the twenty-four proprietors -of East Jersey, after, they became the owners of the territory and government. He cited Learning and Spicer, 153, 77, 138, 227,-362.
Third, Did this surrender to the Queen of England include, and carry with it,. a surrender by the proprietors whQ made it, of the propriety of the soil covered by the waters of the navigable rivers, bays, ports, havens, and arms of the sea, within' the teiri-

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

405

[Maran et al. v. Wade.]
tory granted to them under the letters. patent from King Charles the Second?
1. Does the deed of surrender, upon its face, reconvey the title to, and property in that part of the territory of New Jersey in which the premises are situated? By a reference to the charter, it will be sen that the powers of government-were granted by a different instrument' from that of the grants of the soil and the
appurtenances to it. The two classes of grants are in nowise connected. Learning and Spicer, 609 to 615.
No constructjon of the language employed in these'patents can be adopted, which by fair legal interpretation can be made to amount to a conveyance of a single item of the property granted in the first letters patent.
It is denied that the grantors in the deed of surrender intended to surrender and reconvey to the crown, any of the rights of soil or of property conveyed to them by the letters patent of King Charles the Second. This is sh6wn by the terms of. the surrender. Leamiug and Spicer, 613, 588, 589, 590, 593, 594,
596, 619.
The residue of the argument of Mr. Wright was, upon questions arising on the charter and surrender, on which no opinion was given by the Court; and this part of the,-argument is, therefore, omitted. The opinion of the Court was upon the power of the king to grant the soil as claimed under the charter, by the defendant in error, holding under the twenty-four proprietors of East Jersey, as the grantees under the Duke of York.
The last question for consideration is on the effect of the decision of the Supreme Court of New Jersey, in the case of Arnold v: Mundy, reported in 1 Halsted's Reports, 1. Does that decision bind this Court in the present case?
The principal cases in which this question has been raised and considered'dr decided'-in this Court, are the following- M'Kean v. Delancy, 5 Cranch, 82 ; Polk v. Wendal, -9 Cranch, 87; Thatcher v. Powell, 6 Wheat. 119; Blight v. Rochester, 7 Wheat. 535; Daly v. James, 8 Wheat. 495; Elmendorf v. Taylor, 10 Wheat. 152; 11 Wh'eat. 361; 12 Wheat. 153; 1 Peters, 571.
The principles deducible from these decisions, and which are to govern the application of the rule, would seem to be the fol-
lowing:

406

SUPREME COURT.

[Martin et al. v.Wsd&da.]

1. That the point presented to this Court, and upon which its decision is ipvokea; shall be.identical in .substance and in -law with the point presented to, and decided by the. State Courts, whose decisions are relied upon as being the guide to this Court.
.2.. The point must arise upon-the construction of a legislative act of the state, whose Courts have given the construction relied upon; or as to what is the local law of that state, relating to the title to real property in the given case.
3. The decision of the State Court upon the point presented, must have remained. so long, and have been so uniform as to authorize the presumption of acquiescence on the part of the people and authorities of the state, and to have made the decisions of these Courts upon that point'a settled and established rule of law, as to titles to lands within the state.
Mr. Wright then went'into a particular examination of the case of Arnold v.Mundy, and contended that the decision did not come, -in any manner, within the principles he had stated, and which are sustained by the. cases referred to. Inthis examin. tion he cited Hargrave's Law Tracts, de Jure Maris, ch. 1, p. 5; 1.Mo& 105,
Upon this point, after the examination of the case, he said: For each and all of these reasons, the. decision, of the Supreme Court of New. Jersey in th& case of Arnold v. -Mundy, cannot be considered.as establishing a rule of law as to real property in that state biiding upon this Court in the decision of this cause. Wilkinson v. Leland et al., 2 Peters, 656; Hind and wife v. Vattier, 5 Peters, 401. After the'analysis of the report of that case, which ,has: been -before made, it is believed that this Court will follow the nile .laiddown -in these two cases, and say that the Circuit Court of New Jersey, in the case in question, was bound to -decide, as the State Qourts, ought to have decided the same great questions; when presented. to them for .dpcision. In that ease, the rules of the English common law, and not those of the civil law,:wili be the guide to a decision here.

Mr. Chief-Justice TAzmy delivered the opinion of the Court. This case 'is brQught here by writ of error from the Circuit Court of the United States, for the district of New Jersey. It was fully argued at the last term. But it was not then decided,

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

407

[Kirtla at id.v. WadlL]
because the important principles involvea -in.it,made -it proper that the case should be heard and determined bv a:full Court; and as some of the.justicesweie not present at the formei hearrng, a re-argument was ordered; In. pursuande of this oider, it has been again elaborately discussed by*counser. and having beefcarefully considered by-the Court, I am instructed to deliver their Qphiion.
The questibn' before us arise upon an actoi of ejectment, instittited by the defendant in error, who was the plaintiff in the Court below, to recover one hundred acres of land, covered with water, situated in the tpwnship of Perth Amboy, in the state bf New Jersey. At the trial in the Circuit Court, the jury found a special verdict, setting forth, among other things; that the -land claimeu lies beneath the navigable wateis of the Raritan river and bay, where tlhe tide ebbs.and flows. Ahd it appears'that the principal matter in dispute, is the iight to'the Oyster fishery in the public rivers and bays of East New Jerisy.
Th e plaintiff makes title under the charters granted by Charles the Second to his brother the Dake,of York, in 1664 and 1674, for' the purpose of enabling hip to plant a colony on this continent. ,The lasi-ientioned grant is precisely finilar to the otmer in every respect, and was made fTr the purpose of removing, doubts which had then arisen as to..the validity of the-first.
The boundaries in.the two charters are the same, andthey.
embrace the territory Which now forms the state of New Jersey. The part of this territory known'as East New Jersey, afterwazds, bfsundry deeds and conveyances which it is not- necessay-to enumerate, was transferred to twenty-four persons, who -were called the proprietors of East New Jersey; wh6 by the terns.of the grants were invested, within the portion 6f the territory conveyed to them, with all the rights, of property and governmerit which had beef briginally conferred on the Duke of York by-the -letters patent of the king. Some serious diffieulties, however, took place in a short time between these proplietors and- the British authorities; and after some negotiatibns upon the subject,. they, in 170, surrendered to the crown'all.the powers of.govern. ment, retaining their rights of private .property.
The defendant in error claims the land, covered with water, inentioned in the declaihtion, by vhue of a uryay xnade in 1834,

408

SUPREME COURT.

[Martin et al. v.Waae11.]

under the authority'of the proprietor , and duly recorded in the proper office. And, if they were authorized to make this grant, he is entitled to the premises as owner of the soil, and has an exclusive right to the fishery in question. The plaintiff in error also claims an exclusive right to take oysters in the same place; tnd derives his title under a law of the state of New Jersey, passed in 1824, and a supplement thereto, passed in the. same year.
The point in dispute between the parties, therefore, depends upon the construction and legal effect of the letters patent to the Duke of York, and of the deed of surrender subsequently made by the proprietors.
The letters patent to the duke included a very large territory, extending along the Atlantic coast from the river St. Croix to the' Delaware bay, and containing within it many navigable rivers, bays, and arms ot the sea; and after granting the tract of country and islands therein described, "together with all the lands, islands, soils, rivers, harbours, mines, minerals, quarries, woods, marshes, waters, lakes, fishings, hawkings, huntings, and fowlings, and all 6ther royalties, profits, commodities, and' hereditaments to the szid several islands, lands, and premises belonging and appertaining with their and every of their appurtenances, and all the estati, right, title, interest, benefit, and advantage, claim, and demand of the king, in the said land and premises ;" the letters patent proceed to confer' upon. him, his heirs, deputies, agents, commissioners, and assigns, the powers of government with a proviso that the statutes, ordinances, and proceedings, established by his authority should "not be contrary to, but as nearly as might be, agreeable to the laws, statutes, and government of the realm of England; saving also an app]eal to the king, in all cases, from any judgment or sentence which might be given in the colony, and authorizing the duke, his heirs and assigns, to lead and transport out of any of the realms of the king to the country granted, all such and so many of his subjects or strangers not prohibited, or under restraint, who would become the ' loving subjects' of the king, and live under his allegiance, and who should willingly accompany the duke, his heirs and assigns."
The right of the king to make this grant, with all of its prerogatives and powers of government, canhot at this day be ques-

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

409

[Martin et aL v. Waddell.]

tioned. But in order to enable us to determine the nature and extent of the interest which it conveyed to the duke, it is proper to inquire into the character of the right claimed by the British crown in the country discovered by its subjects, on this continent; and the principles upon which it was parcelled out and granted.
The English possessions in America were not claimed by right of conquest but by right of discovery. For according to the principles of international law, as then understood by the civilized powers of Europe, the Indian tribes in the new world were regarded as mere temporary occupants of the soil, and the absolute rights of property and dominion were held to belong to the European nation by which any particular portion of the country was first discovered. Whatever forbearance may have been sometimes practised towards the unfortunate aborigines, either from humanity or policy, yet the territory they occupied was disposed of by the governments of Europe at their pleasure, as if it had been found without inhabitants. The grant to the Duke of York, therefore, was not of lands won by the sword; nor were the government or laws he was authorized to establish intended for a conquered people.
The country mentioned in the letters patent, was held by the king in his public and regal character as the representative of the
nation, and in trust for-them. The discoveries made by persons acting under the authority of the government were for the benefit of the nation; and the crown. according to the principles of the British constitution, was the proper organ to dispose of the public domains; and upon these principles rest the various charters-and, grants of territory made on this continent. The doctrine upon this subject is clearly stated in the case of Johnson v. M Intosh,
8 Wheat. 595. In that case the Court, after stating it to be a
principle of universal law that an uninhabited country, if dis-
covered by a number of individuals who owe no allegiance to any government, becomes the propefty of the discoverers, pro-
ceed to say that, 11If the discovery be made and possession taken
under the authority of an existing government which is acknow-
ledged by the emigrants, it is supposed to be equally well settled
that the discovery is made for the benefit of the whole nation;
and the vacant soil is to be disposed of by that organ of the government which has the constitutional power to dispose of the
VOL. XVI.-2 M

410

SUPREME COURT.

LMatfin et aLv. Waddel.
national dominions; by that organ, in which all territory is vested by law. According to ,the theory of the British constitution all vacant lands are vested in the crown as representing the nation, and the exclusive power to grant them is admitted to reside in the crown, as a branch of the royal prerogative. It has :been already shown that this principle was as fully rebognised in Ame-
rica as in the island of-Great Britain." This being the principle upon which .the charter in.question
was founded, by what rules ought. it to be construed? We do not propose to meddle with the point which was .very
much discussed at'the bar, as. to the power of the king since Magna Charta to grant to a.subject a pbrtion of the soil covered by the navigable waters of the kingdom, so as to give irn an immedjate and exclusive right of fishery either for shell fish or floating fish within the Jinmits of his grant. The question is not free from' doubt, and the. authorities referred to in the. English books cannot perhaps be altogethel reconciled. But from the opinions expressed by the justices of the Court of King's' Bench, in the case of Blundall q.,Caiterall 5 Barn. and Ald, 287, 294, 304, 309; and in the case of The Duke of Somersett v. Fogwell, 5 Barn. and-Cress. 883, 884, the question must be regarded as settled in England against the right of the king since Magn4 Charta to make such a grant. The point' does not, however, arise in this case unless it shall' first be, decided that in the grant to the Duke of York the king intended to sever the bottoms of the navigable waters from the prerogative powers of government conferred by the same charter; and to convert them into mere franchises in the hands of a subject, to be held and used as his private property. And we the more willingly forbear to express an opinion, on this subjeot, because it has ceased to be a matter o,.muph interest in the United States. For when the Revolntion took place, the people of each state became themselves sovereign; and in that character hold the absolute right to all their navigable vters and the soils under them for their-own conmon use, sub-
ject only to the, rights since surrendered by the Constitutioli to the general government. A grant made by their authority must therefore manifestlybe tried and determined by different principles from. those. which apply to "grapt.s of-the Bxitish crown,

JANUARY TERM,.1842.

441

Wudt et aL v. WaddeL]

whef ,the title is held by atsingle indivioiual in trust for the hole nation.
Neither is-it necessary to examine the many cases whieh.have been cited inthe argument on both sides, to show the degree of strictness with which grants of the king aie to be construed. The decisions and authorities referred to: apply more properly to a grant of some prerogative right to an.individual to be held by him as a franchise, and which, is intended io become private property in his hands. The dominion and property in navigble waters, and in the lands under them, being held by the-king as a public trust, the grant to an individual of an exclusive fishery'in any.portion of it, is so much taken from the commgn fund-in. trusted to his care for the common benefit. In such dases, whatever does not pass by the grant, still remains in'the crowni for the benefit and advantage of the whole community. Gants of that description are therefore construed strictly-and it Wiill not be' presumed that he intended to part from any portion.of the public domain, unless clear .and especial words are ue4l to. denote it. But in the-case before us, the rivers, bays,,and arms of'the sea, and all prerogative rights within the limits of the charter,.undoubtedly passed to the Duke of York, and were intended to phss, except those saved in the letters patent. The ordt sed evidently show this intention; and there is no room, therefore, for the application of the rule above mentioned.
The questions upon this charter are.very different ones. They are: Whether the dominion and propriety in the navigable waters, and in the soils under them, passed as a part of the prerogative rights annexed to the political powers conferred on the duke? Whether in his hands they were intended to be a trust for 'the common use of the new community about to be established-; or private property to- be parcelled out and, old to individuals, for his own benefit And in deciding' a question like this, we must not look merely to the strict technical meaning of the words of the letters patent. -The laws and institutions of Englarnd,'the history of the times, the object of the charter, the contemporaneous construcion given to it, and the usages under it, for-the century and more which has since elapsed, are all entitledlo tonsxdration and weight. It is not a deed conveying private property to be interpreted by the rules applicable to cases of that description.

412

SUPREME COURT.

[Martin et al. v. Waddell.]
It was an instrument upon which was to be founded the institutions of a great political community; and in that light it should be regarded and construed.
Taking this rule for our guide, we can entertain no doubt as to the true construction of these letters patent. The object in view appears upon the face of them. rhey were made for the purpose of enabling the Duke of York to establish a colony upon the newly discovered continent, to be governed, as nearly as circumstances would permit, according to the laws and usages of England; and in which the duke, his heirs and assigns, were to stand in ihe pla~e of the king, and adm inister the government according to the principles of the British constitution. And the people who were to plant this colony, and to form the political body over which he was to rule, were subjects of Great Britain, accustomed to be governed according to its usages and laws.
It is said by Hale in his Treatise de Jure Maris, Harg. Law Tracts, 11, when speaking of the navigable waters, and the sea on the coasts within the jurisdiction of the British crown, "that although the king is the owner of this great coast, and, as a consequent of his propriety, hath the primary right of fishing in the sea and creeks, and arms thereof, yet the common people of England have regularly a liberty of fishing in the sea, or creeks, or arms thereof, as a public common of piscary, and may not, without injury to their right, be restrained of it, unless in such places, creeks, or navigable rivers, where either the king or some particular subject hath gained a propriety exclusive, of that common
liberty." The principle here stated by Hale, as to, "the public common
of piscary" belonging to the common people of England, is not questioned by. any English writer upon that subject. The point upon which different opinions have been expressed, is whether since Magna Charta, "either the king or any particular subject can gain a propriety exclusive of the common liberty." For, undoubtedly rights of fishery, exclusive of the common liberty, are at this day held and enjoyed by private individuals under ancient grants.. But the existence of a doubt as to the right of the king to make such a grant after Magna Charta, would of 'itself show how fixed has been the policy of that government on this subject for the last six hundred years; and how carefully it

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

413

(Martin et al. v.Waddel

has preserved this common right for the benefit of the public. And there is nothing in the charter -before us 'indicating that a different and opposite line of policy was designed to be adopted in that colony. . On the contrary, after enumerating in the clause herein before quoted, some of the prerogative rights annexed to the crown, but not all of them, general words are used, conveying "all the estate, right, title, interest, benefit, advantage, claim,. and demand" of the king in the lands and premises before granted. The estate and rights of the king passed to the duke in the
same condition in which they had been held by the crown and upon the same trusts. Whatever was held by the king as a prerogative right' passed to the duke in the same character. And if the word "soils" be an appropriate word to pass lands covered with navigable water, as contended for ofn the part -f tha defendant in error, it is associated in the letters patent with "other royalties," and conveyed as such. No words are used for the purpose of separating them from the jura regalia, and converting them into private property, to be held and enjoyed by the duke, apart from and independent of the political character.with which he was clothed by the same instrument. Upon a diresent construction, it would have been impossible for him to have complied with the conditions of the grant. For it was expressly
enjoined upon him, as a duty in the government he was about to establish, to make it as near as might be'agreeable in their new circumstances, to the laws and statutes of England; and how could this be done if in the charter' itself, this high prerogative trust was severed from the regal authority? If the shores, and rivers, and bays, and arms of the sea,.and the land under them, instead of being held as a public trust for the benefit of the whole community, to be freely used by all for navigation and fishery, as well for shell-fish as floating fish, had been converted by the charter itself into private propetrty, to be parcelled out and sold by the duke for his dwn individual emolument? There is nothing we think in the terms of the letters patent, or in the purposes for which it was granted, that would justify this construction. And in the judgment of the Court, the land under the navigable waters passed to the grantee as one of the royalties incident, to the powers of government; and were to be held by him in the same manner,, and for the same .purposes that the navigablo

-414

SUPREME COURT.

(Martn et I v. Wad&&]

wAters of England, and the soils under them, are- held by the

This opinion: is confirmed by referring to similar grants for other tract&of country upon this continent, made about the same period. of time. Various other charters for large territories on the AStlantic coast, wyre granted by, different monarchs of. the Stuart dynasty to different persons, for the purposes of settlement and colonization, in khich the powers of goverrment were united with the grant of territory. Some of., these charters very nearly resembled in every respect the one now in controversy; end none of them, it is believed, differed materially from it in the terms in whichf the bays, rivers, and arms of the sea, and the soils under them, were conveyed to the-grantees. Yet, in no one of these elonies.has the soil under its navigable waters, and the rights of fishery for shell-fish or floating fish, bee. severed: by the letters patentihrom the powers of government. In all of them, from the time of the settlement to the -present day, the previous habits and usagesof the colonists have been respected, and they-have
been accustomed to enjoy in common, the benefits and advantagr 3 of the navigable watets for the same purposes, and to the same extent, that they have been used and enjoyed for centuries in England. Indeed,-it cWd- not well have been otherwise; for the men who first formed the English settlen~ents, could not have been expected. to encounter -Ae many hardships that unavoidably attended their'emigration to the new world, and to people the banks bf itsbayAahdrivers if the land under the water at their very doors was liable to immediate appropriation by another as private propert'y; and 'the settler -pon the fast "land thereby excluded from its enjoyment, and unahle to take a shell-fish from its bottom, or fasten there a stake, pr even bathe in its waters without beconing a trespasser uioot the rights of another. The .usage in New. Jersey has, in this respect, from. its original settlement conformed to the practice of the other chartered colonies. And it would require very plain lanht ge in these letters patent to persuade us ,that'thei public and cominon right of fishery in navigable waters, which has been sq long and so careftly guard d in England, and whieh was peserved in every other colony founded on the Atlantic borders, wnasintendOd, in this one instance, to be taken away. But We see'noth, in'the charter to require this conclusion.

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

415

[artinet ad. v. Waddell.]
The same principles upon which the Court have decided upon the construction of the letters'liatent to the Duke of York, appiy with equal force to the-surrender afterwards made by the twentyfour proprietors. It appears by the special verdict, that all the interest ot the duke in East New Jersey, including. the royalties andl Dowers of -government, were conveved, to.the~e proprietors, as fully and amply. and in the same condition as they had. been granted to him; and they had the same dominion and propriety in the bays, and .rivefs, and arms of the sea, and the soil un~der them, and in the rights of fishery, that had belonged to him under the original carter. In their hands, therefore, as well as in those of the duke,.this aomnion and propriety was an incident-to the regal authority, and was held by them as a prerogative: right, associated with the powers of government.. ,And being thus entitled, they, in 1702, surrendere.d and yielded up to Anne, Queen of England, and, to heX heirs and successors,, "all the powers an authorities in the said letters.patent granted; to correct, punish, par.don, govern and rule all or any of-her majesty's subjects pr others, who then were inhabitahts,.or thereaftermight adventure into or inhabit within the said province of East New Jorsev; and a4o to nominate, make. constitute, ordain, anid confirm any laws, orders, ordinances, directions, and istrunxenrs for those purposes, or any of them ;- and. to nominate, qonstitute, or appoint, revoke, discharge, change, or alter any governor or governors, officers or ministers, which -were or should b~e appointet within the said province'; and to ' .ke, ordain, and establish any orders, laws, Airections, instruments, forms, or cereronies of government and magistrcy; for:. or concerning the same, or on the sea; in going to or coming from the same; or to put in execution, or abrogate, revoke, or change such' as -werb already made, for or concerning such government,or any of them; and also all the powers and authorities by the s~id letters patent to.ise and exercise martial law.in the said jirovince'of East.New Jersey;. and to' admit any person or-persons, to trade or traffic there; and of ehcointeribg repelling, and resisting by force of arms, any person or persons attempting to inhabit there without ,the. license 'of them, the- said proprietors, their heirs and assignsand all other. the powers, 4uthorities, andpririleges-of and, 66ncerning-the government 6fthe province last foreiaid, or the arna-

416

SUPREME COURT.

[Martin et aL v. Waddel]

bitants thereof, which were granted or mentioned to be granted by the said several abovericited letters patent, or either of them;" which said surrender was afterwards accepted by the queen.
We give the words of the surrender as found by the special verdict, and they are broad enough to cover all the jura regalia which belonged to the proprietors. They yield up "all the pow-
ers, authorities, and privileges of and concerning the government of the province ;" and the right in dispute was one of these authorities and privileges. No words are uted for the purpose of withholding from the crown any of its ordinary and well-known prerogatives. The surrender, according to its evident object and meaning, restored them in the same plight and condition in which they originally came to the hands of the Duke of York. Whatever he held as a royal or prerogative right, was restored, with the political power to which it was incident. And if the great right of dominion and ownership in the rivers, bays, and arms of the sea, and the soils under them, were to have been severed from the sovereignty, and withheld from the crown; if the rig't of common fishery for the common people, stated br Hale in the passage before quoted, was intended to be withdrawn, the design to make this important change in this particular territory would have been clearly indicated by appropriate terms; and would not have been left for inference from ambiguous language.
The negotiations previous to the surrender have been referred to, in order to influence the construction of the deed. But whatever propositions may have been made, or opinions expressed before the execution of that instrument, the deed itself must be regarded as the final agreement between the parties; and that deed, by its plain words, re-established the authority of the crown, with all of its customary powers and privileges. And when the people of New Jersey took possession of the reins of government, and took into their own hands the powers of sovereignty, the prerogatives and regalities which before belonged either to the crown or the parliament, became immediately and rightfully vested in the state.
This construction of the suirender is evidently the same with that which it received from all the parties interested at the time it was executed. For it appears by the history of New Jersey,

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

417

[Martin et alv.. WaddeU.]

as gathered from the acts, documents, and proceedings of. the public authorities, that the crown and the provincial .government established by its authority always afterwards in this territory, exercised the same prerogative powers that the king was accustomed to exercise in his English dominions. And, as concerns the particular dominion and propriety now in question, the colonitIl _g~vernment from tim to time authorized the construction
of bridges with abutments on the .soil 'covered by navigable waters; established postw; authorized the erection of wharves; and, as early as 1719, passed a law for the preservation of the oyster fishery in its waters. The public usages, also, in relation to the fisheries continued to be the same. And from 1702, when the surrender was made, until a very recent "date, the people of New Jersey have exercised and enjoyed the rights of fishery, for shell-fish and floating fish, as a common and undoubted right, without opposition or remonstrance from the proprietors. The few unimpoitant grants made by them at different times running into the navigable waters, which were produced in the argument, do not appear to have been recognised as valid by the provincial or state authorities, nor to have been sanctioned by the Courts. And the right now claimed was not seriously asserted on their part, before the case of Arnold v. Mundy, reported 'in1 Halsted, 1 ; and which suit was not instituted until the year 1818: and, upon that occasion, the Supreme Court.of the state held, that the claim made by the proprietors was without foundation.
-The effect of this decision by the State Court, has been a good deal discussed at the bar. It is insisted by the plaintiffs in error that, as the matter in dispute is local in its character, and the con-troversy concerns only fixed property, within the limits of New Jersey, the decision of her tribunals ought to settle the construction of the charter; and that the Courts of the United States are bound to follow it. It may, however, be doubted, whether this case' falls within the rule, in relation to the judgments of State Courts when expounding their own constitution' and laws.
The question here depends, not upon the meaning of instruments framed by the people of New Jersey, or by their authority, but upon charters granted by the British crown; under which certain rights are claimed by the state, on the one hand. and by

418

SUPREME COU1R

[Martia et aL.v. Wa.de L]
private individuals, on, the other. And if this Court had been of opinion that u on the face of these letters patent, ,the ques'tion -was clearly against the state, and that the proprietors had been deprive,' of,their just rights, by the 'erroneous judgment of the State Court; it Would, perhaps,.be difficult to-maintain that tis decision of itself bound the conscience of this Court. Itis, howr ever, unquestionably entitled to great weight. It confirms the doostrubtion uniformly placed, on the~e charters and instrumentp, by the otherpublic authorities; and in which the proprietors had 'so long acquiesced. Public acts anid laws, both of the colonial and state governments,, have been founded'u!pon'-this interpretation; and extensive. and valuable imprQ~e~ments made under it. 1n the case 'referred to, the sanction of the -judicial authority of the state is gfven toit.'. And if the words of the letters patent had been far more doubtful thaan they are. this decision, made upoin such a question, with, great delib'ertion anil r.seardh, ought, in our judgment, tp be regarded as conclusive.
Independently, however, of this'dec~iion of the Supreme Court of New Jersey, we .ae of opinon- that the proprietors are not entitled to ther rights in question; and the jridgment of the Circuit Court must, therefore, be reversed.
Mir. Justice Thompson, and Mr. Justike Baldwin, dissented..

Mr. Justice TaoMpsox. 'The premises inquestion in this case are a mud-flat covered by the waters of the bay of Amboy, in the state of New Jersey. The'iause comes up, in facts found by a special verdict in the Court below; by which it appears that the lessors of the -plaintiff ptoduced upon the trial a regular deduction of title from Charles the Second down to themselves,, and the premises ih question are admitted to be within the grant. And the general question in the case is whethef this mud-flat passed under the grant, and in virtue of the several donveyances set out in the special verdict, became vested in the proprietors of Nw Jersey, as private property. The opinion of-'a majority.of the Court. is against this right, in which opinion, however, I cannt .co3.cur, and 'shall briefly assign the reasons upon which my opinion rests.
Some objections have been -made to the right of maintaining

JANTJARY TEAM', 1842.

419

[Marti et aL v.Waadel

an'action of' ejectment, gr6wing out of the-nature of the'sutjetmatteY in controversy'. There can be no grounds for such an objection; The subject in question is the right to land. and nt to water. It is the ordinary case of an ejeetment for land covered with. water, and the premises are so set out and desdribed in the de&caration; and the special verdict finds that the lessors of the plaintiff,, under the title by them shown, entered into the teiements-with the appurtenanceg in the declaration mentioned, and was thereofpossessed until the defendant afterwards -entered upon; -nd ejected, expelled, and removed the plaintiff from such possessiom So that-the subject-malter in controversy is f6und not only to be susceptible of actual possession, but to have been 'so possessed and enjoyed.
A majority of the Court seem to have adopted the doctrine of' Arnold v. Mundy, decided in the Supreme eourt-pf New Jersey, 1 Halst. 1, in which it is held,.that navigable rivers, where the tide ebbs and flows, and the ports, bays, and coasts of te sea, including both the waters and the land under the' water, are common to the people of New Jersey; and that, unddr the grant'bf Charles the Second to the Duke of -York,'all,the.rights which th.eycall royalties passed to thetduke as governor of the province,.exercising the royal authority, and not as proprietor of the soil 5 but that he. held them as thustie for the benefit of all settlers in the'pYovin'ce,and tha "he proprietors did iot acquire ani suchright- to the soil; that they would grant a several fishery;_ and ihat no person who plants a bed of oysters in a navigable river, has such property ih the oysters as to enable him to maintain an action of trespass against any one who encroaches upon it. And this rests on the broad proposition, that the title to the land under the water did not, and could not, pass to the Duke of York, as private pro-
perty. To maintain this .propiosftion, if must rest on the ground that the' land unaer the water of a navigable river is not the subject of a private right; for it can be conveyed by words, the. grant in the present case is broad enough to pass the title to the land in question..
It is worthy of observation that the course of New Jersey in relation to this claim is hardly consistent with her pretensions. In the 'case of Arnold v. Mundy the chief justice says, upon the Revolution all these rights became vested in the people of New

420

SUPIEME COURT.

[Martin et aL v. Waddell.]

Jersey as the sovereign of the country, and are'now in their hands; and the legislature may regulate them, &c. But the power which may be exercised by the sovereignty of the state, is nothing more than what is called the jus regium. The right of regulating, improving, and securing the same, for the benefit of every individual itizen. The sovereign power itself, therefore, cannot consistently with the principles of the law of nature and-the constitution of a well-ordered'society, make a direct and absoluie grant of the waters of ihe state, divesting all the citizens of a common right. It would be a grievance which never could ,be long-borne by a free people. o
If this be the received doctrine in New Jersey in relation to the navigable waters of that state, and the oyster fisheries, they remain comm6n to all the citizens of New Jersey, and never can be appropriated to any'private or individual use, and all laws having such object in view must be utterly null and void; and it is difficult to perceive how the law of New Jersey, found by the special verdict, can be sustained. This actdeelares that the shore and land covered with. Watei may be set apart and laid out by commissioners for the purpose of growing and planting oysters thereon, reserving such parts as might be judged necessary for public acacmmodation ;,provided that nothing in the said act contained should authorize the commissioners to present any obstruction, or cause any injury to the navigation of the said sound and river, or to any fishery or fisheries therein. Here the legislature treat these flats, in -all respects as land, to be used foi planting and growing oysters; and for the use of which a revenue is derived to the state, by the payment of a rent reserved. 'It is not the use of the water for. any public l5urpose that this law contemplates; but an exclusive right to the use of the land under the water, in contradistinction to the use of the water for purposes of navigation; and that this law is so to be considered is manifest from the proviso that no obstruction should be made to the fishery or fisheries therein; and here is a manifest distinction made between a fishery and an oyster-bed. For if it had been -understood that the fisheries included oysteries, the enacting clause and the proviso would present a glaring inconsistency. The enacting clause authorizes the setting apart the oystery to exclusive private use, when by the proviso no obstruction is to

JANUARY TERM,1842.

421

[Martinet al.v.Waddell.)

be made to the fisheries. So that if an oystery is a fishery, tie owner is deprived of the exclusive use of it. The act seems to be founded upon a distinction clearly held up in many cases to be found in the books, between an oystery and a fishery in the common use of the term. The one applying to the use of land under the water, which is peculiarly adapted to the growing of oysters, and to be used for that purpose in the cultivation of oysters,'as other lands- are used for the 'purpose to which they are particularly adapted. Whereas a fishery, in common acceptation, has reference to the use df the water for floating fish; and this is a very obvious and natural distinction. '.That the title to land under a navigable stream of water must be held subject to certain public rights, cannot be denied. But the question stilrelmains, what are such public rights? Navigation, passing and repassing, are certainly among those public rights. And sh6uld it be admitted that the right to fish for floating fish was included in this public right, it would not decide the 15resent question. The premises in dispute are a mud-flat; and the use to which it has been and is claimed to be applied is the growing and planting of oysters. It is the use of land, and not of water, that is in question. For the purpose of navigation, the water is considered as a public highway, common to all; like a public highway on land. If land over which a public highway passes is conveyed, the soil passes, subject to that use; and the purchaser may maintain an action for an injury to this soil not connected with the use; and whenever it ceases to be used as a public highway, the exclusive right of the owner attaches: so with respect to the land under water, the public use f6r passing and rep.ssini, and all the purposes for which a public way may be -used, are opeft to the public; the owner, nevertheless, retaining all the rights and benefits of the soil, that may not impede or interfere with the use as "apublic highway. "Shoulda coal-mnine, for instance, be discovered under such highway, it would belong to the owner of the soil, and might be used for his benefit; preserving, hnimpaired, the public highway. So with respect to an oyster-bed, which is local, and is attached. to the soil. It is not the water that is over the beds that is' claimed; that is common, and may be used by. the public; but the use of the soil by the o 'ner -wh'ich is consistent with the use of the water by the public,
VOL. XVI.2 N

422

SUPREME COURT.

(Martin etal. v. Waddell.]
is reserved to the owner. Suppose this mud-flat should, by the wash from the fhore, or the receding of the water, or in any other manner be filled up and become solid ground; which is by no means an extravagant supposition; would not the proprietors be considered the owners of this land, and have the exclusive right to the use and enjoyment of it, if they had in no way parted with such right. This cannot be denied, if the soil passed to and. became vested in the proprietors under the grant to them. It surely would, not be claimed by the state, it being no longer susceptible of public use.
The case of Brown v. Kennedy, 5 Har. & Johns. 195, is fully to this point. The question there related to the right to the soil in the bed of a navigable river, which had been diverted to a canal; and it was held, that the property in the soil covered by the water was vested in the lord proprietary, by the charter of Maryland. That by the common law, the right was in the king, and he might dispose of it sub modo. That the property in the soil may be granted, subject to the jus publicum. That by the terms of the'charter to Lord Baltimore, they clearly passed the property in the soil covered by any waters within thQ limits of the charter. And if the bed of the river had not been conveyed away, it would have remained in the proprietary; and if an island had sprung up, it would have been his; or if the bed of the river had been left bare, it would be his, as the jus publicum would be destroyed.
The rules, and principles laid down by Lord Hale, as we find them in Hargrave's Law Tracts, are admitted as containing the correct common law doctrine as to the rights and power of the king over the arms of the sea and navigable streams of water. We there find it laid down, that the King of England hath a double right in the sea, viz., a right of jurisdiction, which he ordinarily exercises by his admiral, and a right of propriety or ownership. Hargrave, 10. The king's right of propriety or ownership in the sea and soil thereof, is evinced principally in these things that follow.
The right of fishing in the sea, and the creeks, and arms thereof, is originally Jodged in the crown; as the right of depasturing is originally lodged in -the owner of the coast whereof he is lord, or as the right of fishing belongs to him that is the owner of a private or inland river. But though the king is the owner of this

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

423

[Martin et al. v.Waddell.]
great coast, and as a consequent of his proprietary hath the primary right of fishing in the sea, and the creeks, and arms thereof; yet the common people of England have regularly a liberty of fishing in the sea, or creeks, or arms thereof as a public common of piscary, and may not without injury to their right be'restrained of it, unless in such places, creeks, or navigable rivers, where either the'king or some particular subject hath gained a propriety 'exclusive of that common liberty. (11) In many ports and arms of the sea, there is an exclusion of public fishing by prescription or custom,(12) although the king hath prime facie this right in the arms and creeks of the sea, communi jure, and in common presumption; yet a subject may have such a right in two ways.
1. By the king's charter or grant: and this is without question. The king may grant fishing within some known bounds, though within the main sea; and may grant the water and soil of a navigable river; (17) and such a grant (when apt words are used) will pass the soil itself; and 'if there shill be a recess of the sea, leaving a quantity of land, it will belong to the grantee. The second mode is by custom or prescription. There may be the right of fishing without having the soil, or by reason of owning the soil, or a local fishery that arises from ownership of the soil. (18) That, de communi jure, the right of the arms of the sea belong to the king; yet a subject may have a separate right of fishing, exclusive of the king and of the common right of the subject. (20) But this interest or right of the subject must be so used as not to cccasion a common annoyance to the passage of ships or boats; for that is prohibited-by the common law, as well as by several
statutes.
For the jus privatum that is acquired to the subject either by patent or prescription, must not prejudice the jus publicum, wherewith public rivers or arms of the sea are affected for public use, (22)-as the soil of an highway in which, though in point of pr6perty, may be a private man's freehold, yet it is charged with a public interest of the people, which may not be prejudiced or damnified, (36).
TI ese rules, as laid down by Lord Hale, have always been considered as settling the law upon the subjects to which they apply, and have been understood by all elemeniary writers as governi- rules, and havce been recognised by.Courts of justice

424

SUPREME COURT.

[Martin et a]. v. Waddeli.3

as controlling doctrines. They establish that by the common law the king is the owner of, all navigable rivers, bays, Bnd shores. That he owns them in full dominion and propriety, and has full power and authority to convey the, same; that he may grmnt a several fishery in a navigable stream,-and the common law has annexed only two limitations upon this power. That these
waters shall remain highways for passage and navigation, and that whilst they remain ungranted, there is a common right of fishery in them; but, subject to these limitations, the king has as fall power to convey as an individual has -to convey the land of which he is the owner.
I see nothing to countenance the distinctions set up, that the king holds these subject as trustee, any more than he does the dry land; or that he cannot convey them, discharged of the right of common fishery. There is no reason for such distinctiori with respect to land under water. The true rule on the subject is, that prima facie a fishery in a havigable river is common, and-he who sets up an exclusive right, must show title. either by grant or
prescription. This is the doctrine of the King's Bench, in England, in the case in 4 Burr. 2163. It was an action of trespass for breaking and entering the plaintiff's close, called the river Severn; ,and the defence set up was, that it was a navigable river, and an arm of the sea, wherein every subject has a right to fish; and that an exclusive right cannot be maintained by a subject in a river that is an arm df the-sea, but that the general right of fishing is coMmon to tl11. Bui this doctrine was not 'recognised by the Court. Lord Mansfield said, the rule of law is uniform. In rivers not navigable the proprietors of the land have the right oi fishing on their respective- sides, and it generally extends ad filum medium aqua But in navigable rivers, the propri6tors of the land on each side havq it not. The fishery is common. It is prim facie in the king, and is public. If any one claims it exclusively, he must show a right. If he can show a right by prescription, he may then exercise an exclusive right; though the presumption is against him, unless he can prove such a prescriptive right. Here it is claimed and found. It is therefore consistent with all the cases, that he may have an exclusive privilege of fishing, although it is an arm of the sea, such a right shall not be presumed; but the contrary, prima facie; but it is capable of being proved, and must

JANUARY TERM, 1842

425

[Martin et al. v. Waddell.1

have been so in the present case. -And Yates, Justice; says, he

was concerned in such a case but, the right was not proved, and

so found common; but such-a right may be proved, It may be

.appropriated by prescription; and he refers to the royal salmon

fishery in the river Banne, in Sir John Davies's Reports; and says

it is agreeable to this, and that it is a very good case. That-it

appears, by it that the crown may grant a several fishery in, a

navigable river where the sea flows and reflows, or in the arm of

the sea. And lie refers to the txse 1 Mod. 105, where, he ob-

serves, Lord Hale says truly if any, one will appropriate a privi-

lege to himself, the proof lieth on 'his side. Now, if it may be

granted, it may be prescribed for: for a prescriptiqn implips a grant.

In the argument of' thiW case, the counsel on the part- of the

defendant referred -to the case of Warren v. Mathews, as reported

in 6 Mod. 73, where it is said. every subject of common right

may fish with lawful nets, &c., in anavigable river, as well as in

the sea; and the king's grant cannot bar them thereof; and this

case has been much relied on in the argument of the case now

before the Court. But this report of the case in 6 Mod. 73 is

clearly a mistake. It is the only case to be found in which the

broad priposition nere stated is recognised, that the kinig's grant

cannot bar the subject of the common right of fishing. And in

the report of the same case, I S6lk. 357, the case as stated is, that

one claimed solam piscariam, in the river Ex, by a -grant from

the crown. And, Nott, Chief Justice, said, th subject has a right

to fish in all navigable rivers as he has to fish in the sea; and a

quo warranto ought to-be granted to try the title of this grantee,

and the validity of his grant. Lord Nott, here, no doubt, meant

to speak of the prim facie right of the subject.: For if he in-

tended to say that no such exclusive right could be given by grant

from the king, it would be absurd to issue a quo warranto to try

the title and validity of the grant, if by no possibility a valid

grant could be made. At all events, it is very certain that the

King's Bench, in the case of Carter v. Murcot, did not recognise

the doctrine of Warren and Mathews,. ap reported in 6 Mod. 73.

And under these circumstances, it is entitled to no weight in the-

decision of the case no* before the Court.

It is unnecessary to refer to the numerous, cases in the English

books on this subject; the doctrine as laid down in the case of

2N2

54

426

SUPREME COURT.

[Martin et al. v. Waddell.]

Carter v. Murcot is universally recognised as the settled law on the subject, and is fully adopted and sanctioned by the Courts of this country. Numerous cases of this description have come before the Coufts in the state of New York, and the principles and rules as laid down in the case of Carter v. Murcot fully recognised and adopted. In the case of James and Gould, 6 Cowen, 376, -the Court, in referring to that case, place the decision upon it, and say, "This is the acknowledged law of Great Britain and of this
state; and cases are referred to showing such to be the settled law." In'the case of Johnson v. M'Intosh, 8 Wheat. 695, this Court
say, that' according to the theory of the British constitution all vacant lands are vested in the crown as representing the nation, and the exclusive power to grant them is admitted to reside in the crown as a branch of the royal prerogative. And this prin-
ciple is as fully recognised in America as in Great Britain. All the lands we hold were originally granted by the crown. Our whole country has been granted; and the grants purport to convey the soil as well as the right of dominion to the grantee. Here the absolute ownership is recognised as being in the crown, and to be. granted by the crown, as the source of all title; and this extends as well to land covered by water as to the dry land; otherwise, no title could be acquired to land under water. There is in this case no iltimation that any of the lands are vested in the crown as trustee, but as absolute owner. If lands under water can be granted and are actually granted, the grantees must 6f, course acquire all the right to the use and enjoyment of such lands of which they are susceptible as private property, as much so as the dry land; and there can be no grounds for any implied reservation of ungranted rights in the one case more than in the other; and the grant of the soil carries with it, of course, all the uses to which it may be applied, among which is an exclusive or several fishery. All grants of land, whether dry land or covered with water, are for great public purposes subject to the control of the sovereign power of the country. - So the grant of the soil under water, which carries with it a several fishery, is subject to the use of the water for the public purposes of navigation, and.passing and repassing; but it is nowhere laid down as the law of the land, that a several fishery is a part of the jus. publicum, and open to the use of the public. So long as the

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

427

[Martin et al. v. Waddell.]
fishery remains ungranted, it is common, and may be used by the public; but when granted to individuals, it becomes private property as much as any other subject whatever; and I think the law is too well settled, that a fishery may be the subject of a private grant, to be at this day drawn in question.
If,then, according to the principles of the common law, the king had the power to grant the soil under the waters of a navigable stream, where the tide ebbs and flows; and if such grant of soil carries with it the right of a several fishery, to the exclusion of a public use, the remaining inquiries are whether the' grant of Charles the Second to the Duke of York, in the" year 1664, did convey the premises in question; and if so, then, whether this right was surrendered by the proprietors of New Jersey to Queen Anne, in the year 1702.
This charter to the Duke of York is one containing not only a grant of the soil, but of the powers of government. This Court. in the ease of Johnson v. M'Intosh, in noticing the .various charters from the crown, cbserve, that they purport to convey the soil and right of dominion to the grantees. In .those governments whIch were denominated royal, where the right to the soil was not vested in individuals, but remained in the crown, or was vested in the colonial government, the king claimed and exercised the right of granting the lands. Some of these charters purport to convey the soil al6ne, and in those cases in which the powers of government as well as the soil are conveyed to individuals, the crown has always acknowledged itself to be bound by the grant; and in some instafices, even after the powers of government were reves~ed in the crown, the title of the proprietors of the soil was respected. The Carolinas were originally proprietary governments; but in 1721 a revolution was effected by the people who shook off their obedience to the proprietors, anl declared their dependence iMmediately on the crown, and the king purchased the title of those proprietors who were disposed to sell. Lord Carteret, however, who was one of the proprietors, surrendered his interestin the gpvzrnment, but retained his title to the soil; and that- title was zespeted till the Revolution, when it was forfeited by the laws of war.
This shows the light in which these charters, granting the soil, were considered by this Court. That they conveyed an absolute

428

SUPREME COURT.

[Martin eta,.v. Waddell.]

interest in the soil, and passed every thing susceptible of private and individual ownership, of which a fishery is 6ertainly one, according to the settled law, by the authorities I have referred to. Subject always, as before mentioned, to the jus publicum, or rights of navig'ation and trade; but of which the right of a common fishery forms no Dart, after the soil has been conveyed as private
property. ,Itis unnecessary to notice particularly the various charters and
mesne conveyances set out in the special verdict. It was admitted on the argument, that the premises in question fall within these conveyanices; and vested in the proprietors of New Jersey all the right and title both of soil and the powers of government, which passed to the Duke of York under the charter of Charles the Second. The terms employed ilthe description of the rig'hts conveyed, are of the most comprehensive character, embracing the land, soil, and waters. After a general description and designation of the territory embraced within the charter, and compye-
hending the premises in question, it adds, "Together with all the lands, islands, soils, riverq, harbours, milies, minerals, quarries, woods, marshes, waters, lakes, fishings, hawkings huntings, and fowlings, and all other royalties, profits, commodities, and heredi-
taments, to the said several' islands, lands, and premises-belongibg and appertaining with all and every of their appurtenafices, and all our estate, right, title, interest, benefit, advantage, claim, and demand of, in, or to the said lands, and premises, or. any part or parcel thereof, and the reversion and reversions; remainder and remainders thereof, to have and to hold all and singular, the premises hereby granted, or herein mentioned, unto our- brother James, Duke of York, his heirs and assigns forever; to be holden of us our heir and successor in 'free and common soccage." If these terms are not broad enough to include every thing susceptible of being conveyed, it is difficult to conceive what others could be employed, for that purpose. The special verdict after setting out the mesne conveyances, by which the title is deduced down to the proprietors of New Jersey, sets out a conlirmation of the title in the proprietors by Charlbs the, Second, as follows, "And the jurors on their oath aforesaid further say, that the said Charles the Second, afterwards, to wit, on the twenty-third day of November, in the year of our Lord .one thousand six hundred

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

429

(Martin et al. v.-WaddelL]

and eighty-three, by a certain instrument in writing duly executed, bearing date on the same day and year last aforesaid; and reciting the said last-mentioned indenture from the said Duke of York, to the said twenty-four proprietors, did recognise their right- to the soil and government of the said province of East New Jersey, whereof the tenements aforesaid with the. appurtenances in the declaration aforesaid are parcel, and did strictly'charge and com-
mand the planters and inhabitants, and all other persons con- cerned in the same, to submit and yield all due obedience to -the
laws and government of the said twqnty-four proprietors, their heirs and assigns, as absolute proprietors -and governors thereof, who in the words of the said instrument in writing, had the sole power and right, derived under the. said Duke of York, from him, the said Charles -the Second, to settle and dispose of the said province of East New Jersey, upon such terms and conditions, -as to the twenty-tour proprietors, their heirs and assigns should deem meet." Here is the most full recognition and confirmation of the right and title of the proprietors to the soil, with the absolute power to dispose of the same in such manner as they should think proper. The absolute ownership could not be expressed in a more full and unqualified a manner. In the case of Fairfax v. Hunter's Lessee, 7 Cranch, 618, the quesfion was as to the legal effect and operation of certain descriptive woids in a charter of Charles the Second; and Mr. Justice Story in giving the opinion of the Court, said, "The first question is, whether Lord Fairfax was proprietor of and seised of the soil, of the waste and upappropriated lands ij, the northern neck by virtue of the royal grants of Charles the Second,.and James the Second; or whether he had mere seignoral rights therein as lord paramount, disconnected with all interest in the land, except of sale and alienation. The royal charter expressly conveys all that entire tract, territory, and parcel of land, situate, &c., together with all the rivers, islands, woods, timber, &c., mines, quarries of stone, and coal, &c., to'the grantees and their heirs and assigns, to their only use and behoof, and to no other use, intent, br purpose whatsoever." " It is difficult," say the Court, "to conceive terms more explicit than these to vest a title and interest in the soil itself. The land is given, and the exclusive use thereof; and if the union of the title, and the exclusive use do not constitute the complete an.d absolute

430

SUPREME COURT.

[Martin et al. v. Waddell]

dominion in the property, it will hot be easy to fix any which shall constitute such dominion." The terms here used are certainly not more broad and comprehensive than those used in the charter under consideration; and if they will pass the right to the soil in the one case, they certainly must in the other. The land in the one case being covered with water, and in the other not, can make no difference as to the passing of the title, if land under water can be conveyed at all; and whatever the public right to the use of the water may be, it can give no right to the use of the land under the water, which has by the grant become private property. And if, as I think the authorities clearly show, a grant of the soil carries with if the right to every private use to which it can be applied, including the cultivation of oysters, there can be no ground upon which this can be claimed as a common right. A several fishery and a common fishery are utterly incompatible with each other. The former is founded upon and annexed to the right of soil. And when that right of soil is acquired by an individual, the several fishery begins, and the common fishery ends.
Did the proprietors, then, by the surrender to Queen Anne, in the year 1702, relinquish any rights of private property in the soil derived under the charter of Charles the Second? I think it is very clear that they surrendered nothing but the mere powers of government granted by the charter, retaining unaffected in any manner whatever the right of pfrivate property.
Th special verdict states this surrender as follows: "That on the fifteenth day of April, in the year one thousand seven hundred and two, the said twenty-four proprietors and the other persons, in whom, by sundry mesne conveyances and assurances in the law, the whole estate, right, title, and interest' in the said province of East New Jersey, were vested at the safd last-mentioned date, Ps proprietors thereof, by an instrument in writing under their hands and seals, bearing date the same day and year last aforesaid, did for themselves and their heirs surrender and yield up unto Anne, Queen of England, &c., and to her heirs and successors, all the powers and authorities in the said letters patent grante4, to correct, punish, pardon, govern, and rule all or any of her said majesty's subjects or others who then were, as inhabitants, or thereafter might adventure into, or inhabit within the

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

431

[Martirnet al. v. Waddell.]

said province of East New Jersey. And also to nominate, make, constitute, ordain, and confirm any laws, orders, ordinances, directions, and instruments for those purposes, or any of them ; and to nominate, constitute or appoint, revoke, discharge, change or alter any governor or governors, officers or ministers, which were or should be appointed within the said province; and to make, ordain, and establish any orders, laws, directions, instruments, forms, or ceremonies of government and magistracy for or concerning the same, or on the sea, in going to or coming from the same, or to put in execution or abrogate, revoke or change such as were already made for or concerning such government, or any of them. And also the powers and authorities by the said letters patent granted, to use and exercise martial law in the said province of East New Jersey. And to admit any persons to trade or traffic there. And of encountering, repelling, and resisting by- force of arms, any person or persons attempting to inhabit there without the license of them, the said proprietors, their heirs and assigns. And all other the powers, authorities, and privileges of and concerning the government of the province last aforesaid, or the inhabitants thereof, which were granted, or mentioned to be granted by the said several above-recited letters patent, or either of them. And that the said Queen Anne afterwards, to wit, on the seventeenth day of the same month of April, in the year last aforesaid, did accept of the said surrender of the said powers of government, so made by the said proprietors, in and over the premises last aforesaid."
I do not perceive, in this surrender, a single term or expression that can in the remotest degree have any reference to the private property conveyed by the giant, or to any matter except that which related to the powers of government. All the enumerated subjects manifestly have relation only to such powers. And after this specification of particulars comes the general clause, "and all other the powers, authorities, and privileges of and concerning tho government ;" necessarily implying that the-specified subjects related to the powers of government; and the acceptance by the queen manifestly limits the surrender to such powers; she accepts the said surrender of the said powers of government so
made by the proprietors in and ovef the premises. "Ifthere was any thing in the language here used, which could.

SUPREME COURT.
[Martin et Lv. Waddell.]
in the least degree render doubtful the object and purpose of this surrender, the memorials of the proprietors, aid the correspondence which took place on the subject referred to on the argument, as contained in the collection of Leaming and Spicer, must remove all doubt, and show that the surrender was confined e.1clusively to the powers of government, and intended to operate, not only as a surrender of such powers, but as a confirmation of all right and title to the soil and private property of the proprietors. And if so, the proprietors' right must depend upon the power of the king to grant the right claimed in the .premises, and the construction of the charter, as to what it does embrace. And, I have endeavouxed to show, that by the settled and uncontradicted principles of the common law, the king had the tower to grant the land under the water of' a navigable river; and, that such grant carries with it to the grantee all rights of private property of which -the land is susceptibleo subject to the jus publicum. That the grant of the soil necessarily carries with it a several and exclusive fishery, which is utterly incompatible with the iights of a common fishery, and which of course can form no part of the jus publicum; and that the grant in question of Charles the Seco~id to the Duke of York, conveyed all private right in the soil whieh could be conveyed by the king; all which rights, by sundry mesne conveyances, became vested in the proprietors of East New Jersey, and from them to the lessor of the plaintiff. And I can discover nothing in the authorities giving countenance to the idea that the king held the land covered by the waters of a navigable river as trustee, or.by a tenure different from that - by which he held the dry land. And I must again repeat, if the king heid such lands as trustee for the common benefit of all his subjects, and inalienable as private property, I am unable to discover on what ground the state'of New Jersey can hold the land discharged of such trust, and can assume to dispose of it. to the private and exclusive use of individuals. If it was a trust estate in the king for the benefit of his subjects, and upon the Revolution, the government, of New Jersey became the trustee in the place of the king, and the trust devolved upon such government, and the land became as inalienable in the government of Rew Jersey as in the hands of the king, and the state must be bound to hold all such lands subject to the trust, which, as contended, embraces

JANUARY -TERM, '1842,

4,33

[Martin et al. v. WaddeH.)

a common right of fishery in the waters, and the dredging for

oysters in the land covered by the waters; and if this be so,

there certainly can be no power in the state, without a breach of

trust, to deprive the citizens of New Jersey of such common

right, and convert these oy~ter grounds to the private. and: exchr-

sive use of individuals.

There is nothing in the case, in my.judgment, showing a usage

in the state by which the proprietors have either directly or by

implication relinquished .or abandoned 'any right of property

which they derived under the charter of Charles the Second.

All the authority exercised by the state in grantingferries, bridges,

turnpikesj and rail-roads, &c., are the exercise of powets vested

in the government over private property for public uses, and

formed a part of the powers of government surrenadered by the

proprietors to Queen Anne; and it is only since the decision in

Arnold v. Mundy, that the private right of the proprietors to the

lands under the waters in New Jersey, has bein denied, and as-

sumed by the state to grant the same to individuals and even in

such cases it has been done" cautiously, and apparently with

hesitation as to the right of the state. In the two- cases referred

to on the argument, df a grant to N. Burden, on'the 8th, of .No-

vember, 1836, and to Aaron Ogden, on the 25th of January,

1837, of land under the water, the grant is a -mre' release or

quit claim pf the state; but the proprietors have been in the- habit

of making grants for land under the water from the time of 'the

surrender tq Queen Anne down'to the year 1820, and numerous

instances of such grants were referied to on. the argunietit.

With respect, however, t. the ngbt of fishery, there is in my

judgment a marked. distinciion,' b6th, in -reason and authority.,

between the right in relation to floating-fish, and the right of

dredging for oysters. The latter is entirely local arid connected

with the soil. There are natural beds of oysters, but in other

places there is a peculiar soil, adapted to the growin ot oysterb.

They are planted and cultivatedeby the hand of man like other

productions of the earth and the books in many cases clearly holds

up such a distinction, and speak of the oyster fishery as distinct from

that of floating fish, 5 Burr. 2814;. and in the case of Rogers ana,

others v. Allen, Camp. Rep; 309, this distinction is expressly

taken. It was an action of trespass for breaking and entering

VOL. XVI.-2 0

55

434

SUPREME COURT.

[Martin et a]. v. Waddell.]

the several oyster fishery of the plaintiffs in Burnham river, and fishing and dredging for oysters. The defence set up was that the locus in quo was a navigable river, in which all the king's subjects had a right to fish and dredge for oysters; and evidence was introduced showing that all who chose had been accustomed to fish in Burnham river for all sorts of floating fish without interruption; and it was contended that a fishery was entire, and that as it had been proved that it wis lawful for all the king's subjects to catch floating fish, so they might lawfully dredge for oysters: But Heath, Jhstice, ruled otherwise, and said a fishery was divisible; a part may be abandoned, and another part of more value may be preserved. The public may be entitled to catch floating fish in the river Burnham, but it by no means follows that they are justified in dredging for oysters, which may still remain private property: and although a new trial was granted upon another point in the case, the doctrine as above stated was not at all impugned by the Court of King's Bench.
Upon the whole, I am of opinion that the judgment of the Circuit Court ought to be affirmed.

JANUARY TERM, 1842.
DANIEL DOBBINS, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. THE COMIISSIONERS OF ERIE COUNTY, DEFENDANTS IN ERROR.
A captain of the United States revenue cutter, on the 13rie station in. Pennsylvania, was rated and assessed for county taxes, as an officer of the United States, for his office. Held, that he was not liable to be rated and assessed for his office under the United States, for c-intv rates and levies.
The question presented in the case before the Courts of Pennsylvania, was whether the office of captain of the revenue cutter, of the United States was liable to be assessed for taxes, under the laws of Pennsylvania. The validity of the laws of Pennsylvania imposing such taxes, was in question in the case, on the ground that the "laws'were repugnant to the Constitution and laws of the United States; and the Court decided in favour of the validity of the law. The Supreme Court of the United States has juiisdiction on a writ of error in such a case,
Taxation is a sacred right, essential to the existence of government; an incident of sovereignty. The right of legislation is co-extensive' with the incident, to attach it upon all persons and property within the jurisdiction of a states But in our system, there are limitations upon that right. There is a concurrent right of legislation in the states, and the United States, except as both are restrained by the Constitution of the United States. Both are restrained by express prohibitions in the Constitution; and the states, by such as are reciprocally implied, when the exercise of the right by a state conflicts with the perfect execution of another sovereign power delegated to the United States. That occurs when taxation by a state acts upon the instruments, and emoluments, and persons which the United States may use and employ as necessary and proper means to execute their sovereign power. The government of the United States is supreme within its sphere of action. The means necessary and proper to carry into effect the powers in the Constitution are in Congress.
The compensation of an officer of the United States is fixed by a law made by Congress. It is in its exclusive discretion to declare what shall be given. It exercises the discretion, and fixes the amount; and confers upon the officer the right to receive it when it has been earned. Any law of a state imposing a tax upon the office. diminishing the recompense, is in conflict with the laiv of the United States which secures the allowance to the officer.
IN -error to the Supreme Court ot Pennsylvania.
In the Court of Common Pleas of Erie county, the plaintiff in error inst:tuted 'an action against the commissioners of Erie county, the purpose of which was to have a decision on the right asserted by the commissioners of the county to assess and collect taxes on the office of the plaintiff,. a citizen, and residing in

436

SUPREME COURT.

[Dobbins v. The Commissioners of Erie Counti.]
Erie county, Pennsylvania, a captain lf the United States revenue cutter. .,,The following case was stated and submitted to the Court; either party to have the right to prosecute a writ of error.
The plaintiff is and has been for the last eight years an offic'er of the United States, to wit, captain of the United States revenue cutter service; and ever since his appointment has been in service in commandof the United States revenue cutter Erie, on the Erie station. He has been rated and assessed with county taxes for the last three years, to wit, 1835, 1836, and 1837, as such officer of the United States, far his bffice, as such, valued at five hundred dollars; which taxes sorated and assessed and paid by the plaintiff, amount to the sum of ten dollars'and seventy-five cents.
'The question submitted to the Court is, whether the plaintiff is liable to be rated abd assessed for hia office under the ,United States for-county rates and levies; if he is, then judgment to be entered for the defendants; if'not, then judgment to be entered for the plaintiff for the sum of ten dollars and seventy-five cents."
The Court of Common Pleas gave judgment for the plaintiff, and the case was removed to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania; in which Court the judgment was reversed, and a judgment was entered for the commis8ioners of Erie county. The plaintiff, Danidl Dobbins, prosecuted this writ bferror.

The case, was submitted to the Court by Mr. Galbraith for the plaintiff, and by.Mr. Penrose for the defendants, on printed arguments.

Mr. Galbraith, for the plaiAtiff in error. The pfaintiff was rated and 'assessed, under the construction, given to the state law by the county officers, with a tax upon his office, created under a law of the United States. The act of Congress entitled "4Anact tQ regulate the collection of duties on imports and tonnage, ' passed Mdrch 2d, 1799, commencing at page 136 of the third volume, United States Laws, in its ninety-seventh section, empowers the -President of the United States to cause revenue cutters to be built. The ninety-eighth section provides, "That there shall be to each of-the said revenue cutters, one capitain or master, and not more than three lieutenants or mates," &c.

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

437

[Dobbins v. The Commissioners of Erie County.]
Its ninety-ninth section provides, "That the offiQers of the said revenue cutters shall be appointed by the President of the United States, and shall respectively be deemed officers of the customs,"
&c., and prescribes theif duties. Another act of Congress, passed the 2d March, 1799, same book, page 236, prescribes the compensation of the commissioned officers of the revenue cutters, including the captains. The plaintiff, as stated and admitted in the case, was a captain of the revenue cutter Erie, commissioned as prescribed by the act of Congress; and for that office, was rated and assessed under the state laws of the -state of Pennsylvania, which may be, found in 2 Parke and Johnston's Digest, at page 543; and which authorizes the assessment of a state *or county tax upon call offices and posts of profit."' Does this mean "offices and posts of profit" with which the state or state la-ws have nothing to do in their creation? The Supreme Court of the state has decided in this case that it does, in 7 Watts's Rep. 513.; and the question here presented is, whether or not that decision be correct. The Supreme Court of the state has decided in favour of -the validity ofbthe state law, in the construction given to it by the financial' officArs acting Under the authority of the state; and therefore its decisibn i's ihe subject of examination and revision here, as.decided by this Court in Vreston et al. v. City Council of Charleston,
2 Peters, 440.
The Sfipreme Court of Pennsylvania did not touch the point in question, or that presented in the case. No distinction is drawn ' between an office created by and under the state laws, and one which is the creature of the laws of the national government. It is simply decided that an office is the subject of the taxing powers of the state officers, under the laws of the state; which is not diqputed, so far as relates to offices created by or controlled under state legislation.' It is asked, if this office of captain of a revenue cutter appointed and commissioned under the authority of the acts of Congress, is not one of "the means employed by the government of the Union for the.execution of its powers ?" and if so, if it is not brought within the principle of the case of. MI'Culloch v. The State of Maryland, 4 Wheat. 316; 4 Cond. Rep. 466, 487; and again reviewed in 9 Wheat. 738; 5 Cotud. Rep. 741? These cases clearly establish the principle, that. the state sovereignty, the
202

438

SUPREME COURT.

[Dobbins v. The Commissioners of Erie County.]
state laws, and the acts of the state officers under its laws, can only extend to such things as exist by its own authority, or are introduced by its permission; and cannot extend to, or operate upon, an office created by the exclusive authority of the United States, and under the control of the laws of the Union alone; and which cannot be trammelled or interfered with by the state authorities.

Mr. Penrose for the-defendants. Captain Dobbins was a "taxable lierson,2Y a citizen of Erie county, who enjoyed the privilege of a citizen, and the protection of the state government. He was clearly, as such, liable to taxation. In determining the amount of the tax, the sovereign state had a right to say, aibitrarily, that he>should pay so mucl, or, which is more just, to ascertain his income, and, by rating that, fix a tax proportioned to it. There is no doubt that the office or post which he held fell within the descriptive terms of the statute, terms to ascertain this "rate" of the tax'to be paid by the " taxable person,"--" all ;offices and posts of .profit" without qualification. -The office of President Judge of a judicial district is within
the act, notwithstanding the constitutional provision inregard to the salary of -such officers. The Commissioners, &c. v. Chapman, 2 Rawle, 73.
Having inquired into the nature of the tax, and ascertained that the office or post held by the plaintiff in error falls within the descriptive terms of the statute, we come to the question. Is this statute invalid on the ground of its being repugnant to the Constitution or laws of the United States ?
On this point we stop to inquire what is this power of taxation ir a state, its nature, and extent.
"It is an incident of sovereignty, and is coextensive with that of which it is an incident." "It is called a sacred right." "It is admitted to be essential to the very existence of government." "It is so ample that it may be exercised on the objects to which it is applicable, to the utmost extent to which the government may choose to carry it." "There is no limit on the e:iercise of the

JANUARY TERM, i842.

439

[Dobbins v. The Commissioners of Erie County.]
right, no guard against the abuse of the power; but in the structure of the government, and the discretion of the representative of the people." "It is not confined to the people and property of the state; it may be exercised upon every object brought within its jurisdiction." "The power of legislation, and consequently of taxation, operates on all persons and property belonging to the body politic." "It is an original principle which has its foundation in society itself. It is granted by all, for the benefit of all." "However absolute the right of an individual may be, it is still in the nature of that right that it must bear a portion of the public burdens, and that portion must be determined by the legislature." M'CI-' loch v. The State of Maryland, 4 Wheat. 428; Providence Bank v. Billings and Pittman, 4 Peters, 563; Biddle v. The Commonwealth, 13 Serg. and Rawle, 409; Brown v. The State of Mary-
-land, 12 Wheat. 419. What are the limitations on this great prerogative power which
it is admitted resides in the states, and does this case fall within any such limitation? These limitations are either express or
implied. 1. The express-limitation is found in the Constitution of the
United States. Sec. 10, art. 1,of that instrument. "No state shall, without the consent of Congress, lay any imposts or duties on imports or exports, except what may be absolutely necessary for executing its inspection laws." And there is a like prohibition to laying a duty on tonnage.
It was wisely judged, that no other limitation than this was necessary to secure the objects of government, and guard the citizen from oppression. He is the common constituent of the representative in the state, as well as the national government. Besides, by reserving to the general government the exclusive right of laying imposts br duties, Congress had an ample source of revenue, obviously the least oppressive to the people. For these imposts, though they be called in strictness an indirect tax,
are rather a voluntary retribution by such as chose to purchase the importedarti6 le on which it is levied.
And although the power of direcF axation'is not taken froni, or rather is given to the general government to be used in those cases of, national emergency, when a patriotic pe6iple will bear

440

SUPREME COURT.

[Dobbis v. The Commissioners of Erie Co"nt.]
almbst any burden without a murmur, yet it is obvious, from the fact that the states are excluded from laying imposts, that this is the- great source from which it was initended; except under extraordliary ciucumstances, that the general government should derive its revenue. And that the power of direct taxation, .without any other limitation, should be left to the states, It is their natural, their only resort.
The limited purposes and objects of the state governments, immediately affecting the interests of the peopie will of course make them submit with cheerfulness to a direct tbhx for the support of such government; which they would not so readily endure, except inemergencies referred to, for the more onerous support of the national government.
"The law of the state of Maryland, requiring an- importer of foreign goods by bale or package, to take out and pay fifty dollars for a license to sell his goods, fell within this prohibition, and was' decided to be repugnant and unconstitutional. Brown v. The State of Maryland, 12 Wheat. 419.
But even there it was held'that the words of this prohibition "ought not to be pressed to- their utmost extent." And when the importer has go acted on the thing iinported, that it has become mixed up with the mass of property in the country, it has lost its distinctive character as an import, and is subject to taxation. And it is upon this principle that ths lafv of the state of Pennsylvania imposing a duty on retail dealers was ruled to be. in accordance with the Constitution. Biddle v. The Commonwealth, 13 Serg. and Rawle, 409.
Analogous to it is the principle on which the case of The Commissioners v.Chapman, 3 Rawle, 73, was ruled. Ini that case, the office of President Judge of a judicial district was decided to be within the act, notwithstanding the constitutional provision in regard to the salary of such officers. The opinion of the Courb inthat case is respectfully referred to.
2. The implied limitations on the power of taxation. It is acnitted that it was urged that, as the convention which formed the Constitution had imposed ,an e.Vcress limitation, no .9ther limitation could be established by intrence. And this view was strongly fortified by tile-contemporaneous exposition of

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

441

[Dobbins v. The Commissioners of Erie County.]

the Federalist, the eminent authors of which asserted, "that the right of taxation in the states is sacred and inviolable," "1with the sole exceDtion of duties on imports and exports ;" that "they retain the authority in the most absolute sense; and that an attempt on the part of the national'government to abridge them in the exercise of it, would be a violent aisumption of power, unwarranted by any article or clause of the Constitution."
It may be conceded that it was pressing too far the argument from this source, to contend for "1that construction of the Constitution that would place within the reach of th6 states those measures which the government might adopt for the execution of its powers." But it is a strong argument to show the high character, and wide extent of this power of taxation, and excludes the inference of any limitation upon it, which does not clearly fall within the essential principle of preventing a control by the states of such measures.
It was very apparent, that a like power of taxation in the general government created no such inference. The tuthofity is coequal.-Federalist. A power conferred upon Congress does not, per se, exclude the states from the same power, unless it be in its nature exclusive. 5 Wheat. 48. So the power of Congress to levy taxes does not exclude the states from a similar power. Gibbons v. Ogden, 9 Wheat. 201.
The great -principle of these implied limitations is, that the states, in the exercise of the high prerogative power of taxation, should not be permitted to reach and control those measures necessary and proper for the execution of the powers vested by the Constitution in the government of the United States. This is
the ruling principle of all the cases. It being judicially ascertained that Congress possessed the
power to incorporate a bank of the United States. It was constitutional because it was an instrument, and the means employed by the government of the Union' for the execution of its powers. The power to tax such instrument, and these means, is the power to destroy; and therefore the one is repugnant to the other. McCulloch v. State of Maryland, 4 Wheat. 428; Osburn v. United States Bank, 9 Wheat. 867. It was on this principle that it was ruled, that "ca tax imposed by a law of any state
56

442

SUPREME COURT..

[Dobbins v. The Commissioners of Erie County.]

of the United States, or under the authority of such a law on stock issued for loans made to the United States, is unconstitutional." The creation of the stock was a measure necessary and proper for the execution of the power "to borrow money on the credit of the United States." It was an instrument for the execution of that power. Weston and others v. The City Council of Charleston, 2 Peters, 449,465. So neither can a state tax any other instrument employed by the government for the execution of its powers. It cannot tax the mail. It cannot tax the mint. It cannot tax patent rights. It cannot tax the judicial process.
But this implied limitation on this high prerogative power of taxation is not pressed to extreme consequences, which would in fact.destroy it; but stops with resistance of a direct repugnant enactment of the state; it is not carried one inch beyond this. Hence, a state may not tax a bank of the United States; but it may impose a ta7 on the citizens of such state holding stock in such bank, and fix the amount of the tax by express reference to the value of such stock.
So it may tax the real estate held by the bank within the state. It cannot tax the mint which is the instrument, but it may tax the income of the superintendent, although that income may be made up in whole qr in part by the salary of his office. Indeed, unless this be permitted, he might escape taxation; as any tax, if the argument be carried to an extreme, may affect that income. It may not tax the mail, but it may the postmaster. It may not tax the patent rights, but it may the income of the patentee derived from the sale of patented articles. Such is ihe pedlar's tax or license. It may not tax judicial process, but it may the clerk who issue it. The former is an instrument for the public good, the income of the officer is his private emolument, with which the public has nothing to do. A contract-br, says C. J. Marshall, for supplying a military post -With provisions, cannot be restrained from making purchases within any state, or from transporting them to any place at which 'the troops are stationed, nor could he be fined or taxed for doing so. But the property of the contractor may be taxed as the property of other citizens. Osburn v. United States Bank, 9 Wheat.
867. That property may be' the profits of his contracts.

SUPREME COURT.
[Dobbins v. The Commissioners of Erie County.]
Pleas of Erie County, which it had given in favour of the plaintiff, (now in error,) upon an agreed statement of facts, in the nature ofaspecial verdict.
"It was agrbed and admitted, that the plaintiff has his residence and domicil at Erie, Erie county, Pennsylania, and votes in said place ; that he has been for the last eight years an officer of the United States, a captain in the United States revenue cutter service, and ever since his appointment has been in service, in command of the revenue cutter Erie, on the Erie station. That he has been rated and assessed with county taxe3 for the last three years, 1835, 1.836, 1837, as such officer of the United States, for his office, as such, valued at five hundred dollars; which taxes paid by the plaintiff, amount to the sum of ten dollars and seventyfive cents. The question submitted to the Court is, whether the plaintiff is liable to be rated and assessed for his office under the United States, for county rated and levies? If he is,then jue gment shall be entered for the defendants; if not, then judgment shall be entered for the plaintiff, for the sum of ten dollars and seventyfive cents."
This is the only question submitted upon therecord. We think it sufficiently appears to give the Court jurisdiction, that the Supreme Court in reversing the judgment of the Court of Common Pleas, and in giving judgment against the plaintiffs, decided in favour of the validity of a law of Pennsylvania subjecting the plaintiff to be rated and assessed for his office under the United States, for county rates and levies; the validity of which law was in question, on the ground of its being repugnant to the Constitution and laws of the United States.
It was urged in argument by the counsel for the defendants in error, if the Court has jurisdiction of the cause, that the judgment of the Supreme Court should be affirmed, because the plaintiff when assessed did not apply to the commissionerrs for xelief, as the statute provides. And, that having paid the tax., to an officer who had a colour of right to receive it, it cannot be recovered back by the plaintiff.
Neither of these questions can be considered by this Court. They are not in the special verdict upon which the judgment 'was rendered. By referriigg to the case, as reported in 7 Watts, 513, it will be seen that the Supreme Court put the case. exclu-

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

443

[Dobbins v. The Commissioners of Erie County.]
It might be contended that the tax diminished his ability to'execute such contract. The limitation is not carried to such consequences.
A tax on government stock was decided, as we have seen, to be unconstitutional. Weston v. City of Charleston, 2 Voters,- 449. But it seems to have been admitted in that case, that if- tie tax had been an inconie tax, although the income was in part or in the whole made-up of interest on this stock, such tax would have been constitutional. Such appears from the, opinion of Justice Johnson, who dissented from the majority of the Court.
So here, a tax upon the hull and apparel of the revenue cutter, commanded by Captain Dobbins, would have been unconstitutiona]. She was "the means" or " instrument" of the government. But this tax by the state is not of such instrument, but of one of her citizens, whose income is rated to fix the amount of his contribution to the public burden. The distinction is obvious: the, reason for the difference is well taken by Chief Justice Marshall in M'Culoch v. The State of Maryland, 4 Wheat.
428.
"The people of a state therefore give to their government a right of taxing themselves and their property. And as the exigencies of government cannot be limited, they prescribe no limits to the exercise of this right, resting confidently on the interest of the legislator, and on the influence of the constituents over their representative to guard them against its abuse
But the means employed by the government of the Union have no such security, nor is the right of a state to tax them sustained by the-same theory. *
The safeguard of the influence of the constituent over the representative, is as perfect a protection to the citizen who holds office under the government of the Union as to any other citizen. The Court will remark that all offices or posts of profit are required to be rated. There is no discrimination as to the nature of the office or post.

Mr. Justice WAYNE, delivered the opinion of the Court. This cause has been brought to this Court by a writ of error to
the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania. That Court reversed the judgment of the Court of Common

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

445

[Dobbins v. The Commissioners of Erie County.]

sively upon the power and right of the commissioners to enforce the tax upon the plaintiff, for his office under the United States.
The assessment was made by the commissioners of Erie coumty under the act of Pennsylvania of the 16th April, 1834. It is believed to be the only instance of a tax being rated in that state upon the office of-an officer of the United States. It has, however, received the sanction of the Supreme Court. If it can be lawfully done, it cannot be doubted that similar assessments will be made under that law, upon all other officers of the United States, in Pennsylvania. The language of the Court is, "the case is put on the power and right to impose the tax. In other words, is this a legitimate subject of taxation? Perhaps thlis may, in some measure, depend on, whether, within the true-meaning of the acts, it is the office itself, or the emoluments of the offixe which are made the subjects of taxation." In the preceding extract we gave the language of the Court. The law is, that an account shall be taken of "all offices and posts of profit." The next section makes it the duty of the assessors, "to rate all offices and posts of profit, professions, trades, and occupations, at their discretion, having a due regard to the profits arising therefrom."
The emoluments of the office, then, are taxable, and not the office. But, whether it"be one or the other, we cannot perceive how a tax upon either conduces to comprehend within the terms of the act, the office or the compensation of an officer of the United States. It will not do to say, as it vas said in argument, that though the language of the. act may-import that offices and posts of profit were taxable, that it was the citizen who holds the office whom the law intended to tax, and that it was a burden he was bound to bear in return for the privileges enjoyed, and the protection received from government: and, then, that the liability to pay the tax was a personal charge, because the person upon whom it was assessed was a taxable person.
The first answer to be given to these suggestions, is, that the tax is to-be levied upon a valuation of the income of the office. But, besides the obligation upon persons to pay taxes, is mistaken, and the sense in which a tax is a personal chargeis misunderstood. The foundation of the obligation to pay taxes, is not the privileges enjoyed or the protection given to a citizen by government, though the payment of taxes gives a right to protection. Both are en-
VOL. XVI.-2 P

SUPREME COURT.
[Dobbins v. The Commissioners of Erie County.]
joyed, as well by those members of a state who do not, because they are not able to pay taxes, as by those who are able, and do pay them. Married Women and children have privileges and protection, but they are not assessed, unless they have goods or property separate from the heads of families. The necessity of money for the support of states in times of peace or war, fixes the obligation upon their citizens to pay such taxes as may be imposed by lawful authority. And the only sense in which a tax is a personal charge, is, that it is assessed upon. personal estate, and the profits of labour and industry. It is called a personal charge, to distinguish such a tax from the tax upon lands and tenements, which are enforced without any regard to the persons who are the owners. Taxes are never assessed, unless it be a capitation tax, upon persons as persons, but upon them on account of their goods, and the profits made upon professions, trades, and occupations' They are so imposed, because public revenue can only be supplied by assessments upon the goods of individuals- "comprehending under the word 'goods,' all the estate and effects which every one hath, of whatsoever sort they be. Taxes regard the persons of men only because of their goods." The goods then are taxed and not the person. But those who are to pay the tax are taxable persons, because they are under an obligation to contribute from their means to the necessities of the state. The obligation, however, only becomes a charge upon the person in consequence of the power in the state to enforce the payment of taxes by coercion. This power extends to the sequestration of the goods, and the imprisonment of the delinquent. A tax, according to the object upon which it is laid, may be a personal charge; but that is a very different thing from its becoming a charge upon the person, in consequence of the coercion which may be provided by law to enforce the payment.
We have been more particular in noticing this argument, because it enabled us to put the point upon which it was intended to bear upon right principles. Besides, as it was drawn from the statutes of Pennsylvania, it implied the supposition that her legis.1ature, in these enactments upon taxation, had disregarded those principles. But this is not so. If the occasion was a proper one for this Court to do it, we might easily show-that the act through-

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

447

[Dobbins v. The Commissioners of Erie County.]

out, was framed upon an enlightened recognition by the legislators of that state, of all the principles upon which taxes are imposed. The only difficulty in the act has arisen from the terms directing assessments to be made upon all offices and posts of profit, without restricting the assessments to offices and posts of profit held under the sovereignty of that state; and not excluding them from being made upon offices and posts of profit of another sovereignty-the United States.
The case being now cleared of other objections, except such as relate to the unconstitutionality of the tax, we will consider the real and only questio I in it; that is, "whether the plaintiff is liable to be rated and assessed for his office under the United States, for
county rates and levies?" It is not necessary for the decision of this question, that the
power of taxation in the states, and in the United States, under the Constitution of the latter, should be minutely discussed.
Taxation is a sacred right, essential to the existence of government; an incident of sovereignty. The right of legislation is coextensive with the incident, to attach it upon all persons and property within the jrisdiction of a state. But in our system there are limitations upon that right. There is a concurent right of legislation in the states and the United States, except as both are restrained by the Constitution of the United States. Both are restrained upon this subject, by express prohibitions in the Constitution. And the states, by such as are necessarily implied when the exercise of the right by o.state conflicts with the perfect execution of another sovereign power, delegated to the United States. That occurs when taxation by a state acts upon the instruments, emoluments, arid persons, which the United States may use and employ as necessary and proper means to execute their sovereign powers. The government of the United States is supreme within its sphere of action. The means necessary and proper to crry into effect the powers in the Constitution ate in Congress. Taxation is a sovereign power in a state; but the collection of revenue by imposts upon imported goods, and the regulation of commerce, are also sovereign powers in the United States. Let us apply then the principles just stated, and the powers mentioned to the case in judgment, and see what will be
the result.

448

SUPREME COURT

-[Dobbins v. The Commissioners of Erie County.]

Congress has power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imnposts, &c., and to regulate commerce with foreign nations and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. Neither can be be done without legislation. A complicate machinery of forms, instruments, and persons, must be established; revenue districts were to be designated; collectors, naval officers, surveyors, inspectors, appraisers, weighers, measurers and gaugers must be employed; "the better to secure the collection of duties on goods and on the tonnage of vessels," revenue cutters, and officers to command them are necessary. The, latter are declared to be officers of the customs, and they have large powers and authority. All of this is legislation by Congress to execute sovereign powers. They are the means necessary to an allowed end: the end, the great objects which the Constitution was intended to secure to the states in their character of a nation. Is the officer, as such, less a means to carry into effect these great objects than the vessel which he commands, the instruments which are used to navigate her, or than the guns put on board to enforce obedience to the law. These inanimate objects, it is admitted, cannot be taxed by a state, because they are means. Is not the officer more so, who gives use and efficacy to the whole? Is not compensation'the means by which his services are procured and retained? It is true it becomes his when he has earned it. If it can be taxed by a state as compensation, will not Congress have to graduate its amount, -with reference to its reduction by the tax? Could Congress use an uncontrolled discretion in fixing the amount of compensation, as it would do without the interference of such a tax? The execution of a national power by.way of compensation to officers, can in no way be subordinate to the action of the state legislatures upon the same subject. It would destroy also all uniformity of compensation for the same service, as the taxes by the states would be different. To allow such a right of taxation to be in the states, would also in effect be to give the states a revenue out of the revenue of the United States, to which they are not constitutionally entitled, either directly or indirectly: neither by their own action, nor by that of Congress.. The revenue of the United States is intended by the Constitution, to pay the debts, and provide for the common defence and general welfare of the United States; to be expended, in particulars, in carry-

JANUARY TERM, 1842.

449

[Dobbins v. The Commissioners of Erie County.]

ing into effect the laws made to execute all the express powers,

cand all other powers vested by the -Constitution in the govern-

ment of the United States." But the unconstitutionality of such

taxation by a state as that now before us may be safely put-

though it is not the only ground-upon its interference with the

constitutional means which have been legislated by the govern-

ment of the United States to carry into effect its powers to lay

and collect taxes, duties, imposts, &c.) and to regulate commerce.

In our view, it presents a case of as strong interference as was

presented by the tax imposed by Maryland, in the case of M'Cul-

loch, 4 Wheat. 316; and the tax by the City Council of Charleston,

in Weston's Case, 2 Peters, 449: in both of which it was decided

by this Court, that the state governments cannot lay a tax upon

the constitutional means employed by the government of the

Union to execute its constitutional powers.

But we have said that the ground upon which we have just

put the unconstitutionality of the tax in the case-before us, is not

the sole ground upon which our conclusion can be maintained.

We will now state another groand; and we do so because it is

applicable to exempt the salaries of all officers of the United

States from taxation by the states.

The powers of the national government can only be executed

by officers whose services must be compensated by Congress.

The allowance is in its discretion. The presumption is that the

compensation given by law is no more than the services are

worth, and only such in amount ag will secure from the officer

the diligent performance of his duties. "The officers execute

their offices for the public good. This implies their right of reap-

ing from thence the recompense the services they may render

may deserve ;" without that recompense being in any way less-

ened, except by the sovereign power from whom the officer

derives his appointment, or by another sovereign power to whom

the first has delegated the right of taxation over all the objects

of taxation, in common with itself, for the benefit of both. And

no diminution in the recompense of an officer s just and lawful,

unless it be prospective, or by way of taxation b the sovereignty

who has a power to impose it; and which is intended to bear

equally upon all according to their estate.

The compensation of an officer of the United States is fixed by

2p2

57

450

SUPREME COURT.

[Dobbins v. The Commissioners of Erie County.]

a law made by Congress. It is in its exclusive discretion to determine what shall be given. It exercises' the- discretion and fixes the amount, and confers upon the officer the right to receive it when it has been earned. Does not a tax then by a state upon the office, diminishing the recompense, conflict with the law of the United States, which secures it to the officer in its entireness? It certainly has such an effect; and any law of a. state imposing such a tax cannot be constitutional, because it conflicts with a law of Congress made in pursuance of the Constitution, and which makes it the supreme law of the land.
Ve are, therefore, of opinion, that the judgment of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, reversing the judgment of the Court of Common Pleas of Erie county, declaring the plaintiffs was not liable to be rated and assessed for county rates, and levies for his office under the United States, is erroneQus; in this-that the said Supreme Court adjudged that the act of Pennsylvania embracing all offices and posts of profit; comprehending offices of the United States, was not repugnant to the Constitution and laws of the United States;, whereas this Court is of opinion that such repugnancy does exist. We are, therefore, of opinion that the said judgment ought to be, reversed and annulled; and the cause remanded to the said Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, in and for the westerna district, with directions to affirm the judgment of the Court of Common Pleas of Erie county

